5 This place is amazing authentic Mexican sea food taste great and the staff is great
1 I love shrimp cocktail as long as the shrimp are de-veined. This place did not and I was unable to finish my $14 cocktail.
1 I stop by and it was a nice place but the prices are a little too high, I ordered the shrimp ceviche and it was the blend with no flavor whatsoever, I don't think I'm coming back. ALTATAS restaurant is the place to go avoid this poor imitation restaurant.
3 I went here with a couple girls from work who frequent this restaurant. I must say, this place is better than it looks. It is a sort of nondescript store front in a strip mall in Maryvale. I had the 3 taco lunch special for 5$, which was a good price because the tacos were huge. The salsa they give you is a good medium spicy salsa. I got a chicken, a beef, and a fish taco. The chicken was ok tasting, but was poor quality chicken (I probably shouldn't have ordered that here), the beef was good, but greasy. It was shredded beef that had some cabbage and cheese on it. The fish was the best one, but it still wasn't amazing. It was fried fish with a lot of breading, but the cabbage and salsa on it was good. I wish they used grilled fish versus the fried. The service was fine, but was very slow making it a hard place to go on a work lunch. Anyway, I wouldn't rush out to eat here, but I wouldn't say absolutely not either....3 stars.
3 I frequent this place when I am craving fish and shrimp tacos while I'm at work. They always start you with fresh tortilla chips and mild/medium salsa. The lunch specials are ridiculously cheap and the portions are HUGE! I typically get the 3 tacos (2 fish and 1 shrimp) with rice and beans lunch special for $5 when I stop in on my lunch break. The fish tacos are my favorite and are cooked to perfection. The shrimp tacos are also a great choice but can sometimes have to much breading on them. Staff is very friendly and service is quick. The language spoken in this restaurant is primarily Spanish and if you do not know any Spanish it can be challenging to get you wants and needs met here depending on how well your waitress can speak English. Be patient! The lunch specials are worth it!
