4 This is the best Mexican Food joint in West Phoenix. They have great customer service, and are great to call in an order. It's not a place to sit in and eat w/the family, but a nice take-home place. I usually order the chicken chimi. Great alternative to the chain restaurants.
5 I've been coming to this Ramiro's since the late 90's. I have always had a great experience when it comes to the food, always so fresh tasing!! The staff is always friendly and smiling and their menudo on the weekends is definitely some of the best around. You can really taste the love and care that goes in to all of the food here.
2 Ramiro's- especially the one on 107th indian school, has not been making me happy. For the past two visit's, my burritos that I order for my boyfriend and I, the tortilla's are nearly burnt and hard when you bite into it. They hired this new lady, and she's very unprofessional behind the register and on the phone. I'm not trying to bash Ramiro's because for over a year now, I always loved there food and the great costumer service I get from this older lady (I forgot her name) she wears glasses, but she is just the nicest lady. But my point is, Ramiro's isn't the same without her and the other cook. I've experienced better! and the new Lady needs to clean the tables good, she just sweeps the crumbs, the tables are very sticky!
4 Their chorizo burritos are delicious, and the tortillas are brought in from a local bakery. The carne asada fries are good, but Poliberto's in Glendale wins on the fries.   I like the rolled tacos here as well... They are rolled small so they aren't filling up with a ton of oil when being fried.   I've always had good service here, and we are here often.  Yes- it's a little run down...but it's clean.
2 I just moved to the area and had high hopes for this place. I ordered carne adada tacos and cheese enchiladas. The tacos were ok, but there was nothing special about them, and definitely not worth the price. The enchiladas were the real disappointment. The cheese was barely melted and the sauce tasted store bought. It is sad to say that I have had better enchiladas from the frozen food aisle.
