4 This place was fantastic.  Ordered from work the other day and everything was delicious.  I have never seen the building (probably don't want to based on the neighborhood!) but the food was so good, I don't care.  Order take-out!  Yum!
5 Went to dine-in with my husband and it is WONDEFUL!  Sweet owner, great staff, and (while the neighborhood is not great), she has a nice, clean little place!  Please, please eat here and keep it in business.  You can't beat "non-chain" restuarants!
5 Love the food here.  Very generous portion and great taste.  Highly recommended.
4 This place is really a 3 star for me but I gave it a 4 because the food was so freshly made.  They only cook it once you order it here you can taste the freshness in this place.  It is definitely a hole in the wall.  It is a little dingy inside.  I compare all chinese food places to my favorite place "good china located at 67th and Thomas" so that is why it is very hard to beat for me.  Prices are very reasonable.
1 I'm a big Chop Suey fan but its not a lunch special  so I ordered off the regular menu, I can't say I was impressed, although the veggies were crunchy there wasn't much flavor to the sauce.  The booths are dirty and this old building is in great need of a remodel.  I wouldn't have ever stopped in if it weren't for some glowing reviews by other Yelpers.  To top it off there was constant yelling or arguing coming from the kitchen and a man putting boxes together behind a screen in the dining room, ever heard one of those loud tape dispensers throughout your meal!?  I visited this location off it's previous reviews and I have to say they disappointed me.
5 Awesome place!!! I keep coming here for the best chinese food with good portions. Yes it's not the best looking area or place, but you can't go wrong here. If your looking for looks go to P.F Changs. If your looking for amazing chinese food come here!!!
4 Now, finding this place was a bit tricky.  This was a pit stop on the way to Cali from Texas.  The owner is SUPER nice and they have two menus, which if you are Asian, you know what I mean.  I ordered soup and a cup of soup is much larger than what I am used to. I was verrrry happy about that.  The square it's located in had a quince store (store specifically for quincinera dresses) and some place (I will assume) sells TVs/used electronics.  The prices are reasonable, portions are large- def family style and when the brothers asked for the Vietnamese equivalent of Chinese dishes (bc they only know the Vietnamese name and not the Chinese), the lady not only understood but was able to suggest dishes, if she didn't have the exact dish. The brothers also knew some basic Chinese (food, mainly lol) so that helped.  The owner speaks English, so no fear if you are not a native Chinese speaker.  The neighborhood looks sketchy, lock your stuff up tight in the car.  You can order take away, too.
4 this place will kind of throw you off when you first step with the wall nic nacs and the display that sells body wash and toothpaste next to chop sticks and such but the food is surprisingly delicious.. my husband order the chicken curry friee rice with orange chicken and he loved it. i had the chicken and beef chop suey and was not disappointed. kudos to this joint could do with some spring cleaning and a little sprucing up but good all the same
4 Food made to order, fresh ingredients, friendly staff and fair prices! What more can you ask for?  I stopped in after working in the field all day.  I was staying at a hotel close by and my fellow Yelpers did not let me down.  I played it safe and had the beef fried rice and the beef broccoli.   The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the limited selection of drinks available to go but if I could give 1/2 star this would be a 4.5--the deduct had nothing to do with food selection, prep or portion.  Just me...not wanting to stop at an additional place to pickup a drink.
1 This was the worst food i ever had. They messed up our order when they delivered it. So we had to call and I brought the rest of the food. My daughter got sick a few hours  later and I believe she got food poisoning. So my review on this is do not eat here
5 This place is to die for. Great food great prizes. Everything is made to order from scratch hot out the kitchen, definitely one of my favorite Chinese cuisine places.
5 Amazing food! Huge portions! Great people!  I came in after 7pm after work, and ordered the Mongolian beef. Your choice of spicyness! And like my fellow yelpers, they did not disappoint! Yes, it's a whole in the wall and not the cleanest place, but the food and people more than make up for that!   If you truly are an Asian food lover then you can not pass this place up!
4 The place is a little tricky to find, as someone else had mentioned. It's tucked away in the far corner of a strip mall on 51st and McDowell, and the sign on the building doesn't indicate the business name, only "Chinese Food." As other reviewers have noted, the facility itself isn't visually impressive, but the owner was very nice. I ordered the chicken egg foo young. This is 3 patties, and comes with steamed or fried rice. Cost for this, including tax, was just over $9. They cooked it for me right after I ordered it - no reheated stuff! The egg foo young was JUST crisp on the outside, as I like it. So many places will bring this soggy mess, but this was perfect. Sauce served on the side, in a separate bowl with a spoon. Veggies were crisp-tender, and the dish had great flavor. Fried rice had fresh cilantro and egg, but no veggies like some places serve. Loved the food!
1 C'mon yelpers! This place is horrible, can't even finish my lunch. This kung pao chicken is garbage. They use the cheapest, most disgusting part of the chicken to make this meal! The meat is dark, fatty, and doesn't even taste like chicken. Plus the portion is tiny. I should have known walking into this dump. If you want REAL asian food that would blow your mind and make you never ever ever come back to this dump, go to T&J Asian Cuisine on 107th ave and Olive. You can thank me later.
