5 This one is easy...PoPo's is the real deal, straight up.  It's been a institution for 46 years; I first ate there back in 1980.  This is classic, Nana's style Sonoran food.  I noticed that there are some reviewers here that rave about it but only rate it at 3 stars...por que?    Heed not any naysayers. You don't stay in business for half a century making bad Mexican food in a town saturated with Mexican restaurants.   It requires no further explanation; no "this was good but that was bland." "It's a shady part of town." "Parking is wack!".  It's a given that it's in Maryvale, the lot is small and in 46 years some individual dishes here and there are bound to be misses.  Just go there, order what looks good and you'll see for yourself why this place keeps packing them in year after year.
5 Been coming here since 1986. Hands down, the best Mexican food in town. I'm in the Air Force and have lived all over the country. I have yet to find Mexican food anywhere else that can compare to Popo's.  Every time I come back to Phoenix for a visit, Popo's is the first stop I make. Excellent rice! Don't forget to ask for the red sauce with your chips!
5 Went there on a whim last night. Mondays are all you can eat Tacos. Started out with the Spinach Con Queso dip and the All You Can Eat Tacos. The first plate was 2 Machaca Tacos with Rice and Beans. Each refill was 2 more Tacos. As a Taco Lover I have to say these where some damn fine tacos. I will be going back. Likely many times.
5 Their food is great, best I've had since I last visited South Tucson. Salsa is always fresh, and each time it tastes just a little bit different so you can tell (at least I think) it's made by hand.  And every Tuesday and Saturday, 99 cent margaritas with a meal purchase (limit 4, so you can't exactly get trashed) but these aren't dinky solo cup margs either, they're well worth the trip alone.   A+ would eat again.  I have heard that the other location is not quite as good as this one, so buyer beware. Make sure you're in the right...ahem...neighborhood.
5 Best Mexican food on the westside of Phoenix! Been eating here since 1979 with my family!
5 Great food! Great service!
4 A very good transitional Mexican Food.  Unfortunately, the area of town does not have the best of reputations, however, if you get beyond that, the food is good.   Fresh salsa and warm chips, unlimited.   I ordered the carnitas chimi.  Would have preferred that it come smothered, but I am sure it can be ordered that way.  I also had the Chili Relleno.  Was not very impressed with this dish as the chili was very small and got lost in the egg.   Friend had chicken enchilada and taco.  She enjoyed this as well.   4 stars only because a place has to really stand out to get that fifth star.  I would definitely return if I am on this side of town.  Next time, maybe try a special margarita too!
5 There is no better mexican food in Arizona.  Been going here since 1977.
5 Muy authentica y delicioso!   I just could not resist giving this place a great rating, since I credit it with making me finally fall in love with Mexican food two years after moving to Phoenix.  Finally, a place that serves Mexican food that isn't afraid to be adventurous with its spices and fresh in its ingredients.  My manager described Popo's as "the best Mexican in the Valley - hands down" when I asked her where to take a guest for the real deal. She hit the nail on the head.  The place is NOT perfect - if you want a so-called "better neighborhood" then go to the counterpart on Bell Rd. - but the food is without parallel. From the spicy cheese dip to the fajitas to the Corona-battered fish burrito....I kept waiting for something to be "just okay," but as we tried each other's entrees, I could see all of our eyes light up with delight.    It gets better. Not only do they have a mean 1/2 price margarita happy hour, I saw an advertisement for 99 cent margaritas on Tuesdays.  Even without specials like this, the food is moderately priced with large portions. I have since gotten take-out from the Bell location, and "the complete" was more than enough to feed two people.  And, joy of joys, there are actually tasty, healthy options on the menu as well! My grilled chicken salad was AMAZING. I got a side of grilled veggies last time I got take-out, and the zucchini was fresh and cooked to perfection.  My recommendation is to ignore the pawn shop next door. Be patient if the unpaved parking lot out back is full (we ended up parking at a business up the road and walking).  Wear casual clothes. Be prepared for a slight wait if you come with a large group.    The service was right on - and THE FOOD IS WORTH IT.
5 Patty is amazing! Food is amazing! I'm always about customer service and she is always smiling!
5 not only have i been going here since i was a wee one, so has mi mum. yes, the food is that good, consistently! when i lived in sf and came to visit this was my first stop in town...i missed it terribly. so i came back, for you popo's...well, not really. the things i love: cheese crisp, mexican pizza, the complete, chimichanga! also, for some reason the sarsaparilla just tastes better here. my 1 year old loves their salsa so much that she refuses to share, i kid you not. in fact she tried to drink it. like i said, it is that good here.
4 Really good food and really good salsa. Place was crowded for lunch but they got us in and out quickly.
4 Seriously good Mexican food at a hole in the wall place. $.99 margaritas on Tuesdays and Saturdays. They're good ones too, nothing dinky. Only thing I've had that I didn't like was the tortilla soup- it was oily and bland the day I had it. The salsa, on the other hand, is awesome. It tastes different every time we go here, which tells me someone is making it by hand. My personal favorite is the deep-fried burrito. It is always stuffed full and piping hot. Hubby likes the fish tacos- nice fresh fish deep-fried to perfection. The last few times we've been here we've had some issues, but management has always taken care of things. It must not outweigh the good because we keep coming back!
4 The food here is really good... All of their courses... Their chips and salsa is amazing.  I have been here a couple times and have gotten their house special both times... A chicken burrito like dish.  It is really good and prepared well... My only knock on this place and keeping it from truly getting 5 stars is that I wasn't impressed with the quality of chicken used.  I don't want to sound like a snob or anything but if they used white meat chicken breast I'd come much more regularly.  The fried ice cream is to die for.  The service can be a little slow on busy days but they are always friendly.. I'll be back!!
4 Popo's is one of the old fashioned kind of Mexican restaurant that I rarely go to anymore. Mostly cuz they are often so generic and blah.  Yet there is something  warm and homey and satisfying about this spot, like  some body's grandmother looked around the grocery store and decided to add things like add cream cheese to her traditional cooking. And it works for me.  The other day, after a long hot hike in the desert,  we ended up here to completely stuporize ourselves. I was pleased to see the happy servers and multigenerational groups getting some shade and 99 cent margaritas on a Sunday afternoon. I looked around at what the other diners were having and decided on the chimichanga, enchilada style. I really liked the enchilada sauce and the red chili filling which was actually spicy with melt in your mouth cubes of beef. Seriously like my mom used to make. I skipped the rice and beans because this deep fried baby was more than filling on its own. Especially as we had started with a small bowl of the chile con Queso dip that was soothing and smooth with just a little kick. The chips accompanying the dip were warm and crisp.  This is the place when you want Mexican comfort food that actually also has some flavor. As other reviewers have noted, it's heavy and hearty fare.  But sometimes that's what you need.
5 This food was so amazing!!! My family is always having dinner's here. This is one of my all time favorite restaurants. Even when they're busy, they still find time to serve everyone.
1 THE FOOD GET 1 STAR  AND THE SERVICE IS -1STAR  I WAS THERE AND GOT THE "FISH TACO PLATE....... the food finally came and the plate looks good.i was hungry. i ask the waitress for more lemons. since it only has one slice on the plate. im sure its not a big deal. the waitress was telling that they charge for lemons.. and is it going to be ok with me. i was like really your going to charge for lemons.and she said yes and she was sorry. i have two fish tacos and one small size lemon. i was like WTF. are U really charging for lemons. when you order fish tacos. so I just enjoy my tacos and it was not the best terrible, oversalted, overgreased. i can make it better at home. At the end we ask for the tab. she came back with a bill that has service fee. for $12, there are only 3 of us. she added the tip for her self like we are not going to see it. So we ask why is there $12 service charge. you only do that if there are like 6 or more on most places.in your table. She came back and was telling us that she gave us the wrong bill. handed us the new bill. without the service charge same bill. turns out she was doing that to all her table.she wanted to tip her self and wait for the costumer to tip again. we used to go there two times a week. NOW I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN. AND BY THE WAY THIS IS MY FIRST REVIEW OF A PLACE THAT I HAVE TO TELL PPL ABOUT. DONT GO THERE IF YOU WANT GOOD SERVICE. SHE GOT A big fat $O.000 tip
5 Been coming here for a few years now, I've always had a great experience with this restaurant. The service is always great and the food is amazing ! I usually get the Mini Platter (feeds two!) or the Santa Fe Salad they are delicious ! The happy hour is great ! And they do margarita specials on Tuesdays and Saturdays ! I recommend Popo's Fiesta Del Sol to all my friends when they are craving Mexican food !
5 We just ate a late lunch there.  I am a avid taco and bean and cheese burrito fan and I was not dissapointed.  I am picky about my beans and they were excellent here.  Also had a machaca taco, was really good!  There salsa was fresh and homemade, hot sauce was good too.  Guacamole great.  My husband had a carne asada taco, a fish taco and rice and beans and he loved them.  Plates were very large and we brought some home.  Sister in Laws had carnitas with rice and beans and flour tortillas and said it was excellent.  Father in law had beef enchilada and rice and beans and almost licked his plate!  Really good for him as he is almost 91!  All in all was very very good. Try it, don't think you will be dissapointed.
5 I have to say that I love PoPo's...OMG! The food reminds me of my mom's home cooking and I admit it I am sooo picky when it comes to Mexican food. I am not crazy about the Indian School Location, it's pretty ghetto but the food is awesome. I don't mind driving to the new location on Bell Road cuz it's way better. The staff could be a little more professional but most are GREAT. I am crazy for their salsa..
5 I got the Red Chili lunch special yesterday and it was solid as always. I couldn't finish it so I brought it home. Heated it up tonight in the stove and it was one of the best meals I've ever had. I need to go there full and reheat more often.   Nice staff, clean enough, good service, reasonable prices, huge servings, second best chips and salsa in Phoenix.   Crappy section of town in a hole in the wall strip mall. Right where one would normally find top notch Mexican food.
5 Hands down the best Mexican in Glendale/Phoenix area. This is our go to place for eating and catering. Salsa is amazing. My husband strongly recommends the Carne asada chimichanga enchilada style. I love the fajitas and carne asada burrito.
5 By far the best Mexican Food in Phoenix! I love everything about this place!
5 Found this spot by chance and was pleasantly surprised. Great service and even better food. 99 cent Margaritas on Saturday to top it off!?!? Who can ask for more? Locals made it sure to recommend dishes to try and my fav was the "Pollo Burro" Walking in to this place and seeing how many people were there was the best sign I could get that I was in for a treat. Def must go!!! Additional parking in the back if the front is full. Bon Appetite.
5 If you are looking for mouth watering authentic Mexican food, then look no further than Popo's Fiesta Del Sol (Indian School location) Hands down my favorite Mexican restaurant.  This little hole in the wall eatery never lets me down.  The drinks are good and the food is delicious and authentic. We also use them for catering at work and get nothing but compliments on "Popo's days"
4 Some of the best Mexican food I've ever had and it's a neighborhood staple. Quick suggestion though, drive around and park out back. The front parking lot is too small and crowded.
4 I was pleasantly surprised by the amazing food and great service! Although it isn't located in the best area (there was a cop standing by the door the entire time), I would definitely go back. I ordered the carne asada chimichanga with red sauce and it was delicious. The portions are what you expect from an authentic Mexican restaurant- huge! I left completely stuffed. It took me almost a year to find what I consider great Mexican food in Phoenix. Overall a great experience and I'm glad I went!
5 There aren't enough good things I can say about Popo's.  My husband and I are locals who have the choice of dozens upon dozens of Mexican restaurants, and we always choose Popo's.  We don't even consider going anywhere else.  The food is awesome, the prices are very reasonable, and the service is great.  It's where we take our out-of-town guests, where we celebrate any occasion, and its always the choice for "let's do lunch".  They have recently opened a location at 59th Ave & Bell and the food is exactly the same.  Hubby likes the enchiladas and, me, I'm a machaca girl myself.  Go there!  You won't be sorry!
5 I wish it was still one of West Phx best kept secrets, but anyone who knows better knows this is the beginning and the end of authentic mexican cuisine. I could hook their red sauce intravenously and be totally happy.  One gripe: Some of the hostesses are kind of young and inexperienced. I came in to order to-go once and instead of a normal greeting, she looked up and said "Wha happen?"  Dude... come on.
4 My partner found this out of the way gem in a crappy small strip mall. Park in back.  Doesn't look like much from the outside but the nice faux finish décor and segregated dining areas on the inside make up for it.  We had the Pollo Especial and The combination Red & Green chili plates. The red chili is amazing.  I am typically more interested in chili verde but the red chili is terrific. Be sure to request corn tortillas with this plate instead of the usually served flour tortillas.  The bean and rice are great.  The rice is moist & flavorful. If you are choosing between the queso dip and the spicy bean dip, go with the bean dip it does have cheese in it with great flavor, not too spicy either.  The Pollo plate is great, it is one of the most popular dishes on the menu, however, to me the least Mexican.  Try the steak or chicken picado.  I did not try the menudo but everyone around us was ordering it, which looks delicious.  We were there on a Sunday around noon, shortly after we were seated & ordered the place began to fill up. By the time we left there were several parties waiting for tables. There is a nearby church and everyone was there following services.  So if you go on Sunday for lunch, get there by noon.  The food has incredible taste and is quite authentic.  There are a lot of Mexican restaurants in Phoenix Metro as you can imagine, but there are not a lot of good Mexican restaurants.  This is a very good restaurant.  The salsa is made fresh daily & you can tell, it has great flavor (I would prefer it more spicy). Our waitress was great, smiling, attentive, and serviced well.   Next time I will order a bowl of the Red Chili with corn tortillas.  I don't need the rice and beans just a giant bowl of that delicious Red Chili.
5 Things have gone back to great at Popo's.  Guess that once they got settled in up north the managers came back and whipped our favorite westside location into shape.  You have to try the chicken tacos.  No other location in the valley comes close to this form of perfection.
5 Best Mexican food in AZ!!!! We drive from Gilbert for this stuff! We usually get the chicken chimichanga and tacos. Always great food!
