4 I didn't think to write a review of Boogie Music until very recently, but figured better late than never. As a band geek for many, many years, this was a favorite place to go for all my band geek necessities. They always had what I needed, and they knew their shit.  (A short history of my musical past: picked the alto sax as "my" instrument in 4th grade, was in all sorts of bands up until my freshman year in college, and after that kind of put it aside for a long time until recently.)  It wasn't until about a year ago, that I actually needed to visit their store again. I was attempting to get back into playing my sax, but noticed that the pads on the keys had deteriorated. Age and the dry Phoenix climate had pretty much wrecked the leather. So, I was in need of getting them replaced. I shopped around, asking different music stores if they could do the repair and how much it would cost. (I knew it could end up costing a few hundred dollars.)   In the end, Boogie got my business.  I knew they'd be reliable and honest. And, I was right. I brought my sax in, and the person I spoke to looked at my sax and pointed out the problem pads.  He didn't try to pressure me into getting all the pads replaced, but was respectful with my decision to just get the necessary ones replaced. He explained to me what they would do and answered any questions I had. The price was really reasonable, and they had it ready for me within a week.   What's even better is they are a full-service music store. They've got it all and more! Guitars, amps, drums, band instruments, keyboards, DJ and sound equipment, sheet music, music lessons, and even the ability to rent equipment for big events.   If you are ever in any need of anything music-related, definitely check out Boogie music.
5 Great prices, staff was friendly, and when I needed to make an exchange for an item that was a few cents more there was no hassle of having to pay the difference.
5 This review is lonnnng overdue...  My family, friends and I have been shopping at boogie music for years.  From my snare drum rental close to 10 years ago to my last pair of drum sticks I purchased a week ago, boogie music has been great. The owner is usually there and has always came by himself to say hi or ask if i needed help.  I was happy to see them at an outside event as well.. i got to spin their prize wheel and won a $50 gift card!  They are very generous with giving back to their customers, matching competitors prices always and just overall providing great service. Their pricing is usually always less than the competition even though they are a smaller "local" type shop.  Great selection. Everything you could need. And if something additional is wanted, ask them - they'll be happy to accommodate your needs.  Keep up the great work
5 My son takes drum lessons here and we buy all his equipment here. The staff are friendly and helpful. We have had nothing but positive experiences here so far.
5 This place has been around for years. They've always been really helpful and know their stuff. I recently purchased one bad bass from them. They'll match anyone's price and even honor their coupons. I got $100 off my purchase with coupon from one of the "big dealers" at this shop. I would highly recommend that people give this shop a chance to meet the prices from the other shops. Just ask, don't be shy!  They also even throw in free setup in the first 60 days. Why give to corporate shops when we can help out and purchase from the old school mom and pop shop that provides excellent service and will match prices and coupon offers from their competitors.  Highly recommended.  They also do great setups for your axes. Boogie on!
5 These guys are great. They know their stuff and will match prices with the big dealers. They'll also honor sales and coupons. Why buy from corporate idiots when you can support local mom and pop stores like this  They also do great set ups. I recently bought bad bass from the shop and they matched the price and honored a $100 off coupon from The Dark Side. Highly recommended.
5 I've brought in two banjos for a full setup and compared to a big place like guitar center or Sam Ash, they definitely know their stuff!  Just recently I bought a Deering Goodtime from a pawn shop. It looked like it was in great condition but sounded pretty bad. I thought it needed more than a set of strings so I brought it in so they could take a look. They ended up having to remove the neck, realign and reattach, plus ended up sanding the edges of the frets and did all of it for an extremely reasonable price. It sounds amazing now!  I also go there for lessons and it's a great experience. I definitely recommend Boogie Music for a banjo player!
5 I've been in music from many different angles starting in the mid 80's. I'm not an 80's rocker but, just to give my background I've spent well over 200k on gear and equipment over the years. I bought my first real drum set from Boogie in 92 and have been a fan of their service and personnel ever since. I recommend them over the bigger music stores simply for the interaction that you receive there. At the bigger stores you are really just a sale and not a customer. The staff at Boogie treats you like a client, someone they want to retain for years to come. If you haven't been by their store before give them a try you won't be disappointed.
5 My last stop after Guitar Center and Sam Ash. Why didn't I come here first? The guy here (and I'm sorry I don't recall his name) was great! Friendly, helpful and gave me a lot of helpful information. Even though I am having to order the banjo that I ultimately decided on, I will definitely bring it here for a professional set-up. I plan to take lessons here. Weekly 30 min lessons are only 90 buck/month. That's a deal! I will also buy all of my supplies, strings, pics, etc. from here. GREAT EXPERIENCE!
