1 One day while waiting around for one of my cousins, my mom and I headed out into the West side. I don't really care for the westside, there's no love there. We were looking for another chinese place but couldn't find it and instead opted to dine here instead... BIG MISTAKE!  I wanted to go to Olive Garden, shut up! it's one of the best places on this side of town besides Thai 75! and atleast I know the food will be moderatly clean there!! But here... I unno what should've tipped me off that the food was gonna be bad - the window that had some sort of tape on it to cover it up... the stickiness of every single damned surface in the place of the fact that every thing from the carpets, to the chairs, to the faux marble panellings of the dining room to the damned walls themselves were this putrid color of green?!  By the time I was done approaching a very angry Chinese woman who I knew just wanted my money who sat behind a counter, I had the fear and I had it bad. Every red flag was blaring and suddenly the 30 minute wait outside of Olive Garden didn't seem so bad.   "Twenty dollar with tip!" she shouted "The fuck?! Tip?! This is a buffet!! You should be tipping ME!"  "Twenty dollar with tip! Just pay 20 dollar!" she insisted.  My mom then turned to me as if to say, pay the woman... oh HELL NO! You mean, I have to pay?! I begruggingly took out a twenty dollar bill which she snatched out of my hand and quickly slammed the cash register shut.   Frustrated and worried, The Fear only intensified as I approached the buffet itself. The food was luke warm - the temperature that only the worst of bacteria could love. The food was old - the sweet and sour had a THICK skin on it except for where people had dunked the ladle in. And the food was bland - Everything had the same tasteless brown chinese gravy on it and lacked any depth and soul.  I wanted my money back - tip and all! I tried to make the best of things but I couldn't find anything I felt safe to eat besides the steamed rice and Sweet & Sour chicken. I hated it and vowed to never go back. Oddly enough, my mom loved it - that worries me more than you will ever know.
2 Well, I did better here than Cher T., but only a little better.  This hostess/cashier was friendly enough, & the restaurant itself is big, much too big.  With a capacity probably over 100, there were only about 20 other diners on hand at lunchtime.  It's a little run down inside, not too bad, but with it about 110 degrees outside, the air conditioning was either broken, or shut off!  What's up with THAT?¿?  They DID have a zillion ceiling fans running, & some evaporative coolers blowing air around.  It reminded me of the Monsoon a couple of days ago!  I went to wash my hands, & there was no soap in the dispenser.  Also, there were no paper towels, only one of those blowers that you put your hands under for a long time & then wipe them on your shirt or pants.  I don't use those thank you, & no, they don't save trees!  (The paper companies GROW the trees to make the paper towels!  The tree would have never have HAD a life if it weren't for the paper company!)  I decided to settle for drying my hands on some ass gaskets, but they didn't have any of those either!  Back into the warm windstorm of the dining room, there was not over-capacity for diners, but also for food service!  There were a lot of empty food trays, & apparently they once had 90 to 100 items to choose from.  How sad that this place is on it's way downhill like this.  I'll bet that in the '70s, this place was the cat's meow, but then along came Chinese Gourmet & Great Wall, not to mention Golden Corral, Hometown, & the amazing new Lin's, all nearby!  Even with 20 or 30 empty food trays, there was a lot of food out... around 70 trays plus sauces & so on.    Some of it was greasy, but overall the food was good here.  What a shame about the building.  All they would have to do to be 3-Stars is turn on the A/C & maintain the bathroom better.  Lunch $7.37 including soft drinks including coffee & horchata.
1 I wish I had read the previous review before. This place suck !!!!! Inside was hot...gotta be 80- 90 degree. I was uncomfortable the whole dame time. The bath room stink. I can't imagine what their kitchen would look like. what a ssham
2 = = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =  Came over here to enjoy another 2-Star lunch & get blown around by the outdoor coolers sitting on tables INSIDE this place blowing like a hurricane, but CB2K here is now so closed that it's hard to even tell where the place used to be in this ghost town shopping center!     :-O
