2 The ONLY reason this awful place is getting two stars instead of one is because Dr. Oland is one of the most fantastic doctors I've ever had. However, the front office staff and the nurses are beyond horrible. I already had several negative visits due to their poor attitude and making me feel like I was an inconvenience to them by showing up for my appointment but the doc always made up for it. But now I've had their nurses try to inject me with the WRONG medication TWICE and both times I had to reschedule because my medication wasn't ordered ahead of time. No doctor is worth two mistakes with possible drastic consequences like that. The two instances were three months apart so it makes me wonder how many women were improperly injected in between without even knowing it. If Dr. Oland changes offices I'll be happy to give the new place a try. Go somewhere else ladies!
1 In the wise words of a previous reviewer: "Go somewhere else ladies!"  I am currently pregnant with my first child and have been extremely excited about the experience.  After doing some research to find the best doctors and practices in my area, I felt most comfortable with Estrella Women's Health Center.  My initial exam went great.  My doctor was pleasant, and I felt comfortable with the thought of having the rest of my prenatal care taken in the hands of Estrella Women's Health Center.    While I had a great first experience, I can honestly say that every appointment since then has been a hassle, and I have felt that all this business really cares about is the money they are making off of my care.  The front office staff was never welcoming, and lacked knowledge on billing questions that I had.  During a one week period, I left two messages, and no one ever returned my call.  I had to physically go in, in order to get a response.  I have also had multiple appointments canceled on my doctors and physicians end and when they tried to reschedule me, the only available times were during the day which did not work with my work schedule.  Two times I had to wait an additional week to see the doctor because EWHC had to reschedule.  For every appointment, I had to wait 45+ minutes, even though I was always on time.   After being taken back to the exam room, the waiting game always continued (20-30 minutes).  By the time the doctor or physician came in, I felt like they were rushing to answer my questions and get to the next patient.  A typical appointment with a doctor or physician lasted 3-10 minutes.  I began to feel that the development of my child and my pregnancy was not valuable to the doctors and physicians.  It is obvious that the doctors and physicians have too much on their plates.  This should probably be taken into consideration on their end if they would like to run a better business.  A woman's pregnancy is an extremely important event in her life, and one that should be nurtured and celebrated by the care providers, rather than cause more stress.  I am glad to say I have found and transferred to a well-rounded facility where I finally feel appreciated and properly cared for.
5 My wife went to Estrella Women's Health Center. Dr. B.J. Ho was great and really helped my wife and I thought a difficult time. Highly recommended!!!
2 Only the worse staff ever. I have to switch my Doctor when I'm more than halfway through pregnancy and due in a few months.  To begin with, they schedule more patients than the doctors can obviously handle. 3 times have my appointments been canceled or rescheduled.  The first trimester and half of the second trimester,  I saw my dr once. I had to put a special request to only see my DOCTOR and no one else because I was seeing different nurses everytime who didn't know anything.   Things got better until their office manager called me with a very bad attitude threatening to cancel all my appointments because of a payment I was previously told was not due until week 30 by numerous staff members. They all told me something different everytime.  Dr Walter was nice and caring so I decided to stay at first.   Then when I asked about my glucose test results, I was told that their records didn't even show that I had done the blood work, therefore,  they lost 5 tubes of my blood. How do you lose 5 tubes of blood work? I was told that they wouldn't make me redo it but that I'd do something else instead.  What the heck? What was the whole point then? I thought it was an important test!  That was it for me.  I went in to sign my release form to have my medical records fax to a new obgyn.  The next day, I called to check the status and I was told they couldn't find the release form I signed. Seriously?  The lady told me to come in and fill out a new one. I decided to go in and just get the records myself.  When I get there, they're like, "Oh we found the release form." Pretty much they are disorganized!  It sucks because Dr. Walter is a great doctor.  :-( Giving a 2 star only because of him or less it would be 0.
1 Didn't realize how terrible this place was until I went somewhere else. Reason I went somewhere else is because they told me that I couldn't do my wellness check and std screening together- when I always have in the past. They wanted me to schedule two separate visits where I would have to pay two separate co pays.... I went to a new doctor and not only did she do it all in one visit she also gave me my birth control on the spot with no charge and without going to the pharmacy, and I also found out that the Estrella clinic had given me false information. This place treats you like a cattle not a person. I would never recommend this place
