4 Food was delicious, has a store too.
5 Food is totally awesome. The owner is great too, the only issue is that since she does everything, it's possible it takes forever to get service.  Restaurant, Clothing Store, and Grocery.
4 There ( almost ) is no need to hop the Marrakech Express since we have Alzohour Market right here in Phoenix. Islamic clothing , groceries and other items are sold here but there also is a very modest small Moroccan Restaurant and Bakery here. The food we tried was delicious. Service was VERY pleasant but terribly slow. I think it took them a half hour to bring our beverages. Only one  other small table was in the restaurant and our meal was a two hour stay so that should be noted. I also noticed that table of four people had each plate delivered to them one by one and NOT TOGETHER! I think it might be very hectic for them to serve more than two tables at a time.  We shared the B'Stilla. It's a Moroccan Appetizer. It's a very large House Made Phyllo Pastry stuffed with shredded chicken, almonds, and cinnamon. It very delicious and certainly unique. It really feeds four or more people but we wanted to try it.  Then we shared another Moroccan dish the Fish Tangine. It was Cod on a sizzling skillet in a Tomato based sauce with onions ,  bell peppers , preserved lemons and exotic spices. It was very fragrant and spicy! They gave us side salads and a big plate of fluffy long grain rice to share.  You can get Moroccan without the hassle of going to Marrakech.   This building is Halal that means no pork is in the building and a big wall of A Grade Maricopa inspection reports are posted on the window.
5 Fabulous food. The owner is terrific.  You won't be disappointed. We drove 40 miles and will do it again. We tried four dishes and the were all delicious.
3 A neighborhood ethnic place in yet another ubiquitous strip mall. I thought the food was good and the owners charming. I had the lamb shank with vegetables and cous cous. I thought is was good not great. It needed more seasoning and I relied on some red spicy sauce we all passed around to give it dimension. If I am ever in that neck of the woods again, I would definitely try one of the tangines.  We need to support places like this and enjoy the diversity in our neighborhoods!
5 Really, I can describe this place only in superlatives. I've been here multiple times now, and it has never disappointed. Everything is cooked fresh, the flavors blend beautifully, and the owner is pleasant and informative.
4 A friend and I shared a chicken  bastilla here and loved it. Along with its companion salad, it would easily have served three, maybe four lunchers. Our second lunch buddy had the Bosnian sausage, served with sour cream but not avjar, which pretty well matched that of the Sarajevo Cafe but was not quite as savory (perhaps less fatty, which for us is actually a good thing). Service was leisurely, but we expected that. So, all good, though I wish they had divided up the salad and maybe the bastilla on individual plates (tables are small and the ensuing plate clutter was significant) and offered our friend both sour cream and the peppery red sauce (avjar) that would have made the sausages more complex and delicious. Other than that, no complaints at all about the food. Can't wait to return for another bastilla.   I can't speak for the scope of the market, but I did find some interesting items and did not find their prices out of line, considering how small the operation is. Enjoyed seeing the colorful clothing, at least some of which is apparently sewn on site.   My friends and I lunch weekly and seldom repeat a restaurant, but we agreed this one is a keeper for all of us.
3 My friend found this small Moroccan grocery and invited me to stop by for dinner. The interior consists of a grocery and clothing section, and a tiny dining area. There was not much of ambiance as we were the only visitors on that evening. It's a one-person operation and the owner does everything from kitchen to the floor.   The Harira ($3.99) came with lentils, tomatoes, garbanzo beans and cilantro soup. The blend of ingredients and spices made it zesty hearty with a good lift stemming from a mix of lentil and cilantro. It was a light opener and one item to consider for those looking for soups.   The Baba Ghannouge ($4.99) came with baked eggplant, sesame sauce, garlic, and lemon. The thick eggplant consistency was garlicky and addictive. The zesty lemony flavor nicely intertwined with the deepening sesame sauce. However, the bursts of eggplant flavors were held in check and in need to be more striking.  The Bamiah ($12.99) was put together with a large bulky piece of simmered lamb, saffron, okra, and a combination of spices. The okra was very tasty and nicely stewed. The outer-layer of the lamb had some dry spots, but otherwise it was tender and easy to fork into. The mix of spices could also be more intense and integrated. It was missing one note that could have brought it all together.   The Goat Tagine ($14.99) was culminated by a large bulky piece of goat with the bone in, saffron, and spices. The goat too, had some dry spots on the outside, but it was still very tender and easy to fork into. The aroma was sensational, but I wished the goat were seasoned better.  Overall, the food was solid but not spectacular. There were some minor wow factors stemming from the soup and the wonder aroma of meat and spices. Despite the missing notes that could serve as a bridge between the meat and broth, but the drizzles were still very tasty when served on top of our generous servings of rice.   Service was very personable and friendly. It goes without saying, but the one-person operation will cause the food to take some time to arrive. I'd be very interested in coming back to try their good-looking Bastilla.
