5 Oh good laaaaawd, Carl's Jr can shove itself in my face hole anytime.  I have had a love affair with CJ since I was a little kid when I would fly down to Santa Maria from Seattle to stay with my Nana and Tata for the summers.  Sadly, this was due in part to the fact that my Nana cooks with gobs of lard (as some of your Nanas and Grandmas might also do - all old school style.  Yeah, you know those green and white Armour Lard boxes...) and CJ's was probably a healthier alternative.    Yeah, I said it.  I know I am going to hell but when you have to scrape off about two inches of lard to get to the pinquito beans underneath, while yes they are nom, they are not making you a shining example of nutrition and health.  But, as I am prone to do, I digress...  Oh Carl...sweet, sweeeeet Carl's Jr.  I had two burgers the week we were in Phoenix.  One mammoth burger was The Guacamole Bacon Six Dollar Burger™.  Per their website:  Charbroiled 100% Black Angus Beef Patty, Guacamole, Two Strips of Bacon, Two Slices of Melted Pepperjack Cheese, Lettuce, Two Slices of Tomato, Red Onions, and Santa Fe Sauce on a Toasted Sesame Seed Bun.  I swear it probs had about 9 days worth of calories and I didn't eat again for about 15 hours but gawd was it heavenly and spicy.  I wasn't expecting it to have such a hearty kick but my lips were a bit chapped and they buuuuuuuuuuuurned so good.  The bacon wasn't flibby, which is a hazard with fast food bacon.  It was crispy and chock full of bacon-y goodness.  The guac was spooshing out every bite but it was so tasty I would smear my fries through it.  Note - I ate only as many fries as I could slather with their guac (7 to be exact) cause the burger was so gynormo-pants and I wasn't about to waste space on their fairly nommy fries.  Super tasty red onion and fresh lettuce and tomato made my burger pretty dang yummy.  The day before we left we went back and this time my SUPER picky nephew (god love him - he's a-frickin-dorable) was delighted with their chicken strips and fries.  I had the Western Bacon Cheeseburger® which was MUCH smaller and probs only killed 4 days worth of calories.  Again, the bacon was nom and the onion rings and bbq sauce really hit the spot.  I didn't get fries with this burger but did try a Crisp Burrito from Green Burrito which is attached a la Pizza Hut/Taco Bell.  The crisp burrito was like a shorter, fatter, better Taco Time Crisp Beef Burrito and is served with their uber delectable guac.  All in all, I am VERY glad there are not Carl's Jrs in Seattle or I would be about 9 billion pounds.   ***Update***  There are *THREE* Carl's Jrs in Washington.  DAMMIT ALL!  I will just forget that I know this...one in Marysville, Renton and Covington...I can never go to those cities again.  Drat!
1 Carl's senior may have been on to something, but Carl's Jr. has messed up the family tradition. If anyone asks you if you'd like to go for a Hot Carl's, they probably don't mean this place, but either way, the answer is NO. Remember that.  This place is basically just Hardee's, but on the West Coast. It's not the worst fast food place ever, but it's an evil chain (like all other corporate chains) and so I don't suggest trying it. I came to this location in Phoenix, back in 2011 and it was just like all the others. It wasn't my idea to come.  I should mention, I only rate national and global chains on a scale of 1-2. I rate family businesses on a scale of 3-5. Here is why:  Would you rather support the local family, or the multi national corporations and the rich men on yachts in the Carribbean? Why are the parking lots of the awesome local places usually half empty (or completely empty)? Why are the fast food chains always so busy? Why can they afford to open so late and get all the TV advertising and all the prime intersection locations? Why are they taking over all the airports, stations, and rest stops? Why go and support McDonalds, Taco Bell, Burger King, KFC, Wendys, Cold Stone, Subway, and so on? These places have systematically and coldly taken over the national food scene by using the cheapest ingredients, pre-packaged frozen systematic meals that are identical across the nation, ridiculously cheap prices for the polystyrene food on dollar menus, overpricing for everything else, rude underpaid servers on way less than minimum wage, and a ridiculously expensive mass brand advertising campaign that gets inside the heads of all the kids and the 20somethings and keeps them under the illusion that if it's not a brand name, it's not worth visiting. They spend all the money they should be investing in food and service, in advertising and cornering the market - the local places can't compete - and someday all we will be left with is the same chains serving the same food all over the world. That is our future. It's the way we're heading and you know it. Every time you eat at a bland national chain, you buy into that, you support that. Boycott chains. Support your local eateries. It's an embarrassment that generic brand national chains are even listed on a proper foodie website like Yelp, let alone getting 4 and 5 stars from so called foodies. Wake up, America, before we're all just batteries in the matrix.
4 Went here late last night on the way home wasn't sure if it was open PLEASE ADD THAT IS OPEN 24hrs I was glad tho since I got the bacon avocado hamburger and some fried zucchinis which made my night will def return lots of stuff on the menu since it's a green burrito as well.
4 Best place for shakes!  Love the big burgers
1 Terrible customer service, staff arguing with each other. Slow slow slow!!! 20 minutes to get 3 cheese burgers and a small fry. It wasn't that they were overly busy, there might have been 10 people total.
