4 holy futuristic library batman! i think because my mom is a librarian i have a homing device for any and every library in every city i travel to. i just stumble upon them.   i came upon this branch as i wandered aimlessly through the metro center mall parking lot getting ogled and sweating like a leaky fire hydrant (mmm imagery!).  i asked about a guest pass to use the computers and was given a full use library card by a very friendly gentleman, whom, while he knew i was only here for a week, proceeded to detail the entire functionings of his branch and the other regional branches. he was enthusiastic so i didn't try to stop him.    the library is all bright yellows, reds and shiny steel. there are cool twists and turns of architecture and design and the computer equipment is very current and all of the staff members offered help since i looked so bedraggled.  if i didn't have tourist's guilt about actually going out and doing something, i would have stayed there all day reading.
4 Great selection of new books!  Their claim to fame besides the futuristic look mentioned by Erin, is really their new book selection.  You'll often find books recently mentioned in the press.    It's all self-check out but that's pretty much the name of the game now-a-days.    Just keep in mind when standing in line to check out or speak with guest services to "follow the yellow brick road."
4 I was relieved to learn, after moving to Peoria, that the Phoenix libraries only require you to be a Maricopa County Resident, and not specifically a Phoenix resident. I was also pleasantly surprised to learn that my closest branch - Cholla Branch - has a really good selection of children's books, fiction, and rock music. I hesitate to tell you this, because I really want the selection to be there when I go back next time. But really! A library branch with Flying Lotus, Beck, Michelle Shocked, Hooverphonic - I'm impressed. I didn't see much mainstream pop or rap music, and maybe that's the secret, since this branch is not as urban as my prior branch. Perhaps its proximity to Metro Center Mall ensures more teen traffic (and they have a huge teen section upstairs) and thus my alternamom music is more readily available because...well.. they just don't know what's good for them. ;)  The staff is also very friendly at this branch - while the staff at Burton Barr or Acacia were always helpful, it was always with a slight irritation. Cholla seems the best branch of those I've visited so far. Now let's hope that the recession doesn't find this branch closed before I get to check out all the CDs on my wish list.
4 I've spent a lot of time studying here recently for a pretty crazy test.  it's not the biggest library but it's the most convenient for me (right on the way home from work).  They've got some comfy chairs and a great selection of movies and cds as well.   All that being said, what has happened to our library system these days???  I feel like nobody respects it anymore and people talk on their phones, scream at their kids and have incredibly personal conversations at a loud volume in the study areas.  I wish the public library system would hire me and give me a nerf bat to beat overly loud strangers with.
4 Great selection of books Friendly staff Easy check-out system  The business hours are not so great and they are closed Fridays.
5 I've been coming to this library on and off for the past few months since I moved into my new apartment.  I started coming here in the fall to check out books, but found myself here a lot after my computer died in December.  I got to know some of the features of this library, and I have to say, this is one of the nicer branches I've been too.  For starters, its located in the mall circle of Metro Center Mall.  Yes, I know what your thinking, why would I want to go there? Well, its the closest library, and its not in the mall itself, just in the service drive!!  (leave your bulletproof vests and guns at home for this one, okay?)  The library has two floors, and is pretty modern in layout and technology.  Lots of computers for kids and adults, meeting rooms, and a bunch of other cool stuff to boot.  They rent books, movies, CD's and have several other services here as well, including english classes and a few others.  You can rent a room for like $5 an hour if you want to have a cool meeting spot as well!  The staff here is pretty friendly, and will help you with just about anything.  I've had to ask the librarians before for assistance, and they haven't failed me yet.  Membership here is free, and you can get a card on the spot if you want to check something out.  Also, they have self checkout which is pretty neat as well, and you can renew stuff online if it's easier for you do it that way.'s   The internet here is pretty quick, and there's like 25 or 30 computers to use here, but they fill up quick on Sundays, so get there when they open.   If your desperate, you can put in a PC reservation and get the next computer if you have to get online like I did.  Also, if you need a book or DVD and they don't have it at this branch, the librarians will look it up for you and tell you what branch you can pick it up from. Pretty cool, huh?  The library also has security guards here as well.  I don't know why, I mean it is Metro Center, but who know it could be such a rowdy place? LOL  There's one security lady that I see, and she's a bit snippy, BUT there's a hot security guy that works here, and we constantly make eyes at each other, so he's cool.  We keep checking each other out, so I guess its just a matter of time...(get it? checking each other out like books at the library?)   HAHAHA  Anyways, I gave an extra star for the sexy security guard, so it's all good!!! O, and if you go there have fun! Their closed on Fridays but open every other day of the week!
5 Love this library! I go here almost nightly.  There are around 30 computers upstairs for adults, and plenty of computers downstairs for the munchkins in your life. The computer speed is pretty good, and the computers rarely act up.   There are tons of books, CDs, DVDs, and magazines you can borrow. And if you forget to return them on time, you don't have to pay your fine at this library until it reaches some stratosphere-level dollar amount.  :-)   This library is plenty large, with lots of room for browsing and hanging out, with a fun decor. (When you park your car, and are approaching the library, look up. Even the outside matches the kind of funky, futuristic, mod that the inside has.) And if you bring your own laptop, there is comfy seating for you. The librarians and other staff members are very helpful, with Todd and Gary being especially obliging.   You don't have to be a Phoenix resident to get a library card here, and you may renew borrowed items on your phone or computer at home, or by calling their renewal phone number (which is on the back of your library card, even the little itty-bitty keyring card).   The only minor complaint I have about this library: The noise level gets a bit ridiculous at times, with their attitude being that it isn't 1975 anymore, and library patrons no longer have to be silent. (Okay, I get that, but sometimes it sounds like you're in someone's living room, with personal phone calls being made at full-volume speech, mothers singing songs to their children, and couples using one computer complete with running commentary on the YouTube vid they are watching. I mean, come on!)   All in all, I love this library, and recommend you come check it out. Oh, don't come on a Friday - they're closed.
4 This is a great branch and location but there are always a ton of screaming kids there. I miss the days when librarians would shush people.
4 I enjoy browsing the literature in the library, but I also come here to get Culture Passes for museums and gardens in the metro area. While the exterior design of the building is a bit puzzling, the location is very convenient - it is found along the circumferential road around the MetroCenter Mall and parking is never a problem. The library is spacious and well-lit, and the staff is friendly and very helpful.
5 This was one place I loved as a kid and I'm grateful it's still here for my kids :) it's always been a great library and the building itself has always been really cool looking :)
