5 Wow, great job on my dryer vent, looked like he pulled an animal out of there!  What really impressed me is that he showed me where my dryer vent pipe was improperly installed and took the time to align it properly.  Thanks!
3 OK, so I opened the damper to test the draft in my fireplace a few weeks ago, when the chill finally started to hit this desert of ours, and a ton of soot and a dead bird fell out. It was disgusting.   I figured I should have the fireplace cleaned BEFORE burning anything and called A Arizona Chimney Sweep.   I'm giving them 3 stars because I don't really know HOW you clean a chimney nor what I should be watching for... From a lay-person's perspective, they brought in a sheet to ensure the area stayed clean in front of the fireplace, wheeled in a big shop vac of some sort and vacuumed my fireplace (including up into the chimney area).   I am partially inclined to bump them up a star because the woman who scheduled the job was superb! She recognized I was interested in having someone come as soon as possible and let me know that if the guy got ahead of schedule, she would try to send him by that same day. In the meantime, she scheduled an appointment for a few days later to ensure I was on the books. He did finish up early and she did send him by. I was thrilled to be able to have a fire as planned!   I'm not bumping them up a star because: I'm not sure HOW the bird got in there. They never got on the roof to see if there was a problem up there.   But, they cleaned my fireplace and I guess that's what I hired them to do.   Solid 3 stars, A-OK!
5 Superior service from reception to the service tech Sean (sp?). You can't beat the spring time rate of $110.00 people! I was shocked at the amount of soot that fell out!  This company fit me in right away, the tech called me a half hour before his prompt arrival, and deftly set up and cleaned out the chimney in a snap. Five stars for a company this impressive!
5 I just hung up the phone with Becky the owner regarding a question about fireplace construction on a condo I just purchased.  She was extremely helpful and informative in helping me figure out why there is a 2" square hole in the base of the fireplace. We concluded together that it could be for increasing the draw or at one time was a passage for a gas line.  When it comes time for my chimney to be cleaned, I will definitely be calling Becky & Arizona Chimney Sweep.
5 This is my first time hiring a chimney sweep and am absolutely THRILLED with my experience. I went to Angie's List for a referral and decided to purchase A Arizona Chimney Sweeps Buy Now special based on everyone's rave reviews. The service guy called ahead as requested and arrived on time. He got right to work and was very careful about making sure all the dirt and debris was sucked up their vacuum system.  He was quick and efficient - in and out in under an hour. The cost was very reasonable and their work is top notch. The technician was very helpful in sharing some tips for burning wood since this is the first natural wood fireplace I have every owned.
5 Fast professional and extremely clean. Honest family run business
5 Excellent service, from the first phone call....to the service completed by Sean M.  Timely, and quality work!!  Can't wait to recommend to friends and family.  Thank you Arizona Chimney Sweep!!
5 We just recently bought a deal through our AAA membership to have our chimney swept through this company. They were great! No mess, and no hassles. The experience was positive and the work was done efficiently. I will definitely use this business again for future cleanings!
5 Great service! Chimney sweep done on Saturday by Sean. Prompt and knowledgable. I trust these guys- you should too! You have a lifetime customer! Thank you Sean, I know my family and chimney are in the best hands! Highly recommend, a++++ service!
5 These guys were great!  Arrived on time, professional and didn't leave a mess.  Will definitely hire again!
5 Came out quickly, did a full cleaning, installed cap, and for a good price. Will use again.
5 First, making the appointment was very simple and the lady I spoke with was super nice.  Then, on the day of appt., Alex called and said he was ahead of schedule and he could come earlier if that was okay.  Sure!  So he arrived an hour early, cleaned our chimney, installed a cap, gave us first time fireplace owners some tips, and was out the door all in an hour.  He was very nice, there was no mess and we would very highly recommend this company to anyone.  We will absolutely be using them for any future chimney or dryer vent needs!!
5 The service was great! No mess and they were finished with the chimney in 30 minutes- I've already referred them to a friend!
5 I had an appointment set for 5pm, and they arrived right on time. Justin and Dax cleaned our fireplace and did it quickly and neatly. Both are real friendly, customer service was top notch. I will be using them for all our fireplace needs. I highly recommend this company.
5 I would recommend Arizona Chimney Sweep in a heartbeat!  I researched many websites for dryer vent cleaning, read reviews on BBB, and finally decided on Arizona chimney.  I had 2 townhouses, that needed dryer vent cleaning, and they did a fantastic job.
5 I highly recommend Arizona Chimney Sweep.  They were prompt, courteous, clean, and quick.  They charged a fair price and even helped me out with a potential fire hazard.  It doesn't get any better.
5 I used AZ Chimney Sweep to clean my fireplace. They did a great job. They were punctual and efficient. The process was about 30 minutes. They answered all my questions. The prices were fair. I will use them again!
5 I needed a rain cap and didn't know where to start so I checked Yelp and read the raving reviews for this company. I called and had the cap installed by the early afternoon on the same day! They were professional, courteous, timely, and efficient. I would recommend this company highly!
