3 It's Western-wear heaven for the city slicker at this cavernous temple to Wranglers, stetson hats, and Justin boots.  What was I doing here, you ask?  Turns out my buddy is gittin hitched - and he's havin a country weddin.  He's gonna git 'er done!!  Fair prices and huge selections of Wranglers, button-up shirts, and hundreds of boots (work and cowboy) for men, women and kids.  Workers are friendly and knowledgeable.
5 Oh Cowtown Boots, I love you. You get five stars.  You get five stars for no other reason than that you had my red boots, the red boots i couldn't find anywhere around San Francisco (duh, self, did you really think you'd find an extensive selection of cowboy boots in San Francisco??).  You get five stars because I couldn't even get those boots through the manufacturer for like a year, no joke. Backordered.  You get five stars because you had TWO PAIRS. "Do you have them in a 6 1/2?" "Um... yeah two pairs." Oh that's... wait what? Two pairs! vs. a year! Two pairs wins! F*ck yeah!! You get five stars because you are a boot warehouse... a boot COUNTRY... maybe even a BOOT CONTINENT.  You made me want to be a cowgirl. You made me want to be a redneck. You made me want MORE BOOTS (but not your gross cowboy clothes).  I'm probably like, the youngest, least conservative person to ever shop there, but YOU HAD MY RED BOOTS. And now IIIII have them. And I am so pleased. And for that you get five stars.
5 Cowtown Boots has the biggest and best selection of cowboy/girl/children boots I've seen yet. Came here on the recommendation of a lovely saleslady in Cave Creek (I balked at the $400 boots her store was selling) and am so glad! There are soooo many different kinds of boots in terms of brand, styles (pointy toe, round toe, square toe, snipped toe), shaft heights (short to tall), colors (pink to purple to blue to normal shades of brown and black), and prices (saw some pairs for as low as $80). The men's section is giant however the ladies' section is definitely better than what I've seen at stores in Cave Creek or Saba's.   The sales people were nice and left me alone when I needed (a lot of) time to make a decision but also were able to chime in with information on different brands & fit. The store also had a pretty large selection of straw cowboy hats & men's belts.  If you are looking for a pair of cowboy boots, this is definitely the store for you! I love the pair I got from here.
1 Worst customer service ever got there at closing time all ready had my boots picked out just had to pay for them... glad this happened tho I have a party of 14 in my wedding that needed boots Def won't be coming back
