5 I LOVE RAYS PIZZA! When I first moved here, I hated the idea of having to go to a pizza hut, but then i saw ray's pizza and thought i would give it a chance..omg and I am so GLAD i did lol They have NY style pizza.. I love their cheese pizza, definately one of a kind. plus its right down the street!
1 This pizza is absolutely foul! I can't believe that anyone likes this place!  It's so disgusting and greasy.  I ordered sausage and it was shredded and salty.  So gross.  And what's the deal with having them on every corner?  Worse than Starbucks!  I swear there are about 3 or 4 within about 5 miles of my house on Carefree Highway!
1 when i first moved here I thought this pizza place was the bomb but apparently I came on a good day. I have ordered pizza twice since my last post and have been disgusted. I asked the girl on the phone for a bbq chicken pizza, and she says they can make it. So when I came to pick up my order, the pizza literally had hot wings on top... HOT WINGS!  i have never seen a bbq CHICKEN pizza with hot wings on top, however despite the disapointment in my pizza and the rude service, I figured I'd "try" it. I was repulsed, tossed the pizza and called papa johns. NEVER AGAIN.
3 The pizza isn't bad and the prices are fair
2 Sketchy inside this place and it's unlike most Ray's in the valley.  The kitchen prep area isn't as viewable as most places, staff looked really scruffy and unkept, and the pizza was mediocre.  Found a solid piece of something in my ice once it melted.
4 I haven't tried this place until tonight even though it's one of three choices of food nearest to the house. Plus I had read reviews and obviously assumed I shouldn't waste my time even going.  But, tonight I was offered to have take out brought back to me, and I decided to order the hot eggplant parmesan hoagie. This was a major leap of faith because most places I go can't even make a regular eggplant parm the right way (where the eggplant slices are paper thin and all you end up tasting is the fried coating) So the fact that I went with this choice worried me.  The food arrived in barely closed tinfoil wrapping the sandwiches, but the smell was appetizing. After the first few bites I realized this was probably one of the best hot subs I've ever had. The eggplant was delicious and the flavor came through perfectly, even with all the bread, sauce, and cheese covering it. I think I saw a few big slices of onion and tasted them as well. The bread was soft and chewy but crispy and toasted on the outside. It was cut in half, and usually I would leave one half for leftovers. This wasn't one of those situations. I ended up finishing the entire sub! Delicious.  I can't say anything about service or interior because I didn't go, but I will be headed there sooner or later to try more food! So after that I will give a review of the in person experience, and second time dining. Maybe this was a beginners luck type of deal, who knows. But I will say I am surprisingly satisfied and full and that to me is all that matters!
1 OMG don't waste your time.  Went in for a couple slices of pepperoni,  what I got well not quite sure.  Looked like pre cooked frozen and thawed then placed with pepperonis on it and re heated greasy horrid mess.  The dough tasted like a bad bisquick mix recipe turned into a pizza dough.  Taste mediocre at best.  The place is dirty with dust webs hanging off of fake plants on the wall, tables have a layer of grease on them that feels like its been a loooooonnnnnggggg time since properly cleaned.  SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!
3 This is an older review, from a few months ago..just getting time to finish it! :o)  We went to Ray's Pizza because I had to get my tire changed at Discount Tire. This place seems a little run down and the staff seems a bit unkept.....smoking right outside and then comes in to make the pizza. I actually found a very friendly staff and good pizza. We had the veggie pizza. Cooked perfectly and not greasy at all. I was pleasantly surprised. I would recommend for taste and the friendliness.
