1 I went in for a routine oil change and was told that there were $750 worth of critical repairs needed to my front and rear brakes.  I took my vehicle to Honest-1 on 59th Ave for a second opinion and none of the repairs were needed.  Beware of their recommendations, they can cost you!
5 I am am a small business owner and Jeff at Brakes Plus takes care of my service vehicles and my personal vehicle. Honest and fair priced. They always get the work done in a timely fashion. They always give me options when it comes to fixing the vehicles. Artie- Phoenix,AZ
5 This Brakes Plus location gets 5 stars for service.  They are the nicest bunch of guys in the auto repair/maintenance industry that I have ever encountered.  They don't try to force repairs on you that aren't necessary at the moment and keep it real.  They were short handed one day when I scheduled my routine oil change and they asked if they could reschedule and my oil change would be free.  And of course it is much cheaper than the dealership with the same quality if not better service.
5 I love the honesty of the techs here. I'm a girl and don't know too much about cars, and I've had several friend tell me I need new front and back brake pads and new back rotors. I was expecting to be spending a lot of money, and they could have easily jipped me lol but they let me know all I will need is new brake pads and that my rotors were both repairable. I'm so happy with their honesty! I would recommend them to anyone!
5 I recommend scheduling an appointment as these guys are pretty busy. I scheduled an appointment for an alignment and oil change. Courteous staff was helpful, honest and completed services for a fair price. I will definitely return for future auto needs.
1 They gave me a quote of over five hundred dollars that included new rotors and brake pads for the back brakes. I took It to a mechanic I trust and was told the back brakes still had 75% life and rotors were fine. I ended up paying $189 for job. I would not recommend this business as I feel they are very dishonest.
