4 The place was clean The service was nice The food was ... well it is Taco Bell.   We had a few things for a quick lunch. I tried the beef enchirito and a beef griller. I loved the griller thing. Kid #1 had a combo burrito and #2 had a nachos with meat and cheese only.   While the meal was fine the price was just right! That is why they are still around. CHEAP and QUICK.
5 Its Taco Bell! If you have ever been to a Taco bell, you know what you are getting. =)
2 I know I'm not paying for 5 star service at a Taco Bell, but sheesh!   When we arrived, there were 2 other people in the entire place.  We stood near the registers ready to order but there was nobody there to help. After a minute or two, a man came to take our order.  He definitely loved his job... not.  After Mr. Ray of Sunshine took our order he forgot to give us our drink cups and walked away.  I volunteered to wait at the register to get the drink cups while the rest of the party I was with sat down.  The girl working the drive through window kept looking over and ignoring me as I stood there trying to get her attention.  She kept huffing and puffing and stomping around.  Finally after looking at me six times (yes I counted) she says "Ugh, did somebody help you?" I mentioned that we did not receive our drink cups.  So she stomped over and goes "here" and slams our drink cups on the counter.  Wow, sorry for making you take an extra 4 steps to help a customer when there is no one even in the drive through line!    After the drink cup fiasco, it took about 15 minutes to get our food.  Once again I know I'm not paying for 5 star service, but I could probably make the tacos I ordered faster in my own kitchen.  Especially when there are only 5 people in the whole restaurant.   We finally got our food and started eating. Then an employee still in uniform starts noisily talking on his cell phone behind the counter about how "I'm getting off work in about 10 minutes, blah blah blah, let's make our entire nights plans while being extremely rude to the customers".  Can't this conversation wait until you are off work?! This was highly unprofessional... and annoying.  Aside from the aggravating customer service, the restaurant was clean and my tacos turned out decent.   All in all, I would suggest using the drive though, at least then you have minimum contact with the extremely rude employees.  Or better yet, go to a different Taco Bell with pleasant employees.
4 A great place to eat, and you do not spend a lot of money.  Their quesarito is not as good as Chipotle's, but it is a lot cheaper.  But, I still enjoy it overall.
