3 I've gone here twice and both times I have seen Adriana.  I have been happy with the work done to my hair, but I am frustrated with the customer service I recieved after the fact.  About 20 minutes after I had left, I called becuase I realized I had forgotten my re-usable water bottle.  I left a message for my stylist, and then stopped by a few days later to pick it up.  No one knew what I was talking about, they took my number and said I would get a call back.  Never happened.  I stopped by again, and the gentleman working behind the counter actually asked me what was so important about the water bottle..  Like it matters.   Anyway, they do a great job but apparantly don't pay attention to things that may get left behind.. And I am sure it happens all the time at salons considering you sit there for an extended period of time.. anyway, I would go back, but for a while...
5 The young hip mom that cuts my hair is AWESOME!! I always go to her. She been cutting my hair for the last 2 years. Her name is ANESSA!! Ask for her. She use to work at Steven Paul Salon in Scottsdale.  When you go inside it seems really BIG because of the mirrors that are plastered throughout the place. It's a good place to mingle, but most of the people their god there for a specific stylist, but I think they have walk-ins.   Like what Aimee said "this place is a hidden gem".
3 My bf usually gets his hair cut at a salon in L.A. but we just didn't have the time to make the trip right now.  So he tried this place.  When I called to make an appointment, they were pretty nice and recommended Shannon.  When we drove there, it was pretty surprising for two reasons:  1.  We didn't know that a cute outside shopping mall like that existed in Mesa  2. The salon looked HUGE from the outside (after we went in, it was obvious that it was an illusion created by tons on mirrors)  Anyway, when we went in, Shannon came over right away and started to work on my bf's hair.    *Hair cut = Pretty good and FAST.  Of course it is not as nice and precise as the cut he can get in the L.A. area but it is good enough to get by until the next trip to L.A..   *Price = cheap -  it was $25 for the cut  *Service = descent *Atmosphere = very cute and looks very clean
5 I've been going to this salon for over two years now, and I'm just getting to yelping.  My stylist is Shalisse and she is fantastic!  About a year and a half ago, I had Shalisse cut about 18 inches off of my hair.  I just went in and said, "Cut it.  Do whatever you think would be flattering."  Since then, I've received more compliments on my hair than I have the other 34 years of my life.  She didn't just give me a great cut, she gave me a cut & style that is easy to maintain.  Its cut so well that all I have to do is blow it dry and spray a little product in it and it's perfect.  It takes less than 10 minutes for me to look like I just walked out of a salon.  AND the prices are affordable!  I can't say enough about Shalisse.  She's incredibly competent, she listens to what you want/don't want, and she's a genuine sweetheart to boot.  I moved out of Mesa a year ago but I still make the drive (from faaar N. Scottsdale) every six weeks to LeStudio.
4 If you're going to Le Studio, definitely, definitely, ask for Shannon.   I've been seeing her for a few years now, followed her from her last salon to Le Studio. I even flew back in from California while on break to have her do my hair. I have dark hair that has been bleached to a light blonde, and let me say that it is rare that someone has it come out the way that I like it. However, Shannon manages to do it perfect every time. She's fantastic and such a doll. I even had my mom start seeing her for haircuts as well. Le Studio is a great place, the location is in downtown Mesa which is a little far from me, but I'd make the drive.
5 I had a great experience!  I went in with super long hair that I was just over and didn't really know what to do with it.  I saw Myra (sp?) and said "help me!"  She did an awesome job making my hair super cute.  She was really friendly and nice.  I would definitely go back!
4 Very professional and friendly to this visitor from cold Chicago here for Cubs spring training. Fit me in last minute. Great wax and pedicure - personalized service. Highly recommend.
5 Sabrea is the only person from any salon I'll trust to do my hair! I followed her from Ralf's salon in Scottsdale.. It's worth the drive!! She's current with ALL new trends and she's cutting edge in the hair care industry!!  I get stopped all the time in public- people ask me about my hair. All thanks to Sabrea!!!
5 I went to Le Studio for the first time today and got a hair cut and low lights. I must say it has to be the best haircut and color i have had so far, the stylist definitely listened to what i wanted and i got the results i wanted and some. I would recommend this Salon to anyone, i watched everyone there and they all do a really good job. I cannot wait for my next appointment :) Ask for Denise she is great!
5 I love Le Studio.  I have been to several people there and have loved the results. Whitney is awesome.  Sabrea did my make up for wedding and a few occasions, Carla has done my eyebrows, and they were both great. I just spent 5 hrs with Whitney and she transformed me!  I got the perfect ombré hair that I have been trying to get, then she tinted my eyebrows, waxed my eyebrows, tinted my eyelashes and then gave me eyelash extensions for a wedding.  She was awesome and I felt amazing when I left her chair.  I have gone to le studio for many years now and it has yet to disappoint.
4 1/5: I went in to get a cut due to all the good reviews here. The girl who cut my hair was not attentive and was talking to someone else the entire time. All she did was wash my hair, brush it down & trimmed it from the bottom w/ a comb. She didn't even section off my hair to cut it! I was so disappointed. The entire process was about 15min. Waste of $45.  UPDATE: 5/5- After given the opportunity to try Le Studio again I had a much better experience. I saw Trent & he did an amazing job with my hair. He was also super nice & easy to talk to. Thanks Trent, looking forward to going back.
5 I love Debbie at Le Studio...she does an awesome job and I have not went to anyone else in AZ since I moved here 6 years ago from IL.
5 Just got a shellac manicure from Kathy Rea!  They always look amazing!  I am high maintenence and always want glitter too but she always has such great suggestions and color combos!  Gorgeous salon and Kathy Rocks!!
2 I made my appointment for an underarm wax 4:15 and when I arrived I was told to come back in 15 minutes because I missed my 4pm appointment. I tried to explain that my appt time was in fact 4:15, but the girl was already in the middle of another person's haircut. I went back and she said that I was right after all. She was nice about it, at least. Even though I've been waxed before she was very informative and thorough, explaining everything she was going to do. She was nice and made great small talk. The website quoted a wax at $15+, and maybe I've been spoiled by my other waxer, but I was surprised when it came to $30, especially when she commented over and over again that I didn't really need the wax and should have waited another week.   Considering there are so many waxing places, it is very unlikely I will go back. It's very convenient to my home, but not at that cost. If you are looking for a better wax, go see Deyna at Wax On Wax Off.
5 This place is AMAZING! If you wanna come here make an appointment with Adriana. She does a great job and she is so sweet! I have a completely different look and I love it. Best hair cut I have ever gotten.
5 Stephanie cut and colored my hair on Thursday, love my cut and the golden color tones that she added to my hair. Definately will have her again. Thank you thank you!
5 I found this place when I first moved to the valley.  There was an instructor in one of my gym classes who had amazing hair, so of course I asked her where she went and who her stylist was.  I have been going to Le Studio ever since, which I just realized is almost 7 years now!  Karla does a great job with both cut and color, and is super friendly.  I'm not normally one of those gals who likes to sit and gab when I'm getting my hair done, but it's just so much FUN to chat with Karla.  Always makes the time fly by.
5 Laurent and Sue added extensions to my hair today.  I am so pleased with the hair, bonds, color, and cut!  The owners, Laurent and Sue are so friendly and sweet, it's like spending the afternoon with close friends.  Plus, I instantly have long, beautiful hair!    Whitney worked on my color and cut, and Laurent and Sue managed the extensions, all perfect!  Love it!
5 Janet does the most fabulous job with gel nails and pedicures.  I've gone to Janet for many years and I have never had a fungal infection - unlike previous experiences at cheapo Vietnamese salons.  Janet offers a wide array of art work (check out Pinterest) for nails.  She now uses Footlogix line of pedicure products which are the best I've ever seen.  My feet are usually dry and scaly (ugh!) a week after getting a pedicure - dry skin has become a problem as I get older.  The Foot Logix line has been a saving grace.  It's a little pricey, but totally worth it for at home use.  Janet is very open to client input for artwork ideas - so let your imagination run wild!
5 I had an appointment last night with Tatiana and she was amazing!  I had a specific color in mind and she was super confident  that she could deliver and was just as excited about the change as I was!  She paid special care and attention to my hair and always made sure I was comfortable.  She was really good with suggesting what we could do with my hair next and I'll definitely take her guidance and book my next appointment in a few weeks.  I haven't even mentioned my haircut. I had a dull length and I was having a difficult time styling it.  She totally understood what I was, undoubtedly, having a hard time trying to describe to her and exuded confidence that she could give me something much easier to maintain. Tatiana gave my a layered style that was super easy for me to do on my own this morning. I didn't think of it last night, but I wanted to write this review today because everyone stopped me and praised how awesome my hair looks! I'm so super excited how my color and cut turned out and I'll definitely be returning to Tatiana at Le Studio. She deserves 10 stars!
5 My first visit to this salon was wonderful. Great customer service by the Owners and staff. Sabrea did a wonderful job on my cut and color. Luv the atmosphere and location.
5 Where do I begin....LeStudio is an absolute Diamond in the Rough!  An absolute beautiful salon located in downtown Mesa but SOOOOO worth the drive!  And as the other posters have commented when you go into LeStudio it is like being with family.  No matter who you are worked on by, know that you are given service unsurpassed by any other salon in the Valley.  I love them all.   My personal stylist is Sabrea and I have been with her now over 5 years.  Sabrea, Joe Blow and Robin have made my family gorgeous time after time!!  If you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place!  They are all VERY talented and both Sue and Laurent have done an awesome job forming this team!
2 Well I made a good review about a year ago, I had a good experience with Trent but then I went once more and did not like him telling me, I had a lot of hair, I mean once it was OK but then by the third time it was a complain. So I believe he chose the wrong profession. Next time I went to another stylist but had me sitting there for four hours she was taking care of a relative , then I tried another one, kind of good then he went really off , very rough to the point I had a headache for a week and then found out my hair was burnt. So I believe, the first time is ok then they seem not to care .The only  good thing here is the manicure very talented, and really very nice
5 I recently moved back to Arizona and was in need of a new stylist. Tatiana came highly recommended by my daughter. I received one of the best cuts and highlights I've had in a long time. It was as if I had been a client forever. Tatiana nailed it. I'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services.
5 This place is so beautiful and welcoming! Denise Negron does my hair here and she is the sweetest thing ever. There's stylist out there that don't listen to what you want and what you're going for and instead try to push their own styles and opinions on you. Denise is just the opposite. She listens and asks questions to make sure it is exactly what you want! And she's so talented! Every picture I've showed her she accomplishes without a sweat! Love Her!!!
5 I have been a regular client of Le Studio Salon for 10 years, and I often refer my friends here. My review is specifically for ADRIANA, my stylist for the past 10 years. She is simply the BEST! She is always courteous, timely, and professional. Her skills are EXCEPTIONAL. My hair and brows are always done to perfection; I can truly say that in 10 years I have always left happy with her work. She never cut my hair too short or left it too long. Always perfect! I also don't like the same cut over and over. She is always wonderful at helping me select a new look/style that will flatter my features. She gives great advice, but also listens and is receptive to what I want. She's the only person who managed to make my difficult brows take a natural, beautiful shape, that's why I stuck with her. Suffice to say that when I moved from Arizona to Sterling, Colorado, and now that I have permanently relocated to the Bay Area I STILL continue to travel to Mesa just to see her once a month! Okay, I get to see friends and family too, but I dread the day I have to find someone new to do my brows. I'm convinced no one can possibly be as amazing as Adriana. Luckily, I can always make it back to Mesa frequently enough for her to cut and style my hair because I refuse to let anyone else touch it. I am not particular about many things, but once you know what exceptional quality service is like, especially when your appearance depends on it, you realize it's worth waiting and traveling for!  In regards to the rest of the salon and staff:  I like the atmosphere. The staff has aways been kind and helpful. My friends, family, and I have never had a negative experience here.
