5 Always great service, join Presidents Club for great deals, its hard to not be happy when you are getting ready to go CAMPING!!!
5 Fabulous Experience.  Things were explained, demonstrated so I could understand what they were - I'm a total newly at this and they were okay with it!  Our sales person David Roy was the absolute best.  If you go, see Dave and tell him I sent you.  If you buy from David, he'll send me a gift card to spend in their Camping World Store!  And you know, with a new toy there's so many things you need for it!
4 Thank you for stocking so many large items!! makes things very easy when i need a AC unit, furnace, 3 way refrigerator, ceiling fans with remotes, central computer unit for monitoring tank levels, RV toilet, 45 amp power converter, jacks and a 3" 10,000lbs towing ball today
1 We had a negative experience at Camping World regarding our potential RV purchase on April 10, 2013.  The Camping World we visited was in Mesa, Arizona (2222 E Main st., Mesa, AZ). We were working with sales person RYAN. (Young Caucasian with furr on his teeth)  RYAN found a used RV that came in on trade that he thought we may be interested in. Camping World hadn't gotten the unit yet, but we were told we could view the used RV soon. To have Camping World's salesman hold the unit for us- he recommended we put a refundable hold deposit of $1000 down, and Ryan (The furry toothed salesman) assured us the deposit was refundable. We also hadn't actually looked at the RV yet, but thought the RV could be a potentially great unit to buy- so we left the $1000 refundable sight unseen deposit.  For personal reasons, we elected to continue our RV search and asked to get our refundable deposit returned.  Obtaining our refundable deposit did not go so smoothly!  I went to Camping World to thank Furry Toothed RYAN for his time, but we decided to take our REFUNDABLE $1000 DEPOSIT back and continue our RV search. This is when RYAN collaborated with his unprofessional Money Hungry Sales Manager to notify him that I was there to get back our deposit and release the hold on the RV we hadn't seen and continue our RV search. This is where these bogus money hungry salesmen began to RAZZ me, a Female Client. Rudely interrogating me with comments like "Why do you want your deposit back... We've spent a lot of time locating this RV for you"... Then proceeded to laugh at me like a load of overweight hyenas when I stated that we are simply going to continue our search for the perfect RV for our family and that we would like our refundable deposit back.  I am embarrassed with Camping World, and the Mesa, Arizona Camping World Team should be ashamed of themselves.  I followed up with our furry toothed salesman RYAN via email to share our camping world experience.  I'd like to add that RYAN proclaimed to my hubby (over the phone on April 16, 2013) that him and the sales team were rude to me and interrogated me because they were frustrated on their end because they spent a lot of time locating RV's for us to look at. (Um hey dirtbags, we were shopping for the perfect RV for us, we weren't in the market to just buy something y'all "worked so hard to find"... Get a real job lazy schmucks, locating an RV on a computer isn't rocket science.)  I'd like to respond to RYAN by saying that his frustrations are very trivial compared to what we have to manage on a daily basis. I'd also like to explain to RYAN and the Mesa, AZ Camping World Sales Team that asking for our refundable deposit, whatever the reason, doesn't call for disrespect and interrogation of a female client.  We were looking to purchase a new fifth wheel RV, and were not desperate to just buy anything. We have a very unique living situation, and we were preparing to spend 10's of thousands of dollars on a new RV- and when making this decision, we weren't going to make a purchase until we found the fifth wheel of our liking. A fifth wheel that we love, 100%.  After putting down a refundable depoit on a used fifth wheel that we hadn't actually looked at- we decided to continue on with our search for a new fifth wheel.  Camping World's Sales Team in Mesa, Arizona were so desperate to make a sale, that they literally disrespected and interrogated me when I told them we elected to take our refundable deposit back- and continue our search for the perfect RV for our family.  This is unacceptable, and I certainly do not appreciate my experience with Camping World.  I'd strongly advise buyers to be aware of this when choosing to Shop for RV's at the Mesa, AZ Camping World.
1 I recently wen't to camping world thinking of trading in my RV and purchasing a new one. They bait you into their office and then switch pricing and terms on you last minute. The pressure they placed on us was uncomfortable and then they became rude when they tried to trick us out of our original agreement. I would suggest you stay away and take your business elsewhere.
1 I don't even know where to begin!  My continued disappointing experience with dealing with Camping World has been going on since buying our first RV in Nov, 2013.  They told us when we bought our coach that a 144 point inspection would be done so ALL systems will be in good working order when we pick it up.  Every time we take the coach out we discover systems that do not function.  Finallyl after being in for so many problems (CW said were fixed and weren't) we decided to have an inspection done on it after only owning it for 6 months.  Our mistake for not knowing to do it in the first place.  We would have never bought it.  Monaco referred us to a mechanic that deals with our brand.  He called us within hours telling us the long laundry list of things that are broken, leaking, shorted out, etc.  Now if CW truly did this 144 point inspection that they bragged about of their service department, don't you think they would have noticed these things?!  Shame on you Camping World!  Your management & service department lack integrity and ethics!  I would strongly recommend NOT EVER doing business with CW!
2 The jury is out on the service department at the Mesa camping world. They just opened recently so they deserve a break. My first several encounters are not extremely positive but I expect that will turn around I hope
2 The service part person was rude and had a bad attitude.  We will go to the Internet for parts next time rather than making the drive. The two stars was for the nice selection of things in the store.
