4 I attended a family wedding here this past weekend; it's a unique event space, and I'd say it's ideal for a spring evening wedding.  We were told that another wedding took place there simultaneously, but we had no idea at the time. We entered the ceremony through a little house- pictures and the seating cards were on a table inside. Behind it, chairs and the DJ set up in front of a gazebo. Cocktail hour and dancing took place in another building behind that, and dinner was outside on tables arranged around a small pond.  The setting is like a fairy-tale secret garden. Lovely for a wedding, and I can see Christmas parties and other personal events being lovely.
2 Woah. The Wright House has soooo much potential, but they fail big time.   I was a bridesmaid a couple of weeks ago at a wedding and reception that were held at the Wright House. I actually told my friend the bride that if I were in her shoes I would not tip her coordinator (Tiffany) a dime. Reasoning below: 1. Tiffany told us that she would be near the wedding and visible all night, We could NEVER find her and all 4 bridesmaids would have to go looking for her if we had a question/issue.   2. When we were doing the rehearsal, we had issues with some of the bridesmaids sinking into the grass, instead of offering a solution we got a snide "I cant pour concrete in one day" remark from her. Not cool. The brides step dad brought 2 stepping stones from his own yard for the girls to stand on, problem solved.   3. Tiffany told us that the bridal suite would be locked AT ALL TIMES and that we could leave our purses and valuables in there. She said to just come find her (ya right) when ever we needed anything. On 5 occasions through out the night I went to the room and it was UNLOCKED each time and no Tiffany in sight. Not cool. The Wright House is on a very busy street and any one could walk off the street and right inside and could have taken our things.   4. I thought the DJ was our personal butler! Before the reception got started he took the whole bridal parties drink order, brought us our drinks and got us refills when we needed. I didn't realize he was the DJ until it was time to get the reception started. You would think that Tiffany would maybe check on us like he did, no such luck.   5. When the bride went back the following day to get the rest of her stuff, some things had been misplaced and not kept safe like Tiffany had told her they would be.   As for the place itself. The garden/ceremony area is sooo beautiful and very well maintained.   The reception hall and bridal suite on the other hand is a JOKE. The carpets in the bridal suit were filthy! The reception hall had decorative tables displaying flowers and such, the tables were shabby and you could see broken off pieces just hanging from them.    Its a shame. This place could really be nice. It needs updating, cleaning and a new staff.
5 I held my wedding reception at the Wright House, in the Provence Garden.  I loved our experience, from beginning in planning stages till we boarded our limo that whisked us to our hotel!  The grounds are beautiful & scream European elegance, Marylin was amazing to work with, Tiffanie was an awesome "Day Of Coordinator", Travis was great with my music requests and genre choices, Clive was an extraordinary photographer, Madison Avenue catered exquisite food, and Buttercream Cakery made a delicious cake-all preferred vendors of the Wright House.  Any chance I get, I share my experience with The Wright House to brides to be, in hopes to continue their thriving business.
4 This place is so beautiful, I would say if you're looking for a fairy tale type of wedding then this is the venue for you. My fiance and I toured the property which is separated into two venue areas. One is called the Provencal and the other is the secret garden or something along those lines. Both places are gorgeous, however we were leaning more towards the Provencal because it contains this beautiful fountain in the center and would make a very ideal outdoor spring wedding. The only reason why we didn't go with them was because a) The prices were a little too much above our budget, b) We didn't want to structure our wedding around beautiful weather and wanted to play safe in case our wedding were to get rained in. A very beautiful venue though!
3 They are over priced for what you receive.  Simple things like ice are not provided.  The place is in need of repair.  The chairs are worn out, tables are shoddy.  They did not set up enought tables so our guests had no place to sit eventhough I paid for more guests than we actually had that night.  Also our coordinator who was supposed to be available to me and by my side all night..no where had to hunt her down everytime.  Also watch out all their vendors like Bartender Bob are a joke.  DJ was poor as well as the serving staff all recommended by the Wright House.
5 I can't believe I haven't written a review for the Wright House yet!  We had our wedding reception here two years ago, and it was one of the most beautiful days of my life!  We opted for the Garden venue, but Provencal is also gorgeous with a French vibe.  The Garden venue is exceptional - I would describe it as maybe a Victorian look?  It completely took my breath away when I first saw it.  I love that it's so spacious, yet enclosed, so that allowed some of our younger guests to run around without us worrying that they would run out into the streets.  There are just so many wonderful things I can say about this venue, but I especially want to give a shout-out to the staff.  We worked with two different coordinators - terrible that I can't remember their names - and both were extremely helpful.  We worked with one leading up to the wedding, dealing with booking the place and deciding on the decor, arrangements, etc.  And then we worked with our day-of coordinator who helped ensure that everything ran perfectly that day.  They were both very personable, and we enjoyed working with them very much.  Not only did the Wright House provide us with the absolutely perfect backdrop for our wedding day, but the staff made the day run seamlessly and flawlessly.  Oh, and did I mention that there are a gazillion places to take pictures at?  Almost every spot I turned to, I thought, this would be an awesome picture.  And it always was. :)
5 I had a beautiful wedding service at the Wright House last May.  We were looking for a pretty, outdoor location for a small, intimate wedding (about 20 guests).  This was the perfect spot.  They had an opening within six weeks (trying to beat the summer heat) at 9 a.m. on a Saturday and gave us a great rate.  Our pictures are gorgeous.  We didn't use any of the vendors or wedding coordinator, but all went smoothly and everyone commented on how beautiful it was and what a nice time they had.
5 We had the perfect event. I love the fact that my daughter's wedding was absolutely perfect. She wanted a non-desert venue with lots of greenery and flowers and The Wright House was the place we chose. Their prices were within our budget and our wedding planner, Stacy, was very helpful and made the event go very smooth. We really didn't have to stress about any of the logistics of the day.  Close to the end of the evening, my husband and I sat back and relaxed knowing that our daughter's wedding went off without a hitch. I would make this choice again without a doubt.
