5 Just had four fillings done by Dr. Erik Pease at his practice in East Mesa. I haven't been to the dentist in 12 years so I was a bit hesitant. His staff was way awesome - very friendly and smiling all the time - they really put me at ease right away. I really recommend this dentist and I am offering his services to my 16 employees of my moving company because he offered them a group discount.
5 I had a great service provided by the Dr. Pease team.  The office staff was proffesional and knowledgable.  They were ready for me at my appointment time, which is important to me because I don't have alot of free time.  The hygenist was very knowledgable and gave me tips to help maintain hard spots to clean in my mouth.  Dr. Pease was relaxed and confident and showed a sincere care for my oral health   I look forward to having my teeth serviced at Dr. Pease for many years to come!
1 I was a patient of Dr Pease's office for about 18 months.  Due to recent experiences, I've decided to search for a dentist to replace Dr. Pease.  In the time I was a patient, Dr Pease was never in the office when i was there for my appointments, so I never met him. His assistants are nice enough.  My frustration comes from their availability and lack of follow-through.  What they don't tell you is when summer hits, their entire office seems to take most of the season off since most of their clients are snowbirds, making it difficult for an actual citizen of AZ like myself to schedule appointments.  For my most recent appointment, I arrived at their office at my scheduled time, only to find the door locked!  Turns out they had allegedly tried calling me to re-schedule because Dr Pease would once again be out of the office. They then re-scheduled me for another day without telling me.  All of this as a follow up to a cavity that I may or may not have because they did not take proper x-rays.  If you're a snowbird, I'm sure his office will work fine for you.  But I'm moving on.
5 I am always treated with the upmost respect and professionalism the moment I arrive. The staff is very courteous and friendly every time. Dr. Pease and his staff are extremely knowledgeable and looked out for my best interests. I highly recommend Dr. Pease & Associates to anyone.
5 Dr. Pease made my office visit very pleasurable and I felt at home.  The office's hygienist, Roxanne, was very knowledgeable as well with great cleaning tips.. Dr. Pease brings professionalism and top shelf service to the table, which makes for a great decision when choosing your dentist. Once again, another timely appointment.  I would highly recommend.
5 I just had a fantastic experience at Dr.Pease & Associates. The staff was extremely professional courteous, I highly recommend this office to anyone that values professionalism and cleanliness.  Thank you!
5 I just came home from Dr. Pease and Assoc. for a follow-up appointment. I had a fantastic experience! The staff was top notch as usual.  I highly recommend them to anyone.
5 I recently had a wonderful experience with Dr. Pease and his staff. Upon my arrival I was immediately greeted with a warm welcome. Simone at the front desk walked me through the procedure I was scheduled for. Then the dental assistant Viva took me back for my x-rays. She made sure that the process was done as quickly and as comfortably as possible. Next I was off for my cleaning. The hygienist was super friendly and did a wonderful job on cleaning my teeth. She gave me tips on how to clean under my permanent bar (retainer I've had since my braces from High School). This has always been a trouble area for me. After my cleaning Dr. Pease promptly came in ready to tackle my cavities. He did everything to ensure that I was as comfortable as possible for the whole procedure. He quickly went to work and before I knew it he was finished with the right side of my mouth. Dr. Pease recommended that the rest of my fillings should be taken care of the following week as to give my jaw and mouth a rest. He was flexible in scheduling my next appointment to fit to my busy schedule. Dr.Pease was also willing to work with me on payment options that were affordable to my budget. Overall my experience with Dr. Pease and associates was very pleasurable and I will definitely be back for my biannual cleanings. Thanks you Dr. Pease and staff  for a wonderful experience and taking away some of the anxiety of going to the dentist.
5 Extremely happy with Dr. Pease office. I'm so afraid of anyone working on my teeth but everyone was super nice. I called for an appointment one day in advance and they were booked but were nice enough to call me when someone had to cancel. The lady at the front desk was so nice and Roxanne was absolutely amazing! My teeth have never felt so clean. Dr pease was awesome as well. I felt like he gave me true recommendations rather then trying to sell me everything a dentist can sell like previous dentists I've seen. I'll definitely keep going back as well as recommending other people to go there.
