4 I stopped in here because I was on the way to Nevermore Evermore, which is right next door.  This antique store is almost like a museum because of all the eclectic, interesting items they carry.  From war uniforms to old coins to jewelry to books to furniture - they seem to have it all.  I bought a turquoise pendant and thought the price was very reasonable.  In regard to staff, the elderly gentleman (who I assume is George) is very nice and friendly.  However, there is an Asian lady there and she is grumpy = not very good customer service wise.  But don't let her scare you away from this place.  This place is cool full of wonderful items from the past.  If George is there, he can give you history on the item too.
5 One of the rare antique stores that had me constantly saying, "Wait a minute, is that really. . ."  Yes it was.  This store specializes in militaria and historical items more than anything else.  This ain't one of those antique shops with endless glass containers, furniture, and stuff that would have been in the Goodwill ten years ago.  In a lot of those places, you need to look around a bit to find the "good stuff."  By contrast, History by George is ALL "the good stuff."  He has military medals, gas masks, books, jewelry, coins, and a whole lot of stuff you often never see anywhere else.  When I was last there, he had an French armor vest from the 1820s prominently displayed.   In the mood to buy a Nazi SS dagger?  I'm not a collector of such things, but I know some people are.  He has ten in the case.  That's right--TEN.  You get to pick what type.  It's crazy.  Military stuff from all over the world is on sale here, from the famous to the infamous, to the "I've never heard of that country before. . ."  On your first visit, I suggest that you give the entire store the once-over first--that way you won't be fixated on the first six things you see when you walk in the door.  If you're a history lover, or eclectic collector, by George, you got to come here.
1 George was robbed of two pieces of currency in September 2013.. A scottsdale coin dealer helped recover his possessions that were stolen Kudos to that dealer in North Scottsdale.......... a  guy risking physical harm...... and danger..... I wonder if this George guy ever thanked him or gave him a token of appreciation..... if he did't shame on George...... Frank Miller
