5 OK, being from Wisconsin (the land of the "great lakes") I was COMPLETELY surprised to be told that, yes, there are lakes here in the desert of Arizona.  The Lake, Saguaro Lake, is a man made lake originally built as Stewart Mountain Dam...even so, its beauty is equal to those you would see in the glacier regions of the Midwest.  I was amazed, frankly, at how beautiful this tour was.  Sold for $18 for 90 minutes, you get your money's worth.  But that is probably not what you want to hear...  The "event" is a combination of 1) the scenery, and also 2) the charm of the paddle boat itself.  The boat is quite large with seating for probably close to 75 people!  It's an event that you could share with family, but I happened to be there with friends.  Currently, it's a pretty mellow type of event (great for Mother's Day!), although I am told that they are hoping to exploit its benefits to include comedy shows, Jazz ensembles, stargazing, and a variety of other events.  P.S.  They also advertise that you can rent the paddle boat for company picnics, weddings, and the like.
5 How many boat tours offer cactus viewing as a main attraction?  The Desert Belle does, along with viewing wildlife like bald eagles and Arizona-style rock landscapes. The four-mountain profile on Arizona license plates is seen from the Lake. The tour narration is interesting and informative.  It's a first class event.  The boat is the New Desert Belle, which holds 143 passengers on two levels. The original pseudo-paddlewheel boat was retired at some point, apparently relatively recently. The comfortable new boat has enclosed seating on the first level and covered outdoor seating on the top level. The snack bar on the boat was reasonably priced, not the norm for tour boats. The Lake is sheltered, so the ride is very smooth compared to open water tours.
5 Awe your non-Arizonan family and friends with this 90-minute tour of Saguaro Lake where they will see there is actually water in the desert, even if we put it there!!  For $20 (adult ticket price), this is a great way to show off our state without a road trip.  Part of the tour is through canyons, part of it is open desert.  You may also catch a glimpse of our local wildlife.  We spotted bald eagles soaring overhead, but bighorn sheep, bobcats, and even mountain lions have also been seen (or so we were told).  Although I've lived in Arizona my entire life (my very short life), I really enjoyed the tour as well.  The Captain provided plenty of information regarding the area and the state, but did not talk non-stop, so there was plenty of time to take in the scenery.  I even learned a thing or two.    The boat has two levels, the bottom being enclosed and air-conditioned.  The top is open, but shaded.  There are bathrooms on board and drinks available for purchase.  It is also available for private  charter, and they are sometimes special events, open to the public, held on board as well.  Get to the dock early if you want your choice of seating, as it is not assigned.  We thought 15 minutes would be plenty of time, but found they let people board early to get out of the 74 degree blistering sun.  And don't forget your camera!
4 Excellent ride, it's kind of a mix between a social booze cruise and Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom. Twenty dollars scores you an a leisurely ninety minute tour through a man made Arizona canyon lake with some stunning views. Wild life abounds as we observed bald eagles soaring overhead, various species of ducks quacking along, and were told of bighorn sheep, bobcats, and even mountain lions being present in past excursions. The captain gives it that Marlin Perkins feel and injects quite a lot of interesting facts along with some humor into the trip but is not overbearing as to ruin the relative serenity of the overall experience. We also got to see a few guys on water skis putting on an excellent 'Hey! I am an idiot!' show along with a 1966 Amphicar Model 770 (is it a car? is it a boat?). It was definitely a good time and worth doing again.
5 This is a great experience!!!  Anyone visiting Arizona should do this!
4 Who would have thought that there was a lake with boats and ski jets in the metro Phoenix area? My wife and I sailed the Desert Belle for about 90 minutes if my memory serves me correctly and enjoyed nature. There are Eagles and an assortment of wild life surrounding the lake. I thought it was cool to see a bunch of Cactus right next to the water.  They serves beverages of all kinds, popcorn and other snacks. They do rent out the boat for parties. So this would be a great booze cruise. Although I'm not sure how much you can see when the sun has set. They have entertainment on the evening cruise but not on the afternoon cruise.  This cruise was a nice diversion from all the other sights that are out there and is definitely worth going on a second time. Quick tip, the second deck is crowded but the lower deck is almost deserted. I don't think you see anything more by sitting upstairs.
5 Wife and I have been on three different lake boat cruise! The Desert Belle in Saguaro Lake is the best one so far!!! Some times we just need to get away, and enjoy! This is a 90 min cruise, and has some of the most beautiful scenery around! Learned a lot on this cruise, about the history and about the volcanic rocks near by. Boat holds about 147 people, 47 inside! Has a snack bar, not food!! But you can purchase food at the restaurant and bring on board!!! Snack bar is more of a bar!! lol. Has a lot of booze, with snacks. Does have water and soda! This something I am really thinking about coming back for a dinner cruise?  Over all we had a great time!
4 I had recently bought a Groupon and took my parents who are 71 and 72 years old and are visiting from France on their 50th Wedding Anniversary celebration on the sunset cruise this weekend. This was one of the music cruise as it featured the Southwest Surfers, which is a Beach Boys tribute band. My parents absolutely loved it!!... The scenery, being out on the water in Arizona, the slow pace of the cruise, the late afternoon light, the 60s music... That was heaven for them and the perfect outing. Thank you!
5 Really beautiful 90 minute nature cruise. We went on Sunday morning May 5th. It's a real deal at $20.00 and we had an Entertainment Book Coupon for Buy One Get One Free. Bald Eagle nest with babies & rare Crested Saguaro. Priceless. The captain and crew are great and they have a little snack and drink bar. They play the song "I Love You Arizona" and it is really touching. Very fun time - Highly recommended.
4 This cruise was so much fun! The fare was a good price and for a 90-minute cruise, was well worth it. Who knew a man-made lake could one, be so large and two, be so beautiful?!!  Light snacks and drinks were served and at two dollars for beer or wine, the happy hour specials were great!  The cruise was a great way to spend the evening and gorgeous views could be seen from all sides of the boat.  Check out my pics from the cruise!
5 Saguaro lake marina offers a wonderful treat for everyone who enjoys touristy trips. The Desert Bell has regular day sightseeing trips but it also offers musical entertainment trips also.  I sailed with the Southwest Surfers. These guys were so much fun. Everyone on the boat rocked and thank goodness, the boat is stable because with all the fun we were all having, the boat would have tipped over.  They entertained us with the music of the beach boys, but managed to throw in many songs from other artist's as well. They encouraged everyone to sing along and we all had a hard time sitting still. The boat does not offer a space for dancing but if you really want to move to the grove, just get up and do it.  Saguaro Lake is not that far and the location of the lake is magnificent. The mountains surrounding the marina are also beautiful and at sunset, "wow" is the only way I can describe the scenery.  After the ride, my date and I ate at the Lakeshore Restaurant. The food is very good. I had the Walleye; excellent is all I can say. My date had the Prime Rib and I never seen a cut of meat that was the size of his steak, and it was very tender. You get roasted veggies and a choice of side. We shared strawberry shortcake that I am surprised we could finish because of the size, but if you like to eat, sometimes size does not always matter. I want to also mention the service, our server had a very genuine smile, she was very personable. In the least amount of words for this dinner review, I can say that the food was tasty and wonderful, service was great and the atmosphere had a little romance. Actually, the entire trip was romantic, weather you are on a first date or it is a date night with a loved one. We can all use a little romance so I would say go and enjoy this little out of the way place. It is worth the drive.
