4 Very nice nail techs. Clean salon and they take care of the polishes and equiptment. Not dirty, ratty or dusty looking like some salons... reasonably priced too!  I'll be back!
4 Love this place.  It's usually pretty quiet, which I appreciate.  They do a great job and give you a shoulder massage while your nails are drying.
5 This place is brand new, clean, and reasonably priced.
5 1st time going there & I loved it! For $20- I got a sugar scrub and my shoulders massaged and an awesome pedi. Place is a little hidden in Frys plaza.
1 I bought gift certificates for my girls here for Christmas. I thought I was going to pass out in there from the fumes and couldn't wait to get out...but maybe that's one of those suffering-for-beauty things you girls do.  I DO NOT recommend bringing a young person here.   My 10-year old daughter tends to peel her toenails back, so when she went to get the pedicure, the lady working there starting going off on her. "I can't work with these!". She went on and on and ON about how horrible her nails look.  Kids are fragile at this age, and even though she doesn't cry very much, the experience brought her to tears.  I don't care how well you do nails, don't treat your customers like crap.
5 Great salon! Super friendly staff that made it a great experience for a mother-daughter mani-pedi.
1 Went here for white tips & pedicure. The experience was not the best, and I def won't be going back there again. She was rude the whole time and rushed through my pedicure and nails. My heart design she drew is all jacked up barely looks like a heart. Will never spend my money here again. They were sitting there talking in another language the whole time (which doesn't bother me) but she never said 2 words to me the whole time except asking if I was going to leave a tip when I was done. Rude, not worth 55 dollars at all :( ugh.
3 Not terrible, not great. May be better to call ahead.....we ended up waiting a while and then they had 3 workers working on 6 people. They were doing their best but understaffed and too many customers. Their service probably also suffered a little bit because of it. Might not have been a good day for them...
1 This place is awful. I've been three times -- the first time wasn't a completely horrible experience, although I felt the nail techs weren't very friendly. The pedicure chairs are old and some were broken, and the decor isn't very inviting or attractive. The second  time I walked in, asked for a pedicure and a fill, and was told to wait. I sat down and waited, and waited, and waited. After 30 minutes I just got up and left. None of the people working there ever came over to tell me how long it would be, or even acknowledged my presence after I walked in. The third time, I called ahead to make an appointment. When I got there at my appointment time,  I was again told to wait. I waited for 20 minutes and just walked out. I'll never go back. They are rude, short staffed, and disrespectful of their customers' time.
