5 I own a shop, these guys have been doing our exhaust work for years and they are fantastic.  Great work, good prices, Devin is a master with exhaust.
5 After researching muffler shops to do a custom cat back exhaust on my Tahoe, I'm very glad I found Apache Muffler. Their work is super clean and looks and sounds amazing. They even got me in the following morning and it was cheaper than anywhere else I looked. Top notch place, I highly recommend it.
1 This was absolutely the worst customer service experience I've ever had. I brought my car in for an exhaust repair and in the process of the repair, they broke my gearshift. I spoke with Jeff and requested that they repair it to the way it was when I dropped the car off.  After giving me the run around for a week he told me that they were unable to find the part.   I did my own internet search and was able to find the part to ship right away.   I give the information to Jeff and he took it but did nothing.  He called later and said the car was fixed. When I went to pick the car up, I found the part had been wired together. When I told him this wasn't acceptable, he became irritated and said "it was a piece of junk car and it would have broken anyway." He also said that the gear shift was a junkyard part.   After being treated badly by at Apache, I brought the car to another mechanic who  said the shifter had definitely been forced. I was also told that this wasn't a junkyard part but had the original inspection number on it. I would never recommend this place to anyone. Mistakes and accidents happen, but how a business handles difficult situations is an indication of how honest and ethical their people are.   Jeff, was an arrogant, insulting and foul mouthed individual to have to do business with when problems arise.
5 This was my first experience with Apache Muffler. I needed my catalytic converter repaired to pass emissions. They were honest and the lowest price by a wide margin. They were also the only business to warranty their work. I would recommend them.
1 This place doesn't even deserve a freakin star at all. Took my 97 jeep down to get an exhaust cutout on it. Crappy weld job. Made me have an exhaust leak to were I kept stalling out. And then they broke my 02 sensor on my cat. Wtf?! And I took it down to Midas and they even said that they broke it. And wrote up a statement saying that it was. And when I took it back down there. They just laughed. And freakin said hell no. And wouldn't do anything about it.   Stay away from this place. These guys are assholes. And treat you like crap.
