5 When I adopted my cat, Luca, in CA last year, he was having some problems with blood in his litter box.  The vet I was using at the time didn't show much interest in solving his problem.  She said he probably had worms and gave him a shot.    It got a lot better over time, but a year later he was still periodically bleeding; I would find drops of blood on the white tile in my apt.  So, I looked at some Yelp reviews and found a new vet.  He diagnosed possible Colitis and put Luca on a hypoallergenic diet.  There was a significant decrease in blood so I thought we had it figured out.    We moved to Arizona and started going to Banfield.  After about 10 mos, Luca started to bleed more often.  His new Banfiled vet (Tempe on Elliot) INSISTED he see a specialist.  I was LOATHE to go.  I was afraid the specialist would order a $2,000 colonoscopy then tell me nothing useful.  Boy was I wrong!  We saw Dr. Polina Vishkautsan, an Internal Medicine Specialist at VCA Referral Center in Mesa.  It was $162 for the consultation, and worth every penny.  Much to my surprise, she gave me her undivided attention for an hour.  She listened carefully to his history, and recommended we do a fecal test specific to a parasite called Tritrichomonas foetus.  She told me that this parasite isn't widely known, and while Luca's symptoms were not typical, she thought this was likely his problem.  She took a sample and sent it to a lab at a university in North Carolina that is conducting research on this parasite ($144 for the test).  One week later we had our answer - Luca has Tritrichomonas foetus.  He is unusually lucky in that his symptoms are very minor.  Most infected cats have terrible bloody diarrhea, and many are euthanized.    I had done some research and discovered that when she told me the treatment for the parasite is 'not pretty', she was right; it could actually kill him.  We discussed his quality of life and decided not to treat him unless for some reason he gets much worse.  This information came at a critical time.  With all the foreclosures in the area, I took in 2 foster cats.  This new information made it very important to keep the fosters isolated, for their own safety.  Dr. Vishkautsan is an EXCELLENT vet.  She is one of those rare professionals that is truly dedicated to her craft.  I highly recommend VCA and Dr. V.  For $300 I got a definitive diagnosis, and I am so happy to finally know.  And I didn't have to get the $2,000 colonoscopy done!  Thank you so much Dr. V!!!!
5 I wish I could give them more than just 5 stars...they are amazing! The doctors are great and they really do care! Dr. Sussink is the best doctor you will ever meet! He actually sits and talks to you so that you know what is going on at every moment. And I could call them at any time, day or night and get the status of my puppy. They also let me visit him in the actual area they work in, behind closed doors! Super!
5 Of course no one wants to use this place by choice but if you need the extra care for your pet the staff here have been very professional, helpful and supportive.  I have mainly worked with Dr. Wood and Lindsey and they have been very helpful and supportive while I have managed my cat's illness.  Also the emergency vet Dr. Tan was very supportive to us when Dr. Wood was out of town.    I appreciate that they talk with you about your options, the pros and cons, and let you guide the next steps at your comfort level.  It is always hard to be in a position to make serious health choices about a pet and I was very pleased with how the medical staff help you through this process.  Thank you.
5 This is an excellent emergency vet, and it's one of the few things I miss about my old ghetto neighborhood since moving to Gilbert.  I had to bring in each of my 3 rescue dogs to this location during the last couple of years. We were always seen quickly. We were never pushed to do any extra tests/xrays etc. like at some vets. In fact, it was cheaper bringing in my dog to VCA post dog-fight than my regular vet because VCA simply treated the puncture wounds with cleansing and antibiotics. When we brought our dog into our regular vet previously with similar (and less serious) injuries, she ordered xrays and put him under anesthesia to stitch him up.  Staff is compassionate which is helpful for freaked out newbie dog parents like us. It's hard to leave your baby in someone else's hands, but they made us feel safe and were always quick to call with updates. One time when we picked up our little guy, the ladies at the front desk were taking turns holding him because he was wimpering in his crate.  We had a major emergency a couple years ago (my dog's eye had to be removed after a trauma). Dr. Tan performed the surgery, and the results were outstanding. Boo Boo looks great! They kept her overnight to keep her pain under control, but they didn't charge us anything extra. They also didn't charge for any of the post-op follow ups.  If it is feasible, I will drive the extra 20 minutes to VCA rather than going to the emergency vet in Gilbert.
5 My dog had a life threatening accident and presented seriously infected with a very high temperature. The people here are absolute professionals and they were able to stabilize and save my dog's life. It's taken months of surgery and recovery but he is coming back! Of course intensive care is the speciality, but these guys and ladies are great and they really care! Dr. Chris Monarski worked very hard and deserves special mention. But I have been so impressed by Sarah B. and her caring and professional nature, she's the best!  I do also appreciate the entire staff! I wanted the best care for my dog and I got it there.
5 I owe a really big thank you to the staff here.  My dog was hit by a car last january, and after bringing her to an emergency vet near our home, we were referred here.  Although I don't remember the name of her doctor, we were very pleased with the level of support these folks offered to us, and to our beloved puppy.    I will say, if you are in need of an emergency vet, I wouldn't bother going anywhere else.  Even though these folks are across the valley for us, if I had to go to one again, (and I really hope I don't) without hesitation, I would hightail it out to this location.
5 I would not only recommend - but plan to go them ONLY in the event we have another Pet emergency!  Gizmo is my 12 week puppy who had a broken jaw by our other pet when he was 7 weeks old. Dr. M has done nothing but be respectful, caring, loving, and concerned about not only Gizmo but us as a family also.  Here is a surgeon, who we were referred to, that felt that "surgery" was not the solution to the problem. Saving us thousands of dollars.  The compassion and care goes beyond words. Not one person has been disrespectful or rude since the day we entered.   There were weeks that I would go 2-3 times a week worried over little things, but yet they still took the time to see us, care for us, and help us.   Thank you for everything!
2 I would not recommend them.  The dr. I spoke with seemed knowledgable, but they are EXTREMELY expensive.  I mean really, really, really expensive.  Not only that, but they said they would only charge me initially for the exam of my animal, and then and only then give me an estimate of further charges, but rather than do that, they stuck an IV needle in his arm, without telling me they were going to and without getting my approval for this additional charge first.  And then they billed me for it.  Personally, I consider that unethical padding of a bill.  I won't return to them.
2 About 2 days after I posted my initial review on here, I got a call from this hospital.  They wanted to explain why I ended up with the charges for the IV when I had told them not to do anything until after the consult with the doctor.  I felt a bit like I was in some kind of country where I didn't have free speech rights, so I hung up.  The hospital should have thought about the charges they were charging me for AT THE TIME I SHOWED UP WITH A CRISIS rather than taking advantage of my emotional state.  And I'd like to revise my estimate of the doctor's knowledge.  I showed up with a cat I suspected had been poisoned with antifreeze.  The doctor told me that was unlikely because according to her antifreeze does cats in so quickly they won't be alive for  couple days like mine was.  She was wrong, as I had the kidney tested at a vet diagnostic lab.  Just be CAREFUL who you go to and who you pay a lot of money to.  Do your own research.  9/27/13:  Someone thought this review was "funny" ?!?!?!  What kind of nut thinks this is "funny"?
1 Took my dog there for knee surgery and had the absolute worst experience I've ever had in all my years related to the care of pets, and I've had a lot of them.  Whoever prepped my dog for surgery burned his leg with the shaver (must have been a very dull blade), then wrapped it without telling me of any issues.  How could the surgeon not have noticed this?  My dog was in such discomfort that I kept him drugged...little did I know about the sores as I was told to under no circumstances to remove the bandage.  I was also told to keep him in a kennel for six weeks, no exercise and no therapy.  There were no follow up calls from the hospital or surgeon until 10 days after surgery when a technician called and didn't know anything and didn't listen to anything I said. It was a very odd conversation.  I took the dog back to have his leg bandaged again as it was slipping. They wouldn't let me go back with him even though he was so frightened of the place that he was shaking all over and I thought he needed my support.  When we got home the normally laid back, sweet dog was going nuts so I removed the bandage to find his leg literally covered with horrible sores and burns.  No one said anything after they bandaged it but what a nice dog he is.  Nothing about the sores!!!  I was so furious I couldn't even talk.  Here my dog had been suffering for weeks for absolutely no reason.  The only time the surgeon even bothered to check on the dog was after I refused to make any more follow-up visits (they charge extra for follow-up exams after surgery!  What?? That should have been included.) and let them know that his other knee would be done elsewhere.  The surgeon said that he would tell the corporation that I wasn't happy.  Really?  Absolute worst experience.
5 We had to bring our sweet 14 ye old Rottie mix in. We had never used this facility but it was late on a Friday and our regular vet was not going to be able to see him until Monday morning. We knew he couldn't wait to be seen so we went in. The staff was so kind and the doctor really took his time with us explaining all our options. Sadly, we ended up putting our baby boy down. I will never forget their compassion and kindness. In the end it was very inexpensive. When we went back to pick up our dogs cremated remains we were pleasantly surprise that they took a clay cast of his paw print for us. Free of charge. Its those little things that make a difference. Thanks!
2 Wow, poor customer service from the front desk.
2 We brought home a puppy from the shelter 8 days ago with a respiratory infection. She was on medication for a few days, and then in less than two days' time, she got very worse.   We rushed Milly to this location at 3AM last night. She was in a lot of pain and had the hardest time breathing. The staff members were friendly for the most part and pretty knowledgeable. They wanted to hospitalize Milly for a few days to run some tests on anemia, tick diseases, and other various long-term potential health issues. We were quoted that the treatment plan may range from about $4-5,000. We don't have that kind of money. We decided that these tests could wait until the morning - we just wanted to get her breathing normal, and if she had anemia or something long-term that our day vet could help us for a fraction of the price in the morning. We accepted some antibiotics and a fluid injection, because a few hundred dollars was the most we could spend at the time. They kindly gave us some recommendations for at-home remedies as well.  Milly passed away later in the night. We took care of her most of the night to the best of our abilities. Even if we had known that she would pass away so soon, there was no way that we could have afforded to have her hospitalized. I just wish that we could have done something to help her immediately, instead of spending thousands on the unknown.
4 So grateful they are here! Very competent, compassionate & friendly staff. They were happy to answer our questions - even ones we'd already asked in our panicked state. There's not a bit of a privacy issue here, as we could hear everything going on in the room next to ours (and presumably vice versa). They did help save our kitty.
5 Highly recommended. We took our 1year 150 puppy Big Ben to them with a leg injury. The staff was very caring and helpful even at 3am. Dealing with a Saint Bernard is no easy task but they did it with a smile. They worked in conjunction with our vet to get Ben the best treatment possible. Ben is on his way to a speedy recovery. Thank you so much to the Doctor and all the staff at VCA.
5 So... when you're woken up by the sound of your dog vomiting all over the carpet multiple times at 7 A.M. on a Sunday that's never a good thing. This is especially true if you see blood in the vomit! Naturally, all pets will either get sick: 1. Over the holidays 2. On a day or time where most vet offices are closed, or 3. Both.  Since my own vet's office was closed on Sunday, I remembered that VCA had an emergency veterinary center in Mesa. I called up, and the receptionist said to just bring my dog in and the vet would look at him. Once we arrived, we were escorted immediately to one of the rooms and filled out some forms.  The center itself looks very nice, with a contemporary, relaxing atmosphere. There was a TV facing the waiting area playing an old version of The Nutcracker.  Our tech was very friendly and took down all the standard questions. After some waiting, our vet came in. Dr. Dickson was detailed, thorough, and had a great "patient-side" manner. He prescribed a radiograph (Chest x-ray) to make sure that my dog hadn't ingested anything that would cause him to vomit, and went through the findings with us on the x-ray light-screen.  It was also nice that he called the day after just to make sure my dog was doing OK.   Prices are higher than at your regular vet's office, but remember, you are paying for the fact that someone will be there for your pet 24/7, even on the holidays.
1 I was very disappointed with the clinic. We had been here once before for my boxer's ACL surgery and they seemed to do a good job. My 11.5 year old boxer had been coughing up tinge for the last month. The sarcoma on his leg began to bleed on a Saturday I made an appointment with our vet for Monday. Within two days his tumor had ruptured, so I decided to take him here right away. I was talked into doing Xrays and blood work ($500) not including the initial consultation. The Xray showed he had some questionable spots on his lungs that could only be confirmed (metasticized Cancer) by CT Scan (another $700). Why wouldn't they just recommend the CT Scan from the start based on his age and history...I would have just known right away, rather than waste money on useless Xrays. With his advanced age and possible metasticized Cancer they likely couldn't remove the tumor, but it would take a CT scan to confirm. My boxer was taken to the back where his bandaged tumor was just looked at by the doctor and surgeon and re-wrapped. It was never cleaned up or treated in any way. I was then charged an additional $100+ consultation to speak to a surgeon who basically told me it was probably not worth it to do surgery, which he could have just saved me the $100 and advised me against it. In the end I went home with the same sick/dying dog who didn't get any treatment and I needlessly paid for medications not likely to make any difference to his rotting tumor. How could they possibly give me false hope after seeing how bad his ruptured tumor that it would actually heal with antibiotics and pain meds. I ended up spending $350 somewhere else to put him down the next day.
5 Dr. Sessink was wonderful. Was very knowledgable and addresses all my concerns.  Made the right diagnosis and saved me 4000$ and saved my dog unnecessary surgery. I Had an awful experience the previous night at a emergency vet clinic in Peoria. Walked out of there. I was pressured and intimidated. The next day when I tried to get care for my dog ( my dog was hit by a car the precious night) three clinics turned me away because of what the Peoria clinic had written in my dogs chart. I came Into this clinic and asked for help. It was recommended by a vet tech friend as being the best in the city. Not only did they agree to see my animal they provided great care that was much cheaper than anywhere else. They had a CT machine that my dog needed for diagnosis. They picked up a nerve injury that the other clinic missed. They did not pressure me Into unnecessary surgery but advised me that my dog did not need surgery at this point. My dog is recovering. Thank you you guys are doing great work.
5 Dr. Melinda Wood is one of the best, veterinarians I have ever worked with.   Does a fantastic job of communicating your pets condition/treatment options, and explains it in a way you can understand clearly.    Having a sick pet is difficult, but Dr. Wood made me immediately feel comfortable about the whole process.  If you need an internal medicine specialist I would recommend her!
