4 Imagine you seasoned a big roast and cooked it in your oven for hours, cooled it down, and then sliced it. This is the roast beef from Midwestern Meats. No joke- I have not once purchased roast beef from a grocery or deli since I tasted Midwestern's. I was in Mesa today, and couldn't help but swing by.  The place is divided into three areas: a butcher shop, a bakery, and a restaurant. The restaurant is VERY inexpensive and serves the Midwestern comfort food fare you might imagine, in a very homespun environment. The bakery is hit or miss for me, but I absolutely love their coconut cream pies. They have breads, pastries, cookies, cupcakes, coffee cakes, pies, ice cream, etc. The butcher shop has really good meat they ship in from Iowa. Chops and steaks, cut right in front of you, to your specification, plus ground meats, sausages, fresh gourmet burgers, ready for your grill- you name it, they probably have it.  I picked up some pork chops today and they were beautiful- super fresh, hand trimmed, and cut just as I asked for my next State Fair cooking contest.  Everyone who works here is ridiculously -and honestly- nice. For those transplants from the Midwest who miss its particular charms, this is your Mecca.
5 I will never buy red meat from a grocery store again if I can help it. I was planning on going out for a steak diner and at the last minute decided to cook out myself. I looked online and found a produce market (check out the review for superstition ranch market) as well as this meat market. They are a block or so away from each other which was really convenient since I needed to stop at both. The staff is extremely friendly and more than happy to help with your meat selection. They will even cook you a piece so you can try it. The bakery is great as well... Pecans Pies are great!  Anyway, if you get out to east Mesa, check this place out.. it's great!
5 Wow, I always have driven by and they have always been packed. My girlfriend and I spent 30 minutes or so just browsing their deli and sweat treat area. Then ended up going to have a late breakfast. It was awesome I am a big breakfast fan and I will definately being going back. I want to try their deli and desserts, but the people working there were absolutely outstanding. Great Customer Service.
5 LOVE this place!  GREAT service everytime!
5 Best Burgers in AZ...hands down...I have been to this place twice. And this is about the closest thing you can get to a small town restaurant in a big city.  The service is excellent the food is great and fresh and the prices are cheap.  They have this burger that they stuff with ingredients..like jalapeno's and cheese or whatever you want, the beef is fresh from the chophouse right next door...which is also right next to their bakery. 99 cent pie all day every day.  This place is great I definitely recommend going here if your a carnivore.
5 This place is one of the best steakhouses I have been to. Great prices, fresh meats, good portions. This is my new steakhouse for sure! Best to go after 6pm to miss the seasoned citizens crowd. Next time I will try the stuffed burgers!
2 based on some reviews i've read and heard in person I decided to try this place this past friday evening.  I had the prime rib large cut and my mom had the Philly cheese steak.  The prime rib was a decent size (not what I would call King cut) very salty and my mom's cheese steak was served on what appeared to be a large hot dog bun which totally fell apart while she was eating the steak appeared to be flank steak which you DON"T use in a cheese steak...received 3 dinner rolls that were wet (almost soggy) on the bottom and we basic restaurant dinner rolls nothing exciting...especially with a bakery on site I guess I was expecting more  Atmosphere is very fire hall like if anyone reading this as ever been to a local firehall on the east coast  Service was decent, never did get a refill on my soda, the dessert of the day was cake which tasted like it had been sitting out for awhile.  After dinner I went over to the meat counter  they close at 6pm and I checked my cell phone it was 5:42 all the workers were busy pulling meat from the counter and not one person asked if they could help me.  Needless to say I was underwhelmed by this place.  Its definately more a senor hangout
4 Having seen a story about this place in the paper, we made the fairly long drive up there from Ahwatukee today. It's not something I would do every week, but it is worth it once in awhile.   We did not try the restaurant, but loved the meat area and the bakery. The service was really fast and extraordinarily friendly. The prices were pretty good, especially considering the fact that you know you are getting fresh product ($4.99/lb tenderloin, $3.99/lb. cubed steak, $2.99/lb on pork chops etc.). The selection was good, but not great, but the overall experience was memorable. We'll go back, especially if we are heading up that direction anyway. We're looking forward to trying their restaurant next time.
4 This place is 3 stores in one, a restaurant, a bakery and a meat market.  I would give the restaurant 2.5 stars, the bakery 4 stars and meat market 5+stars.  I've only eaten at the restaurant once; my Mom and her husband love this place - so on her recommendation a couple friends and I went for a prime rib dinner.  My friends and I are not young, but we were the youngest people there.  No problem, it was 8pm and we were starving.  We each ordered the prime rib dinner which came with soup, potato and a dessert.  The soup was some sort of cream soup that was so gelatinous the spoon stood straight up in the sticky glop, yuck!  Thank God the prime rib was brought out quickly, it was FANTASTIC!  Medium rare, tender, tasty in it's own juice.  Delicious!  It's a good thing we weren't hungry for dessert, it was some sort of pudding that had the same gelatinous appearance as the soup earlier.  Gross.  I've only stopped through the bakery once for some cookies.  Everything is made fresh daily and they'll take special requests for anything including sugar free and low fat items.    Go here for the meat.  I won't even buy grocery store beef since shopping here.  They'll cut anything and everything to your preferences and needs.  They are so helpful and friendly and the best part is the quality of the beef.  Everything is well marbled, fresh and fresh cut and it tastes 100 times better than anything I've bought in a grocery store.  Prices are beyond reasonable especially considering the level of service they provide.    Between this place and the Superstition Ranch Market down the street, I rarely have to shop at a grocery store.
3 I have purchased meat from this place for a while, and even eaten the ice cream.  I had never gone in the restaurant and decided to try it out.  I had the Reuben which was average.  My kids ate burgers which I tried and was floored with how good they were!  Next time I get a burger!  The pie was delicious, but was disppointed that a-la-mode cost $1 extra but is only 50cents if you get it at the bakery.  Go figure.
2 What's the big deal with this place?  After reading all these rave reviews I thought I was missing out on the meat mecca of the east valley.  I decided to check out the restaurant for a quick lunch on a Friday afternoon.  The parking lot was packed, which is always a good sign.  After first making my way into what turned out to be the bakery I made a wrong turn into the meat market.  I finally found my way into the restaurant and was seated at a tiny 2 top in between a bunch of old folks.    Not that I have anything wrong with old people, but I was there for lunch and I think they were there for an early supper!!!  I had the turkey sanwhich, which was good but nothing better than I could have made myself.  I think next time I'll just head across the street to Sprouts and get a much bigger and better sandwhich for the same price without the blue hairs.
2 Went here with the girlfriend's grandparents last week and I must say I expected better after all the hype I got. Of course some of the hype was actually incorrect (THEY DO NOT ACTUALLY SERVE ND POTATOES) so they get cut a little slack for that. The service is fast and friendly, the bakery has some tasty stuff in it, and if you ever want to buy a cow's heart this is the place to do it (don't know why you would though).   As far as the food, that's where I was underwhelmed. The mashed potatoes were like water, the veggies were cold, and the steak was just alright. I asked for my steak rare and I got medium well. Not being an ass I decided not to send it back and the steak itself wasn't bad. Just not too memorable....  Combined with the facts that the parking sucks and it sounds like an airport terminal inside I don't think I will be back. Unless maybe if I ever find a need for a whole cow's heart
5 Great meat market and bakery! The staff is friendly and extremely helpful! Have had their steaks, sausage and love their cole slaw and potato salad!  Don't leave without getting something yummy from the bakery - you won't be disappointed.
3 Every once awhile you get nostalgic feelings for the pastoral simplicities of yester year.  For these moments there is Midwestern Meats.  You walk inside and you swear you have just entered a Norman Rockwell painting.  The decor, the patrons, the food....everything is middle America 1940's.    The food is standard "corn fed" fare.  Decent, not spectacular.  But that's not why I go.  This is the closest thing I've found to dinner at my grandparents.  Every once in awhile it is nice to wrap yourself up in a bit of nostalgia.  This place has it.
5 Great meat, great prices. You cannot go wrong with any thing inside the walls of this Mesa gem. From the cannoli in the bakery, to the corn-fed beef & specialty Brats at the meat counter, everything is fresh & high quality.  Check out Midwestern Fitness for pre-made & measured whole food nutrition packs. Great for those of us who are health conscious and on the go.
4 Just got back from eating lunch here with my dad... and I can safely say that I won't have to eat anything for the rest of the day...possibly the rest of the weekend.   The Bacon Cheddar Stuffed Burger I got was HUGE. It came to the table buried in lettuce, onion and tomato (which I promptly removed) as well as pickles (which I left on). I ate almost the whole burger before being tempted by a piece of Banana Cream Pie (which was AMAZING).   My only negative is I wasn't asked how I wanted my burger cooked... and I got it a little rarer than I usually like my beef. Thankfully, the melty, gooey cheese made me forget about the pinkness of the burger.  All in all, I would recommend this place for you hungry carnivores out there. Come with an appetite. I guarantee you'll be stuffed by the time you leave.
5 I am a busy working mom that tries to eat healthy as much as I can and I was received a gift certificate for Midwestern Meats.  I ordered their pre-packaged meals from their website and had them delivered today - I just ate the orange roughy, pico and sweet potato for dinner and it was delish!  Super healthy and took me 2 minutes to heat up and eat.  I also ordered their steak, chicken and salmon meals and I can't wait to try them.  It's so nice to have a fresh, "clean eating" meal that is already pre-measured and ready to eat.  Perfect to take to work for lunch.  I am a fan!
5 Can't get em' like this any more. High quality corn fed meat from the Midwest. This place has an excellent meat market, butcher, bakery, and restaurant with home style dishes,  just like grandma use to make.  Decor and style is from the 1940'-50s just like most of the customers. Did I mention they deliver and have homemade jerky. Stop by here before your next BBQ.
5 The stuffed burgers they sell, awesome. Frozen cheese curds are also available here, oh yes.
4 Ok, its a great place to get your meat! I think its a little pricey but its not too bad. I think the quality of the meat you get is fair for the price.   I cant say that I have tried the restaurant or bakery but all I have hear about it is great.  I went there over the holidays and I had to wait for parking. If you have to wait to park for meat, it must be good. Right?
5 Great quality meats, DELICIOUS bakery- I'm pretty sure we've tried everything and they're all amazing. The only con is the occasional wait as they can be pretty busy.
4 It has been a while since I have written a review so I thought I would share my experince at Midwestern meats. Now I have been trying to stick with my New Year's resolution and lay off the junk food. That means no take out and everything is homemade. So after a really bad experince with meat from Fry's I decided to seek out a store that still had a butcher counter and ground their own meat. Easy right? WRONG!! It is amazing what passes for "fresh" these days!  Sorry your pre frozen chubs do not count and why is the meat gray?? Seriously have these people even seen fresh meat? I have and it did not smell like old dirty mop water lol. Anyways I finally found this place thanks to yelp and decided to do a little research online by visiting their website. Now let me start off by saying their selection is really large. It is like rubbing a t-bone steak and a genie pops out to grant you all your meat filled dreams. Looking for Fred Flintstone bronto steaks? They have them.   Thick cut pork chops? No problem! My selection included a special blend of meat for hamburgers (chuck, sirloin, and beef brisket). The resulting burgers where like a bite of heaven. The meat was brightly colored and stayed juicy on the grill. There is something to be said about doing things the right way and this place does just that. Don't take my word for it, try for yourself and taste the difference. Enough said case closed!!
4 This place is great for both 2 leggers (homo-sapiens) and 4 leggers (dogs)! I love going to the butcher and getting exactly what you want instead of digging through packaged meat trying to find the right piece. Their porterhouse steaks are divine, and they will even give you a "women's" cut for the petite eater. They also have leg bones for the little ones. They happened to be out and they cut a dozen bones to the dimensions I wanted. Please make sure your little one eats them outside because they do get bloody and gross. Also throw them away after they finish or they do attract ants. Obviously I have learned the hard way:( I cannot tell you how happy I have been with their steaks and yes they do cost a little bit more but the are so worth the price!!! The store reminds me of going to the butcher downtown Chicago as a child with my Mom. The place is full of older folks who do value a good piece of meat. Yummers!!!
5 Midwestern Meats has the best meat I have ever had. It is fresh, tender and delicious. The meat is hormone free and corn fed. They have an amazing "from scratch" bakery that can make anything you desire. The restaurant has some of the best "homemade" food I have ever had in my life. It is very reasonably priced (cheap actually). They even have buy one get one free dinners. I love this place
4 Food was good but the bakery was the best. Please try the Lemon Merigne pie. To die for!  The yelp app was a life saver since we had no idea where to eat.
4 So good! I had the cheddar cheese and bacon stuffed burger, and it was delicious! The prices are a bit on the high side, but it is worth it!
4 Sunday breakfast was always a tradition for us before we left PA.  There were so many little independent diners to choose from. When we relo'd to AZ, we decided to continue the tradition.  We drove by this place several times during the week and saw the guy directing traffic in the parking lot so curiosity got the better of this cat - I had to check it out. So one Sunday we headed up for brunch. It was close to noon and I think we got the last table in the house but that is not always a sign of a good place in this area. Heck, despite the economy, it seems every place is packed all the time in Phoenix!  Immediately we ordered and got three cups of coffee. At 99c a cup, the expectations were fairly low as I can't honestly say that we found much restaurant coffee out here to be great. Mostly it is so stiff that the spoon doesn't just stand up, it salutes. Anyway, the steaming brew comes and it is amazingly good!  Smooth.  Not too strong, not to watery. Goldilocks would say it was just right. And the refills kept coming.   DS and I both ordered the Pancake sandwich - 2 eggs with 2 cakes and meat.  Nothing fancy. But the eggs were cooked perfectly and the cakes were large and hot and tender. To me there is nothing worse than a restaurant that serves a rubbery pancake or one that served as a doorstop in a prior life. These were just good pancakes.  Freshly made.  DH ordered a chorizo skillet that was a wonderfully overstuffed skillet of Chorizo, peppers, and cheese topped with eggs and a side of their home fries. The plate was loaded with tasty sausage and just the right amount of peppers. Maybe a little more cheese than it needed but still tasty.  And real home fries. Not the typical frozen cubes of potatoes.   If you are looking for fresh quality at a reasonable price, make this a place to try soon!  We will be trying lunch and dinner soon and will update the review then!
5 Excellent ( consistently excellent, I might add).   Had their Breaded Pork Tenderloin Sandwich today.  Very tasty and great service!  Thank you Midwestern Meats!
5 Quality beef, knowledgeable staff, great prices!  Midwest Meats is an excellent place to buy all your meat products.  If you want a special cut, just call ahead.  They're very accommodating to your needs.  Don't forget to try the baked goods from the adjoining bakery--stunning array of pastries!  If you want a damn good hamburger, get some freshly ground sirloin, peppered bacon, and some of their freshly baked buns. YUM!
4 Our mouth is still watering!!!!  We went here for lunch today for the first time and we're already planning our next trip.  :-)   My husband had the breaded pork sandwich and it's the best one he's had in 25 years.  I guess it's one of their most popular sandwiches and found out why.  The freshness, quality, and delectableness of this sandwich is 5-star worthy!!!!     I had a cheeseburger and it was anything but basic. The quality of meat is immediately noticed on the first bite.  The grill marks, perfect bun, and oozy cheese form a burger harmony!    We were too full for dessert which is too bad because there is a bakery attached to the restaurant and you can have your choice of pie slices for 99 cents w/ the order of a meal.  Next time!!  Oh, and there will be a next time!!!  Thank you, Midwestern Meats for bringing quality and a much needed taste uplift to the area. Never change!  :-)  See you soon....
4 My go to place for short rips and tri-tip. Growing up around the Santa Maria Valley I'm the king of tri-tip. While they don't always have it in the case, give them a few hrs notice and they will cut to order.  The bacon is great too. Keep it up guys.
1 Gotta watch'em closely. The other day I noticed two identical cuts of Top Sirloin with the exact label 6 ft from each other. Problem was one showed $8.99 lb. the other $11.99 lb. I asked them about it and they (without even looking) said the higher priced ones were Dry Aged. Hardly!! I know Dry Aged and neither Top Sirloin was Dry Aged.  Did anyone come out to the front of the counter to see what I was talking about. NO. They practice this type of sales deceit almost daily. PLAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO PRICES WHEN YOU SHOP THERE.
2 Based on the Yelp reviews, we were excited to stop in for dinner last week. Unfortunately, the meal was mediocre at best. For a butcher, we expected a good steak. While it was cooked as ordered, medium rare, the steak was tough and chewy. The hamburger was over cooked and the fries to salty to eat.
5 This was our 1st trip to Midwestern Meats and we will go back.  First we had Prime Rib dinner. It was melt in your mouth tender, cooked perfectly.  The only thing I would like to see more seasoning on the outside of the beef and the AuJus could have have had a bit more flavor. But I am a seasoning nut!  The beef vegetable soup was delicious, as well as the fresh rolls.  After dinner we had the 99¢ piece of pie, that was good too.  Then we went to the meat shop and to my surprise they had Pork Hocks and Side Pork.  Since moving here from Wisconsin 10 years ago I have not found these items in any grocery store.  I am delighted, I bought both.  We will be back!
3 This place is great for buying meats but not so sure if I will be back for a while as I have no need for rude with my pound of meat.   I gave this place a really good review before because of the quality of meat they offer. I still stand by that review but have to say that my recent dealing with them left a bad taste in my mouth (no pun intended). I understand requesting uncommon meat blends is a pain for them but it is their job to fill that request!   Do not want to feel like I am making someone's day harder than it needs to be just because I make a request that I have made many times in the past with no issue mind you. If not for the ability to place special orders than they would be pretty much the same as the chain supermarket meat sections. And nobody wants that!!  I guess you can call this a re-update I spoke to someone when I went in to place a new order and she was super nice. I had no issue with placing my order this time and even got a few helpful hints. So it seems like most people at least care about what they are doing here.
5 The best place in Arizona to buy Fresh meat , chicken and fresh Beef jerky and the restaurant was awesome . People are very friendly as well a fun place to eat no doubt ,the owner is always there making sure all is well for his customers
1 Won't go back!
5 1st off, the staff was very friendly and welcoming. Decided to try the stuffed burgers I've been reading about. Wow!!! Awesome!!! The flavor of the meat alone was great. I had the Diablo Burger which has bacon, cheese and jalapeños inside the meat. The serve the burgers on buns made right there at their bakery.  That was one of the best burgers I've had since moving to AZ. Topped it off with a slice of coconut cream pie, which also was completely wonderful, I now have my favorite place to get a burger, will have to work thru the menu to other items.
2 I haven't been to the restaurant, so this review is primarily about the meat market. I have been to this place for meat numerous times, and I can't say that I have ever walked out of there happy. My first time there an extremely over zealous man helped me. I went in for some rib eyes and the whole time the guy was trying to get me to buy more food than I wanted, and getting me to put their rub on the meat I was buying. I politely refused, and he gave me a dirty look. It wasn't a horrible experience and the meat was good. The last time I went there, and what turned out to be the last time that I will go there (for meat). I was stocking up on my weeks meat, and had a decent size order. I did order two rib eyes that were for the next day. When I opened the wrapping the next day, I found one rib eye, and one NY strip. That was definitely the end for me. Either the guy gave me wrong cut on purpose for whatever reason, or he made a stupid mistake. Either way I'm done with that place.   As for the bakery. I have only had their donuts, and they are really good. If they have them made. I went in there on Monday, and there weren't really any donuts to choose from. I had to go somewhere else.   Pretty much I can't see myself ever going back to either store.
2 Tried this place one last time after the last time when they took 30 minutes for us to place an order and were out of everything.  We went for the meatloaf and chicken and dumplings today, normal Thursday menu items. Waitress took over twenty minutes to wait on us. She did communicate she was working with a large party (over 6 people) and it would be a small wait. No problem. Finally got our order in and twenty minutes after it is in the kitchen she comes back and tells us they are out of meatloaf. Last time we were there every item I picked on the menu from root beer and Mr. Pibb to the normal main courses on the menu they were out of those items too. The problems that night were blamed on a fill-in cook. We also waited forever and another waitress took our order as we were about to leave. We ended up ordering the prime rib this night because everything else we ordered was not available. The prime rib was over done and tough and certainly didn't taste like the corn fed beef I was raised on in Wisconsin. I gave them another chance because I really believed it was a bad night last time but it seems every time we go the place just gets worse.
1 I ordered a crown roast a week in advance of Christmas. I went to pick it up late afternoon on Christmas Eve. I was informed that they didn't have it. I had promised my Christmas guests crown roast. I understand things go wrong. But to not have the professional courtesy to call and tell me so I have time for Plan B is unforgiveable. I've probably spent a few hundred dollars there previously this year. They can kiss this business goodbye.
4 What a great find and not just because I'm from the midwest. They are very friendly and helpful. The bakery is awesome and you can get 2 scoopes of icecream for 50¢! Their prices on steaks and just about everything else are better than most of the other places we go. We bought several things and only spent $50..........I have let a week go by since our visit because I wanted to try a few of the things we bought before I finished my review.  The beefs cube steaks were tender and delicious.  The jalapeno and cheddar brats we bought were great.  You could actually taste the jalapeno and the cheddar.  We used the ground beef to make a meatloaf and it was perfect.  Not to much fat, but enough to flavor the meat.  We also bought some of their beef sticks, which we ate on the way home.  I have to say that they were not my favorite.  The hot was not hot at all and the regular seemed a little greasy and hard.  The 7-layer bars my gf bought were very good.  I am not a sweets person so they were mind-numbingly sweet to me, but my gf said that that is the way they are suppose to be.  We will definately go back and this time get some steaks and because there is a diner there, we will probably eat too.
1 Where to begin. Heard rave reviews about this place unfortunately the restaurant was not quality food! The salad was old and wilted, I had a tbone steak that was burnt and lacked seasoning. My kids disliked their food as well. The stuffed burger lacked seasoning and taste! The cod fish lacked flavor. Fifty dollars later and I left hungry and grossed out! I don't recommend this place.
4 Meat market is awesome! Best in quality, and selection! Can't say enough about this place! A+.......Attached restaurant is a snowbird gathering place! My husband and I are retired, and felt like teenagers again, because, we were the youngest couple in the place! The restaurant is large, clean, and staffed with friendly servers. Portions are adequate, and served in a timely fashion. Food is ok, but nothing outstanding. Menu is geared to what the older crowd would enjoy. B+ over all.
4 I really wish this place was closer to phx but when we can we will make the drive out there to shop. They do offer delivery service which is very helpful. the butcher shop is great. reminds me of the typical midwestern butchershop.  they also have a freezer section that has some jewels in it. one thing my wife loves is they have real midwest style cheese curds. the breaded ones.  not very healthy but a great treat.    before i wrote my review i figured i would read some others and there seemed to be some comments about bad customer service. I only make it out there once every few months but every time we have been (bakery and butcher shop) we have had nothing but great service.  the only bad experience ive had there was not their fault but of another customer who was just rude.   their prices are really good for quality meats.
5 Coming to Az from Iowa, I was so disappointed in the quality of meats that the grocery stores and places like Costco sell. This market sells great quality meats and products and I will be making the trek to Mesa on a regular basis...had a great breakfast on a Saturday morning as well. This markets meats are second to none in Arizona and is as good as any I have ever purchased anywhere! CORN FED!!!
2 I was craving donuts, and decided to stop in for a couple. The woman helping me seemed miserable. I ordered one chocolate frosted, and one vanilla frosted. They were both put in a bag on their side without any paper which caused most of the icing to come off onto the bag. The donuts are delicious, but they lack customer service.
2 Seems like people who use the butcher shop rave about the place.    Perhaps there is a disconnect between the level of quality on the butcher shop side and the restaurant side.  One of the more difficult to eat cuts of Prime Rib I've had in a while.    For a place that is supposed to specialize in meats, I guess you'd expect more.
3 Was In the area and found it on yelp ..liked the picture of the stuffed burger so ordered 2 to go  and went over the the butcher side and bought allot of wonderful stuff, pot pie and steaks, loved it..!! as i went through the bakery to pick up my burgers bought some sweets ...yum... Not so Impressed with the burgers ..Wanted to get back to the butcher so I took a friend for lunch and It was confirmed the restaurant sucks....:( sorry the rolls hard my friend "steak" awful they told us the NY strip was thicker ..??!?!? I cant see how It was soo thin...my Philly  had hard bun the meat was to thick and awful ..But I will continue to shop at the meat market  always looking for good quality meat and they do  ..Something goes very wrong with the meat on it way to the resturant ..!?!? Maybe a new COOK oh and the stringbeans with tomato side from a can disgusting ....SORRY ..!!!?!
2 The restaurant section is awful. The wait was horrendous and you end up getting sat at a table meant for 8 when there is just two of you! The food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor. Once the food was delivered the server was never to be found. I only gave two stars because I enjoy the meat section and the vast choices the offer back there.
1 Food was average but the service was terrible!  Waitress seemed totally put out at our presence and even hung her purse on a chair at a table next to ours seemingly to imply she was ready to leave but we had fouled that up by walking in.  We asked only 3 questions and were met with curt responses.  I ordered a stuffed burger and swapped my fries for the twice baked potato and still was charged the full price for the damned thing.  So my burger and potato came out to over 15 bucks with taxes and they refused to give me credit for the fries that I traded in... never again...
5 BUTCHER SHOP ONLY  Been a regular this butcher shop for years . . . until I moved even farther out . . . but this morning I thought some great steaks sounded good . . . so with that I decided to make the long trek back to this long forgotten butcher shop.  It was definitely worth the trip . . . the service was great . . . quick . . . and attentive . . . even though as always . . . they were extremely busy.  Not only did I pick out some great steaks . . . I also picked-up some brats / hot dogs / kabobs . . . all grilled up great.  It had been way too long since my last visit . . . but next time . . . and there will be a next time . . . it needs to be much sooner . . .
1 Restaurant only....we stopped in tonight and were not impressed. 5 Year old specifically ordered a hamburger, ketchup and cheese only. It came with all the fixins and we had to pick them off. He does not like pickles and did not like the juice on his bun. The bun was huge and it was hard. The cheese that he wanted stuck to the lettuce. The fries tasted like they were cooked in old oil.  Hubby ordered a pasta dish with Seafood. He ate half and then the waitress was helping the couple at next table - the woman wanted to know about the seafood dish so the waitress asked if he liked it. His reply, "it was okay". When asked if he would order it again, he said, no, it was not that good. Me, I ordered the Taco Salad. Took one bite and the meat-bean mixture was cold. I sent it back and it looked like it came out new (I had stirred it up), again, the meat-bean mixture was cold - I had two bites. It was tasted like lard since it wasn't warmed to the right temp. Ordered a slice of pie and mentioned to the waitress that the taco salad was cold which, it why I didn't eat it. She was going to comp the $1.00 pie.  I mentioned at the register that I did not eat the Taco Salad and asked for it to be removed and I would pay for my pie. He offered to remove $5. That left me paying $3.99 for a Taco Salad that I did not eat. I told him that was fine but I would not be back. He said, sorry to hear that.  The couple sitting next to me did not receive the correct steak. The cook made a rib-eye instead of a strip or something to that effect. In short, the cook made an error on their order. Reading other reviews. It sounds like they need a new cook in the kitchen. I would give the waitresses more stars, they are really hard trying to make up for lack of help in the kitchen. They were fun and joked with my son before the meal arrived.   I recommend the butcher shop, we have been a customer for years. Their meat is good and I love their twice bake potatoes. Buy a steak and cook it at home. Skip the restaurant.
5 Such delicious and high-quality meat.  In order of importance:  First, always first: Bacon.   Next, we love the pre-formed and frozen Hamburger Patties (the only hamburgers we will grill).  They also have the filled (with cheese or other deliciousness) patties for you to buy- which are what they serve in their restaurant.  Think: your favorite savory goodness wrapped in a rotunda of mouth-watering-ground-beefness, put it on your grill, enjoy delicious flavor.   Thirdly we buy the chuck roast, which I cook in the crock pot or pressure cooker and is bizarrely tender and delicious.   D) Amazing steaks.  You'll be freaked out by grocery store steaks after you see how quickly these cook and how tender they are... these are natural and high quality, which makes me wonder what the crap they do to the meat at the grocery store to make it grocery store meats so nasty in comparison. 5. Chicken breast.  Huge.  Just... huge.  Dolly parton huge.  And way juicier than grocery store chicken.  Lastly:  Stew Meat which I use to make very tender beef stroganoff.  Or stew.    Prices same/comparable to any grocery store's regular meat prices.   They also have dog bones for you to buy for your Woofie-shaped friends.
5 My husband and I ate here last week in their restaurant and we were not disappointed. I had the New York strip steak, and he had the burger with mushrooms and plenty of cheese. We absolutely loved the taste of our choice meats.  We plan to go back very soon, the restaurant is wonderful. I have not ordered from the deli yet, but I have heard that is where they really shine, so it is planned for next time.
5 First I went to the bakery.  Which is great yummy yummy stuff! Great pies and fresh bread.  The ice cream is only 50 cents! Then after weeks of this I tried the butcher shop. Unbelievable good pork chops! And bacon is wonderful! Family loved that meal I made.  Tried to get in to eat at restaurant but too packed with snowbirds :( came back with my husband and kids and are this summer after snowbirds finally left. And wow! My ribeye sandwich was great.  My husband loves his taco salad. My daughters both got chef salads and they were so huge they couldn't finish them.  The prices are unbelievably great!!! Then we found out that Monday-wed they take care of locals by offering two for one meals.  So of course we have been back alot.  In the winter the snowbirds will be back but for now this is a great deal and place.  It is on our top 5 places to eat! I give it a thumbs up!!!
5 I've only ordered bakery goods so far but they have been great,  we ordered 2 piecakes last time and they were awesome.  It's a pie baked into the middle of a cake.  I got them for a graduation party and they were a huge hit.  I placed my order through the website and they were very quick to respond and stay in touch.  When I went into pick them up they also had some dog treats that I snatched up too.  Over all the experience was great, well worth the 20 minute drive from our house. Thanks again for the service and food
