5 Casual dining at it's best. Great view, food, and service.
3 Great place to enjoy a lovely view. We went for lunch on a Sunday. The day was perfect and the views remind me of why people come to the valley.  The three of us were satisfied with our meals. I think my prime rib french dip won over the chicken pot pie or kobe burger, although all were good. It seemed quite casual and the service was also. It lent to the layed back tranquility. I wouldnt go there in a rush. Thought the happy hour looked enticing although it is too far afield to drink and then have to get home. We shall return!!!  Came back a second time and was disappointed in our meals that took forever to get after ordering. It was good, not great. Loved the Bloody Mary Bar.
5 We have always enjoyed the atmosphere and food. Always good!  The service is great, they remember you even if you've only been in a few times. They are accommodating to kids as well. We are now "regulars" :). Will go here as long as they will have us!
4 We have been to Rusty Putter many times, and enjoy it immensely.   About 6 weeks ago, the service was very slow, as they were swamped with people.  They gave us complimentary Nachos, and were very apologetic, but anyone could see they were doing their best and trying hard  I would recommend to anyone
4 Great menu. Delicious food. Some of the best sunsets in the world out on the patio.
5 One of the best kept secrets in Mesa. When it was The Rusty Putter I tried it a few times and thought it was average at best. Two months ago I tried it after a friend's recommendation and loved it.  They have Happy Hour 7 days a week from 3-7 and all day Monday during the summer. The new Chef revamped the entire menu. My kids and I always enjoy the Flatbread, Fish Taco's, Lettuce Wraps and Kale salad.  They are all $5 at happy hour.
2 Great Happy Hour but very crowded. Dinner is overpriced and the service leaves a lot to be desired. Had the Scallops ($26) and got 3 of them with 3 pieces of asparagus. Not worth the price. server for got to order one of our four entrees. We told them to forget it, we didn't want to wait. Go for the happy hour menu, but don't stay for dinner.
1 Over the last two years the food quality is consistently going downhill. Their happy hour selection is filled with fried carbohydrates and the wine selection is cheap. During the cooler months when you want to sit on the patio and enjoy the views it's difficult to get a seat and happy hour is not recognized. Could be a great place they need to bring their quality up
