4 Be a man. Go to a real barber shop. At Joe's, you'll rarely get your hair cut by Joe, though you will see him every once in a while (this guy has been cutting hair for over 65 years). Instead, you'll choose from one of 8 barbers there to try and find your favorite one. Plan on seeing a lot of manly men who talk about sports and politics. Don't plan to see any fashion magazines, don't plan to pay with your credit card (cash only), and don't plan to get your scalp massaged before your cut. Do plan to get your neck and sideburns shaved with hot shaving cream and a straight razor. What else would you expect? You're a man.
5 I had always wanted to go to this place being a Mesa native all my life. It's practically a local landmark that I can't think what Mesa would be without it. Seeing that my original barber had retired, I decided to make a trip out there just to see what it was about. The only downside was that they only take cash, but hey, it's a vintage place right ;)  Moses was my barber and did a great job. Obviously I will be returning in the near future.
5 Great place, a genuine barber shop, not some fru-fru "salon". I'm glad I found this (thanks to Yelp! reviews) and will be going back regularly. Plenty of chairs, no waiting and a good cut for $12.
4 Had my first cut there today.  Looks good!  The wait was non-existent, and the price was right.  I'll be back.
4 I stopped in to get my  20 Month old son's haircut.  The only lady barber in the shop had a seat open and I plopped my boy in.  She did an amazing job with his hair and he looked quite slick and ready for school pics at daycare.  I decided to jump in and get my hair cut, since i was impressed. Miss Barber did a great job on my whig too.  I couldn't believe it, I looked like a sane man, that someone might even stop and ask directions from.  I wish I caught her name  but I will take my son back, when he and I can no longer stand our hair tickling our ears and necks.
5 Great haircuts time after time for a good price. Old school craftmanship. They have TV monitors all around the barber shop to watch while you wait. An excellent experience.
5 Good old school barbershop. This place has been open for decades! they are also about the least expensive barbershop around.
5 Walked in and was welcomed and served immediately.  Good price, friendly staff, old school barber atmosphere, and best of all... A great haircut! I'll definitely be back.
