5 While I was in Mesa on a business trip, my hotel gave me a list of restaurants in the area. When I saw that there was a local German restaurant, I HAD to go (my dad is from Germany, and I loooove German food). This place is neat because when you walk in, you're standing in a hallway. If you go left, you end up in the restaurant, or if you go right, you're headed towards the bar. Either one worked for me, but I was hungry.   You seat yourself here, so don't stand around and wait to be seated - you'll be standing there forever. When I chose my seat, I was greeted with a basket of warm (delicious) bread and a glass of water. Good start! I ended up ordering a bowl of soup and the salmon (way to go for authenticity, Nicole! Oops!). The soup was a celery soup with a creamy beef broth base. I've never had anything like it, but it was awesome! The salmon was to die for. I wish I could vouch for some of the more authentic German dishes, but I'm a seafood lover. Sorry!  Either way, I don't see how they could make *any* bad food. Everything I saw looked delicious, and my food was great.  **Update** I went back in July (another business trip)... and had the salmon again. D'oh! I know, I know... sorry!! lol BUT!! I DID take an order of bratwurst and sauerkraut back to my hotel room with me to heat up later, and it was awesome! Soo good :D
4 it's been years since i went, but it was really, really cool. the setting is exactly what you'd expect from an authentic German rest., it was dark with lots of wood, very old world style. this was the first place i tried frog legs (isn't that a French thing?) but they have tons of great food.
4 My friends and I keep coming back to Bavarian Point for one main reason - the beer.  The beer selection isn't anything mind-blowing (although it's not bad either), but the fact that you can order 1-liter beers that come in enormous beer glasses larger than your head is a novelty we can't find much of anywhere else.  Oh yeah, and the food's good too, so that doesn't hurt.  We've been a few times now and always have a great time.  I personally feel the food is a little on the expensive side at around $20 an entree, but that's not too pricey.  Most of the food is very good, although I've had one or two things that I would put into the "just okay" category.  They also have lots of dinner specials every night, so if you don't see anything on the menu that appeals to you they might have a special that you'd like better.  Dinner also comes with a pretty well-stocked salad bar, so that's a plus.  Service is always excellent - we generally end up talking to our server for awhile when we're here (blame the 1-liter beers) and they're always really friendly and outgoing.  Recommended.
4 I was born and raised in Germany.  I came here last night to entertain my boyfriend and his family.  We showed up at about 6:45 pm and I don't believe we were served before 7:45 pm.  The restaurant was packed as was the bar (which surprised me for being in that part of Mesa), so we seated ourselves in the bar, where we each had a drink.  $21 bucks, not bad for four.  I had my "dreckigen" (the 'dirty'), or "coke-beer" for those who don't know, and it was refreshing.  They serve you in large glasses too but the beer is so smooth, it really goes down easy.  When we were seated and looked at the menu, none of us could decide on one thing.  It all looked great and of course, by now we were just starving.  We each made an order, I got the "Schweinebraten" (Pork with dumplings and sauerkraut).   We were then served bread and asked to help ourselves at the full salad bar.  The salad bar had lots to offer, and certainly helped to hold us over for dinner.  I was a little embarassed how long it finally took to get our food.  It's pretty custom to have to wait for your meals in Germany.  When you order, you must expect a wait of at least 30 minutes but I wasn't accustomed to that anymore (call me americanized!).  But fortunately everyone was fine (thanks to the great bread and salad bar) and we weren't in a rush.  Once dinner finally came (and the restaurant started to clear out slowly), everyone seemed happy with their dish.  I really should have ordered a Schnitzel, the pork was too 'smokey' for me, and the dumplings were not the kind I enjoy, but if you enjoy pork, you should be able to enjoy this dish.  I was trying to be 'different' and go for something 'new' but usually there is a reason why you like what you like and why you should probably stick to what you like ;) Point is, we all had a good time, the plates were big, we went home with left overs, I think it was a nice experience and I do recommend it.  Just make sure you get the Schnitzel or Wurst next time ;)
3 My husband took me here for mothers day. I had been craving sauerbrauten It was pretty good but not the best german restarant I have ever been to. My family is german/polish so I grew up eating really great german food probably the reason I am so picky. I ordered the Sauerbrauten it was good but not the same sourness I am used to. Also the dumplings were different then I was used to. I guess if I want it to taste like Grandpas I will have to keep making it myself. I know food to a certain extent is all about personal taste and the food was good just different than what I am used to is all.They give you good size portions so don't wear that form fitting outfit if you go.The beer I ordered was very good. I can't remember the name, the server suggested it. The only thing I would caution is if you have limited time you may want to go another day. They are definitely on the slower side at getting out your order.We almost missed our movie because of it. All in all I would go back. as making my grandpas recipes takes alllll day
4 This was my first German food experience. I was hesitant at first, but after we went, I was impressed. I had the Fried cornish game hen and it was yum with a side of Spaetzle and I could have had a whole plate of that! I haven't gone back but I need to.
3 The food is decent, I've had German food in Germany and this place is really close.  I had the jagerscnitzel and it is pretty tasty.  The lingonberry crepes are really good, they are huge, could be a meal.  Nice selection of German beers and German wine.  The lettuce on the salad bar is lacking, but the rest was good.  The place is overall clean looking but don't look up.  The amount of cobwebs on the chandeliers and cords was grossing me out, also, please wash the walls by the booths.
4 Possibly the most underrated cuisine out there, German food is full flavored, and Bavarian does not disappoint.  3 friends and I went for dinner on a Thursday.  At 6:30 there was plenty of seating room, the place was clean and the service was prompt.  We got 1 lamb shank, 1 pork shank and sausage platter with 3 different sausages.  Everything was really good, I liked the lamb shank the best.  Although I was only able to eat half of my meal, the german potatoes (much better than the mashed potatoes) went great with a couple eggs the next morning, and the remainder of the shank and sauerkraut  will be gone tonight!  I will be back to try the goulash.  If it's as good as everything else, I'll be bumping them up to 5 stars.
4 Bavarian Point shares a street address with another German restaurant, but this one is at the far end of a long row of shops and eating placesand is by far the more upscale of the two.  The meal does not start out auspiciously. Your entree comes with a choice of soup or salad bar. The salad bar  comprised a motley bunch of limp stomach stuffers, so we opted for the soup of the day, which apparently always turns out to be a rather tasteless celery soup. How about giving us a choice of ordering the Goulash soup, even for a buck or two supplement?   Things greatly improved when the main courses arrived. My brother got the special of the day, an overflowing platter of half a meaty duck with spaetzle. Since I love spaetzle, I offered to relieve him of the excess. They were good! I ordered a house special called Bauernschnaus. This included tender pork roast, a beef roulade,  a very tasty smoked pork loin, a gigantic but light dumpling, and red cabbage, which I requested in lieu of mashed potatoes (how stuffed can you get?). Excellent choices all around.  Everything was washed down with several of their fine choices of draft German beers, available in three sizes. I needed the 34 ounce Dark Wartsteiner to rightfully polish off my platter.   Waitress, dressed in Bavarian getup, was  helpful, the ambience  pleasant, and the noise level very moderate.  Some work on the soup selection and/or  salad bar would increase the rating here. I'll check back next time I'm in Phoenix  and let you know.
3 I would give the food 4-5 stars, the restaurant and service 2 stars.  The food was super yummy - my Gram, a German foodie was super satisfied.  The   When we arrived for lunch at the restaurant, we waited for about 10 minutes before we were seated (there was only was other customer at the restaurant when we arrived).  We were told to pick our table and once we did we noticed how dirty the place was.  There was a layer of dust on all of the lamp shades, a layer a grime on the walls, oil stains on the table cloth and a flat out used/dirty plate with butter and crumbs on it.  Later, when my 5yo daughter dropped her napkin under the table - she went down to get it and came out with another dirty napkin and some empty wrappers from crackers.
4 This is probably actually a 3 1/2 star review, but I'm throwing in the extra half-star because this is actual German cuisine, and that is increasingly rare. Some of the food is prepared with a heavy hand (i.e., a bit overcooked, flavors not as bright and distinctive as one would like) and the portions can be a bit overwhelming. Nevertheless, our large group of family and friends that tried this place for the first time walked away (or I should say, waddled) quite satisfied.  Highlights: Good beer selection, friendly staff, extensive menu with the emphasis on meat and pork, stick-to-your-ribs German comfort food, gemütlichkeit (ambience).  Lowlights: A long wait to be seated, even though seating was available and I had called well in advance to put in a reservation.  I just had to try the Gulaschsuppe (Hungarian gulash soup) because I have such found memories of it from Germany. It was a meal in itself and had much more stew meat than I was expecting. It did deliver on flavor, however, with just enough paprika-forward peppery goodness. Best to share this if you are saving room for an entree.  For my entree, I had the Bauernschmaus ($17.95): combination of pork roast, roulade and smoked pork served with sauerkraut, dumpling and mashed potatoes. This seemed like the best "sampler platter" to satisfy my desire to try an array of flavors. The roulade is "beef roll", or a thin cut of beef stuffed with pickles, onion and bacon. The pork roast and smoked pork were a bit overcooked, but I realize this is how pork is traditionally cooked (unlike nowadays, where trichonosis is not an issue, so you can actually serve it a bit rarer). The sauerkraut and mashed potatoes were just o.k. This was a monstrous plate of food, most of it meat!  Others at the table weighed in with satisfied yummy sounds upon digging into their tasty meals. These included the Wurst Peanne ($13.95): polish sausage, bratwurst, knackwurst served in a pan with sauerkraut and fried potatoes; and the Forsterkotelett ($15.95): sauteed pork chops covered with portobellos and mushrooms, served with herb potatoes, bacon (green) beans and applesauce. Although the schnitzel (breaded pork cutlet) covered half a plate, it looked a little less crispy than what I would have preferred.  All in all, you get a solid German meal experience here. If I had come with fewer people, I would have shared more and maybe ordered fewer entrees (since many can feed two). But mom was throwing down the plastic and it had been a while since I overindulged, so we all let our German appetites run wild.  If you can only eat one meal today, you will be über-satisfied with a meal from Bavarian Point. Prost!
4 A friend enlightened me to this place on Memorial Day.  They were open...so that was a good start.  I'm a sucker for good German food (but quick to be annoyed by German slop claiming to be good food).    The Goodness:  They were open on Memorial Day, that's a good start.  $5.50 0.5liter beers is another good starting point (I got a tasty hefeweizen myself).  We both had one of their off menu specials, the Lamb Loin.  It came out green beans that were mixed up and cooked with bacon and fried up and potatoes that appear to have been fried up in Parmesan cheese or something.  They were all sitting in this tasty dark liquidy gravy next to this perfectly cooked and seasoned lamb loin. The lamb loin did require a knife to cut it up...but it was still very tender.  Tender and tasty.  I can't quite describe what it tasted like.  It is kind of like a good roast, but better.    The Meh/Bad:  While the barkeep/waitress was nice enough....we were pretty much the only people sitting at the bar.  Having to wait about 10 minutes before seeing anyone was kind of blah.  Add to that when my friend asks the lady if they have any "lunch specials" she rattles off their list of "specialties" (off-menu "specialties").  We were unaware that we had this much of a misunderstanding...until the bill came...then we were keenly aware.  Not sure anything "on-menu" was that expensive.  It cost each of us $30 for the meal and a beer ($5.50 for a half liter of good German beer is pretty good though).    Conclusion:  This place is worth the visit.  Authentic and good German food.  You do have to suffer the service though....which maybe our experience was unusual...but it really could've been a lot better.
3 Tonight we had dinner for 4 at the Bavarian Point Restaurant. This is one of those classic Mesa strip mall restaurants that almost every non-chain restaurant is forced to be located in. The strip mall is pretty weak, plus the fact that the strip mall is located in eastern Mesa / Apache Junction, which makes it a little rough to look at to start with.   The insides are definitely old. This place surely caters to the elderly patrons that live in the area. The chairs are wobbly and the vinyl of the booths if fading and cracked. The lights are from the 60, or 70's at best, but I'm not sure if that's just because the place is old, or because it's some sort of German theme.   The menu is a little pricier than expected: about $15 - $20 for most entrées. We asked the waitress to recommend something. She spouted off about 10 things, but everything was in German and we still had no idea what to order. When she came back for our order we just pointed at our dishes and hoped for the best.   I ordered the Weinerschnizel, which I don't think I've ever had. It wasn't at all what I expected. I was thinking it was some type of sausage / bratwurst type dish. The dish came with what they called fries, but they were basically baked potato chips, but they were quite good. The weinerschnizel was pretty good too. I ordered the veal version, as opposed to the pork.   My brother ordered a sausage dish which was fantastic. 3 large sausages, pork, beef, and veal. We weren't sure which one was which, but I'm pretty sure I really liked the pork and beef sausages, but the veal one was a little dry.   My sister-in-law ordered a walnut crusted chicken dish. She is prenant so she ended up drenching it with lemon juice to bring out the flavor so by the time I tried it, it was a little hard to swallow.   My wife ordered a great beef dish that was very, very moist. It came with the same delicious 'fries' that came with my dish, as well as a red cabbage Sauerkraut which was decent, but had a minor beet flavor to it. It came with crisp onions and was fantastic.  Overall we enjoyed the food, but it was a little pricey and I'm not sure we will make it back soon, but it was worth a shot.
5 I come from a very long line of amazing German cooks.  Bavarian is the only place I have found that holds a candle to moms cooking. The food is very authentic and super tasty. The specials are always great. I prefer to sit in the bar area instead of the dining room.  I sometimes just stop by here for a great German beer. The clientele is very diverse, but there are definitely a lot of regulars.  Don't let the exterior fool you. This place is good. Hope to see you there.   Prost!!
4 Other than the long wait to be seated, the restaurant is great. The food was delicious.
1 I can't believe the other reviews I have read, it's like I went to a completely different restaurant. Lets start from the beginning, as we walked into the restaurant I was greeted by our soon to be waitress smoking a cigarette two feet from the door. Appetizing. Then after being seated and getting some pretty tasty bread I went to the salad bar.  YIKES!  Can you say e-coli?  This also brings me to the word of the night was luke-warm.  This applied to my husbands beers, to the salad bar and to the food that took an hour to be served.  Did I mention that I was served the wrong food.  And not just a little wrong but completely a different dish.  After I recieved what I actually ordered I decided to stick with the bread.  The beef was a salt lick, and the dumpling was as solid as a brick.  This place was such a disappointment.  I felt sick after leaving and needless to say I will not be back.
1 I took my parents to Bavarian Point on word of mouth. I should have used YELP!   I am sad to report that this was the worst experience I've ever had. From the moment we walked in - there was a lack of attention. I honestly thought it was a seat yourself type of place, because there was NO ONE, NO ONE in the front to great you. Now, I've never been to a German restaurant and it can be a bit overwhelming. I don't know what the hell to order! It made it worse that the menu was in German, I get that I am in a German place, but last I knew - we aren't taught German in school and when the person came around to take our order, I swear it was at least 30 min. Terrible!  While we were waiting for our mystery food my mom found a baby roach on the table! She trapped it under her water glass that was empty, due to lack of service - but THAT WAS IT!  We walked out - we had to...   All I can say is Good Luck to you if you eat there! May there not be any roaches in your food or table!  PROST!
5 This place is FANTASTIC!   The food is truly top of the line.  My favorite German dish, the sausage sampler, is done better here than at any other German restaurant I have been to in the U.S., and I have been to a handful, and always order the same thing(s).  The salad bar is exceptional  as well.  It always has some of the best potato and macaroni salad around in addition to fresh fruit and a variety of salad ingredients and dressings.
5 The food is 5 star quality; however I have been coming here for 25 years and the decor has not changed - it is getting a bit tired looking.  I would take away a star for the decor if the food wasn't so darn yummy.  The food is AMAZING!  My favorite is the jaeger schnitzel and I highly recommend it. The soups change daily and I have never had a bad soup - even soups that I normally don't care for are wonderful here.  I always get the soup instead of the salad bar because you can eat salad anywhere, right?  If you are a vegetarian, this is NOT the place for you!  If you are watching your caloric intake, this is NOT the place for you!    You know how they say you eat Chinese food and 30 minutes later you're hungry? When you eat German food, 72 hours later you are hungry!  German food is heavy and rich.
2 I love German food, and as far as the food went at Bavarian Point, they had some good eats. The *only* reason I'm giving the restaurant two stars instead of one is the food. Their rindsroulade was very good, and the red cabbage and spaetzle were excellent. But the quality of the food was undercut by the poor service. It was bad enough that I wouldn't return, and certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone else. As others have noted, there was no-one to greet or seat us -- not even a sign saying "seat yourself". Our waitress took a LONG time to make it to our table to take our drink orders, and when she did, she was complaining about something and looked put-out in general. When my wife ordered a beer, the waitress told her that it would be more expensive because it wasn't available on tap. Now, that could be useful information, but the manner in which she told my wife was defiant rather than helpful. Believe me, we gave her no reason to be so sour --  it was clear that this particular waitress was clearly unhappy -- whether with her job or life, it's hard to say. It's too bad, really, because the food *was* good. But why would anyone want to eat at a restaurant whose workers are either nowhere to be found, or miserable? Not me.
5 The food here was amazing.  Rare to find such high quality authentic food.  I would say don't go in there if you are in a hurry, but I actually found it to be refreshing to not be shoved in and shoved out.  The place is not a chain, which means that it's not going to be polished shined (and utterly crap) but is a place focused on making you great food in a comfortable environment.  The live accordion player was a really nice touch as well.
2 I've been going here for quite a while, somehow I think this place is going down hill quick.  Salad bar as always was kind of odd looking.  As always it was somewhere between mediocre and average.   I had the sausage plate.  Sausage good, potatoes good, red cabbage good.  Wife had jager schnitzel (or however it's spelled).  Schnitzel was as tough as leather.  Sauce and mushrooms were good however.  Spatzel...well it was spatzel.  We ordered desert...apple strudel.  Bleh!  In the past it was pretty good.  This time almost on the edge of not worth eating.  A couple of other points...  - Some one mentioned the ratty ceiling tile.  It's still there  - I've noticed it before and just thought it was a one off thing...but for some reason they like to leave a vacuum cleaner in the dining room  - There's like two german restaurants on the east side of the valley...and they're both in the same parking lot.  How did that happen?  To be sure this place is in decline, maybe I need to go across the parking lot next time.
1 Very bad food!
5 I spent 6 years in Germany and my buddy who was with me Friday night is German. We absolutely loved the food. I had the lamb shank with the jäger (mushroom) gravy with the fried potatoes and red cabbage. A little Asbach to wash it down. Delicious. My buddy had the Bauernschmaus which he loved. Made him a little homesick.  The owner, Werner came out and said Guten Aben to everyone and asked how the food was. Just, a great experience.
3 I visited on New Year's Day hoping to find the traditional sauerkraut and sausage my parents used to make to start the new year. I did check out the Yelp reviews first and noted two restaurants in the same parking lot. I had a coupon for the other one, but discovered it was closed. The read the reviews for Bavarian Point and initially was hesitant. The overall star rating was slightly above average, but upon further review most of the very good reviews were old. The reviews from the past two years were poor-low, but I risked it and went inside.   One of the negative comments from other reviews stated the service was slow. It took a lot of time to be greeted and there wasn't a sign saying "please seat yourself". Both of these appear to have been addressed as there was a sign, I picked a table, and was immediately helped by what I presumed was the owner. It wasn't very busy when I arrived - only one table of three older ladies. As I stayed for my meal a few more small groups arrived.  I ordered the Wurst Pfanne - which was exactly what I was looking for (only more of it): polish sausage, Bratwurst, and Weisswurst served with sauerkraut and fried potatoes. The meal also came with my choice of salad bar or noodle & vegetable soup. I went with the soup and ordered a Spatan Dunkel to wash it all down.  The soup arrived quickly as did a free order of bread.   When the food arrived it was a large portion, garnished with Alf alpha sprouts, tomato, and a side of spicy mustard. For $15.95 it was more than I would typically spend on a lunch, but there was plenty of food to bring home. The beer was $5 and even though I didn't eat half of my meal I went for dessert too (another $5.50). They have apple strudel, but I went with cake. German chocolate is my favorite, but the server talked me into Black Forest. She said she liked German chocolate, but after having Black Forest she hasn't returned. This was good, but afterwards I would probably stick with German chocolate.   Overall the experience was good - the service was efficient, there restaurant had a nice appearance, and the food was excellent. I would probably give it another try.
5 Absolutely LOVE this place.   Authentic German food.
1 DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!!!   We have been driving by this place for years and finally decided to try it out. It was bluntly a WASTE of a date night. We arrived at 7:30pm, and after four different wait staff simply looked at us and kept going about whatever they were doing we decided to leave. As soon as we opened the door we were told a table was ready but the busboy. We should have kept walking out the door, but unfortunately decided to give the place a try even though we were never greeted.   Once we were seated the waitress took our drink and appetizer order. The coffee was horrible, and the ice tea was flavorless even with lemon. The salad bar was pathetic and the soup was mediocre at best. We placed our order within ten minutes of being seated. Thirty minutes later the waitress came by to ask if we would like dessert. We hadn't even received our dinner yet and she was asking if we wanted dessert!! I told her this, and 15 minutes later we received our plates. By this time our frustration level with the experience was quite high, and we immediately asked for carry-out containers.   The potatoes from dinner taste like boxed potatoes and not seasoned well. I ordered something with rolled beef with carrots and pickle in it. It could have tasted good if the meat wasn't dried out.   I'm 3/4 German but didn't grow up eating German food, so it this is an Authentic German eating experience I am forever thankful for my American food upbringing.  This was an unpleasant experience on every level, although I will say our server was nice even if the service wasn't. The $55 bill was definitely a cruel joke for such tasteless, and crappy experience.
3 Rating is based on one weekend lunch.  The place was mostly empty.  There was a sign that told customers to seat themselves.   There was a pleasant friendly waitress.  Leek soup was hearty and flavorful.  Warm crispy white baguette straight out of the oven. Wienerschnitzel with Bratkartoffel was good, not great, and was huge.  Sauerbraten was decent.  Booth seating available, comfortable.  Scenes from Germany on the walls.  Music varied from German pop to nondescript American. Would try them again if in the area, perhaps the traditional Herring and dill offering with boiled potatoes.
4 I would give them 5 stars for the food.  I was stationed in Schweinfurt, Bayern (Bavaria) and the food here at Bavarian Point is just as good as it was in Deutschland.  Their veal Cordon Bleu is the best I've ever had.  Everything made fresh, by hand, filled with flavor, and is decently priced.  I, unfortunately, must agree with the other raters re: decor and cleanliness.  The interior needs a complete overhaul.  Not saying that the structure is about to fall down--but there are quite a few aesthetic items that really need to have some $ pumped into them.  Service is decent--not top-notch, but never rude.  We usually arrive right when they open so that we receive "full attention."  The times we have been there when the bar has been full usually result in more attention being paid to the drinkers than the eaters.  So we time our visit accordingly.  Their desserts are phenomenal.  Can't say enough about that.  So my thought would be that if you're looking for top-notch food and are not that concerned with decor and service, you ought to check them out--they are more than authentic.  If service is a deal-breaker, maybe go somewhere else.
5 Excellent food, a relaxed atmosphere, large portions, and outstanding desserts.  For those of you that need someone to come along and tell you where to sit, how to order, how to sit, what to eat, etc. on your "date night".....go to Starbucks and get yelled at......leave the seats for someone more appreciative.
4 I lived in Germany for three years so I can expertly review this :-). Food was delicious, portions were huge, salad bar was beyond fresh and lots of variety to include German specialties. Would def go back again.
3 Solid food.  The waitstaff didn't seem to know a lot about the food or the beer though.
2 I'll make this simple. Not worth the money. As a 20+yr flight attendant I have eaten at many restaurants around the world. If you are a connoisseur of international fare then you will be sadly disappointed here. My boyfriend had the Veal Cordon Bleu. I had a sample of it. A 13 year old could have made it. A piece of pounded veal with swiss cheese and ham folded over and breaded. Then deep fried or pan fried. Bland. No spices. Blah. I had the stroganoff. The beef was dry. The side of mixed vegetables tasted of freezer burn. The waitress took our order. Delivered our drinks. Brought our meals and refilled drinks. Then never came back to check on us. We were finished for about 10 minutes before she came back to our table. We each ate approximately 3 or 4 bites  of our food. Our plates were still full. She asked if we needed "to go" boxes. We said no. You would think a waitress would then question us about the meal for feedback. Not her. She came back with our check about 5 minutes later. Lastly, the  salad bar is nothing to write home about. There is a german restaurant off of Indian School in Phoenix that does circles around this place.
4 I go here once a year for a friend's birthday dinner (his chosen tradition). The food is very good with authentic choices for those actual Germans who accompany us on this pilgrimage. The service is friendly and attentive if a little unpredictable (you never know what type of beer the waitress who has apparently worked there for 25 years will bring you - ha!). Definitely worth a visit if you are in this area. The pepper steak with spaetzle is really delicious.
3 I had the Tiroler Gröstl, a sampler of diced meats with German style potatoes. It was a tad salty for my usual taste, but overall very well prepared and seasoned. Service was very slow, and I had to wait much longer than usual for drink refills and general table service.    Overall assessment: Good food, dated decor, and waitresses leave much to be desired when it comes to attentiveness.  I would go back and back and try something new, in hopes that the lacking service was due to an off night and not normal operations.
3 My boyfriend is German and this is his favorite German restaurant. That being said, a few years ago I would have rated this place at 4 or 5 stars. Now, not so much. We went in a week ago and ordered our favorite, the goulash, and it was clearly not fresh just rezapped in the microwave. The flavor was excellent, but you could tell it wasn't freshly made, it was more like several days old. We also had the brautwurst sandwiches which were good as you can't really screw up brautwurst. I couldn't finish all of mine as it is 2 brautwursts with grilled onions and bread.   The positives: The food is good, reasonably priced and a good amount of it for the money.  The negatives: The beer taps run foamy alot, the sound system plays european radio that has nothing to do with Germany or even German music and the place is FILTHY! Someone needs to take a firehose to the place and clean it out! Don't look at the fabric lampshades hanging over the bar or you will be so grossed out, you won't be able to eat.
1 Sunday night was our Anniversary & we wanted to go out for supper.  Our favourite German Restaurant was closed, so we decided to try the Bavarian Point.  All was good, as far as seating, greeting & getting our drinks & order.  As we were eating our bread, a large beetle (cockrach?) started crawling up the salt shaker.  My husband took his napkin & squished it & held it until we were able to get the waitress attention & gave it to her & explained what it was.  She was appologetic.  I wanted to leave, but my husband didn't want to make a scene & said we would wait to see how she handled the situation.  The salad bar was good, but the Jaegerschnitzel was not a Schnitzel, but a thin tasteless pork steak in a very thin mushroom gravy.  The spatzel was ok, but lacked seasoning.  The Weinerschnitzel was good, but the German fries were just french fries.  The menu that is online is much more embelished & is not the same as in the one in the restaurant.    When the waitress brought the bill, we asked what she did about the bug - if she looked at it or showed it to anyone.  She said "oh, no, I just threw the napkin in the laundry".  We asked to speak to a manager.  She said there wasn't one.  So, we took her name & asked for the owners name & informed her that I would be contacting someone via internet, but their website has no means of contacting the owner or manager aside from by phone.  Needless to say, I will never go back to this restaurant, and intend to inform everyone of our experience.
1 We visited here for lunch and were somewhat disappointed.  My friend, a real German, ordered roulade, red cabbage and mashed potato.  The roulade was fine but it wasn't really hot.  The mashed potatoes were definitely from a box - not fresh.  The red cabbage was OKish but only lukewarm.  We probably would not return - would probably try Zur Kate, which is in the same strip center.
3 Bavarian Point has very good German food, but is a heck of a drive to get to. I also made the pilgrimage for a friends Birthday.   I stuck with what I know: Brats and Saurkraut. The Saurkraut was delicious. The Brats were pretty good, although I think that they gave me a sausage mixture.   Different friends ordered different plates, so I got to see a little of everything that was ordered.   Helpings are generous, Décor is dated, menu is solid German, and salad bar is questionable (is it German? or just a salad bar?)...
1 When we arrived at 6pm for dinner, the restaurant was busy but not full.  We were seated fairly quickly.  Then ignored for 30 (yes thirty) minutes, no kidding here.  We finally got bread and water from the single bus person in the entire place after about 10 minutes.  I asked one of the waitresses for help, after she took an order from a table that came in well after us.  She said she didn't know where our waitress was.  It appeared there were only two, and the one who sat us was our waitress.  The one who sat us was busy taking the order of a large table that also came in after us.  So once again, we asked the "not our" waitress who was annoyed I was asking her again and still didn't even attempt to get us any service.  The ONLY reason we waited as long as we did was my father wanted to take us to this place.  So finally, at 6:30 we left and went to Zur Kate, another German restaurant in the same parking lot.  Which was good all the way around, live accordion music was fun. Service with a smile instead of annoyance.  The food was pretty good and the prices were much better as well.  But hey - if you like water and bread (ok, the bread was good) then head on down to Bavarian point.
4 Having lived in Germany for 7 years, this is one of the few places where I have found good German food in the US. I would rate it 5 stars, but they really could improve on the service.
2 We went there on New Years Eve and while the atmosphere was pleasant the sticker shock on the menu wasn't!  We endured because it was a special occasion, but overall found the food to be of average fare; certainly nothing noteworthy.  The wait staff however was very attentive and pleasant which did some to overcome the general experience.    Overall, when looking for authentic German food, music and atmosphere at prices that are reasonable, there are other options available.  I really wish I could be kinder, but the tab versus the quality just doesn't make that possible.  Save your money.
4 The service here is usually very slow but the great food makes up for it.  Avoid the salad bar as it is nothing special. Pretty much anything on the menu is fantastic and worth the poor service.
4 We visited this restaurant as a party of 9 on a Saturday evening. Upon arrival, a busser tried to seat us, and had a problem understanding that we were a party of 9 apparently due to a language barrier, but it was quickly straightened out and we were seated in short order.  Warm bread with real salt butter was quickly brought to the table for our enjoyment. None of us wanted an appetizer, though they have a very nice list of them, and 8 of us opted for the salad bar, while one opted for soup. The salad bar was small but nicely laid out. I must say that I had the best beets of my life there, and another of our party said she had the most wonderful green beans she had ever eaten. Kudos for the nice start to our meal!  Our waitress came back to the table to tell us about the evening's specials. 3 of us ordered the Pork Osso Bucco from the special menu. Others ordered Jagerschnitzel, Weinerschnitzel, and one ordered a plate of scallops. A few of the items on the menu were not in keeping with German/Bavarian food, but it was all quite tasty.  All portions were big; big enough to satisfy the biggest appetite! The Osso Bucco was cooked to perfection, falling off the bone tender, and with a terrific, silky smooth sauce from the cooking with mushrooms in it.  All the schnitzels were properly pounded out thin, and just about completely covered the plates. The only word for them is huge. Companions all pronounced them to be excellent. The companion that ordered the scallops pronounced them to be perfect.   Most of our party took home a doggy bag, though I seriously doubt any of the dogs would get a bite of this hearty food. Dessert was unanimously Apple Strudel. It was different than any apple strudel I have ever eaten, and was not the highlight of the meal, though the sauce it was swimming it was heavenly. I probably could have ordered and drank an entire cup of the sauce!  Other reviewers have mentioned slow service in their reviews, but we found the pace of service to be just right. A constant stream of guests were seated while we were there and it did not seem to have an effect on the service. The place was clean, and the only dings were that the ladies room needs to be spiffed up a bit, and the A/C needs to be turned down a degree or two.  If you like hearty portions of German/Bavarian food I commend this place to you.
3 My wife and I do not normally eat German food.  We do however go once in a while.  We went to this restaurant recently and found it be quite interesting.  Yes, the decor is very "dated" or very traditional.  It is in need of a facelift.  However, the food, even though my wife and I do not normally eat German food, was very good.    I ordered the Filetgoulash Stroganoff.  My wife ordered Jagerschnitzel.  Both were very good.  They were quite heavy, as we are used to eating more Asian style food, but the food was good.    The German food here reminded me of something that I ate for lunch while transiting through Munich on my way to Firenze.  If the food were "lighter" I would go back.  Right now, though the food was good and tasty, my wife and I still find German food to be a bit heavy.
4 We sort of stumbled upon it  today and decided to have lunch.  We were in between lunch and dinner so it we were the only ones on the restaurant side and did things get fun.   The waitress gave us a quick break down on some dishes we weren't familiar with, but in the end we kept it simple. My daughter went with the house made brats and fries and was not disappointed. The flavor and texture of the brats were spot on perfection. (I will get them next time for sure)  I went with the pork Wienerschnitzel and German Potato Salad with a side of Kraut. A+, 2 thumbs up, 4 Silver spoons, etc.  The Apple Struedel sat in a bowl of fresh warm custard, very warm so more of a sauce, not a solid jiggly custard.    Can't wait to return!
5 Had a great time here with a big party. They gad great food and beer. There was a guy playing the accordion and lots of folks singing in German at the bar. We had a total blast!
3 Food was very good; authentic and good sized portions. But that's where I have to stop. Place is not very clean and in dire need of a renovation!  Bathrooms were filthy and the bench seats still had food on them. If they could clean up the place, it would be a place I would go back to. But I'm going to try the other German place a few doors down!
