4 I was having sensitivity on my left side whenever I would eat or drink so I called this location. They were able to get me in for an appointment the very next day. The receptionist could have been nicer when answering my questions.   I was very unhappy with how long I had to wait but it was worth it. After my x-rays and examination they were able to do all the work that same day.   One thing I hate about going to the dentist is the shot you have to get in the back of your mouth (if you have fillings done). The doctor did it so well I didnt even notice he was done.   The best part about this business is that they except payments and offer a wide range of services. I had $800 worth of work done and only had to pay $104 at the end of my visit and again in 2 weeks. Then after $89 a month until its paid off. You wont find this anywhere else, trust me I called 14 dentist's offices in the area.
2 Their oral surgeon was an asshole! Don't get me wrong glad this place takes payments and everyone else on staff was very nice. When I went for my wisdom tooth extraction was already a little nervous. The surgeon was extremely rude at one point actually sayin "don't make me raise my voice". I'm an adult and expect to be treated as such. Safe to say I will b paying them off and finding a nicer dentist. Even if it does cost me a little more.
4 Here's the gist...My new patient appointment was scheduled at 1:45pm. I left at 4:30pm despite the fact that I didn't have any dental issues that would require more time. Overall, the staff was friendly and they did a good job with my annual tooth cleaning. I was seen by two dentists, and the dental hygienist, Jill, was awesome!  Other than it taking a long time, I was pleased with their service. I also liked checking myself in on the touch screen kiosk, but would have preferred if the screen was pointed away from the waiting room as well as the glass front door. Their address is different than what's posted so be sure to get an update before going.
1 Stay far away from here!! I had braces put on by them and a few years later my teeth are still messed up! They screwed up my mouth so bad that every dentist I've gone to refuses to touch me until I have jaw surgery due to Western Dental's negligence. Then they sent me to collections for no reason which it has since been taken care of but that just shows how  negligent they are!
