5 A premiere outdoor shooting range in the East Valley. Well managed, and affordable memberships and per visit prices.Multiple ranges: The main public range has covered shooting benches with target holders from 25 to 300 yards with three clay bird throwers for Shotguns, A Practical Pistol range with 4 bays from 25 to 50 yards, A covered 40-position Smallbore Range to 100 meters, Covered long range rifle and pistol silhouette ranges to 500 meters, High power rifle range to 500 yards,Sporting Clays Range - 16 stations. But probably the best thing about RSSC is the competitive shooting matches it hosts. I would guess it has more matches in a month than some ranges have all year long (okay, I exaggerate). While it hosts several Major matches through the year, it's membership is comprised of many world-class shooters, so even its local matches are a cut above the rest. It's like going to your local golf course and being able to play a round with Tiger Woods! I've learned so much just watching these guys and shooting next to them. What a blast!
4 I've seen enough zombie movies to feel pretty competent in my knowledge of the undead.  But book learnin' ain't the same as street smarts, which is why I dig the Usery Pass Shooting Range.  Considering the fact that we're in a relative period of peace with regard to zombie human relations, I don't feel the need to own any fire power.  I like to be prepared, but I'm not paranoid.  Luckily, I get to work in some training drills when I go out with a couple of my well armed friends.  As a bonus, it's a very structured environment for target practice, with all sorts of park rangers keeping an eye on the going ons, so nobody ends up the victim of idiocy.  Like most newbies, I dig .22s because they don't have any recoil.  The range provides targets that you can stagger at different distances and I'm pretty good at close range.  But at close range that's just going to piss off a zombie and maybe it'll slow them down long enough for me to run.  Enter the AK-47 and the Russian M-44. Now I don't have testes, but when I'm holding these weapons I feel downright manly.  Ain't no demonic, soul sucking beasties getting to my brains.  Now, the nitty gritty details.  It costs six bucks for a day of shooting and you're required to have ear plugs and glasses.  I think there is some kind of member deal through the Rio Salado Sportsman Club, but I'm not interested in shooting small furry animals and that's what the word "sportsman" conjures up, plus I don't go nearly often enough to make use of a membership.  I'm only interested in pretending that the targets are slow lumbering undead with the all consuming desire to slurp up my learnin' juice.   It's kind of far to travel if you don't live in East Mesa, but it makes for a fun morning and you even get a consolation prize, a recoil bruise and striations from the butt of the AK.  Again, manliness.   I dare say, when the zombie apocalypse is nigh, I'll be prepared.  Or at least I'll know a couple people who are.
4 My Only regret about RSSC is that it's on the opposite end of the earth from me.  Myself and Chris H had a Man-Date here this weekend, this was the first time I've been to RSSC and I must say it's definitely got a lot to offer.  We arrived in the middle of their Day around 2PM and despite the range being full we were still both immediately able to get our own shooting benches. targets are dirt cheap compared to some ranges and the best part is a non-member can shoot there all day for a mere 7 dollars.  Whereas most of the indoor pistol ranges cost 15.00 just for an hour.  They provide, benches stools, benchrests, sandbags, most of what you need, minus the actual firearms and ammo.  We stayed around 3 hours and shot a variety of different guns of different calibers going all the way from .22LR up to .303 british, at ranges going all the way from 25 yards out to 100+ yards.  the rangemasters were aware but not breathing down our necks, they corrected shooters making safety mistakes, however more or less left us alone aside from the occasional glance since we both seem to be pretty safe around our guns.  it's quite a trek, but this might have to be a monthly thing.
5 Been there twice so far, VERY well run range. Range masters run it very professionally and it is also very affordable.
5 Great place for skeet and sporting clays that is open to the public  good prices and friendly staff.  They have token operated skeet for about $7 for 27 clay targets for non members.  $30 for sporting clays.
5 This is one of the best ranges I've had the privilage to shoot at. I just joined as a member, and have been shooting every week. Keep up the good work.
5 This range is awesome. Great location and it is super affordable. $7 for all day shooting. Pretty hard to beat that!
5 Rio Salado Sportsmans Club at Usery Mountain is a great outdoor shooting range.  The public range has provisions for pistols to 50 cal.  Targets can be set from 25 to 200 yards.  There are steel targets at 300 and 400 yards.  Each lane has a concrete table and two stools.  Most benches also have rifle rests with a couple of bags to support rifles.  This is a great place to sight in iron and optical sights.  There are also screens you can clamp to the table to deflect your brass.  There are spotter scopes for rent.  No ammunition for sale or guns to rent.  Minimum age on the range is 6.  There are a lot of families with kids that use this facility.  The range masters exercise close control over activities.  They are helpful with questions about guns and shooting.  They helped me clear a failure to extract jam in my AR-15.  The range is hot for 20 minutes at a time with the timer clock visible at the range master stand.  Range safety is explained at every cease fire.  They don't want anyone touching anything on the shooting table during cease fire.  They are really clear about that requirement.  Anyone that has a problem understanding safety rules will get an immediate personal explanation by a nearby range officer.  I received a few clarifications on my first visit.    As a former military guy, I understand when you mess up, you listen to the correction, say sorry and don't do it again.  No one argues with range officers about safety.  You can try, but that is a fast way to end your day at the range.  Don't take corrections personally.  It is really easy to do what they ask to keep everyone safe.  If you have an anger management problem, this is probably not a good place to go.  Be sure to check out the match events.  Weekend and evening matches are open to the public.  Tuesday night steel practical pistol matches cost $15 for non members.  There are some awesome marksmen at the matches.   If you can safely draw a pistol from a holster, you can participate.  Watching is free.  New participants are encouraged.  There are different classes of shooters based on past scores and weapon type.   New shooters are scored against other new shooters with similar guns.  You have to attend the free safety briefing before shooting  your first match.    Full auto belt fed matches, cowboy action matches and three gun matches are very interesting to watch.  There are some awesome  skeet ranges.  Stroll down a trail to various two position skeet locations.  Again, watching is free and everyone seems friendly and encouraging.  Buy tokens at the public range office for 27 clays costing $7.50.  The stations are easy to use.  Benches and some tables make the area inviting and leisurely.    If you are interested in an outdoor range, you have to visit this one.
1 Have been shooting my whole life.  Took my 9 year old son on his first shooting trip and while I was adjusting the target, he stood away from the table but was about a foot in front of the "blue safety line".  The range master got on the loud speaker and literally yelled at my son.  My boy was so emberassed he came to tears.  I figured, tough lesson but now he knows how serious the rules are.  A couple weeks later we returned, knowing full well the rules.  I had a holstered sidearm without a magazine.  One of the rangemasters had a complete shit fit.  I placed the pistol on the table and went to place our target.  When I returned, my son told me that the man called me a dumbass as I was setting up the target.  The rangemasters at this range are the worst I've ever seen.  They are arrogant, mouthy, rude, hateful and could all use a good old fashioned attitude adjustment.  We've been twice and will NEVER return...anyone wanting an ass-chewing or to be made to feel like a sub-standard human should go to this range!
5 Sporting clays is one of the funnest things in the world to me.  I've been shooting for  a few years now and this place is awesome.  Linda in the front is extremely nice and helpful.  I can't believe she is able to remember so many people's names.  It's definitely makes me feel special.  The stations are all very clean and they provide shade and cold water.  If I could afford to shoot everyday I would.  Shooting clays is like golf with guns; you walk from station to station surrounded by gorgeous scenery blowing little clay pigeons out of the sky.  Totally awesome!  They also have a room where they teach gun safety.  I'm thinking about having some of our company meetings here.
5 Spent a great afternoon last week on the pistol range. As a SAR technician I can't describe how much I appreciated the range master's commitment to safety. All rules are made clear and enforced. If you are thin of skin, as one reviewer revealed about himself, then buck up, buttercup. This isn't laser tag.  It was my first time here and all my questions were answered quickly and politely.  There are ample stations available with targets sold for a quarter. I imagine weekends may be much more crowded as would be expected. You can choose distances from about 10 to 200 yards.  This is an outdoor range and is well-maintained. You can keep your own brass or the range masters will collect on frequent sweeps.  While I was only on the pistol range, there were many more options available.  At $7.00 for a non-member day pass it is a bargain.  Really enjoyed my time there and I'll definitely will be back.
5 This is the best shooting range that I have been to.  Not only were they priced fairly, but the facilities to shoot were incredible!  We had a group of about 6 people and we were able to utilize a special skeet shooting range this past weekend.  The individuals that were conducting this special pre-dove season shooting were uber helpful and were able to provide key advice while shooting.  I wish that I lived closer to Phoenix so we could go more often.  I would recommend this to anyone of any level of expertise.
4 First, the good:  +RSSC is a lot more travel-friendly for us east-siders than BASF up in the far north. +The RSOs are very strict (as they should be) but not confrontational. If you're stupid enough to argue with an RSO, then I don't know what to tell you except to find an uncontrolled shooting spot. And if you feel an RSO is being unprofessional, tell the rangemaster. +The range fee is entirely reasonable. The cost of a single annual membership is equal to a monthly visit for a year, so if you go more than once per month, it's a good deal. +The sandbag rests are most helpful for those of us who don't want to invest in a Lead Sled or similar, nor deal with the hassle of hauling the thing to the range and back. +Decent selection of targets at very cheap (and on the honor system) prices.  Now, the not so good:  -The parking lot's proximity to the main range means you'd better damn well put your ears on before you get out of your car, and make sure the windows are rolled up before you leave the paved road. -Ditto the check-in office, which makes conversing with the guy in the office a huge PITA. -The shooting stands are pretty closely spaced. If you happen to end up next to someone shooting a heavy caliber (or even an AR) with a muzzle brake (which brings up a point, who the hell needs a recoil reduction device on a freakin' AR in the first place?), you *will* feel it.  All told, RSSC is a damn good range and highly recommended.
5 Great place to come out and shoot on the weekends!!  We bring a few handguns and a rifle and shoot just about every Saturday.  The staff has been very friendly and helpful and always works with us to keep our group together.
1 I have heard about this range for a while, and finally got a chance to visit the facility today (around 10AM~12PM Jan 4) to test shoot my new gun.   While shooting at the table, I was bothered by one of the RSOs. The cause is one of my back heels possibly stepped(unintentionally and I didn't realize) on the yellow line while I was shooting. The RSO rushed to my back, and yelled at me very rudely. I was totally shocked and felt seriously offended and embarrassed. I do respect the rules because that's essential to everyone's safety, but as a customer I did not feel I was treated properly. Everyone makes mistakes, giving such human nature, it's the RSO's responsibility to correct and help customers instead of approaching them in such a unfriendly and threatening way.
5 Come early! the tables get filled after 9am.  I really like this range and the rangers here.
4 This is a great range!  I have been coming here off and on for several years and each time I have enjoyed it. They have several different length shooting ranges and an indoor one as well.  All of them are in very good shape and serve different functions from pistol to very long range shooting.  It is the most professionally run range in in the area in my opinion.  The Range Safety Officers are quite a serious lot and do not suffer fools gladly.  I have had a few experiences being chastised (even rather unfairly, in my opinion). At the end of the day however,  with a firing line jammed with shooters of varying degrees of competency, I reckon it's better to be safe and a maybe a little humbled than risk being fitted for a pine box.  The vast, vast majority of the RSO's are super nice people who are more than willing to help out any way they can.  Also, very importantly, if you are new to shooting they are sage givers of advice.  If you ask for help they are more than willing to do what they can.  It's a great place to meet like minded folks and when it's not too blasted hot the hours and rounds fly by.    Try it...you'll like it!
5 Having the luxury of shooting at dozens of ranges both private and public accross the USA, I can say without exception that Rio Salado has the most diversity and offers more venues for every type of shooting than any other.  The cost of membership is around $110 a year. I am a competitive Action Pistol , and Sporting clays shooter.  Having shot for over 40 years, I find the RSO's and RM very competent and willing to help you if asked. There is no substitute for SAFETY and the RSO's are vigorous to insure you go home with the same number of holes in you that you came with.  So many use the term 'Range Nazi' to describe range officials......OH, so sophomoric. Please show some tolerance and recognize that they are there to make the range and other shooters safe from you.
