5 Paul from J&H Plumbing just left after removing a clog from a shared mainline in my apartment. Although they were called by the complex Management, J&H provided the best, friendliest service I have ever received. Their crew takes extra precautions to ensure they limit water damage if dealing with a leak and are very approachable. I would recommend J&H to anyone!
5 I have delt with several plumbing companies and hands down J and H is the best. Jesse came out to the house to look at my problem and although it was not completely a plumbing problem he took the job and scheduled a date to fix my issue. He was very knowledgable and explained in detail all the work he was doing. They are an honest company and I was very pleased with the price and quality of work. Thank you guys so much for all your help. You are my go to people for any plumbing problems. Thanks again!!!
5 J & H PLUMBING is best plumbing company in the valley by far.  I have a salon, so it is a huge deal if we have any kind of plumbing problems.  They have helped me out when time was critical.  I know I can call Jessie and he will do whatever it takes to get me up and running.  No matter what time of day or night.  And they make sure I understand the problem, how they will fix it, and what the cost will be.  Which has always been fair.   It is such a relief to know I can trust J & H plumbing to do the job as soon as I need it, do it right, and charge me a fair price.   Their plumbers are the best, their office staff is on top of everything, and, for me, it is such a relief to know that I don't have to worry about any plumbing issues - they've got my back.   I recommend J & H Plumbing to anyone who is looking for honest, fair, immediate service.  There is no one else I would turn to.
1 I was very disappointed with my experience with this company.  I had them scheduled for a quote for some shower work. They were a no call no show.  Once someone finally came the next day, about a week went by without a quote. When I called to complain, the manager had poor customer service and was very defensive blaming me for not following up.  Overall this has been a negative experience and I would not recommend using this company.  Based on this ordeal of getting a quote, I would not trust this company with any work done to my home.
5 J & H Plumbing just save me again.  This time my house.  And, as always, they were explained what they were doing and were in and out in no time.  I am glad I never have to worry if the job is done right and at the right price.  If anything, I am pleasantly surprised that it's less than I expected. They have also been there when I needed them at my business.  One night at 11:30 p.m.  They were wonderful.  And Jesse even stopped by the next morning to make sure everything was perfect.  It was. J & H Plumbing is a company you can trust.  For me, that's a big deal.  Trust is a huge issue, especially during these times.
1 Horrible company, dishonest pricing - DO NOT HIRE. For details, read on:  I was quoted 89$ per hour to fix a broken hose bib behind my house.  I was at work, but my wife was home. Two plumbers arrived to my home to make the repair. I received a phone call 37 minutes after they arrived (I compared my call log to the arrival time on their invoice) from the plumber suggesting I replace a second shut-off valve in front of my house. He said his total time would be no more than 90 minutes.  After the job was completed, the invoice listed 247.50 for labor. The office claimed that their rate to travel to my part of town was actually 105. Since their invoice lists that they were at my house for 1.25 hours, I'm not sure how you get from 105 per hour to 247.50 - but I digress.  When I called to complain, they offered to reduce the hourly rate to the 89/hour - bringing the labor total to 178 ( 2 hours @ 89 / hr ). I objected again - the plumber came to my house, completed one task (the first hose bib) and then upsold me on the second - the total time involved was 1 hour, fifteen minutes. Why am I paying for two hours of work? Their answer was because there were TWO plumbers - the plumbers swore that they did both jobs at the same time. Even though my wife clearly recalls them working in sequence and my call log agrees with her.  I leave this for you to judge - My call log shows they called to ask for permission on the second task 37 minutes after arrival, in my mind, clearly proving they did the tasks in sequence, not at the same time. But even if they had both worked at the same time - does it seem reasonable to take take a *full hour of a plumber's time* to replace a single valve? They scheduled two guys to a job that clearly only required one, and are trying to pass on their costs to me. No thanks.  In addition to their shifty pricing, they threatened to *place a lien on my house* when I offered to mail them a check - they demanded I either fax them a form with all of my credit card info (uh, not after this treatment) or I drive a check to them that day. At this point, I figured I was better off driving the check then wasting my time with crooks. Keep in mind, this was all within the space of 24 hours, so it wasn't like I was dragging my feet. Robbery and threats! Awesome.
