4 Chandler public library main branch includes a gift shop and coffee spot run by the Friends of the Chandler Public Library.  Collections include many CDs and videos in addition to books and magazines.
4 I should utilize the fact that I have a library within reasonable driving distance from me. Anyway, it has been a couple of years since I last frequented this place. Although it hasn't changed drastically, there is a cafe that sells delicious smoothies! I was pleasantly surprised. After spending minutes of sifting through books in the used books section, and in the inner part of the library, I definitely was craving something delicious to drink - and I was reasonably satisfied.  The library also offers a decent-sized used books selection. I was tempted by the numerous National Geographics they had, and they were selling for a quarter an issue! I was heaven. They have a nice collection of non-fiction, fiction, and so forth.  4 stars for Chandler PUBLIC Library! Yipee!
5 This is an A-plus library.  Once I discovered it and hit my daughter up for her library card I started coming in here 2-4 times a week, checking out audio books and DVD's mostly.  I can't tell you how many books I read and movies I saw thanks to them but it was a lot in the nine months I was in Chandler.  I even checked out CD's and burned them at home so I could listen to them while I tooled around town.  The librarians saw me so much they started calling me by name--my daughters name that is.  I told her, if you ever go in there they won't believe you are you because they associate that name with me.  if I'd known I was going to be there for so long I would have gone ahead and gotten my own card using a piece of mail with my name and Chandler address--if they didn't care about the Calif drivers license that is.  I guess I never took that chance.  Another plus is the wonderful little gift shop and snack cafe on the lower floor where they had not only smoothies and coffee but fudge they make on the premises, fresh chilled fruits, and the best chicken salad on croissant sandwiches you've ever tasted--also made from their own recipe on the spot.  There were also turkey and ham sandwiches but I only got the chicken salad it was so good.  Even if I wasn't hungry I would buy one and refrigerate it at home to eat for dinner or lunch the next day.  So I developed my "rounds" in Chandler--go to the PO to mail my eBay packages, the library to turn in movies and books and get new, the rubber stamp store and delis nearby--my own little piece of heaven.
3 Sorry, Chandler Library. You just don't live up to your counterparts in Mesa.  Your building is beautiful, your librarians are super friendly, and the fact that you have a cafe with smoothies is very creative.  But what brings me back to a library is, quite simply, the books. And you don't have enough of what I want.  So many of your books are very old... and when I went to see your "new releases" bookshelves, well, there just wasn't anything there that piqued my interest.  I wanted two new books - ones that aren't hard to find. Ones that are on the shelves at Barnes & Noble, etc. When I searched the card catalog, you didn't have them. Anywhere. They weren't even checked out - you just didn't have them.  I went to the Mesa library's catalog, found both of them, and requested them. Within a week, both books were waiting for me on a shelf, with my name on them, at the Dobson Ranch Library.  Sorry, CPL. I just probably won't be back.
4 ***THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE SNACK BAR IN THE LIBRARY*** WHY I EXERCISE ? The homemade fudge the volunteer ladies sell in the gift shop keeps me on the treadmill.  I have tried every new flavor they've whipped up and have never had one I did not like.    Not too sweet, not too rich.  Just right.  Like ma used to make.
5 I looove this library!  I could work here for hours!  My favorite things here include the cafe/gift shop, the mag selection, the private study rooms, and the fact that there is a separate childrens area upstairs.    Love it!
5 Great library, I could study here for hours on end!  Lots of desk space and freat lighting from the windows!
5 The main branch of the Chandler Public Library System is pretty big.  What makes this so awesome is that it's not full of a bunch of filler garbage but a lot of cool and new stuff.  There are non-cool/older items, but there are some things I've found that seem too recent to be in a library or a little hipper than I'd imagine would be in a public library.  The only thing I would change is the way they determine what DVD's go in the "children's section" upstairs.  I didn't even know they had DVD's up there and when I went  I found a ton of movies that I wanted to see and would never have guessed would be in a section for kids.
4 I totally signed myself up for a library card and got my library lending on. I love this library and the fact that you can waltz across the way and read your finding in the nice gazebo or on one of the stone walls outside underneath a tree. This is all located in one center with the senior center and post office block all within a couple of feet. There is a gift shop and cafe when you come in the entrance and an area to eat and use your laptop. They are always having classes here for something or another so check out the website and see if anything interests you.
3 I've only been here once and it was way too crowded for my taste. It's a nice building though. I wish the people working there were a bit more friendly.
5 A+ on customer service&knowledge! You must visit the gift shop for a piece of fudge or smoothie!(they have other things)
5 I love the library. This one is nice; it can get quite crowded but the atmosphere is still nice. One time I was there and there was a lady bathing in the bathroom. I felt so bad - I asked her if she needed anything and she said no.  I like the books here so much that I forget to return them even though they send email reminders and call.
5 I love coming back to this library, it's very relaxing with upstairs/downstairs. I was able to do my taxes there for FREE. The employees are professional and nice, helpful. I've rented numerous movies from them which they give you 2 weeks to return or call to renew them for another 2 weeks.
4 First time at this library and I really liked it. I was using the library to write a paper for a class and study for finals, so I was not really using any of their resources, just a place to sit, wifi, and a plug :-)  That being said, this library has A LOT of space for people like me! At other libraries I have had trouble getting a spot with a plug, but not here. I would say there are more kids around, which makes it a little less quiet, but if you bring headphones problem solved. The space definitely makes up for that.   The exterior of the library is really cool, with lots of outdoor space to hang out. The interior was not that exciting which is the only thing I didn't like about the library. Although, that might be good if you get distracted easily, like I sometimes do!  I usually go to the Tempe Public Library which in comparison I would say the ambiance at Tempe is better, but there is more space for studying/reading/working here.
5 Love the Chandler libraries! They have an area for little kids, computers for kids to play on, themed pamphlets with suggested book titles for you to consider reading, storytime in English and Spanish, passes to get into various places like the zoo or museums for free, etc etc etc.
5 Chandler library has it all, and is a hub for the community:  - Children's summer programs on Thursdays, including art, speakers, and activities - Story Time on Mondays for children -Culture Passes to a number of different gardens, museums, and the zoo (2 tickets) for free -Adult classes on technology -Job seeking help -Private study rooms, up to 2 hours a day -Free ancestry.com access in-library -Book clubs -Free wifi  Plus, of course, books, dvds, magazines, and a whole host of other resources available to the public  Plus, it's got the best AC in town.
5 I really enjoyed my first visit to this location! I moved further away from the Tempe library than would do me any good gas wise, so decided to get a card here. I came in and since my license doesn't have my new address, they let me use a computer to bring up a statement with my new address on it :) They gave me my card and on my way I went to browse the options! It does seem like a smaller library than those I've seen, but with how everything has turned electronic these days, who can blame it. I loved coming and getting that feel from the libraries I more or less grew up in! Such a good vibe, and there were a ton of people sitting and reading, which is nice to see :)
