1 DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE! I am still absolutely horrified by the customer service we received today. Our spa broke the other night (of course when we were actually going to use it), so we called our home warrenty who apparently are contracted with Foster's. I read some negative and positive reviews on Kudzu, but of course, we are at the mercy of our home warrenty.  The technician came to our house today to do a diagnostic on it, and after a while with him outside, we received a call from our home warranty telling us that the technician called them and said he was unfamiliar with our type of spa and would not be able to fix it. First of all, the spa and control panel are by two different companies so we have no clue what which company  he was unfamiliar with. Second, and most shocking, we went outside to talk to him and HE WAS GONE! He just left without even speaking to us. In all fairness, we called the company to complain and they offered to send someone else out. Thankfully our warranty is sending a different company to us.
1 UNPROFESSIONAL, UNETHICAL, CHILDISH, DISHONEST company that attempted to make a repair on my pool that was NOT UP TO CODE and IN VIOLATION OF AZ LAW. After Old Republic Home warranty company sent these clowns out to my home, they recommended that my broken pool pump be replaced with a single speed pump. Single speed pumps are not up to code in Phoenix AZ and installing one as a replacement is against the law. Foster's argued with me about the repair telling me I didn't know what I was talking about. Old Republic took Foster's word for it and refused to pay for a dual or variable speed pump. Then after I contacted the Phoenix AZ Code enforcement department, Old Republic made Fosters abide by the law and install a legal pump. Fosters installed the oldest, busted up piece of crap pump they could find. And instead of using a real pump stand, they balanced the pump on a broken piece of plastic that they either had sitting around or found on their way to the job site. The electrical conduit was not even secured to the pump and many electrical parts were exposed to the elements. I called Old Republic (who I also will no longer recommend) to discuss the matter and they had to send another pool company out to my home to remedy the problem since Foster's was childishly not answering any calls from the warranty company. THE BIGGEST MISTAKE I MADE WAS NOT LISTENING TO THE PREVIOUS POST AND AVOID THIS COMPANY AT ALL COSTS. THE SECOND BIGGEST MISTAKE I MADE IS THAT I DIDN'T TAKE THE CASH OUT OPTION FROM MY HOME WARRANTY COMPANY THEN HIRE ANOTHER COMPANY TO DO THE WORK. LESSON LEARNED.
1 My home warranty sent us to Fosters to repair our pool heater. The technician showed up; looked at the outside of it and drew the conclusion that the heat exchanger was leaking. He then called the home warranty company and told them the heater was leaking due to lack of owner maintenance. The warranty company then refused to fix it. I called Fosters to complain. They said they were willing to repair it for $1900. That is $400 more than a new one   This company is unethical and an absolute rip off.
