3 This is the Sonic closest to our place and tends to be our first thought when we need a quick lunch or dinner. Unfortunately the wait can be long, but I've experienced that at other Sonics. The staff is very nice and rarely mixes up our order. (Once I asked for a certain toy and they didn't have it right on hand but offered to go through their sealed boxes of toys for it! Very nice of them.) I always go for a Route 44 Apple Limeade! It's the best stuff ever.
2 This sonic is very close to my house but I rather drive a little further to get a better quality meal.  In years past, I have gotten food poisoning from this place 3 times. Why I kept going back I don't know.  Probably because it's convenient and cheap.  Anyways the only items I get here now are drinks and slushies, which are very good.  I try to stay away from the food however.  It's cheap, poorly made, and tasteless.  The staff, which is mostly made up of teenagers, is also rude and inexperienced.
3 I love the happy hour slushfest. $2.05 for a pair of medium slushes? Yes, please!! This particular Sonic has a drive through as well and they give a ride along dog a good treat too!  The food is alright, always made correctly. It's fast food, don't expect anything fancy. But the prices are cheap and when I feel lazy it's my go to place.
1 Worst sonic ever.  Full of idiots. Every time I go here I get the same "sorry for the wait" and they mess up my order every visit.
4 Stop by here every so often for a quick bite to eat. Food is always decent, fair prices, and pretty good service. The only issue I really have is that they can be pretty slow with the orders sometimes. Staff is usually friendly and apologize about the wait, but it happens way to often for my liking.
2 This place has gone downhill since my last review. The service is even slower than before and the food quality is poor at best. Also, most of the card readers at the stalls don't work. Such a shame as this place was right down the street for me.
1 I have been coming to this sonic for 9 years, since my best friend was working here as a high school job. I continued coming here as it was fairly close to home, despite the slow service and sometimes lack of customer service. Tonight, I stopped by after god knows how long and I waited about 15-20 minutes when there were no cars ahead of me in the drive- thru; not a big deal... I wasn't in a rush. The first thing that bugged me was that the young man at the window did not have his LONG hair in neither a hair net NOR tied back. If females are required to tie their hair back in the food industry, same should go for males. I ignored this and waited for my order, which was a chicken sandwich (keep in mind I did not order beef for personal and religious reasons). When I got home to unwrap my sandwich, everything fell out... everything that I did NOT order.. jalapeños.. an extra patty of BEEF... which was just made sloppy. To top it off, a BITE WAS TAKEN OUT OF MY SANDWICH. I REPEAT, A BITE WAS TAKEN OUT OF BOTH PATTIES, THE LETTUCE, TOMATOES, AND BREAD. This place is disgusting and I will never be back. They were closing in 5 minutes, so rather than driving back in anger, I called and the lady who took my order apologized and told me it was a sandwich she made for a co-worker and accidentally switched my sandwich for his. If you're going to work in a fast- paced, fast- food atmosphere... double check your orders and put a customer before an employee. The ONLY reason I rated this 1 star is because I cannot post my experience as a review without giving at least one. If it were up to me, I would give negative stars. Don't ever come here, because I will never be back.
