4 I went to Petsmart tonight to solve a dominance problem that I am having between my dog and my roommate's cat.  The only reason for the 4 star was that I wandered around the store finding things on my own without any greeting for about 10 min.   Once someone did decide I needed help though, I got everything that I needed.  They helped explain to me that bad behaviors (marking in the house) is probably caused by a number of issues that we as pet owners need to address (lack of attention, lack of reprimanding, lack of separation of pets when no one is home, ect).  Not only did I get all the products I needed for properly kenneling my pup, but I also got helpful tips on getting the cat to act more appropriate and I was shown different sprays that you can use throughout the home to keep both dogs and cats from being naughty.    Also, a rather large dog started barking at my 7lb little one and the staff instantly swooped in to grab all the products from my hands so I could pick my pup up into safety (even though both dogs were on leashes).
1 I took my two dogs in 3 days ago for grooming. To begin with, the people working back there didn't seem to know what was going on or what they were doing. I saw one younger male employee grooming a very small dog and when the dog shifted to the side, the guy said "Stop it" in a very loud voice and roughly shifted the dog back the way he/she was. I was a little freaked out by that but the rest of the girls seemed ok; not great but ok. When I went and picked my dogs up, I was not happy. Both of my dogs have burns on their skin from the clipper along with several other cuts in various places and I'm going to have to take them into the vet to have those treated. My male has a long cut from underneath his eye almost to the bridge of his nose that's going to have to be treated as well. When I went into pick them up, this really snotty girl handed me a receipt and told me to go pay at the register and they would bring the dogs out. I went and paid and then proceeded to stand there for 20 minutes waiting for my dogs.  Both of my dogs have been scared and shaking ever since I picked them up. I'm not sure if they tranquilized them or not. The girl said they don't but I'm not sure. All I know is my dogs have been scared ever since they came out of that place and I have a feeling the groomers were not very nice to them. My dogs are not naturally scared and they're very friendly/sweet.  I am NOT happy with Petsmart at all and would NEVER, EVER take my dogs back there again nor would I recommend them to anyone. In fact, I'm considering filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau. Do NOT take your dogs here; you will be sorry. The people working in there are kids and they are obviously not trained. They need to hire some competent groomers who genuinely care for animals and know how to treat them.
1 The customer is always WRONG at this place, these kids don't even give a crap about the animals they groom, they are just there for a paycheck, I didn't even get a friendly greeting, neither did my dog. A guy came in with his dog after me & he was greeted & welcomed, this really set me off. We had an appointment for 7a.m. they had no record of it. It was a VERY BAD experience. All I can say, is support your local business owners, your local groomers. Have your dog groomed by someone who loves dogs. Put your money back into your own local community.
4 Saturday, October 5, 2013.  I brought our puppy in for bath.  Tara took excellent care of our dog!
1 I would absolutely not recommend shopping for anything at this store.  Petsmart touts their "no hassle return policy" but I have been trying to get a credit for almost a month.  The store manager promised that he would get back to me and I heard nothing.  I then contacted Petsmart Customer Care (interesting term) and they said they would handle it.  But I also heard nothing from them.  It should not be so difficult to get a store credit for a purchase.  Especially when you've been dealing with the store manager and you have provided all of the documentation of your purchase.  I always bought all of my dog's food here, leashes, harness, etc. -- but no more.  I wouldn't step inside this store again.  Beware of their lack of customer service!
5 We bring our 2 boys here to be groomed and always have a pleasant experience.  The employees are friendly and assuring that they will be well taken care of.  At the end of the service, we receive a report card and it's always nice to read the comments they have to say. I would recommend this petsmart groomer to any of my friends or family. Two thumbs up.
4 I always come in here. I really like how the groomers and the vets office answer my questions. They have a nice assortment of all natural products for my babies, and tons of stuffing free toy options. The one thing I don't like, is petsmart  doesn't carry the dog food I feed, taste of the wild, so I end up having to make two different puppy stops whenever I need puppy items
