1 The worst community I have ever lived in! The leasing office is full of Hippocrates and liars. They will tell you all good things, offer you all sorts of discounts before you move in, but will conveniently change all rules when you have leased the apartment. They will charge you all sorts of fees and never refund anything as promised. maintenance repairs are not performed correctly. Forced to pay $25.00 extra a month for trash removal even if you do not want to use it. The police have knocked on my door three times in 6 months for troubles here. The office has lied about the leases for example my lease went up 70.00 dollars from my original rent(thats 70.00 dollars more then what we agreed)due to hidden fees and costs that were never mentioned in the lease(hidden clause)what is the reason for a lease and agreement of what you will pay for rent when they can change it as feel like? My rent has gone up every single month for 5 months 3 to 10 dollars and they say oooppppss we did not tell you ? or well you did not see the clause in your lease? nothing ever gets fixed correct, dog poop everywhere , lol go to work early in the morning walk out my door to get a big fresh smell of dog poop!!! also bird crap all over the sidewalk by the parking lot where my car is. Funny management is never here or available always hiding, I can go to almost any store and ask for a manager, or any other  business and ask for a manager and almost always get a manager, but not here you when you call and ask  for a manager you are almost always told nope sorry she is not here, unless it is 1st , 2nd or 3rd day of the month or called rent day, and I understand now why the manager is always hiding any unavailable and it is because the manager is a liar and deceitful and hiding so she does not have to explain her lies.  Do not take my word google San Cierra apartments reviews  and you will find another site with all the reviews . This apartment complex went from 88% positive reviews to 36% negative reviews in 1.5 years time ..check  for  yourself please
1 agree they charge you tons of fees they don't tell you about when you move in. I pay almost $1000 and my place is gross not what the model looked like let me tell you. the carpet was never changed or cleaned when i moved in there were stains on it. tub was so gross never cleaned so gross.I had to have them spray because of the bugs in my place. there were still glasses from the other renter showing me they did not even go thru the stuff.  I get luke warm water some times it will be hot but most the time just warm.  landscapers start at 7am and noise my nbr has some system all i here all the time is their crap blaring. people in the office seem like they have no clue what they are doing and cant get their stuff straight. im looking for a new place once i find one i will be breaking my lease i have never broken my lease in any place i have ever lived i look at it as i pay almost $1000 this is suppose to be a mark taylor place and you would never guess it
1 they have phantom charges on our bill for  the natural gas for the grills and they charges us for refilling the pool after they had it emptied, take forever on fixing things. now after i went in in december to put my notice in not sure when we were going to have a house they said don't worry you only have to give 30 days notice.. lie! they are going to charge us a full extra month 1500 for not giving proper notice.
1 If i could give this place 0 stars i would, it does not even deserve one star.  This has got to be the worst apartment complex i've ever lived in. The management is never there. The people who work in the office are overly nice, its like they are faking it, they do not know what they are doing, they go through employees like water and can never do anything for me. Ive been in twice to ask for an air filter for our apartment (theyre supposed to supply those) they are always "out" and have to submit a work order, days go by and i never hear from them, so i have to go to walmart and buy my own.  We had a robbery a few months back, the burglars kicked down our patio door. the apartment complex sent someone over to nail our door back, then told us they would be back the next day with a new one. it has been 3 months and our patio is inaccessible from our living room, still no word on the new door.   The fees, the hidden fees, they include "community electric" "community gas" the valet trash we have to pay for, even if you dont use it, we have to pay to refill the pools, we have to pay to clean up the trash around the complex. the list goes on.  so all in all, i would not even wish my worst enemy to live here, 0/10 for San Ciera, STEER CLEAR OF THIS S$%T HOLE.
