5 i have used this company on many occasion and not rated them. on every visit which included purchase as well as 2 repair requests, i have received the best greeting...and also the best repair service.  they made sure we were given progress reports for service as well as cost and time. these are great folks with which to do business.
4 Needed quick vacuum repair and they came through big time. They were able to make the repair on the spot, most unexpected!   When it comes to sewing machine and vacuum repair, this is the place.   Highly recommend!!
5 Great service, super nice employees.  I took two Dysons in for repair/tune up and both came back in working order.  They even discovered that one of the canisters was broken and under warranty...had it shipped and ready when I picked up the machine.  I only have one negative, and it  is a personal preference.  When the machines were returned, they had a "fake" carpet freshener smell.  I noticed they sell carpet fresheners/beads, etc. and the whole store smells that way.  I don't care for that smell and would have preferred not to have my vacuum smell like that.  I put my vacuum outside for a couple of days and the smell went away.  Next time, I'll ask they not use that product.
5 I was sick of buying these cheaply made vacuums, so I went into sew n vac to find something better than whats in the big box stores.  A young man named Kyle helped me out.  He was friendly and well educated on vacuums, he answered all my questions and I learned a lot from him.  I ended up going with a riccar which i had never heard of before and its the only vacuum ill ever buy again.  Thank you easy valley sew n vac for the great experience!
5 Old fashioned customer service!  Called to ask about making an appointment for my vacuum...he asked what it was doing and I said making a terrible noise.  He said to just bring it on in.  He plugged it in, diagnosed the problem, took it to the back and came out with my vacuum....all fixed...in about 5 minutes total.  It had a piece of plastic stuck in the brush roller.  I asked how much I owed, he said nothing.  I tried to tip, but he refused with a smile. He seriously could have said I needed to replace the motor or other part (like I think some car repairmen do) for a bunch of money. I asked about replacing the filter, he checked it, said it was a little dirty, I could hose it off and it would be fine.  Again, could have sold me a new filter.  I am very very pleased with my experience here.  Obviously won't rip you off.  Highly recommend.
