5 I really like this location now. I came here a few years ago and was not impressed at all. I signed up at a Scottsdale location and went every two weeks for two years.  The therapist that I fell in love with there got pregnant (uugggggg) really? She obviously didn't ask my opinion! Anywho, she ended up leaving and I didn't love anyone else at that location that much to drive the 25 miles one way.  Soooo, I came back to this Mesa location. I walked in and said I need a deep tissue therapist who knows what they are doing. They hooked me up with Heather and it has been pure heaven ever since! I have been seeing Heather every two weeks for about four months now. She is wonderful, the staff has been upgraded, and they changed management since my last experience a few years ago.  I  am thrilled that I only have to travel five miles instead of 25 miles.   They also do facials at this location.
3 Got a gift certificate for a massage . Therapist was late picking me up no biggie except 60 minutes in Massage Envy world is more like 50 minutes our time . Massage wasn't bad, I've had better She was talking during my massage always a bummer. I think my next gift certificate should be to a resort spa seens how I'm kinda picky . So all in all it was a typical cheap massage session. ugh .
3 Solid thanks!
1 There needs to be a way to give negative stars - massage envy at power rd and mckellip rd in Mesa is absolutely horrible!  After trying to get an appt for 2 weeks - I finally asked the manager to give me THEIR schedule so I could schedule my massage around what worked for them .  Absolutely horrible customer service!  I do not recommend them!
5 Was given a Massage Envy gift card for Mother's Day, and got an additional ad on with it. One hour massage AND a sugar foot scrub! So relaxed! Tricia was amazing. Perfect pressure and she really listened to what I needed! Will definitely be back!
4 Hello again, well I am an old guy and my back has been kiling me, so I wanted a massage. I could have used groupon, but emailed Massage Envy and shortly they called, I was close and stopped by and guess what, they had an openning right then.  So I got the massage, everything went well there. So, now the sales part comes in, the girl at the counter suggestes that I join some club for a discount, the initiation fee will be waived if I join now...come on that's car dealer crap.  Then she tried to close me on another appointment... I have a question, why not lower your prices and increase your volume?  What makes my next massage worth twice as much and why do I have to pay 12.00 more for a sports massage? I am in sales and look for ways to increase your customer base and volume, overall nice place but doubt if I will go back. Pedro gets a 5, overall the store gets a generous 4
