5 Be seen in 30 minutes or less guaranteed?? I would have never believed it but Yes its true, I was in and out within 25 minutes with a thorough evaluation backed by a doctors 100% assurance.  I'm so thankful that Lindsay L. recommended this place.  Dr. Trang was wonderful, the staff and office was much better than any urgent care facility Ive been to, it just had a totally different feel to it.  I felt better immediately just knowing that an actual certified M.D specializing in internal medicine had taken the time to treat and diagnose me properly, and  all in 30 minutes.
5 My name is Lindsay, and I am allergic to mangoes. OK, I've said it. Step 1: I admit that I am powerless over mangoes and that my life has become unmanageable.  My addiction/ allergy to mangoes ended me in the Chandler Valley Urgent Care with a very swollen and itchy face. I have never before had a good experience in an urgent care. I never before had the feeling that the doctor knew what he was doing- at all.  The staff at Chandler Valley took care of me- in the 30 minutes they promised. I filled out the usual paperwork and was seen by the doctor almost immediately. He discussed my condition with me, diagnosed me, and sent me off with two prescriptions- and advice to keep away from the evil mangoes.  I am impressed to say the least.  Hopefully I won't have to use their services again, but should I fall victim to the delicious call of a box full of Costco mangoes, I'll most definitely be returning to Chandler Valley Urgent Care.
5 Two visits here and no complaints. They really are fast and very knowledgeable.   Normally I wouldn't advocate health care that takes less time than pizza delivery, but on my last visit, the physician figured out a problem I had seen my primary care physician for two times without any headway- and sent me to the ER where they said my gall bladder needed to be out post haste. He also recommended not driving myself since the pain tends to ramp up quickly and he was right on that count as well.  Quick, professional, and thorough!
1 Was seen for an infection which landed me in the ER  the day *after* I was seen here.  Dr. Tang's treatment was quite painful (no topical numbing agents were used before a direct injection into a wound). I did not find the doctor personable or responsive to my needs as a patient. A culture was taken at the facility, but no results were reported even though I called to check for results and left my contact information.
5 Two years ago my husband was immunized to Hep B. Dr Trang referred him to specialist to be seen the next day. The treatment was two years long and thanks goodness, his recent blood test result is undetectable. Thanks to Dr. Trang.
5 Fast quality service! I'll be back, but hopefully not too soon! :)
2 Went here because of the 30 min see the doc guarantee, and the fact that I don't have a pcp down here yet. Saw the doc in about five minutes, considering he was just reading a book in the corner where everyone could see him.  He seem every rushed and like he wasn't listening to a thing I was saying. He Left the room and I'm pretty sure he forgot about me. I sat in the room for 40 mins, and didn't seem him again till I left the exam room to go looking, and he was just sitting as his computer. No other patient in the place. The extra star is for the front desk and nurse, very friendly.
4 Clean, thorough, and timely! They even have X-rays available onsite. My daughter received great care.
1 PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE. The doctor and the receptionist were great. The billing department is a complete rip off. Prepare to get charged for things that weren't preformed and for things they will tell you your insurance will cover. You will then have an ignorant lady calling you, treating you like a child while you explain over and over that these charges aren't correct because I wasn't even there for a knee examination. WTF I was there for a biometric screening. "But the code is for a knee examination, so that is what you need to pay for," she tells me over and over. And then I get a bill for the biometric screening which they assured me was covered by insurance, and I'm not talking about a copay. PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE.
