5 I dropped my Panasonic Lumix DMC FZ150, and it no longer powered up. I tried everywhere in the Phoenix area, (I live in North Phoenix), as well as Panasonic, and no one, including Tempe Camera, would even look at it; they all wanted to send it away, which would cost $250+ and mean that I would have to buy a replacement camera at $500+ for an overseas trip I was about to leave on. Finally, as my last shot, I phoned Arizona Camera Works in Chandler, and spoke with Morris. He said he would be happy to have a look at my camera.  I took it in and was able to speak face-to-face with Morris. Two days later it was fixed for $55, and I had it in time for my big overseas vacation, which saved me hundreds of dollars.  This was a relatively simple repair, but from talking with Morris it seemed clear that he has extensive experience and a methodical problem-solving approach. He will be my first choice in future.
5 Morris did a complex repair on an old Nikon zoom lens which required diss-assembly and reassembly of a complex mechanical device. Price was extremely reasonable and service very prompt. This is probably the best camera repair shop in the valley. He can work on anything from old completely mechanical cameras to the latest electronic device. Highly recommended.
5 While on vacation to Bryce, my camera strap broke and my Canon 6D took a nose-dive. It popped the shutter, and it nearly ruined my vacation...  Once we got to Phoenix, I found Arizona Camera Works by chance, and I told the owner that I had a limited window (24 hours) to get the camera repaired. The repair would have been nearly $600 through Canon Pro Services, but Morris was able to finish the repair within a day, and it was 1/3rd the price of Canon's repair.  Quite simply, in 16 years as a professional shooter, I've seldom come across people with the knowledge and service level that ACW has. I was totally impressed, and may even consider sending my equipment out of state to Arizona just because of the quality service that this company provides. Very very very pleased.
