3 Average Starbucks. The service is decent but not spectacular. They made my orders  well. I rate 3-Stars because the AT&T Wifi is a joke and is a paywall for their already installed DSL.
4 What is there to say about starbucks.   Great drinks friendly service and a great place to get some homework done!
5 In terms of Starbucks, this one is definitely my favorite! The service is always friendly and prompt, the drinks and food are just as good as I expect every time I come in, and the store has nice, comfy chairs in addition to tables--perfect for hanging out with a friend, reading a book or typing a paper. I love coming in for a green iced tea (no Classic) and being cheerfully greeted by name! It's the little things in life--like a perfectly made grande iced White Mocha (no whip) handed over with a "Have a nice day!" and a smile--that can totally make your day :]
4 Starbucks is Great!  The staff and service at this location is outstanding!
4 Starbucks...... Great job
4 Hey it's a Starbucks! Friendly staff, good drinks and a good location. Can never go wrong with your favorite drink here.
3 Run of the mill Starbucks. They use too much syrup in the coffee.
4 Around the corner from my house!!! They recently remodeled (not sure why) but looks great! Staff is friendly and drinks are made correctly. My only criticism is that this place doesn't have a drive thru!! I love stopping here a few times a week and will keep returning!
5 Very nice remodel. Very opening environment.  The staff was very welcoming and all had great smiles.
3 I love Starbucks and love how convenient this location is reference to my house. The recent remodel is impressive as well. The staff on the other hand seem less than the Starbucks standard I'm come to know and love. I have put off posting this review in order to give them additional chances for redemption but this morning was the last straw. My order was done incorrectly and the staff was less than bubbly. It seems as though it was a busy stressful morning but I have my past experiences to back that this is the norm. Finally yesterday when I went in I could hardly communicate my drink order  because the two baristas were giggling non stop at each other and couldn't contain themselves.
