2 Long waits and teenage workers with bad attitudes...nuff' said.
1 whenever i visit this location my ice cream is always runny and melted. it took me less than 5 min. to drive home after ordering a banana split and by the time I was home it was melted. this locations sucks.  the one on Gilbert between Elliot and Guadalupe is much better. Never had problems there.
1 I've been here many times, but my last experience kind of turned me off to this location.  I will go to the DQ at Gilbert and Juniper.    On my last visit here, I ordered a chocolate dipped waffle cone.  He tried to charge me for a regular cone and I knew because they price was off.  I tried to clarify in person that I didn't want a regular cone.  He charged me for the chocolate dipped cone and gave me a regular waffle cone.  I figured it wasn't worth arguing with him over it so I took the cone and left.
1 A franchise that is ready for a turn around.  Bad service and bathroom that is outside and they wouldn't give me a key to use it.  Bad bad bad.
1 Awful place. I would not recommend coming here. Drive the extra couple of miles to find another. It's dirty inside, the people are assholes and they never have any products. A veritable dump.
2 it's in a bad location in Chandler. Long wait and the quality is not good. Place is dirty and stinky. Go to a different location.
1 This is the worst DQ.  The worst.  How I lament that it is so close to my house, for it is so tempting to take the risk and go to this location rather than drive to a decent one.  What risk, you ask?  Estimated 50% chance your order will be wrong in some way.  That's pretty good odds for Vegas, not so good in a food service establishment.  I have gotten the wrong size, the wrong flavors, and charged the wrong amount.  Once, when there were 4 of us ordering 3 mini butterfingers blizzards and 1 small heath blizzard, we got charged for 4 minis and received 2 small butterfingers, 1 mini butterfingers, and one mini heath.  When we complained (mostly about the mini heath that was supposed to be small) they said we were getting a good deal since we paid for minis.  Basically it wasn't what we ordered or what we wanted, but it was a good value, so don't complain.  Approximately 65% chance the service will leave something to be desired.  There's one employee who has potential to be professional, but who has included some inappropriate humor with the order.  One girl said two words to us during our encounter.... "hey" and "lids?".  We've had rude explanations as to why coupons or Groupons couldn't be redeemed.    On the occasions where nothing went wrong, the product just wasn't up to bar.  Other locations put a lot more "stuff" in the blizzards, for example.  The only reason I go here is because it's so close to home, but it really is worth it to drive the extra couple of miles to Alma School and Guadalupe.
