4 Here it is.. they get four stars because I love their breakfast burritos and because they are the closest place to my house to get fuel in a pinch, but you will pay a premium and may have to wait for a local farmer to get his tractor out of the way to get to the pump. Not the cleanest feeling place in the world for sure, but I do like that its family owned and they always seem to remember me. QC is still considered far away, but we have the small town feel going for us, which to me is super cool, and this place is an example of that!
3 Good breakfast burrito, but if push comes to shove I am going to stick with Jims Burrito for my breakfast burritos instead.   This place was dirty and there is not much sitting room and since they cook it when you order it (which is a plus) it takes a long time to get it.  I will get burritos here again, but not with the family, and not to sit and stay there and eat.
2 We heard that have great burritos, so we were in the area, so decided to stop.  Customer service was ok, and the burritos were a little below a 3, probably a 2.5  .  I got a green chili burrito and Megan got a carne asada burrito.  Mine was ok, a little bit overfloured.  Too much thickening, not enough meat.  Megan's carne was dry.  Would I ever stop here again, no
5 This place has great food.  I haven't had anything on their menu so far that I've disliked.  Breakfast, lunch or dinner, you picked a winner with this place!
3 This place, for me, is a little bit of a paradox.  I can say that it is close to home, but that is not helpful to anyone other than me, and it's enormously helpful to me.  There just isn't that MUCH to choose from where I live, on the border of QC and Gilbert, but there's more & more every day- that which is corporate chain/franchise, that is.  Hence, how supremely important it is to me to go places that is family- or privately-owned.  I'm not 100% sure, but I do think this is family owned.   Okay, so every time I've pulled up in front of this place, there have been people who might be day-laborers or just might be long-term loiterers with nowhere else to hang out.   Either way, I'm uncomfortable to have my 9-year old son in the car in case I have to walk over to the trash can while I'm filling up.  It's also more expensive than any other gas station within a few minute's drive.  I don't bring my kid here anymore, and my husband would NEVER tolerate this place.  If you saw him there, it would be because he ran out of gas and had to walk there and it happened to be the only place he came across... so I only go alone- and that feels deeply uncomfortable too, for reasons it is hard to explain.   ***That said, I have also had pretty much the best breakfast burrito of my LIFETIME here.  It was indescribably delicious.*** So it is with many weird feelings that I ever go here... but then the weird feelings go away when I eat of their grill things.  It is with many more weird feelings that I'm giving the first and only three-star yelp review ever... and yet I'll be back... it's like my dirty little secret.    Well... I guess not so secret now.
