5 This is the best place in the valley for nails. My sisters and mom go here every Christmas Eve to get pedicures. All the workers are super nice & they did a great job.
5 i am extremely finicky about my feet! Luckily this place accommodated quickly and did a fantastic job. Myself and my tootsies thank you!
5 This place is great! I've gotten acryclics and pedicures here several times.  They are always more then accomadating to do the crazy nail art pictures I bring in.  They also have the largest selection of already done nail art to pick from, I've ever seen!  I'm really satisfied with the service they have provided!
5 Today was my first time here, the staff was very nice and the place was very clean. I saw Phyllis today for my full set, she was very nice and was up for the challenge of dealing with someone as picky as myself. She took the time a listened to what I wanted, she was very gentle, took her time and she did exactly what I wanted! I had a great experience and will be returning in two weeks for my fill! Thanks again Phyllis! I love them!
4 Lover Nails and Spa  Don't you just love the name of it? Lover nails, I know I did. It was the last Sat of the year and in my normal totally unplanned style I wanted to get a pedicure.  I used my handy Yelp app, and found Lover Nail, and just by the name I was sold so off I went!  I was greeted right away, asked what I wanted and told to pick out a color, but I already had my color, to match my NYE outfit, in hand and was directed into a chair.   My nail tech was Andy, and he was cool, great personality! Great foot massage too!!  My toes came out sexy like I wanted, enjoyed my time while there. Great service, prices are reasonable this might become my regular goto place!
1 Very disappointed in this salon. Set an appt 4 days ahead of time. Area were I for my set put on was dirty from a past client. The mail tech did not talk, I felt rushed through my appt which resulted in me leaving unhappy. I won't be returning.
5 Family run business that my husband and I have been loyal too now for 7 years!  Owners Tony & Sandy are great service focused leaders and very creative, delivering the highest level of quality!  We highly recommend you make it your every time place- you won't be disappointed!
1 If I could give this place a negative star I would!  I had to ask my nail tech multiple times to go over areas on my feet which she missed by pure laziness.  I get my toes done once every 2 weeks so they aren't even bad in the first place.  Next it took her a total of 20 min from start to finish to complete my pedicure.  This was such a waist if money and time I will never again return.
5 This has been my go to nail place since high school! The owners are great and everyone is so personable and friendly!   They have the best pedicures around, $20 for standard but have different packages also. Love this place!!
3 They were super busy when I arrived at 230 in the afternoon on a Friday. Being from out of town I was recommended tigon here by a local. I gave a 3 star because I had to wait 25 mins before I was seen by a tech. My pedicure water was cold by this time.   However, once she started they did a great job and were very nice!   It seems they are very loyal to their regular customers.
5 Best place ever. Been coming here since they opened. Tony is the best at nails so is his wife Sandy. But Sandy is by far the best at designs.  I let her do what she wants and I'm never disappointed.  I love this place to death....
