5 After purchasing a voucher for 3 oil changes off of LiveSocial, I am happy to say this was a very pleasant experience.  I called on Friday to make an appointment for Saturday morning, and they scheduled me without any issues.  I showed up a little early for my appointment and was quickly greeted while my information was taken down.  After about 40 minutes or so, I was on my way with a well-lubed car and no issues whatsoever.  All of the guys were really friendly and knowledgeable and ready to answer any questions.  I'm glad I found this place, as it's super close to me and I have been searching for a go-to place for oil changes and general car maintenance.  I'll definitely be returning in the future!
5 Always treat me well, very honest!!
1 I can't agree with the other ladies who have posted their experiences.  It's been awhile but the last time I did business with these guys I knew I would never go back.  I took my car in to have the wheels balanced after I had purchased a set of brand new wheels and tires from the internet.  When I mounted the new wheels I was getting a vibration at freeway speeds so I decided to take it to Tire Pros to have the wheels balanced.  They charged me a resonable price since I did not purchase the wheels from them.  When I got home I did a quick walk around the car and that's when I noticed one of my wheels had a piece of metal chipped off right at one of the holes for the lug nuts. I know it wasn't there before because they were brand new.  I called Tire Pros back and told them what I found.  They said to bring it back, which I did.  When I got there the manager said he asked the tech about it and he said the damage was already there!  The manager then said there was nothing they could do about it.  =/  Nothing I dislike more than a dishonest business.  If they admitted to it I would probably be able to forgive and forget but I just want others to know that they aren't the "Pros" their name claims to be.
3 Nice people, fair prices.   They lost a star since a 1.25 hour job turned into a 2.5 hr job. I arrived at the time they told me it would be done but when I got there they had not started the work. I had to wait 1 hr 15 min which was not only a waste of time, but it made me miss running two errands I wanted to get done, and my gym time for the day.
5 i been here an total of six times and i have been very satisfied with their services. I recommend!
1 I had a coupon for a free oil change. I took my car in and the guy at the front, I think the boss, was a real nice and professional guy. He got me set up and my car back really quick. After 10 minutes or so the mechanic told me that they have to charge me 55 dollars to do the service because my car uses a different more expensive oil. This is surprising because when I've changed it I've never had to spend more than 30 dollars. He finally lowers the price to 45 and I needed it done so I agree. Come to find out they had already drained my oil before I agreed to pay for the service. But, when it's all said and done I was talking to the boss, he explains that he buys his oil from the local dealers at 12 per quart. I said that at O'Rileys it costs like 5.30 for a quart. So either you are paying way too much for oil or just trying to make a quick buck. Either way, they are nice people, but not a place to go to for a service.
4 Took my friend's car there while she was out of town since she had the super saver card thing, seems like a good deal.  The guys were really nice and quick.  Had a 9am appt, got there just after 9 and was out before 10!
5 I ended up getting an oil change, some tires, and a few other things here and there to keep my car in tip top shape. I showed up early on saturday and was the first one there. Everyone was pleasant to be around and the owner gave me a great deal for the work done. They were patient with all of my "not a car guy" questions and gave me multiple options each step of the way to make sure I was completely satisfied. I believe this company is about making recurring customers over a quick buck and they've definatly made one out of me. My car's been purring happily ever since.
5 I went to Gio's Automotive in March to get a tire rotation and oil change with inspection back in March.  The shady lady running the place told me I needed to get new brakes and a transmission tune up, slapping me with a $350 estimate.  I'd just gotten both my front and rear pads and rotors replaced 2 years ago.  Needless to say, I didn't get the job done.  There was however a squeaking sound coming from my wheels, which I suspected to be a bearing.  But I'm not a mechanic.   I decided to take my car in to someplace else to get a second opinion.  After searching around, I found a deal on Amazon Local for break service at Tire Pros.  I took my car in anticipating to use the voucher and get new brakes.  However, the man at the counter (I think his name was Jonathan) told me to let him have the mechanics check out the car before I redeemed the voucher.  After a few moments of waiting,  Jon asked me why I thought I needed new brakes.  I told him that I'd been told this by another repair place.  He walked me out to my car, where the tire had been removed and showed me the tread on my brakes.  He confirmed that I had PLENTY of time left on the brakes and that the squeaking I was hearing was indeed the bearing.  He walked me back up to the counter and told me I might be able to get a refund for the voucher I'd bought if I contacted Amazon.  And gave me a quote to have the bearing replaced.  The cost was very reasonable. It was refreshing to have someone who was honest look after my car this way.  He didn't even charge me for the guys having running the initial check. He and his team are the best!
