1 I find out that Saturn has stopped making Roof Racks for my 2003 Saturn Vue which means I cannot get a Roof Rack for my Bikes for road trips, bummer deal. Then I remember how hitch racks have gotten really awesome and that I can get a hitch installed. Well who do you go to for a hitch installation? Google results show that Uhaul is the masters of the hitch install and that being that I call Uhaul. This is where the fun begins, and by fun I mean something akin to stabbing my eyes with a pencil.  There is a Uhaul, to my chagrin, very close to my house, so I figure it will be most convenient to call them. After numerous rings I get to talk with Robin. It doesn't sound like Robin is having the best of days, or years, or perhaps longer. I tell her that I would like a hitch installed on my car and we go through the make model year routine to determine what I need installed. She wants to know where I want this done, which is an odd question since I called a specific location. We get through that and she gives me the price of $179.95 for parts, labor, and warranty. She lets me know that it may be more depending on how the wiring configuration is done but I let her know that I will not need that since I am putting a bike rack on and that will be it for the foreseable future. I get a confirmation number and she emails me the receipt. I am also told that someone will contact me to setup the appointment. This is June 10th.  On June 12th, Friday, I still have not received a call so I decide to give the Uhaul location a call back to see whats up with the appointment. I offer my confirmation number but the gentleman just wants my name. He says that the appointment is set up for Wednesday June 17th. I am surprised by this since no one ever called to set that up. I ask if we can get it done on Monday June 15th instead. The gentleman says yes that will be fine and to bring it in at 8am and that it should only take 30 minutes. I enter this into my calendar and go about my weekend.  June 15th rolls around and I go to the Uhaul for my scheduled appointment for the hitch installation. I am greeted by a gentleman walking away from me to talk with another Uhaul employee, or rather Manager/Owner James Flake. After an awkward minute of me standing at the counter 5 feet away from these two gentlemen talking about their work I finally am greeted by the younger one. I let him know that I am here for my scheduled hitch install which causes him to look over my shoulder to James and laugh. He then lets me know that James will be doing the install. I ask if I should bring the car around back and he thinks this is a good plan.  As I pull around I see another customer waiting on James and can see that things are going to be moving slowly today. I wait in my car for 10 minutes until James comes up and asks if I know that this appointment is set for Wednesday. I tell him that yes I am aware that originally it was set for that that but that I had called on Friday to reschedule. He lets me know that its going to take a while as he has deliveries to take care of but that I will be his priority. I am okay with this since I have brought my book along and have no appointments till the afternoon.  10am rolls around and James Flake comes in to let me know its all done. We saddle up to the register and he tells me the total is ~$220 which I inform him is incorrect. I tell him that the total parts, labor, and warranty was quoted to me as $179.95. He snickers at me and wants to know who told me that. I explain that it was Robin to which he responds that Robin does not work there. I let him know that it is irrelevant as I was quoted $179.95 and that is what I will be paying. Another Uhaul employee comes over to see what the fuss is about and they start discussing that I was quoted the online price for the hitch which is cheaper than their price. I stand and say nothing to this.  James is still not willing to offer the price I was quoted so he lets me know that he can take the hitch off. I let him know he is welcome to do so. He then tells me that I will have to wait since he has other customers. This cracks me up because there is nothing better for your other customers than to have one who you are trying to Bait and Switch standing in your store raising hell.  Another Uhaul employee comes over and his name tag says owner as well. By this time I have found the email and let them see it. They agree to honor the price and I am on my way.  Clearly Uhaul has some communication issues between its stores and the central call center that my initial call was routed to. The first issue this caused was that I never got a call back for when the installation would occur. Second when I called to setup the installation time I talked with the store where I was apparently talking to someone too busy to actually write down the appointment that we set up. Third was the price issue.
5 Even though I had to wait 30 minutes in line I cannot complain because kris and the other guy working the register were extremely patient and nice with everyone who didn't have their shit together. They went the extra mile and gave great customer service. Half hour wait was only bad thing but fill out your info online people!
4 Its Thursday morning and I arrived at U-Haul little after 8am, told the guy that I needed a fourteen footers for a couple hours, he asked if I had a reservation and I said no, then he asked me what I was moving and where to and I gave him all that info. He set me up in the system real fast, gave me the price quotes and asks if needed boxes or a dolly, told him I didn't have a need for them this time. Told me I can get the truck till 12 pm, I asked if we can push that back to 2pm, he said ok, no problem.  I just wish I could remember his name, he was so friendly and polite, explained things well to me and didn't make me feel like a fool for not having a reservation. Brought the truck back at 2pm, passed the inspection and signed my name next to the dotted line on the digital screen. Renting the U-Haul was a hassle free process; customer service was great, if I ever need to move again I will be coming back to this place!
5 We've rented from these guys quite often ... usually a quick pick up of something.  But never have any problems - I usually go online to see if they have what I need, or something close to it, process the reservation, get right in at my appointed time, and get right back out.  They are usually pretty good to us.  Would recommend them!
1 I have been to this location many times to get propane in my truck, and every single time, I have left there feeling very frustrated. To get propane, you pull up to the propane tank area and ring a doorbell to let the employees know that you need assistance. There is no way to communicate with the employees without going into the building, and you can not see to the inside from the propane tank area. There is no way of knowing if the bell worked after pressing the button, and no way of knowing if anyone is at the register area to hear it.  I have never waited less than five minutes for someone to respond at this location, and today it took me more than 25 minutes to get out of there. I went inside the building and could not find ANYONE manning the 'store' and no way to signal or summon anyone, but many employees were standing around in back. I called out to the nearest one, who was cleaning a truck, and told him I needed help. He said he would send someone out, so I went back to my truck to wait. Another five minutes passed, and the same employee drove the truck I had just seen him cleaning to the front. I made him aware that I was STILL waiting, and he said he would send someone. Another five minutes and I felt like I was being held hostage. not being able to leave because my tank was empty and I didn't know if I could make it to another station that sold propane. Yet another employee drove a truck to the front, and I let HIM know I had been waiting a very long time, and he said he would send someone out. Oy.   After waiting in 104F heat, someone FINALLY came out and filled my tank, and then the "pay at the pump" gadget failed to work, and I was asked to go inside again to pay. Once inside there was some other computer problem and I had to wait another few minutes for that to get sorted out. Twenty-five minutes to get gas in my truck is ridiculous.  I have never rented a truck from this location, so I can't speak for their customer service in that area, but I will NOT be using this location again except in cases of extreme emergency. VERY disappointed with my experiences here.   Luckily I work near the Gilbert location, and their customer service is outstanding. I will have to arrange my schedule to fill up there from now on.
1 Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12. As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22. It did not arrive until 6/26. I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location. I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company. Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!  Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund. Every person directs me to call another office. When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late. That's how it goes. I'm not giving you anything." I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case? Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations. UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable. I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence. They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.  In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car. The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it. They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing. We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete! I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late. What a complete nightmare.  Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back. But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth. FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you. Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on. If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix. They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.  Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT. http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes Charter)!
