4 Can't complain. They gave me an honest price for a right drive axle for my son's 1997 Honda Accord. They did the job correctly and I'm happy about that. I have only used these guy's once before for shocks on a Nissan Pathfinder that I use to own. Only drawback was the wait in line to speak with the service tech. The store itself was clean and the guys working there were friendly and polite.
3 Wait and see! Just turn my car in to them!
1 Took my car in to have my TPMS sensors installed. I got a quote from their Service Manager Scott and came in the next day to get the sensors installed. The person who checked my car in didn't add relearning the sensors to the job list, although it was on the original estimate for $9.99. Akram, one of  the technicians, did the job and is a very nice guy. But since the sensors weren't reprogrammed my TMPS sensor light came on the next day. I took it back in the next week to get it looked at and Scott said it would cost $40 to reprogram the sensors. I asked why it was so expensive? He said that the computer told him he needs to hook it up to a big computer to reset the sensors. I knew that wasn't required. All this was caused by his error and his team but he was to proud to admit he was wrong and didn't know what he was talking about. He flat out lied to me. I left telling him I would talk to his manager. After leaving Pep Boys I drove to Discount Tires on Chandler Blvd. I walked in and I told him my TMPS sensor light was on and he told me he would take care of it. He brought a out a handheld device and reprogrammed it in 2 minutes. He even put air in my tires. All this for FREE! I gave him a tip and left happy. Never going back to Pep Boys again.  tl:dr: Scott, the service manager, is an idiot and doesn't know what he is doing. Pep Boys tries to rip you off. Go to Discount tire instead.
3 I'm very happy with the customer service skills of the Manager-Scott. That's what the 3 stars are for. Other than that, I'm not so sure, so I'm only giving 3 for that reason.
1 Do NOT go here. My oil and tire rotation (i had and appointment) took 2 hours. And they did not do the full inspection of the rest of the vehicle. The price for the oil change was $35 for a Tahoe. Just dont go. That is all.
4 I've gone here for tires, service, and repairs for three of my past vehicles.  The prices are fair.  I canvased prices from other shops and Pep Boys were the least expensive.  The service is good.  The mechanics I've dealt with were honest.  They don't try to up-sell you just to make sales.  On a couple of occasions, I've even had mechanics inform me that I didn't need to get my rear brake shoes changed, just the pads in the front.     The rewards program is great, especially if you're getting major service done.  I once earned enough points to get an $80 Pep Boys gift card after getting the 120,000 mile maintenance service done.
1 The drivers door window would not work.  In taking the vehicle to Pep Boys, they replaced a $244 part that was not needed and the window still doesn't work.  After the fact, they told us they could do a $44 diagnostic check to see what might be wrong but would not credit the $244 nor return it.  What a rip off!!!   They lost me and my friends as customers.
1 This place is by far the worse establishment i have been to in a long time. It is officially where customer service died. I made an appointment to have my car's tires Rotated  and balanced. I made an appointment for 5:30.  i did not hear from them for TWO hours. when i went in, the gentlemen at the counter did not even greet me.  When i spoke to the manager, i advised him of the delay in time. all he said was "well looks like carlos said he told you"... i did let them know i will never be returning to this establishment.  AVOID
