3 It's a Starbucks.  The counter staff are typically helpful and perky.  Possibly that's the caffeine vapors at work.  Free wireless is available south of here at Coffee Rush etc.   I'm unclear why anyone pays hotspot fees.
5 This Starbucks is my favorite because of the great customer service.  After awhile they memorized my name and, due to my ordering habits, had my order rung up before I go to the register.  This is great for mornings when I'm in a rush.  For that 5 stars.
5 Many will argue that a Starbucks is a Starbucks. I agree that, much like Denny's, Starbucks tend to be a pretty consistent experience. The Starbucks at the corner of Alma School and Elliot is more.  Is the coffee so much better? Not really. Is the building amazing? Not at all. What is it that is special at this Starbucks? The people.  The customer service is simply phenomenal. There is a personal touch that brings a stream of regulars coming back daily. They often remember your name, drink, and even personal quirks. I'm sure if any of the staff is reading this, all I have to say is "small cup with a splash of water", and they know exactly who this is.  The staff goes beyond friendly and offers a "small town" feel to a sometimes busy Starbucks, without sacrificing efficiency.  The only complaint I have is that the outdoor tables are extremely unstable.  I think the welding has broken down.  It's hard to work on a laptop when the table pitches at a 45 degree angle at random.  It seems this is relegated to the "smoker" tables, but a little time fixing these would add a lot to the experience.  I work here a lot and always find this adding an unneeded challenge.  I highly recommend making a stop at this Starbucks.  I drive past three other ones from my home each time because it's definitely worth it.
5 After faithfully going to this specific Starbucks for years, then moving away 8 months ago... I really miss this store location!!  I have yet to encounter a Starbucks as great as you. It's just not the same. Thanks for always getting my drink right, not being stingy, putting up with my indecisiveness and particular orders, your friendly attitudes, chatting with me about randomness, being my never failing pick-me-up... my real neighborhood coffee shop.
5 Never had a problem with this Starbucks. They are as friendly as can be and the drinks are made perfect every time. Keep up the awesome customer service!
5 Haven't had a bad experience. Everyone is always nice & friendly. Adam makes me laugh when I go in & makes a bomb caramel macchiato! Thanks everyone!
5 Always fast service. Always interacting with the customers. Always the right order.
4 Starbucks, again I have to say no matter which location I wind up, I am always walking out the door with a great cup of coffee!
5 Looking for a spot with wi-fi and friendly staff, this location is awesome. They recently did a redesign inside with more efficient seating and layout. There's plenty of spots with plug outlets to hook up the laptop and plenty of window spots with a view.  Location faces Alma School road, in the Alma Elliot Square center.
4 great service.
5 friendly and fast baristas, this is one of my favorite starbucks in the valley :).
5 Good place to go and enjoy a latte or your favorite coffee. I like getting coming here to relax and use the WI Fi on my phone because with AT&T I don't get unlimited data. The service here has always been good and the staff is friendly. The parking lot is large because it is in a shopping center. I love Starbucks so this is one of my favorite places to go.
5 oohhhh how I love me a icey cold americano from starbucks!! life would not be as full without her!!!
5 All Starbucks are the same, right?  WRONG!  I work out of my car all over the valley, and yes there are other good locations, but everytime I walk into this store it is consistently top notch.  Many of the same baristas have been there for several years and they really make it seem like a good old fashioned neighborhood coffee shop.  Nice job!
5 This is one of the nicest Starbucks locations I have ever gone to. They have a great layout with plenty of room while in line or sitting (in and outdoor seating), and the store was spotless. I will definitely be coming back!
4 Making separate orders is a little to much for Elaine today!! She was rather rude and felt a need to hurry me along!! I guess she missed the customers service training this month!! Very disappointed!!
