4 Ah, Loft. How I do love thee. Especially your sale rack in the back of the store, and the 20% off coupon in the mail. I can get another pair of my fave jeans in the world, your Curvy Boot jeans in the dark wash, and maybe a top or two.  Your prices are a bit steep, so I usually don't buy anything full price...but I love your clothes and shop it smart. One of your employees today was super-nice, and even went to the back for jeans in my size.   Love the jeans...I'll be back!   (This AT Loft is in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall, on the bottom floor. The easiest route is to duck through Anthropologie's outside door and walk through to the mall area, turn right, and it's down on the left.)
1 I used to be a loyal customer of Ann Taylor before I knew a lot about quality.   So I stopped shopping there about 4 years ago when I started to realize that all of the suits and sweaters I purchased there would start to "pill"after about 3-4 uses. This is not really what I would expect from a company whose brand comes with a perceived expectation of quality.   Fast forward to April 2012, I am in Portland Oregon on a business trip and decided to purchase new pants while there.   I ended up buying 2 shirts and 2 pants there. I wore the pants (business attire) TWICE and the second time I wore them the inseam came apart. This is not something I would expect from a $50+++ pair of pants.   I called the 800 customer service phone number and apparently they are completely comfortable with this representation of their brand. I will attempt to return them to the Scottsdale store as they are the closest to my house and see what happens.
4 Good place to pick up a nice essential piece to build outfits around. The sale rack is your friend, it's worth taking five minutes to flip through it. Employees are attentive but not pushy, which frankly, I'd rather be ignored until I'm ready to purchase something, but as long as they're not breathing down my neck, I'm good.
1 On Saturday, February 8 I visited the Ann Taylor Loft at Scottsdale Fashion Square in Arizona.  I tried a few things on and ultimately picked a few things from the sale rack and the "dot print bi-stretch ankle pants", which I thought were 40% off because they were new.   When I arrived at the counter, the associate informed me they weren't in the 40% off sale--even though they were in that section.  I was disappointed but...it happens!  She totaled my purchase at just over $200 and then I told her that I was a teacher.  She asked for my ID (which I didn't have because it is a badge that I only wear at school) so, I provided her with a pay stub and an old Educator Discount Card from Half Price books.  She chuckled and said, "I can't accept that.  your card is expired and your paystub just tells me you work at a school--you could be a janitor or something."    I worked for Ann Taylor in El Paso for a year before the Cielo Vista location closed.  Additionally, I have spent thousands of dollars in both Ann Taylor and Ann Taylor loft over the past ten years. This sales associate lost a $200 sale, but the overt rudeness and derogatory comments toward janitors lost a client forever.
5 I love Loft. Although I wasn't as successful as most of my trips, my 26 year old daughter was really successful! She found tanks and shorts, all at incredible prices (60%) sale.   Great everyday clothes!
