4 I work nearby at a school, and we order from them for the students all of the time. They give us awesome deals, so we always go back. They're good to us.  Last night my daughter and I went there for an early dinner, and we ordered a pepperoni, black olive and jalapeno pie. It was ready in 10 minutes, and it was really tasty. They said it's chicago style, but it wasn't. It is thin, so it's like a NY-style that I like.   The drink list was limited (carbonated was about it), and I wanted an ice tea. The bathroom is back behind the kitchen and the place is small, but most people who work there are friendly.  You can't beat the price, and they do deliver.
2 I may be a little biased in my review, as I do not like thin crust pizza. So we decided to go with the deep dish crust and it was thin crust pizza, with a huge edge. I was not impressed with the crust for that reason, it was no where near deep and the edge was too much. It folded over, and made an even worse left over. The topings have a great flavor and they use alot of cheese, no need to order extra. My husband heard great reviews from this place and so we went out of our way to get here. However I would not go back unless I was in the area. Too much good stuff close to home. Has seating inside although it is a small place so I would recommend take out if you have the option.
5 Hands down best pizza in town!  Super friendly owners!  I really loved the wings.
5 I'm about a mile out of delivery range, but it's worth the drive for pizza from this place.  Owners are onsite and amazing to work with.    Buffalo Chicken Pizza is one of my favorites, and this place makes it the best in the East Valley!  Some of the best pizza around, at some of the best prices around!
4 This place is small, like two-and-a-half booths small.  On a Sonoran, winter afternoon, this could be troublesome as a cool draft of air will slither in every time somebody opens the door.  No fountain drinks.  Beyond that the menu is pretty huge considering it's such a teeny space.  Pizzas ranging from small personal pizzas and running the gamut up through a big 24" monster.  The prices are respectably decent, no price gouging.  The day I went I had a meatball sub with fries which was one of the many lunch specials they offer.  It was $5.50 but an even $6 bucks with tax.  Not bad at all.  The male cashier, who I assume is also one of the owners, wasn't all that personable but he wasn't rude.  He just seemed like he would rather be in the back doing anything other than manning the register.    When the female cashier returned, which I am assuming is the other owner, she was very nice and hospitable.  She checked on me a couple times to make sure I had everything I needed.  I'm not the biggest meatball sub freak but every once in a while I'll get the urge to take one on.  I'm glad I did today.  It was great.  Everything was served piping hot.  If anything I would say the sauce could be a little more flavorful but it's not anything that would keep me from ordering this same sandwich again.  This place is in the strip mall/shopping center that also houses Albertson's, Chen's Chinese and AZ Hair Company.  Check it out.
5 We were visiting family in AZ and someone told us we had to go and check out the Pizza at Rush Street.  We finally found a pizza joint that we all loved - crust not too thin and not too thick - that perfect middle! The place is small, clean and very friendly.  In the time we spent there eating almost everyone that came in was greeted by name and some even had made it onto the menu with their personal favorites! We will definately add this to our "must visits" everytime we are in town! Check it out and try the hatch chile pizza - AWESOME!!!
4 I'm not a huge fan of their pizza and wings, but they are the best choice out here and have decent prices. I will say I have had their steak sandwich before and it was AMAZING! I am exciting to try the rest of the menu.
5 Great pizza. If you're sick of those $5 pizza joints, this place has great flavor, a reasonable price and awesome service. Two thumbs way UP!   Hungry? Get the Jumbo and watch your mouth drop.   Robert Pfeifer
5 Hands down, the best place in Chandler for Chicken Wings!
5 This is the best pizza in Arizona..Hands down! They also have great appetizers and their pasta really yummy too! If your sick of the 'chain' pizza joints..This is the place for you!
1 Maybe their pizza is good, but the Italian beef sucks, as does the service.  I would not order the pizza based on those facts.
5 This place is serving some goooood pizza! My first or second choice.
3 This place was delicious! The first time we got it, 3 and a half years ago. After that I think they changed the recipe or something because the pizza looked completely different. Maybe I will give them another try the next time I am in Chandler, but for now they get 2 stars. The third star is for how friendly they are, that is the one thing about Rush St. that I admire. The people are so nice and give out free water bottles, and I often see them feeding the cats that live outside of Albertson's.
4 Tammie and Gary, the owners, were very oncerned about improving on my prior experience and they did so! We really enjoyed our sandwiches and recommend both the food and the service. It is a ood thing to support local family owned businesses these days, and I hope you all will support Rush Street Pizza!
4 Was very, very happy with the pizza.  Delicious!  Loved the service as well.  Big fan!
5 I have to say this is by far my favorite pizza place. Very well worth it. Even better when you pick up because it's so hot, fresh and the employees are so pleasant and it's affordable. Big menu, I even had a Chicago dog and my sister had an Italian beef. It was good!  Please, give them business, they deserve it!
5 The pizza is great! Even though I usually order an 8" pizza, I'm treated like a valued  customer.
4 The first time we ate at Rush Street was about a year ago when visiting family in the area.  We were just back during Thanksgiving and made it a MUST to stop in again for a pre-Thanksgiving pizza dinner!    Pizza is not something I eat very often (although I would like to!) so when I do indulge, I want it to be worth the experience - and again it was.  LOVE the crust (that perfect not too thin - not to thick crust) and it's a treat to find a place that has excellent green chili as a topping.  I even saw that they now have a 'cracker crust' for those that are looking for a super carb friendly pie!  Great food, fun/family environment and worth the trip.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND RUSH STREET PIZZA!
4 The wife and I wanted to try something "new" for a change so we jumped on Yelp.  Rush St. Pizza had some good recent reviews, garlic knots, and best of all; a Yelp coupon.   With all of that working in their favor we had to give them a try.    We ordered a thick crust pizza and some garlic knots.  The pizza was good (lots of cheese, so I was happy) and the garlic knots were amazing.  We will definitely go back and try something else on the menu (and of course get the large order of garlic knots this time).
3 My first experience with Rush St Pizza is mixed. I ordered a large pepperoni, artichoke heart, and extra cheese pizza, which is standard for me if I can get it. I used coupons from the website which made the price very reasonable.   However the artichoke was diced, probably from a jar, and made the pizza extremely soggy. For those of you that never order artichoke on a pizza, this isn't normal.   While the flavor was pretty good, soggy pizza can only go so far. It was good enough to try again, especially with the coupons that make it very affordable, and when I do I will renew my rating, but for now 3 stars is the best I can do for soggy pizza.   Until then I'll say that they are very affordable and worth the try, just don't get artichoke hearts as a topping.
3 Can't really comment too much on the pizza, as they don't have gluten-free, but my kids seem to love it.  The wings on the other hand, I've eaten plenty of.  The spicy BBQ are some of the best wings I've ever eaten.  Good sized and incredible flavor..
5 First time there and love it! Owner was most gracious. Ordered a 8" cheese for my daughter and a Greek pizza for us. Owner brought out a few garlic knots free and they were gone in seconds! Pizza's were hot and delish!
5 Well I decided to go back and try Rush Street again last night and I'm sure glad I did. I ordered a large pepperoni pizza and a couple of chocolate dipped cannolis and enjoyed them both tremendously. On top of that, I unknowingly showed up at closing time and the people inside acted very happy to cook my order instead of trying to send me away like many other restaurants will.  I also had a great time chatting with (what I assume was) the owners and their employees while I waited for my pizza to cook.    Their plentiful coupons and specials allow for very reasonable pricing on a very enjoyable meal. Add in their excellent customer service, something tough to find nowadays when looking for an inexpensive meal, I can't see myself ordering a pizza from anywhere else when I'm looking for delivery or take out in South Chandler.
4 Good Family owned restaurant.  Love supporting local business. Food was good service was even better.
5 Staff is always friendly an helpful. The food is to die for! All of it even the desserts! Love the cheese pizza. The pieces are also very reasonable.
1 I live down the street from this place and I've been here maybe 5 times. Up until the last time I was here (7:30 PM Tues, Jan 15, 2013) I have always had a great experience. Fair prices, good specialty pizzas, nice staff. However, on Tues night I went there for my usual favorite "lasagna" pizza and found different staff, a different floor/seating layout, and a different vibe in general. Weird. Anyway, I asked if they could make me a lasagna pizza and the girl taking my order didn't know what I was talking about. Also, the prices had increased a couple dollars per pizza since last time. Alright, so it had been a few months since I'd last been there, whatever. So, I order the other pizza flavor I've tried, the "Rush Streeter."   I take the pizza home and find it to be very soppy and greasy in the center. Not good and not what I normally see from this place. I'm hungry though, so I still dig in. Well, about an hour later, I start to feel my stomach get tight. 3 hours later I am puking and purging my guts out from both ends because that pizza gave me food poisoning!!! It has taken me, what, 3 days to get well enough to write out my disgust about that experience on Yelp. It is not acceptable at any time for a restaurant to give you food poisoning, no matter what the previous experiences were like. This indicates poor food handling, storage, freshness, and/or cleanliness. No matter what the cause is, I will not return. If new management have taken over, guess what, YOU HAVE FAILED. If the old management is still in charge, well then, YOU HAVE WORK TO DO REGARDING YOUR TUESDAY NIGHT STAFF.  Edit: Tammie, you said your company has never had a case of food poisoning. Well guess what, it has one now, recorded forever here on Yelp. Your counter argument based on me not understanding the difference between the flu and food poisoning is weak and insulting. Can't you admit that your temporary crew dropped the ball and provided a subpar pizza that gave someone food poisoning?
1 Food is just OK. Called the other day and I think the person on the other end must have been stupid because they answered my question with a question. Cooks in the back look really weird and the place is a mess. Don't think I will ever go back there again and save you money. Its not worth it.
4 We order the sub-sandwiches with fries or a salad and they are delicious.
4 Sometime they run special is your their Facebook friend. Great staff with a friendly smile. The pizza taste great too!
4 Very good pizza and calzones!  Delivery is normally quick and easy.
5 Ok, we are from Chicago, so we have tried tons of pizza places and we are so glad we found this place!!  Since moving here, I have been amazed at all the decent pizza places to choose from, but Rush Street is by far our favorite!!  Best sausage pizza I have ever had (its crumbled in little pieces which I LOVE) and the crust tastes like New York style crust...YUMMY!  Their pizza sauce is delicious and I absolutely LOVE their garlic knots..slightly crispy on the outside and soft and gooey (good kind of gooey) on the inside and the olive oil/pesto they drizzle on them is sooooo good!  Even their plain cheese pizza (which I get for the kids) is delicious!
1 So Let me start off by first saying I am from New Jersey on the Shore. I use to eat pizza once a week if not more. I have recently moved out to Arizona, I've been trying pizza from all places. Rush Street pizza is near by my house so I decided to order from the pizzeria.   I ordered 2 Large Pizzas, One half pepperoni and half cheese. The 2nd pizza was half olives and half chicken and bacon. We also decided to get some garlic knots.   The pizza arrives at the house. I open the pizza and it looks amazing. I go to bite into a slice of pepperoni and it is absolutely disgusting. There is no sauce, parts of the pizza is over seasoned and parts are under seasoned.   I called back up, only to hear they told me I am wrong for ordering it that way. I never once ordered, in my life, a pizza with no sauce, unless it is a white pizza. This case is not a white pizza. At this moment, I am very furious and asked the guy politely to exchange my pizzas and try to make them a better, and of course with sauce. He was very mean and finally decided I could order two pizzas again and only have to pay half price. The pizza right now is in the trash waiting for the birds. Dont be mistaken by the reviews that are 4 or 5 stars. Management and whom ever makes the food is very new to the pizza industry. I have tried other places. if your looking to spend 20 to 40 dollars here, DONT! You can spend less amount of money at Dominos, papa johns and get more for your money and actually enjoy the taste of the food, This is a Mickey Mouse operation. Very disappointed.
5 Its Thursday night! We want to order pizza, but my last experience was bad. We thought we would give it a second chance. I ordered exactly the same thing, but made sure it had sauce. IMO they are organized and keep a really good record of what happens in the system. So if you had issues the one time they will try and correct it the first time. I am giving a 5 star review only based off the fact that, when the pizza had sauce on it, it turned out to be amazing. Maybe its not exactly east coast pizza, but more than likely the rumor is true, PH level in the water makes a difference. The pizza tasted well seasoned, moist, but crispy where it needed to be. Closest place so far to the east coast. Pizza is well priced. Only thing I would have to say that i wish was different, but it is now the present is that, " The first ordered should have been replaced without cost, not have to pay half price for another order." Like i said though when the pizza came this time it was very well made.   To another note. I was happy that when the order did arrive to the house, the owner did show up and apologized for what had happened last time. Does it make up for last time? Yes and no, but to the most extent i would say yes, because that was very respectful and rational to do so. He also brought us a delicious desert. I would definitely recommend this place after my experience tonight. I will have updates as time goes on and am looking forward to eating from RUSH ST PIZZA once more. I imagine that the great Thursday experience I just had will continue to be just as delightful.  *********In response to Tami:  Thank you for the offer. Anyhow, yes, that was my first time personally ordering. There are other people in my house that use my finances to order pizza, Chinese and or anything that includes takeout in case I am not home.
4 Had heard great things all around about Rush Street so we decided to give it a try. Is says on their website that you can dine in, but the seats are very limited. Although it was tight, the staff made us feel very welcome and ensured we had a table to eat in there.   The food was flavorful, hot and tasted very fresh.  They have 8" pizzas that are only 3.99 and great for the kids.   They even deliver within a large range of miles.   We will return for sure!! I recommend it!!
4 Good sandwiches, good prices and decent pizza.
3 Pizza was good.  Just an observation, but not a place you're really going to sit down and eat.  They have a few tables in the lobby but the area is so small and with foot traffic for take out it wouldn't be a great place to sit down and have a meal.  Not a 4 and not a 3...probably a 3.5
5 Ordered the jumbo meat lovers pizza and it was excellent!! Great flavors and sauce!! If you like New York style pie, I highly recommend Rush St.
5 I have heard that this place is really good. I thought we'd give it a try. We ordered a pizza, some wings and a few salads. You normally don't think salads will be good from a place like this but they were tasty as well! I will be ordering again. Seems like the workers love their job as well. Even the guys in the back!
4 Ordered their pizza 3 times so far, each time it's been great.  Once, I even had then deliver it straight to my backyard and they humored me.   I also have enjoyed their desserts very much. Hopefully this week continue so we can have a long relationship :)
