1 stay away from this!!! you will end up pay more than you expected!! Don't waste your time!!
1 just wanna update. We end up getting the stock cabinets from home depot with a lot cheaper price(with the same layout) + warranty + no assembly cost + free truck to get your cabinets+ ready to pick up.  So, stay away from this store!!!!
1 While we were happy with the quality of the cabinets we received here, the customer service was abysmal. If you don't mind not getting phone calls returned and constantly badgering for the latest status, go somewhere else. You might end up paying a little more, but it will be worth it in the end.
2 I have to agree with everyone the customer service is "NON". Jeff is the worst. No phone calls get returned, and seems once they know your number forget it.   Josh was very helpful, we got cabinets instead of drawers and he got them to us  the same day of install.  Be sure you get the plans labeled with what you order, they seem to add what they want and then say that's what you ordered. And check for nicks and scratches before accepting delivery. We went in tor the special and went with upgrades that took us from 1000. to 3800. Started out good and after they got the money the customer service went out the door. Our first up grade was spice racks, they didn't make delivery and now being told that will be another 200. All the installer from other companies, Solid Cabinets and the granite guys were awesome workers.  Love our counter and the cabinets but still upset that the racks were not delivered  We thought maybe the family man owner would be more helpful, nope he doesn't answer the phone either.  We lost  a day of work waiting on the install that didn't happen till the next day. I would not recommend this company to anyone.  Maybe Josh should start his own company he was great.
1 This was the biggest waste on money. I should have hinge elsewhere simply fit the customer support. Jeff, Josh, and Grayson are all non unresponsive and refuse to honor the cabinets warranty work. GO ELSEWHERE!!! I have bad doors, finish issues, cracked veneers... and the company doesn't  care nor does Sollid Cabinetry.
