4 The service is always great at this location! I have my corporate mailbox here and do all of my shipping and mass copies from here as well. The staff always acknowledges your arrival and that is hard to find anymore. Don't let the current road construction scare you, it will be over soon!  (I Hope)
5 Fantastic and very friendly service.  They know all their customers and get things done quickly.  Really makes my shipping and receiving much easier.
1 We used to go to this UPS store quite frequently and had been satisfied with their service, but it has been at least a year since we regularly patronized the place.  However, we had a really unprofessional experience here recently.  We went there for rotary services for purchase of home which one employee refused to do and handed off to another employee (because as she under her breath, notary services were a pain).  This employee could not help us either as "he had never seen anything like it, and he didn't know  want to  have anything to do with something that had power of attorney on it."  I guess we are one of the first people around here to sell a home. While we waited for this man to do something, the employee who handed off our paperwork, tried and failed to scan a document to email and was quite verbal and (sorry) hickish about these "stupid" machines.  After looking at all was going on, we didn't want anyone here handling our notary services.  Eek - felt like we dodged a bullet.  Also, don't think I will be going there for any other services.  I felt like my IQ dropped 20 points when I went in there.
1 I have NEVER taken the time to write a negative review and i am the most polite and easygoing person you will ever meet, but the owner (short blond hair) and her cohort are ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE & UNPROFESSIONAL! The kids that work there, although they would say it to their faces' agree with me on this one and to many of the customers when they are not around.  I heard the owner ask her cohort if she is supposed to weigh the entire packages weight or if she needs to itemize each item and each items weight! And she is the owner!   They have absolutely NO knowledge of computers or junior high computer skills and will blame you because they have no knowledge.   I will NEVER return to this place as these ladies are completely absurd and rude to EVERY customer that comes into their shop!   Trust me, the ONLY positive reviews on here of their business are from the owners and their families.   GOOD RIDDANCE!
1 Horrendous customer service. I've seen the sales associates behaving very rudely to customers. And don't even think about using them for passport photos. Every attempt was rejected by the passport office.
1 I used to patronize this store a lot when I lived in the neighborhood. Service was good then. Today my sister asked me to pick up a package for her there as she was ill.  When I attempted to do that the owner told me, no, that she had to see proper ID.  I told her my sister was ill, and could she call her. NO! I asked if she could refrigerate it then, No, don't have refrigeration.  I left, went to my sisters and got a letter of permission from her as well as her ID.  As soon as I stepped into the store the same woman said, NO, I can't give it to you! She didn't even look at the letter or ID.  She said she could only give the package to the proper person WITH the ID.  I left again, got my ill sister and went back.  As soon as my sister signed for it, the woman said "that will be five dollars".  I said yet another thing you failed to tell me earlier!  My sister hadn't brought her purse, I went out to the car and got $10.  The woman started counting out one dollar bills for my change, I told her I wanted a five dollar bill, not a bunch of ones.  She ignored me and kept counting out ones.  I repeated my request.  She yelled at me that my change was $4.45 since there was tax on the five dollars!  I told her I thought she needed to be re-trained on proper customer care skills and what was her name.  She said her name was Annette, and said "here, you want my business card?  I'm one of the owners".  I then looked at the two young men working there and told them I felt sorry for them that they had to work with her!  They both just dropped their heads and looked at the floor.  I got the impression they were scared to death of her!  I then asked her if someone could put the box in our car, right outside the door.  She said there would be an extra charge for that!  I don't know what the five dollars is for.  As we walked out the door she yelled at us "never come back to my store again".  Believe me, we won't!!
1 STAY AWAY FROM THIS STORE!!  During a recent family crisis, I sent an overnight envelope to my daughter in a nearby state. When I honestly declared its monitary value, little did I know it would never get to her. It somehow "got lost" leaving the store. Store policy is not to send cash through the mail. Employee did not tell me this. Store owner was pitifully poor on responding to my calls - in fact, if I did not call him, I never would have heard from him at all. I have yet to be reimbursed the $52.95 it cost me for overnight "delivery". This store has an "F" rating with the BBB. No wonder!
1 Got to concur with previous reviews.  HORRENDOUS customer service!!!  I about smacked the short haired sales associate after she was a total b**** to my 3 year old.  She was looking at and spinning the turnstile.  Not damaging anything in any way, not bending anything, she didn't even pick one of the cards up!  The lady snapped at her and told her to stop touching it and then threw in a "I wouldn't want it to fall on you".  Oh please, she wasn't spinning it that hard.  They are MADE to spin.  Good thing the other associate was the one to help me bc I was fuming.   NOT TO MENTION how insulting it is for someone to presume they have the right to parent my child, esp when I am right there, paying attention, and they aren't hurting anything.
2 Chilly no-smile customer service and VERY VERY high prices to pack & ship.  I was quoted $119 to pack & ship a light but bulky item.    Uhm....   No thank you.    Went to Home Depot, bought a box and bubble wrap, used UPS online to buy my postage and it was under $35 to do to the whole thing.    I fully expected and was willing to pay a premium to have it handled - but not that rich a premium.  Combine that with the please leave immediately chill from behind the counter and I'll not be back.
1 Horrendous! I asked about their DHL service and requested forms to pre-fill before I came back the next day. They looked at me like I was crazy and spoke to me in third person amongst themselves. Then came back to ship and had no clue as to any of the questions I asked as I had never shipped DHL international. Being lighthearted, I said" I sounds like you guys dont ship DHL much..." Response from the associate was most customers know what they are doing!" I didn't take their terrible service anymore and told them they had been abrasive the entire time. After a bit of back and forth...owner walked me out. NEVER AGAIN as should you as well. Dont patronize this place!
