4 I needed a ride from Scottsdale to the PHX airport tonight, and randomly tried Ridesmart. Lucky for me, Benny (the owner) answered the phone and was able to come pick me up in a comfy white town car within 10 minutes. Benny got me to the airport quickly, safely and for $35 (same price I paid for a much less clean or pleasant cab this morning).  Benny also mentioned that he works with a couple other cars and drivers, so I can't speak to those. But I'd definitely try him again on a next trip.
4 Like Geoff I needed a ride from PHX to Scottsdale. I didn't get Benny, but another Ridesmart affiliated driver. He showed up on time and his car was clean and comfortable. The driver's command of English was fairly rudimentary, but he was able to get by ok and got me to my destination smoothly. I was able to prepay for the ride, but had to use cash for gratuity.
5 This is a great company. My husband and I always call Benny (the owner) when we go to the airport. He is always on time, friendly and courteous. Debbie H
4 Benny is great --- I fly into Scottsdale all the time and he always picks me up from the airport and take me to the airport ---- late night early morning ---- $35 flat from old town Scottsdale to PHX ---- clean Lincoln town car too --- won't use anyone else when I'm in town.
5 I've used plenty of car services all over the country and Ridesmart is the best.  Courteous, timely, nice vehicles, at a great price.  Won't use anyone else in the Phoenix area.
5 I got a ride from Benny the other day.  He was prompt and friendly.  Their website is very good as well.  It is straight forward and not shady like some other places.  Also, if the head honcho of Yelp uses Ridesmart then I guess it is good enough for me.
1 I'm sorry to say I cannot give this firm a positive review.  I made a reservation a month and a half ago for this coming Monday night.  I was sent an email confirmation.  When I called today to confirm, they had no record of my reservation.  While they were happy to accept my business, they would not honor our written contractual price.  Very disappointing and unfortunate as I was trying to transport about 20 executives to dinner in an easy and seamless way.
1 I don't like leaving negative feedback for anyone and always try to give the benefit of the doubt.  I understand it's a busy time but there is no excuse for bad manners.  That being said... Worst customer service ever!  Over they years I've used many different car service companies for business travel and this one has the worst service.  I was booking travel for a week out for my boss and submitted a request online; 24 hours later still hadn't heard a peep from them.  Next day I called to make sure they had received the request and get a confirmation number.  They guy basically told be he'd get to when he'd get to me and that there was time.  I gave him the benefit of the doubt and waited for a return call... nothing.  One and half days later  (today) I call again. I needed a confirmation number for my boss who was leaving this afternoon for other portions of his travel.  The same guy basically yelled at me and said he'd get back to me.  I tried to tell him I need the number today due to other travel.  Finally I just said "Forget it, if your customer service is this bad I don't want to use you."  He could have politely said he's super busy but promised to get back to me.  If this company can't return a phone call in a deceit time frame, how can I rely on them to actually be reliable for a pickup? Not to mention that I wasn't even sure they could accommodate my request.  To bad for him... I work for a CEO of a major company and my boss will be traveling to Phoenix a lot over the next year and beyond.  He just lost a big chunk of change.
1 I submitted a request on their website late on Wednesday night for a ride early Friday morning. I hadn't received a call yet on Thursday, so I made other arrangements and called back Ridesmart to cancel my request. The conversation went something like this:  Me: Hi, I had put in a request on your website but I wanted to cancel it. Him (in weak English): What time did you? Me: Late... Him: Oh, well after 8pm, we cannot... Me: I know, except that this ride is for tomorrow morning. Him: What is your name?  ... I gave him my name, and that was that -- it was cancelled. There was no attempt at retaining my business, there was no attempt at even explaining a lack of response. If it's that they don't even GET the form requests put in after 8pm, they should definitely say so. I particularly didn't like having given them my credit card information in the request form -- what is that about?  Not having a confirmation (or any form of contact) about 12 hours before a ride is way too nerve wracking for me, particularly for a flight the Friday before Christmas.
1 My latest experience proves my theory that all taxi/towncar services are the same.  It is exceedingly difficult to find a consistently reliable service.  After my first experience with Benny and Ridesmart I felt relatively comfortable arranging a ride to the airport.  I was still weary because of past dealings with companies like these so I built in a buffer of time just in case he was late or didn't show at all.  The time of my ride came and went so I decided to give Benny a call to get his status.  He told me that he thought I said "Thursday" instead of "Wednesday" when I made the reservation a day prior.  I was pissed but not surprised because in the back of my mind I knew this would happen and planned accordingly.  He actually called me back several minutes later and said he would be right there because he was "10 minutes away" which is actually taxi speak for half hour.  I declined and drove myself to the airport.  This just goes to show how difficult it is to find reliable transportation when you need it most.  Even if I had called to confirm my ride and/or printed out an email confirmation; there would be no guarantee that he would have showed up.
