1 Dr. Jack Wilson is a great dentist and I had a really good experience with him.  Too bad his front office person ruined it.   I know my way around medical insurance, so I could tell that I was getting overbilled.  The office's financial statements are almost impossible to read even if you understand the numbers, which didn't help.  Stil, I would have been willing to overlook all that, if I'd been treated with concern and respect when I brought the problem up with Tracy, the desk manager.   She either wouldn't or couldn't answer my billing questions, refused to address my concerns, actually scoffed at my knowledge ("Dental billing is totally different from medical billing" - which isn't true) and basically ended the conversation with, "It's just such-and-such an amount of money - get over it."  At no point did she even try to reassure me that she'd look into it or do anything about it. Now to be fair, my situation was a bit confusing because we switched insurance companies mid-treatment, but I was still able to hammer the numbers out.  I triple-checked them with both insurance companies, and in the end all our numbers matched up, with Dr. Wilson's office owing me about $50. Even after I'd spoken with Tracy about my concerns, and sent a spreadsheet breakdown of my numbers to Dr. Wilson, my final statement from the office was just a copy of their last bill from my insurance company, with the amount that wasn't covered highlighted.  If I'd paid for that bill, I would have been out even more! When I called the office asking for my overpayment to be refunded, Tracy told me to either mail or fax my spreadsheet to her so she could "make sure my numbers matched theirs".  Honestly, I got the distinct impression that she 1) couldn't care less that they owed me half a hundred bucks, 2) wasn't doing a damn thing on their end to see whether it was true, and 3) was hoping I'd give up and drop it in the face of having to compile the numbers and prove my case.   The last straw was having to call them a couple weeks AFTER I'd faxed the spreadsheet, because nobody'd gotten back to me with an update, only to be told the "check's in the mail" without so much as an apologies-for-your-inconvenience.  And what do you know, I got that check a couple days after that last phone call.  Almost like she STILL didn't bother to send it until I asked about it AGAIN... Bottom line?  If you want to risk overpaying, subjecting yourself to long talks with your insurance company, getting treated badly for fighting to get your money back, and losing a small amount of faith in humanity just to see Dr. Wilson, well, he's a really nice guy and a really good dentist.   Ten stars for him, minus nine for his office person.  At this point, you couldn't pay me to go back there.
1 Horrible dentist! My first visit so I filled out forms , which I hate, and I put a line through all the no's on oart of the health section. Well he didn't like that and came out smacking his gum and asked if I was having a bad day... I said no why? He says I must be by the way I filled out the form so I said not at all are you? Bottom line he continued to harp on it and I said forget this... And left! Seriously? No wonder he has bad ratings! What a jerk!!! 1 review that is not currently recommended
1 I came here about a month ago because I have sensitive teeth, and also to get a regular cleaning. I saw dentist Sheryl I believe is her name.  So she checked me, and said I needed to use floss more often, and that I needed a regular cleaning; then another male dentist came to check me, and he said I had my gums to low, due to a bacteria I can't remember the name. So he recommended a deep cleaning, otherwise in a far future I could end up with out teeth; to make the story short. So, the female dentist started explaining the procedure, and I noticed she was nervous, as she was explaining.  They wanted to get me in immediately. For the price, they wanted to charge me $400 for the entire mouth; so I look for a second opinion, and as I thought they were lying to me; I had gingivitis and just needed a regular cleaning. My gums being to low is because I brush my teeth to aggressive, which I do.   So, NO! I do not recommend this place at all.
