5 Am I seriously the first one to review this amazing store??????   Well, if you like good quality stone that is not outrageous in price then this is the place to shop. Sure, their beads are not cheap, but then again I have never seen anything less than 'A' grade here. I know they have trade beads and crystal, but honestly I don't know how much because all the time I'm there I'm drooling over their stone and turkish silver. They also have a ton of bali that is high quality. The sales people are sweet and helpful. They even sent me a thankyou and welcome card!   If you work with bronze they have their own line of hand cast findings. Also, the owners have their own studio with their own beautiful work. They have a tone of handmade clasps , some are inlayed by hand. This store is seriously the best I've ever been to, and I even work at another bead store in the valley!.(shhhhhh!)
5 No kidding, there are NO REVIEWS to speak of for this store? It is the nicest bead store I have ever been in. The staff are overly helpful and attentive. They will go to great lengths to get you what you need. I can't tell you how much I love the inlaid components. They have over the top beautiful clasps. Things I could never find in Omaha. I am stoked that I got so many pretty things.
1 Not impressed AT ALL.  I was actually ignored at the counter when I needed help.  The rude sales girl turned her back and walked away.  A very haughty store. Go there if you enjoy that kind of service.  Will tell all my beading friends to not waste their time going there.  Too bad for you...I had lots of money to spend today.
1 This was one of my most awful experiences at a craft store of any kind. Quite honestly, I found the staff to be rude and the selection to be sparse and over priced. Just because you live in Scottsdale doesnt mean you are required to fit the stereotype. There are other great bead stores in the area. I will NEVER go back to Scottsdale Bead Supply.   When I got there, I expected to see row upon row of a beautiful selection, seeing as on their website, this is how it looked. I walked in to the awkwardly dark store and got a glare from on of the women working there who took on look at me and said, "Purse in the locker. Take the key." with an arrogance I have never been subjected to in my many years of creating jewelry.   Terrible. Absolutely terrible.
5 Wow do they have everything you need.  I felt like I could purchase he smallest beginner items up to the most exquisite gem you would want to create into a masterpiece.  They were very friendly and informative.  I have seen this company grow from a little store to a store with lockers and wonderful helpers.  Get your credit card ready.
5 What an enchanting oasis in old town.  I love this place for quick repairs on necklaces/bracelets (beats 'fix it fast' bar none any day all day). Just the place to place to visit for when you want to get creative as well. If you have a ladies occation coming up this would be a cute place to make some bracelets for the bunch. I also like how everything is clean and organized not to mention how polite the staff is there.
5 Was looking for a specific bead.  Unfortunately it was not something they carried.  The owner went above and beyond making a call to another vendor  to see if they had the specific bead.   That vendor had what I was looking for, had the owner not given me the information and made the call I would still be on the hunt.
5 Well, I'm just shocked to see anything less than a 5 star review here.  I've been coming here before they built the Gallery, when it was just a small house with crates of trade beads. In all that time not one person employed there has been less than helpful!   Most people do not have the opportunity to visit bead stores in 6 states and for this I am grateful. I still have not found any with as large a selection of unique components, artistic lamp work and higher-end gemstone strands.  Mike and his lovely wife,  along with their father create AMAZING sterling and bronze findings.  Truly a work of art and a labor of love!   This shop is large and open with TONS of natural light.  Their bead strands are all personally hand-selected so you are really getting more quality than quantity.  Many bead stores buy bulk from China and  they all seem to carry the same stones in the same cuts and same sizes.    They may not cater to everyone but that's okay, they take pride in what they do and do it very well. If you want that one detail, that one clasp or bead that sets your project apart then you will most likely find it here.  I personally know of 4 working,  successful artists (one even has her own boutique here) who consistently go to Scottsdale Bead for their jewelry designs.
5 I am new to the jewelry making business and have gone to a few other bead stores. This is the place with the kindest most patient people. The owner was so kind to me! They make all of their own unique bronze buttons and charms.  Not to mention the store is beautiful inside and out! If you are looking for a great bead/ jewelry buying experience this us the place to go!
