5 During December I had a slow leak in my guest bathroom toilet that I ignored until my water bill came and I was shocked it had increased by 20 bucks over the prior month.  I took action and had Scottsdale Plumbing come to assess the situation.  To rebuild my old toilet would cost about as much as a new one so I opted for a new "convenient" height toilet plus get a low flow rebate.  Since I needed to have one replaced I thought I might as well replace the other toilet at the same time. So far, so good but both bathrooms had yucky shag carpet that Mike T, Erik T and Holly T all knew about from their visits.   As the plot thickens "Ed" the plumber has a brother who does tile. I had Michael come to assess the flooring and decided to have both carpets replaced with tile.  The next step was to look for tile at Home Depot which was relatively easy and more or less painless.  With tile in hand the carpet was removed and low and behold there was yucky linoleum under neath.  After removing the linoleum the job went relatively quickly.  Then it dawned on me that the guest tub/shower combination was in need of new faucet  handles and new shutoff washers to prevent the drip, drip, drip after taking a shower.  Of course, if I did one bathroom I might as well do the other bathroom... Right? Well, here is where the complications set in.  Both bathrooms needed new "tub & shower 8" three handle valve bodys"  Did I happen to mention the bathrooms are side by side but with the toilet and shower plumbing at different setbacks to the hallway?  Well, this was a big deal.  In fact almost worth going to Dominos for the BFD pizza.. Needless to say yesterday did not go well as more complications set in with wood rot, broken tiles, mis-aligned plumbing but the good news is Ed, Michael and his assistant came thru with flying colors.  I now have a great looking guest bathroom and the master bathroom is on its way to completion. Great Job by Scottsdale Plumbing and adapting to the changing situation.
2 One of Phoenix Yelp's most famous Yelpers has an infamous father known affectionately by her and others as a peddler of bombast. In addition to balderdash, he sells one of a kind parts for a certain variety of entertainment devices. They're one of a kind because the devices are old and you can't get parts anywhere else North of 1969. His garage is probably the only place in the world where you can find some of these parts. He manufactures them himself. So he can charge a bloody fortune for them. Like, a fortune! The markup is in the thousands of percentage.   Enter Scottsdale plumbing. My mom had trouble turning down the hot water in her shower and being that I'm so handy, off to work I go...   The internal components were completely calcified and 30 years old. Needles to say, Ace Hardware doesn't have one of the necessary large-threaded attachments I need to complete the job. Neither does Lowes, where I was told "Sometimes you just have to call a plumber." I am a plumber, asshole. I rerouted the guest bathroom to two shower heads in the womb, biatch!   So I have to go to the famous Scottsdale Plumbing Co. I'm a bit of a femme, so every time I go into a place like this I throw on my Sportiqe apparel so they'll show me some goddamned respect. I would say that this was no different, though, to be fair, I didn't wear my tragically heterosexual deep V so we may never know. But they're definitely gruff, as expected.  So they gouge... Oh, sorry, I mean they sell me two parts I need. The part I bought that I couldn't find anywhere else was $70. S E V E N T Y dollars. I have worked at a machine shop. I know this is a $.70 part but because it's unavailable anywhere else, S$E$V$E$N$T$Y dollars. How they sleep at night...   Ok so in addition to this part, which I have no choice but to buy, they sell me the other part I need which is available at ACE. SPC charges $57 for this part. I bought it at ACE for about $35. I took it back to SPC and they were cool about the exchange. But damn!   So anyway, buy nothing but the very minimum of what you need there. I appreciate that they're there. I just wish they were a little less expensive.
3 We recently had a leak in the water line to our refrigerator, and called Scottsdale Plumbing Company (SPC) to help us, because it was a weekend and an emergency. I'm not sure how their weekend rate compares to other plumber weekend rates, but I thought it was rather high. Nevertheless, the plumber from SPC came within an hour of our call and helped us stop the leak. Rather than fix the water line and rack up the weekend rate hours, though, he suggested he leave the water line as it was (with the leak now stopped), and come back the following week when he would only have to charge their normal weekday rate. I really appreciated that suggestion, because it showed he recognized how high their weekend rate was, and that he wanted to help us save money, while getting the job done.  I'll have to check what their regular weekday rate is to see if I'll call them again, but overall, I'm glad SPC was there to help us in a pinch, and glad their plumbers are honest and considerate.
4 We just bought a house and there are issues regarding the plumbing. I called Scottsdale Plumbing Company for the plumbing works. They were very professional in every aspect. They gave us a fair estimate for the work. They informed us by calling that they were on the way to our house, they arrived on time for the appointment, although there were flaws in their work, they manage to correct it. Overall, I'm satisfied with their service.
5 Scottsdale plumbing rescued us today from a kitchen sink emergency. They were promptly out here and finished the job so quickly. We were so impressed with the professionalism of Brad and the price of the job. We will definitely use them again and highly recommend them! Thank you for the great service!
