5 I don't know what it is about this damn chain but I absolutely love it. I pay $10 for a sandwich but can't find anything to complain about.  The chicken carbonara is by far my favorite, however I do vary sometimes and get the turkey peppercorn parmasean.  I like this place so much I have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise.  I have never come across anyone who doesn' t enjoy a delicious toasty Quizno's sub sandwich.  In fact, I refuse to go anywhere else when it comes to fast food sandwichs.
4 Toasty Torpedo. $4 and I'm good for lunch. The ladies that work here are very nice.
3 Is Quiznos the best sandwich shop out there? No. But how on earth Subway managed to become the number one fast food chain in the country when Quiznos is infinitely better than they are is beyond me.
1 What is so hard about making a sandwich? It seems so easy, yet both Quiznos and Subway can't seem to master it. I have made two recent trips to Quiznos and have been totally disappointed both times. I mean, can I have some food on my sandwich? Just a thought. The servings are miniscule. All I could taste was soft bread, lettuce and some sort of paste (was it tuna?). Awful. And the price? Holy cow! The first time was $5 for a couple of mouthfuls. The second time was almost $9 for slightly more. Next time, I'll just go to the store and do it myself.
2 I have to subtract a star because I just don't care for the new menu.  I guess they are trying to be more healthy to compete with Subway.  But they still have the same calorie laden sauces, most of the sandwhiches come with mayo by default, and fatty meat (which apparently now is hormone-free which is a good thing).  Just adding extra tomato and lettuce after it goes thru the toaster does not make it healthy.  And now instead of being toasty and bubbly with cheese, they are lukewarm with cold veggies.  Yuck.  And what's up with loosing the cantina chicken and the few other selections I actually liked?  Yes, I could "build my own" but I don't want to think on my lunch break.  I just want to order and have you make it for me.  Just give me my Cantina Chicken Sammie, dammit.  They have lost everything that previously made them better than Subway.  The only thing keeping them from one star is the fact that they still have Sunchips and the zero calorie pink grapefruit SoBe.
2 We all had the same size sub but the one I had was teeny tiny.  Ingredients were sparse and the staff was stressed and got mad at another patron in front of me.  Not my fave place.
1 I think I just bought the worse sandwich I've ever had in my entire life. Aren't Quiznos subs supposed to be toasty? The bread is cold, the cheese is non-existent and as the other reviewer said, the tuna tastes like paste. Paste that has been sitting in a bucket for 4 days. And now you have to ask them for the toppings. I requested jalapeños and banana peppers and I swear I got one of each.  I'm starving but not enough to even finish this sandwich. Should have gone the two extra miles to get to Potbelly's instead.
1 This location is closed.
5 Good quality food. It is a little pricey; however it's good food!
5 I personally love Quiznos! It's the best place to get a delicious, fresh, warm sub for lunch. ITS SO YUMMY!!
