4 This is a chain burger place, but they do make the burgers fresh and let you dress them yourself.  Granted, this same scenario plays out a thousand times better at The Chuck Box in Tempe, however,  The Chuck Box lacks one thing...a nacho cheese pump!  Oh, glorious plastic cheese that you can pump on your fries to your heart's desire.  Heck, pump it on to your burger if you want!      Three stars for the burgers and one star for the vat of cheese.
2 Apparently the original name was Fuckrudder's but for some reason that didn't take off. So a few multi million dollar advertising meetings later, waaa laa, Fuddrucker's. Ahhh, c'mon, it's still fun to say. Now, is it fun to eat here? Well, back in it's hey day, I thought it was pretty fun. Design your own burger. Grab a beer. Chow down. However, the last time I ate at Fuddrucker's, it was a sad sight. The "burger bar" was a disaster. Nothing really interesting for toppings. Except for the artificial nacho cheese sauce perhaps. And what was there was picked over like the last bologna wrapped pickle at a trailer park picnic. And speaking of trailer parks, even though this particular Fuckrudder's, ooops, er um, I mean Fuddrucker's is in tony Scottsdale, the clientele was, was, well they scared me.
3 I went to Fuddruckers simply because I was walking by it and it was lunch time and I didn't want to wait so long at Oregano's.  There is something funny yet gay in the name of Fuddruckers and that they sell fresh meat (a la Fudgefuckers).  Although the yellow awnings have always annoyed me, it does foreshadow the circus like atmosphere once you step inside.  This is one of those family restaurants that believe in throwing some old junk and memorabilia on the walls and think it's a fun local place.  If you are going to put up an old football helmet, put the whole thing up, not just half of it.  Those half ones were never used, not even in the special Olympics.  With the smell of an old garage and unsurprisingly a bunch of overweight patrons, this place was not fun and certainly not gay.  Interestingly, there were lots of skinny men in this place; they need all the protein and blood they can get. So for 12 bucks I got the 1/2lb bacon cheeseburger and fries.  It was great the cashier (I think he was the manager, and gay to boot; must been attracted to the name) told me that the meal deal was a better deal.  That saved me like a dollar and since no tip jar was around, I stuffed it into my front pocket. Although the steak fries were a little too peppery, they were good.  Not soggy, not overly crisp or oily.  The hamburger was good.  Not the best, but good.  It was cooked to my satisfaction.  Props to the immigrant cook staff for getting the cooking right.  +++'s: Decent food, bottled beer on ice, friendly service, good cooks, fresh and filled condiment buffet, fun to squirt your own ketchup and mustard from the buffet area, free refills, outdoor patio, not too busy for weekday lunch time  - - -'s: Chintzy décor, no eye candy, a tad overpriced for what you get, yellow circus awnings, drab atmosphere, no wifi  In sum, if you are in the mood for a hamburger, a quick bite to eat, and are in the vicinity of a Fuddruckers, this place delivers.  If you are looking for a real local place, fun atmosphere, and better food, look elsewhere.
2 Went to a family event at Fuddruckers this week. Have a relative who digs it. Going there just gives me the willies.   It definitely seems to have been cleaned up a bit from the last time we went. It was dirty, nasty the previous time. Little bit of solace in that. DIdn't seem as dirty. They'd reupholstered the booths with the torn vinyl. They'd gotten rid of the cracked & torn vinyl red & white striped tablecloths. Still cracked & old formica but it didn't seem as dirty.  As far as the food, I got a bacon cheeseburger that was just not very good. Ok, but nothing special at all. The fries weren't great either. In years past, I was a big fan of the plastic cheese in the heated cheese fountain but not so much either. After it cools a bit, it's just nasty.  I will go back when future family events require & maybe with less trepidation but I still wouldn't go there by choice with other good options nearby.
3 So I went there at the beginning of this month with a friend...for the first time...yes believe it or not I had never been to fudd's.  It was OK...I mean not that big of deal it's a burger joint with a pick your own toppings bar...big deal...some of the nostalgia on the wall is cool.  The service was not that great..but the people that did come see us were at least friendly.
3 You know how in the first Ghostbusters movie how Sigourney Weaver's apartment building was a conduit for negative and dark forces because of rituals that had transpired that caused the framework to work as an inherently evil gateway to be used by Gozer?  That's how I kind of feel about this place.  Only, instead of being a gateway for evil, it's more like a gateway for absent-minded people who will stand in your way and/or walk behind you MUCH TOO CLOSE.  You know the kind of people I'm talking about.  The people who made it why the sneeze-guard had to be invented... people so careless and dumb they'll sneeze on food.  This place is depressing.  It's true.  I mean, it's as though everyone in town who wants to bitch and moan and ooze out piss and vinegar decided to come to Fuddrucker's.    This is a shame because I actually really enjoy the burgers.  I think they're fabulous.  And the fries are really good.  They're those potato wedges with the skins that I enjoy.  They have a make your own burger bar and their to go system is brilliant.  They give you enough cups for everything so that you can make 100% sure that your burger will NOT be soggy.  It never is.    Plus, and this is a bonus, they have round pickle slices for your burger and they also have like those half pickles, too.  So, you can have a pickle on the side without looking like a pickle-slice collecting weirdo.  I do think the food is great, but I hate, hate, fucking HATE going inside.  It's depressing to me.  It's not dirty or filthy, but the building works as the antijoy.  It saps your joy in the same way that antimatter can make things seize to exist and create gnarly explosions.  If you can get in and out really quick, you will get a great burger.
4 It's pretty good.   One time they did have a sign in the line that said, "8 minutes from this point", like they were disneyland or something.   But the burgers are good, and the fries. and the cheesy sauce is good for dipping.
3 well this isn't the same fuddruckers I was last at a couple months ago, things have changed for the better.  They have jalapeno cheese sauce now. Up until today, it was the only fuddruckers I had been at that did not have it. There was also a lady in a blue shirt (manager maybe) wandering around the dining room filling drinks, asking how the food was and taking away plates. It was something I wasn't used to coming here before and was a nice touch, almost like a real live sit down restaurant. It was a great improvement since the last time I was here and it was very welcomed.
