4 I have been going to Michael for at least a year now, and am a pretty satisfied customer.    1) great location at the corner of Indian School and Scottsdale Rd. 2) totally chill vibe for the primo location!  Michael owns the salon and keeps the feel very grounded -- not pretentious or snooty at ALL. 3) great value:  very reasonable prices for cut and color 4) flexible scheduling.  The one heads up I must give is that Michael will DEFINITELY want to talk with you while you're there, so don't plan on any spaced out zen time.  If you're reading a magazine, he'll be right over your shoulder asking what you are reading about.  On the plus side, he is super intelligent and outspoken so it's fun to talk about politics or local issues with him -- he's very well rounded and has had a super interesting life.
5 I went for the first time last month for a cut and highlights. Michael was very good at understanding what I wanted and most importantly, GAVE ME WHAT I WANTED!  I paid just a little less than what I had been paying so I think I'll go back since I'm on a tighter budget these days like most of  us ;) Hopefully he can keep his prices reasonable. I really don't get these stylists that charge like they're using real gold in your hair instead of $4 bleach products.
5 Best blow dry ever! Michael knows colour, cut, extensions, styling and most importantly does the best blow dry in Scottsdale. I can never make my hair look even close. He will be honest and if you want to do something different with your hair, he will tell you if your type of hair will do that. With over 30 years experience he is not a young kid fresh out of beauty school that hopes for the best. He knows his stuff and obviously is the owner of the salon. Yes, the location is a prime spot in Old Town (right next to Teres) but is just a little cheaper in pricing than other salons. His salon is definitely a nicer business but he keeps it casual where it is not a snobby atmosphere. He does have a big clientele. If you need your hair done within the week he can typically fit you in. Call the business line. He usually is the person who answers and set an appointment. Guarantee if your loyalty is up for grabs then you should go to Michael V Salon and see what you think.
