5 True Story:  I heard that Robert McGrath was renovating the old Smoke Tree Resort.  Drove by a few times and then noticed the REM sign (It was kirei board!) and there was a small hand-written sign beside the door with the hours posted for lunch.  (I should backup and say that this occurred last July 2007.)  We went for lunch, walked in the door, no-one around, went towards the restaurant and noticed a group of 3 guys having lunch.  There was an old-school vibe,  no music, old-school furniture, and also new silverware selections, drawings and blueprints on a large cluttered table, etc.    The waiter comes out a few minutes later and brings the menu - 3 items - A salad, pulled pork sandwich, and a chili I think. The menu was printed on a sheet of paper, bold lettering, no descriptions, so classic... just the item and the amount.  It was pretty obvious that they were either testing menu items, or..., not sure why else that it would be open?!  The experience was worth us coming back again.  So anyway,  we came back the following week.  Nothing had changed, same old-school, stumbled upon feeling.    At the end of our meal, we realized that we didn't have any cash!  Sharing this with the waiter, he actually said - "That's ok, pay me the next time you come in."  !!@#$%&  How cool is that?  We scoured her handbag, my wallet and came up with just enough.    I am looking forward to REM opening - maybe I can have the same deal?
5 I had stayed at Smoketree Resort over 5 years ago when I came to Scottsdale for a wedding.  When I found it was (very) pet friendly, I booked a room for a 3-day stay when I came to town to visit relatives.  The suite was spacious, separate bedroom with two very comfortable queens.  Although the resort was built in the 60's, it had updated decor, flat screen TV in the living room, and was exceptionally clean.  Our room opened onto the spacious grass and garden area, with a short walk to the fenced in pool area.  It was perfect for my small dog...and there was NO pet fee!  Considering we were staying in Paradise Valley I was amazed at the very reasonable rate of $110/night.  The staff was all very friendly and helpful...even shipping the magnifying mirror I'd left stuck on the bathroom mirror to me!  The signage is easy to miss, and front building doesn't look like there's a motel behind it; so it's a great find!  No on-site restaurant, but upscale AJ's food store/deli is short walk down the street.  I'm looking forward to a return visit!
4 I had a great experience here.  Service was good, the room was clean and spacious and they accepted my dog which is huge for me.  There was plenty of outdoor space for him to roam.  The pool is enclosed and you are allowed to have your dog there off-leash.  I would come here again.   One bad thing:  WIFI was super spotty.  Never worked.  Overall this place was great.
