5 Deedee had a really rough day this week...sick as a...well, as a dog!  Poor little pup!  She had an unpleasant reaction to some of the medicine she takes for her arthritis...she and I are both getting up there in years!  Placebo's and scotch don't help as much anymore!  She's fine now...oh, a little stiff and sore, but still going strong!  To make a long story short(er), I had to get the carpet cleaner out of storage (what, you don't have your own carpet cleaner?!?!).  You know, clean up a few of the spots where she got sick...not really worth having the full blown carpet guys in.  But when I went to use it, one of the doo-hickey's in the fremastat had burbled and the plenum gargoon was kaput!  So that had to be fixed...and in spite of my prowess in fixing most things, I didn't have access to the Plurkie's spanner and the Spretzer spindle needed to repair it!  It's a Hoover (boy do I love the word..."Hooooooover"), and a look at the Hoover website (checking for the right part - a left handed torsion nozzle) led me to Park Ridge Vacuum (another word I love..."Vacuuuuuuum").  I took it by PRV and they fixed my Hoover in about 10 minutes, while I waited...and they charged me exactly $5.00 US money!  I could not have asked for better service, better prices, more convenience and nicer people...and to top it off, they had the PGA golf tournament (reg. tm. - "Glory's Last Spurt") on their TV, for my viewing pleasure while I waited!  I would not even consider going anywhere else to get the fremastat on my Hoover re-snorkeled!
5 We have been using the services of Park Ridge Vacuum for several years, and have found them to be an excellent company to deal with. They are fast and efficient and the best thing is if there is nothing major in the way of a repair, and you say something really nice about the Cubs they sometimes work at no charge for their services!! So remember, they are excellent to deal with, are Cub fans who still believe!
5 This is the only place I would go. Quick and painless service and they know what they are talking about!
5 These guys are great--knowledgeable, fast, honest, fair, and fun, to boot. I'm so happy to have found them, to be free of Mr. Vac-N-Sew, where I always felt like I was being conned.
4 I've had my Dyson DC14 for a couple years and recently it went on the fritz. Every time I activated the "carpet" setting, the base would would buzz and shake like I sucked up a pile of rocks. More than that, the "floor" mode barely maintained suction.  Frustrating to say the least.   Calling around, I landed on Park Ridge because five star reviews are nothing to overlook. The owner informed me that they'll fix Dyson's except for the Ball type. I brought it in on Tuesday, showing up right as the owner was locking up the for the day. He empathized about how bad the traffic can get on Shea and took me in. I explained the symptoms and it sounded like he knew the problem right away. Along with replacing a belt, he offered to swap out my HEPA filter and give her the full rundown.  I came back to pick up my Dyson on Friday. After a quick test at home, I'm happy to say she's back to nearly brand new condition. These guys were fast and thorough, even knocking off a couple bucks because I opted to pay cash. All said and done, it cost me around $120, which is not bad when you realize that replacing one of these vacuums can cost two to three times more.
