5 It's amazing the crap people will buy.  One person's trash is another person's treasure?  I believe so.  I sold over $1,000 of my crap at this store.  No kidding...and it went fast!    My Sisters Attic is clearly MY gold mine, why is everyone looking in the Superstitions?  This one is prolly a bit smaller than others, but the stuff moves.  Garage sale?  Who needs the headache...
3 I really like this place!  It's fun to shop and has a great many odds and ends to accent a room.  One of my recommendations would be to arrive early in the morning, which I do sometimes before work -- the previous night's new items are on the floor, so you have the first opportunity to pick and choose.  The staff have been very helpful and are always very friendly.  The one downside is the lack of delivery on the larger item; but there's always the U-Haul folks.
5 My favorite consignment store, hands down. It does get a little overstuffed in here, but I find the pricing and selection to be the be best. I stop in once a week or so, and frequently make purchases. One of my friends scored an amazing mid-century dining set here. Pricing is generally realistic--I'm parsimonious to put it nicely, and I still buy here! They have sorted out a problem that arose a while back with some consigned carpets that reeked of animal urine. Someone must do a sniff test now before accepting. Good idea! The staff is nice. I like the assortment of accessories. It's apparent that a lot of thought and research goes into arriving at prices that are fair to consignors but appeal to shoppers. Inventory turns over fast. Good store.
1 Extremely disappointed and would not recommend consigning fairly new and nice furniture items.. I brought in 3 pieces of furniture that were purchased within a 2 year time period and were still in the store catalogs.  I gave them the receipts and they had priced them less than 1/2 of what they were purchased for and that was okay, but what disturbed me was, they were marked down within 2 weeks of being in the store and I was told that they had a lot of interest and it was priced to high.  The two desirable pieces sold as soon as they were marked down and the 3rd piece which was less desirable was never marked down ???.  I still can't figure that one out. When I questioned the man on the floor,  his response was we need to price that down too.  Very arrogant attitude and I learned my lesson the hard way.  There are many Consignment stores out there and they wait 60 days before they mark down an item and you split the purchase 50/50.  If it's a nice item, I'd go else where..
3 Prices are generally very fair, but merchandise selection is uneven....sometimes good, often crappy.  No real display or merchandising going on here..everything's just thrown on the floor, haphazardly.   And what happened to all the friendly & helpful female employees who worked there for years?  Is there some weird new management policy to hire only disheveled twenty-something guys who lack customer service skills (they can't even say "Hello", much less assist a customer) ?? Guess MSA is OK just resting on their long-time laurels...and letting things totally slide. When MSA was the only game in town, I guess that "worked".   Too many other consignment stores now to bother with this one!
