2 This is a two star review, so you know how's it gonna go.  But, let me start with some positives.  This was a free Hilton HHonors stay while I was in town with some people for Spring Training.  The location is a bit far from Scottsdale Stadium - only 6 miles, but 6 long and traffic lit miles on Scottsdale Drive.  The drive out to the new Salt River Fields is much, much easier.  Theres a good amount of parking, we never had any problem finding someplace close to the main entrance, especially given how busy it was.  The staff was extraordinarily friendly and easy to work with.  One slight disappointment... this is the only Hampton I've been to that didn't offer complimentary cookies every evening, but I promise I didn't dock a star off for that.  The rooms are a decent size, with a work desk, decent sized TV, and an nice bathroom, although it was all showing obvious signs of wear, but clean.  A mini-fridge and microwave are available, and while I didn't try out the in-room Wi-Fi, for AT&T customers, the 3G signal was completely fine.  5 bars, if on the slow side.  (likely from the number of guests)  There's also either a Starbucks or McDonalds nearby, because a good quality attwifi network was nearby.  The breakfast area is a bit small, so it doesn't take much to get crowded, and the food is pretty much the standard Hampton Inn breakfast - cold pastries, fruit, milk, juice, coffee, cold hard boiled eggs, a pancake station, and maybe some scrambled egg crumbs and fried breakfast potatoes.  It was adequate.  So if everything is pretty adequate, what drove down the rating?  The plumbing.  Thank God we were only at this place for two nights, but good grief... every time someone in our room or a room nearby turned on the faucet, turned on the shower, flushed a toilet, there was what sounded like someone banged hard on a drum followed by a very loud rush of water.  We all woke up multiple times during the night from the ruckus.  (We also woke up once when a guy next door, probably drunk, decided he was a pirate.  But fortunately, the staff took care of that quickly.  That's not their fault)  Maybe it was just the room we were in, but that's completely unacceptable.  Not even worth a free stay next time.
4 I was there all this past week.  Overall, it was a positive experience.  The people at the desk, Irvin, Libby and Jody, were consistently helpful and friendly.  The hospitality staff was thorough and efficient and the room, although a bit small, was cleaned well every day with a smile.  There was plenty of breakfast food. Parking was OK.  I did not get to try the pool, hot tub or fitness center.  There were a couple of drawbacks:  1) the free, high speed Internet access was slow at best and even out-of-service at some times.  2) As another reviewer mentioned, it seems to take forever for hot water to reach my shower (I was on the 2nd floor).  3)  The building is aging and needs some interior cosmetic and infrastructural renovation.  Another reviewer mentioned the noisy pipes and that indeed is a reality.  To lessen the harsh cove lighting in the bathroom, I simply put one of the lamps from the bedside on the generous vanity and made a huge difference.  I would go back, although I might ask the manager for a slight discount given the drawbacks.
3 place is kinda old and rooms need a makeover but the shuttle was very nice and drove me to lifetime fitness which was about 8 miles away
4 We have stayed 5-6 times for visits to the Mayo Hospital/Clinic. I think this Inn is wonderful it is close to both places. The price we were given for our stay since we were Mayo patients was excellent. We felt very safe in this area and our car was safe and secure. The staff was very friendly,  cleaning staff great. I really cant fine anything to complain about as a matter of fact we will be staying again in a few weeks.
3 My Mom and I stayed there 9.10-13.2012. We didn't make a reservation, just showed up about 8.30pm. The mgr. at the desk was very helpful and nice. 2 queen beds and a very clean room. The beds were very comfortable. It was pretty quiet never heard anything outside the room. It does have a free shuttle to downtown, but since we drove in and most of buisness was in Phoenix we never used it. Breakfast area clean and well stocked.It had a make your own belgian waffle maker. yum. Other breakfast items were an egg dish and a side. Cold & hot cereals were available as were pastries, yoghurts, fresh fruit salad, bagels & breads for toasting. The coffee was good and there were 3 types available. There were also packets for hot chocolate and tea bags. The breakfast room staff was very friendly and I am kicking myself for not remembering her name. She greeted everyone who entered and made sure the area was always stocked. I am not an early riser, breakfast is 6a-10a, but I ate breakfast everyday and not just becuse it was included in the room price. It was really good.  Definitely, worth a return visit.
3 little older of a hampden hotel. Overall ok...Not great not bad.
4 Stayed there for a few days and service was all right. There were no problems. The custodial staff was very great when we had a toilet situation. Overall, I was satisfied.
2 Eh, ok so this hotel is one of the few in Scottsdale which accept pets so I thought I'd give this hotel a try.  Great location.  Very central.  Assuming it would be a rather easy stay as I am traveling on business and will be out of the room from 8-5 (I own the company, so I bring my dog into my office during the day as well).    I have to say...it may be because I have a "dog room" but the room is no bueno.  There are scuffs all over & just plain dirty walls.  The "touch up paint" clearly didn't match and makes it look even more cheap.  The Carpet is a dark green color yet you can clearly see stains all over it.  II mean every 6 inches.  I'm grossed out walking on bare feet....haven't taken my flip-flops off other then in bed.  The office chair upholstery is pretty nasty as well.  Having a refrigerator in AZ is a must...IF it actually worked.  My very weak fridge forced me to hit a gas station, buy a cheap cooler and a bag of ice just to keep my water cold.  Slightly below room temp is all your getting out of their current appliance.    Wood furnishings are nice, linens as well.  But the cleanliness is seriously, seriously lacking.
