5 I have known Chuck for more than 20 years.  He does my personal and business accounting and taxes.  Here is someone who is honest and straightforward!  Always very professional and his staff is wonderful as well!  Highly recommend...
5 Chuck and Brandy at this firm handle my businesses monthly bookkeeping and annual taxes for both myself and my office.  I am very pleased with their service as they are able to translate the very complicated language of accounting into something I can understand and their advice is always geared towards first making sure I understand what is happening, then making sure we make a good business decision together.  I am very happy to recommend their options to my friends, family and the good people of yelp.  Call Clarke Ltd if you are looking for an honest, professional, dependable and thorough accountant.  They are the best!
5 I've been using Chuck and his firm for a few years to do my personal and business taxes.  Chuck always takes the time to sit down and go over everything, always comes up with deductions I never thought of, and in general is a pleasure to work with.  Most importantly, he saves me money!
5 Chuck and his team has been my tax accountant for about the last 4 years.  I have worked with several other accountants and the CW Clarke team has CONSISTENTLY out performed my wildest expectations.    Each year he has worked with us early to discuss and to develop a tax strategy and to help us understand the realities of the ever changing landscape of the US tax system.  He approaches his clients needs aggressively but ethically.  Chuck does great work and a very fair price.
5 CW Clarke, CPA, a certified accounting firm located in Scottsdale AZ, is in a league of its own. Chuck Clarke and his staff have prepared my taxes since the late 1980s and I'd be lost without the professional assistance and guidance I've received. Prior to finding Chuck's firm I had used another accounting firm that didn't wield the experience or knowledge of tax laws which resulted in inaccurately prepared returns. The CPA's lack of knowledge was to my distinct detriment when I was notified of an audit three years later. I turned to Chuck who represented me before the IRS and Dept. of Revenue and the matter was handled in a timely and professional manner. There is no question, a CPA does not cost but rather saves and with Chuck, you certainly get your money's worth.
