5 Had many dentists in many communities but Dr. Clayton is ny far the best.  Genuinely cares about his patients.  Soft touch.  Office runs like a Swiss Clock.  Never wait for Dr. or hygenist.  Dr. calls patients at home at night after procedures to see how they are doing.  EXCELLENT!
5 It's almost 7pm and my phone is ringing. It's a number I don't recognize. I reluctantly pick it up to hear "Hi Rani, this is Dr. Clayton calling to see how your teeth are feeling?"  What?! Who is this man? Part dentist, part super hero. This is the first time I have ever, and I mean EVER, been checked up on by a dentist during after hours on his own time.  And I've been to many dentists over the years. What can I say I'm quite obsessed with my teeth. I want to say that I had some grand procedure done and there was a chance I might be hurting but no. I just had a simple filling done, that's it. This truly shows Dr. Clayton genuinely cares about his patients.   And even when I was paranoid about a little sensitivity, he invited me back for a check up at no charge. So back to my question, is this a dentist or super hero? My vote is super hero.
5 I was seeking a new Dentist because my current one stopped offering nitrus.  I haven't had any dentist/hygenist work on my mouth without nitrus for over 30 years!  When I arrived at Pinnacle Peak Dentistry, I was warmly welcomed and thanked for selecting their practice.  I was introduced to my hygenist, Jackie and I immediately felt comfortable.  She said she could use nitrus but explained that, for years, she used a topical ointment that would eliminate any discomfort and assured me she was thorough but gentle.  I am not saying I wasn't nervous but I felt absolutely no pain or discomfort.  When Dr. Clayton came in, he have my mouth a thorough examination and explained areas where I should be more diligent - again, he was warm and welcoming.  I can't say enough about Dr. Clayton and his team.  While I never look forward to visiting the Dentist, I won't be as hesitant when I return for my next visit in April.
5 My 12 year old daughter is terrified of the dentist. She would cry on the way to the dentist. I have a friend who recommended Dr Clayton, so we drove  the 25 miles to give him a try. He is wonderful. He is honest and caring. We have been going to him for four years and not once have felt any pain from the shot. He really does, personally, call and check on you later in the day. We would never go anywhere else.
5 I found Dr. Clayton's office through Yelp! and made an appointment today as a new patient for a toothache I was having. I am a terrible dentistry patient. I go only when I'm in pain. The staff at Dr. Clayton's office did not make me feel guilty about this or try to shame me into additional services. Dr. Clayton came in immediately, evaluated me, and gave me several treatment options. After agreeing on our course of action, he went right to work and gave me a virtually pain free experience. I'm not even off the anesthetic yet, but I had to write this to applaud my new dentist, Dr. Clayton, Jessica, and the rest of the staff at Pinnacle Peak Dentistry. Thanks all!
