3 As a diehard "Gym Rat" (you can tell from my extremely large head) and martial artist I have had the oppurtunity work and train in just about every type a facillity available. Max Fitness soon to be Powerhouse Gym takes me back to the days of Pumping Iron with Gov. Swarzeneger. It is very old school and very hardcore. The equipment is not the latest and greatest however, it is some of the best and they have a lot of it. What I found really cool is they have an area set up specifically for boxing. They have everything you need including a regulation ring and timer. Another interesting feature is the strongman area. I actually got to see World Strongman Kevin Knee Flippin 500lb tires with some of the biggest silverback guerillas in AZ. Fascinating to see in there natural habitat.  Powerhouse is not a gym for everyone. The facillity is old and not very clean. The members are typically competetive bodybuilders, strongmen, and female fitness competitors. Don't get me wrong everyone was very friendly from the staff to the members. If you're looking for Disneyland go to Lifetime. If you want to kick your ass and sweat with the best this is the place for you.  One more point, the membership rep that helped me was a little on the pushy side. I don't like hard sales so this turned me off a bit.
4 I'm new to yelp and this is my first review. I've been a member at this gym for about a year and a half now. The equipment has greatly improved since I started here. The trainers are great and the free classes I get are awesome too. I recommend Mike or Fred for training. Music is great and not too loud and the people are really friendly. Everyone is so outgoing. If im having a hard time with my workout members and trainers alike will help me out with no hesitation. I highly recommend this gym to anyone trying to build muscle or just get in shape.
5 I've been working out at this gym for about two and a half years now and I was introduced to it by my trainer Fred, who is an exceptional trainer and comes highly recommended. They have a deal with a free week trial right now with one free trainer session. Take advantage of this opportunity! Despite the recent turmoil in regard to the ownership the dust has now settled and things are running smoothly once again. The first thing one notices when pulling up to the gym is the plentiful and spacious parking. The facilities are new and up to date. The front desk staff is courteous and alert. The refrigerator is always well stocked. The equipment is for the most part in great condition if not brand new. The equipment is cleaned daily by the staff and the bathrooms/lockers are well maintained. An upgrade in the tv department would be a welcome change. Overall the gym is good and well worth a membership!
5 Love this Gym! i was working out at another Gym in Scottsdale, paying $100 a month, and it was more of a "show off" spot that it was a gym. Was referred to Maximum by a friend, its very inexpensive, great personal trainers & its never too busy!   I'd say its an Old School, rugged & raw Gym..you go there to WORK OUT!
4 I will admit that I hop around a lot, making good use of all the guest passes I get from friends, or the astronomical amount of road races I sign up for ($$$$$$), but I have to mention that this gym actually is a little different from many places I have been to. It's named appropriately.  This isn't a place for kids, day camps, people who want to show off their latest gym outfit. It's a place to get maximum results.  There is more weight equipment here than any other gym I've been to. They even have the _____ (forgive me I don't know the proper name) "thing" that's similar to what football players push. You can add weight to it and push or pull it around the gym. Yowza, this one chick was buff!!! Oh ok, I cheated and read thru reviews, I think it is a prowler sled.    They also have a boxing studio, which was pretty neat. Tons of punching bags, plenty for everyone. I did take a boxing class, and holy cow, what a workout. I like that though, because if it's easy, then I can't expect to get stronger! I couldn't even finish the ab exercises but I know I need to work on that. I also liked that we ran around the building outside. Yes, it's hot, but no one ever got a six pack by staying dry!  Another neat thing is that they don't employ personal trainers, but they encourage personal trainers to come and train their own clients.  Amy was helping me punch correctly, and she was awesome, very inspiring. There is a poster of her on the wall in the boxing room because she can fight! I believe it!  JD led the class and he kept it very challenging!  The locker rooms were nice too. Not "fancy", but spacious and clean.  Definitely not a "Health Club", but absolutely a place to reach Maximum Fitness!  I just googled the address and found it no problem. It's between Pima/Princess and Bell rd off the 101 E.
5 This gym is no joke.  At the end of my boxing workouts, dripping in sweat, I just want to yell, "Yo Adrian, we did it...WE did it!"  I am not really a weight room kind of gal, but I do know buff studly males when I see them and maximum fitness is full of them....but girls don't go here to pick up the men because you can tell this is some serious gym time and not social hour.  If you just want to bounce on an elliptical and 'workout' this is probably not the place for you.  On the other hand if you are looking for a serious workout, I HIGHLY recommend Maximum fitness!
5 Without a doubt, a well equipped facility with all that you need the stay in shape from cardio to free weights to machines, classes...plus training if you need it or are interested.  I have tried many gyms in the Scottsdale area including 24 hour, Lifetime Fitness, The Village, LifeFitness, Pulse Fitness but I have decided to return to Maximum for many reasons including the warmth and friendliness of  the staff, the ease and the hassle free method of join without any pressure...and unheard of of any other gym in the valley or at least the ones I have been to and tried is that there is no enrollment fee. Hard to beat $ 29.95 a month...Love it...Way to go Maximum...Glad to be back!
5 Maximum Fitness is a hidden gem.  I've been working out there for the last 3 months or so.  This is not your big chain luxury gym.  Maximum is a non meat market gym.  The equipment is not the latest and greatest but it does what it's supposed to do.   Everyone I've met that works there and it's members are friendly.  I've been working with a group 3 x a week  with trainer Karen Mullarkey.  Karen is amazing, great trainer and works with all fitness levels.  I've had back and neck pain so she takes peoples injuries into consideration and personalizes your workouts.  Check out her website.  http://www.karenmullarkey.com/  This has made working out more fun with the group. It's a kind of family feeling with everyone encouraging you.
5 Rick is the Man!! I will never buy another gym membership again!! I started working out here with my trainer Patrick (AMAZING) but everyone has been very helpful and care about not only your fitness goals but personal goals as well. They quickly learn your name and treat you like family!! I also love how everyone who works out there is focused on one thing... WORKING OUT... No guys flexing and taking pics in this gym! I HIGHLY recommend working out with Patrick and becoming a member at Maximum Fitness if you want the best gym for your money!
5 Great Gym.  Nice selection of equipment.  I can do cardio, lift, or utilize their boxing area.  And most importantly it's clean.  Friendly staff and good location.  People take working out serious there which is refreshing.  Look forward to going back.
4 Good gym overall. Filled with a few meatheads and people posing for competitions but they don't bother anyone and provide some entertainment. I appreciate that the trainers are independent and you aren't haggled to sign up for a session with them- they are just there if you need them!
