4 The shop is very fair, is helpful with identifying repairs that are necessary and pointing out things that would be good to do but can be delayed.  They will also try to fix things with old fashioned ingenuity vs. putting in new parts for every single little thing.  When a battery is shot it is shot, but we had a rear window latch that was not working.  They originally thought it would need to be replaced, but when they opened it up they realized they could just tighten a few bolts, grease up the latch, and it worked like new again.  We went from an estimated $100 to $5 for some grease.  There are other things I would like to see them improve but I would have to say for auto shops they seem to be pretty darn fair.
1 My car wouldn't start, I had it towed to Sun Devil Auto and they advised me that I would need a new battery cable, this cost $95.00, then I was told that I would be charged $286.00. When I went to pick up my vehicle I was told it would be $310.00. The cable should have cost $ 85.00 and instead I was charged $125.00. My battery needed to be replaced and they attempted to sell me a new one after I informed them that my battery was under warranty and that to get it replaced would be free! Sun Devil Auto charges too much! Most auto repair shops will include the diagnostic charge into the cost of the repair! I will never go to Sun Devil Auto again, and I will tell everyone that  they are too costly, and try to sell you things you don't need! I would rate them a 0 stars out of 5!
1 I went to SunDevil Auto a few weeks ago to get an oil change. It turns out my car needed $2,000+ in repairs. I took the car to two other mechanics and it turns out my car is fine. I do not recommend anyone going to this place!!! They even had the nerve to point out where the repairs were needed by putting my car on the lift. I took a picture of where they said was a leak and part needing replacing. The photo I took proved useful in catching this shop in a huge lie.
1 Worst experience ever here! Had my car towed in as it gave out while driving somewhat a few blocks form there place. Eventually I found out it's just a fuel filter issue from Granite Reef Service Center.  Sun Devil Auto wanted to charge me over $700 by charging me 3 times over the price of the parts and labor ((WHAT??!! I told Peire they're Salesman F no!)) I had to involve the Police to mediate the situation and eventually had my car towed to Granite Reef Auto $200 and I was out the door... I'll never go back and deal with this shady place.
5 My first experience with this Sun Devil shop, and more specifically the manager Barry (who still works there), was back in 2007. Upon inspecting my brakes for noises, the mechanic made a slight adjustment to eliminate the noise and sent me on my way without charging.  Months later, when extremely old car needed a lot of basic service that a 100,000+ vehicle would need, I took a chance and had everything done at Sun Devil. This included:  New pads and rotors - shop selected the premium grade, which have not given me an issue to till this day 30,000 miles later. The extra few bucks spent was definitely worth it.  New engine mounts to replace broken ones. Shop suggested to use dealer part instead of an after-market for better fit and quality.  Re-manufactured alternator to replace faulty original equipment. Shop suggested to use an after-market instead of dealer part to save money.  Full window tinting.  After 5+ years, and 30,000 miles, none of these items have had any issue whatsoever. It seems Barry knew exactly what parts to buy from dealer vs. after-market for the best value.  Also, all the work was performed in a reasonable amount of time. Sometimes it is hard to grade an auto-repair place immediately driving away, because poor-workmanship problems may not occur until months later. This is a 5-star review 5 years later. This is one of my best auto repair shop experiences ever (compared to say Pep Boys or Midas).
1 If these guys are providing a service, it's to themselves to make a profit and not to it's customers to provide an honest service.  I am by no means an experienced professional mechanic, but I do have plenty of experience repairing my own vehicles and I know the difference between a necessary and unnecessary repair.  I took my car into their shop just to have my front disk break pads replaced, which by their advertised special would have been under $100. They called me to say that the master cylinder was leaking and unsafe so needed to be repaired, an extra $450, and they refused to do the job without repairing that as well. I called their bull#### and did the pads myself. 60k miles later I'm still driving and haven't added a drop of break fluid to the reservoir. I've bad plenty of used cars and know things like that just don't need to be done. Don't get ripped off! Stay away from these cons!
4 I have had a bunch of oil changes done here and a few major services.   I priced the big jobs and they were competitive.  I haven't had any new surprises after work was done so far.   My car is old and needs a lot of work, so they give me the long list every time, but I never feel pressured.
1 This location doesn't even deserve one star! Worst service ever! We had our AC checked, they took the fuse out and continued to overfill it with too much freon. Then told sure problem was electrical ie. the fuse and it needed to be charged with freon. Waste of money and time.
4 Stopped in here to have my brakes changed.  I was very happy with the service from the initial phone call to check the price of the service to picking up my car at the end.  I called in and said I think I need to get my brake pads changed, they told me, we'll do a full inspection and let you know if you really need them changed.  Cool.  This worked out, I did need them changed.    They changed my brake pads and explained to me how my rotors were wearing.  Showed me how they measure the thickness of the rotors and how they rotors get smoothed out.  I was impressed with the extremely careful attention to the detail of a curious person interested in the services rendered.  I would, 100%, go back here for an additional service.  If I get the same level of service on a return visit, I'm bumping this shop up to 5 stars.
1 After to talking to BARRY on the phone about my brakes he said they were open at 7am and to bring my car in, did business with them once before, the next day when I got there he told me in a very rude and unwarming voice that he would not have any mechanics there until 8:30am.  I asked to him why didn't you tell me that on the phone, his reply was well that's the way it is, I told him he wasted a lot of time for me as I work, he looked at me with another careless look and  said well I don't have anyone here to work on your car, we don't have mechanics til 8:30am.   I will never go to Sun devil for anything, I felt alone and no customer service or empathy. Someone needs to tell BARRY if you don't like your job get a new one, and if you can't give it 100% then find a job you can. He just wanted to get me in there for business with no regards to me, it was obvious when I got there, but he should have the courtesy to take the little bit of customer service for me to stay. There is nothing worse. I was nothing to him. Of course I left but before I did, I mentioned to BARRY I will write a review on my experience, and believe me I have only written one review in my life before this, my time is worth more but this needed to be said. Thx BARRY, but no thx I have told anyone who listens not to go to Sun Devil ever again.
5 I have an older car, parts are always aftermarket for sure. Sun Devil always clearly explains work needed and the costs associated with all the work. Clear terms no double talk or mumbo jumbo. I can ask what work is needed vs suggested and also get a clear precise answer. If i take my car in in the morning, i get a ride to work and my car is always done on time! I trust this place to treat me honestly and fairly.
4 I did not receive a service from Sun Devil Auto but the customer service could not be better. I pulled into the parking lot of Sun Devil Auto because my car motor was overheated and I was unable to drive it home. Unfortunately, Sun Devil Auto was closing up so they could not do any repair that evening but they did take a look at my car. They also let me leave my car in their lot for three days which was so helpful. Great employees!
5 Great customer service and saved us a lot of money. They checked our a/c for free. Fortunately we didnt need any freon but they were so nice to do it for free. Definitely would go back if I needed something done for my car
5 Great service, quality work, exceptionally honest, and reasonable prices...what more can anyone ask of a repair shop? We've used them twice and have referred other people to them, too. Everyone has reported a good experience.
