4 i love taxes! i love driving on paved roads, police officers, sturdy bridges, firefighters, teachers. i just hate knowing that most of my taxes are going to places i'd probably rather not know about.   due to living and working in more than 3 states this year, with a few properties involved, i opted to have some help with my taxes this year. it was painless and basically all i had to do was say "yup" or "nope" most of the time. my preparer was very professional and pleasant and had me out of there in about 45 minutes! my only gripe was the appt time....i had to wait 30 minutes after my scheduled appt because the lady she was helping wouldn't shut her yapper....ev en more pleased to have a super polite and professional tax preparer!
4 I've been getting my taxes done by Lisa at this branch for two years (about to be three) and I've been nothing but pleased with the experience. It's a seamless process. I call and make an appointment, see Lisa and she goes through my taxes item by item. I've received a decent refund each year and Lisa is super friendly throughout the whole experience. They are pretty competitive pricing wise and I'd say pretty cheap. Taxes are about as exciting as watching paint dry but at least I know that by going to this branch I am going to be in and out before I can feel too much misery! So friends, hopefully this review will help you as tax season approaches.
5 Never did I expect to leave a review for a place that did my taxes but I felt compelled to.   This was my first time to this office and my taxes were a little complicated this year. Martelle was my advisor and put me right at ease.  She was very professional and helpful. I will be back!
4 My tax accountant retired and I had to find a replacement fast. I called H&R block and had an appointment with Jill. Jill was very patient with me and my receipts. She was very professional and courteous. She checked and doubled check my return and answered all my questions. I would highly recommend Jill. I gave 4 stars because it is pricey. My return ended costing me $272.00! Ouch!
1 Ladies & Gentlemen. My complaint centers around what appears to be deceptive and unconscionable pricing tactics of the franchise listed below. H & R Block located at 2765 N SCOTTSDALE RD. SCOTTSDALE, AZ  85257.   In the last two years I have been working my way into building a business as a self -employed musician.  At last year's tax season, I lived in Scottsdale and visited this convenient location with little understanding of what was appropriate for a self -employed musician and what were appropriate deductions.  Last year I arrived unorganized with a box of receipts along with less than 5 W2's and 1099's.  After a little over an hour all was completed and filed.  At the end I was presented with a bill of nearly $350.00.  I was immediately shocked at the amount as my income was in total only around $20,000 for that year.  I painfully paid and was grateful to be done with it. This year, I was bombarded with emails and marketing from H & R Block to return. I called ahead with my concerns about pricing and referred to the previous year's cost.  I was told that savings could be gleaned from being prepared before arriving at the office appointment.  This year as an AZ officially recognized Sole Proprietor LLC, I was prepared with all the numbers based upon last year's forms. I have no rental income, depreciation, investments, employees, cost of goods, inventory, or any other issue that would warrant any increase in pricing.  I am a solo artist/musician.  Based upon the time signatures of a text message sent at the end of my appointment I spent less than 30 minutes of actual time on my taxes in the appointment as I had provided them with totals in a clear spreadsheet.  It was simple data entry from the totals and my records from the previous year were already on file.  My income has only increased slightly yet I was presented with a bill of $410.00.  At no time before or during the appointment was there any mention of any pricing increase in fact the bill should have been lower based on my level of preparedness as suggested by the office in my pre-visit call. However, I was shocked to see the amount of the bill.  I did pay it because tax preparation is stressful enough. This lingered with me and next day I contacted the location and spoke with Bill the branch manager.  When questioned about how the charges could be explained or justified, I was given nothing more than what can be described as "doublespeak".  This led me to believe that the pricing was nothing more than arbitrary having no basis in industry pricing standards.  I went to H & R Block because in such areas, I would prefer to defer to the professionals.  I had no reason to mistrust in H & R Block as a company up to this point.  This is no longer the case.  I pressed for a refund as I felt the cost was out of the realm of reason after having spoken to successful business owners I often work with and other self employed individuals and I conducted research on the topic. At the end of the conversation Bill stated he would have to submit the "paperwork" to the franchise owner and it would take "3 weeks" for a response.  He did not address the issue clearly and was unable to explain why they had over charged me.   I feel as there has been a "bait and switch" and I am extremely dissatisfied at what appears to be fraud in pricing and the tepid, if not dismissive nature of the response.  While the apparent over charge is the primary issue, it concerns me deeply that a supposedly respectable firm with substantial brand recognition who is responsible for aiding us in navigating the minefields of the US tax laws uses that vulnerability to gouge and profiteer in such a deceptive way.  I ask that you make this right.   I ask that you do it quickly.   I will be contacting the Better Business Bureau to let them know of this situation.    Sincerely yours,  a very unhappy FORMER client
