5 We returned our rental to this location and made sure to get it there ahead of time because of the one hour time difference from where we started driving from. The 24 hour period would have actually gone over because this location didn't open until 9 and we were technically supposed to have it back around 8:45 a.m. Thankfully we had no issues and Matt answered any questions we had and made sure we had someone coming to pick us up.   5/5 stars for Hertz!
1 I have been using Hertz for years and even a Gold Plus Rewards member.  Rented two cars from them in last two months.  Last week I called five times and spent more than 2 hours on phone.  I called both 800 number and local office.  The difference with this rental was that I need it locally and not at an airport and the type of car I wanted to rent.  I was not asking for much, just a Camaro or Mustang convertible with hand brake for a wheelchair user.  Four days later, I gave up and went elsewhere.  Called Enterprise, got thru immediately, car was ordered and conformation was sent out within one half hour.  I will never use Hertz again.
1 Go to Avis instead of here!!Worst customer service. Both reps were sitting in the chairs in the guest lobby on their cell phones. One of them got up to help me. I was unable to use my card because it has a 300$ credit limit which is fine it's their policy but as soon as the rep realized they couldn't book me he started ignoring me and had no other suggestions for me to get a car. I was going to have a friend come down and help me by using their info and adding me as a driver. As I waited for her the two reps were horsing around. An elderly woman started walking up and one of the reps started making fun of her saying he didn't want to help her and the other rep should have to since he had to help me. They were not very nice to this lady either because she had a similar credit card issue. I got up to leave and they did not say "thankyou" "goodbye" nothing.   I ended up booking through Avis where the rep was nice and they only hold the amount of the rental not an additional 350$ hold on your card. I saved about 85$
