5 The reason why I frequent The Water Mart is rarely for water. I have filled up water cooler jugs here a couple times and the water is as good as any reverse osmosis water is going to be. And if I remember correctly, it costs like a buck to fill up a 5 gallon jug. And they provide carts to help transport your filled jugs out to your car, the friendly staff will even do the heavy lifting if your not able to physically, so thats dope. But let me get to the real reason why Water Mart kicks ass. Remember, when you were a child going to Thrifty's and getting a scoop are two of rocky road ice cream or whatever was your favorite flavor? Well if you don't then I'm sorry but I do. I also remember when Thrifty's became no more and with it my scoops of Thrifty's brand rocky road ice cream. In the following years, every now and then, friends and I would reminisce and yearn for Thrifty's ice cream after pulling some bongs and the horrible side effect of the drug, "the munchies", would have us in its grasp. Well Thrifty's ice cream is back and available at this here Water Mart. So three cheers for Water Mart and Thrifty's rocky road ice cream.  Oh side note, they also have very good fruit smoothies available, made with fresh ingredients and come in several different fruit combo flavors. My favorite is, I can never remember its name, but it has apple juice, banannas, strawberrys in it and is quite yummy and freezer headache inducing. So go to Water Mart and leave without water, all the cool kids are doing it.
3 Not a big fan of the water but I'm sucker for the thrifty Ice cream when I;m not on a diet.
5 Stumbled upon the Water Mart while at Fry's next door. Have yet to get water at a "Water Store".  I started to come in for a shot of wheat grass.  The owner George is one of the kindest and sincerely helpful person around, so I was coming in for a daily shot just to say hi and hi to his regular customers that stop by while in AZ for a week every couple months to visit my Mum.  George grows his own and its said his wheat grass is the best around. George shares info on what's good for you.  I got into using Magnesium gel on my feet and Hemp Seeds on top of my cereal or porridge.
