3 Decent little white tablecloth meal, and though I didn't have any real complaints about the food, it is obvious that the service was lacking.  I'm talking about the basics - water or softdrink being empty for 5 mins or so, long delay after meal before dessert, and identical entrees at the same table having items or lacking items that are on the other person's plate.  Why?  Did you run out of rolls and just give the last roll to the one person at the same table, and figure the other guy is SOL?  Why?
3 I have gone here a few times...once for lunch and twice for dinner.  My first experience was nice.  Not a bad deal for dinner, but their service is lacking.  The second time I went for dinner with my family, they ran out of everything but the fish.  And I had driven all the way from the city of Surprise.  My husband and I tried it again for lunch and it was great!  The service was better but could still use some improvement!
4 I have gone back several times for lunch with friends and it's still a great deal.  Where else can you get and amuse, appetizer, entree, dessert and a drink(coffee or iced tea) for anywhere from $13 to $25 bucks flat?  They have also expanded on their drink menu to include more than just wine.
5 restaurant was a great place too eat and relax had a great time well done too the students keep it up!
5 We were intrigued to discover what it was to dine at a cooking school.  By good fortune, the ACI was open for dinner while we were on vacation in Scottsdale, so we booked a meal.  What a treat!  We dined in a pleasant, quiet dining room, with three attending waitpersons to serve us.  The menu was creative, sophisticated and superbly prepared.  It was definitely a 5 star experience. The attention to detail was impressive, with molecular gastronomy tricks included as well as chocolate art on the desserts.  The price was absurdly reasonable.  The students were supervised at times and, if the service was a bit shaky, it was earnestly given.  These students have received an excellent education and it showed.  When we heard where they were interning, it was apparent well regarded  restauranteurs felt the same.
5 The Arizona Culinary Institute is a great establishment. My first dinner at the restaurant provided me with excellent service, impeccable food, and extraordinary service service for a very memorable dining experience. I was able to try some delicacies and food I have never tasted before! The instructors and students are professional. The dining room and kitchen organized clean. Great environment for any type of dining experience you are looking for with good company.
5 This is a school that has an excellent restaurant for you to try.  Call them up and schedule your reservation, it was booked 3 weeks out when I called.  Checking in here, did give me $5 off my tab which was already nothing compared to what is provided.  Amuse Bouse is provided and I must say a one bite treat.  Bread is also included with several different varieties to choose from.  Since the menu is always changing I have enjoyed several meals here.  On this particular lunch outing I enjoyed a great appetizer: pork cheek and short rib ravioli.  For my main course I had the new york with potato.  Also included is desert which you have several to choose from as well.  I had the passion cake and it was great.    Also beer, mixed drinks, teas, and wine are the drink choices.  I enjoyed a Tequila Sunrise for $3.  Never had one before so I thought I would give it a go.  Another unique feature is that since it is a school, the menu is forever changing.  So I have been disappointed on one visit out of many, but since the bill is so low and it is a school; I forgive them. :)  Because when they do get it right, it is a great meal for nothing.  Give them a shot when you feel adventurous and craving a great meal.
5 What a fun, unique experience!!! Loved every minute! The food was amazing and the presentation was creative. I hear the menu changes daily so I'm looking forward to returning again to try different things! Reservations are strongly recommended.
5 This is the secret lunch happy hour lol. Food was wonderfull excellent service and the cheapest drinkest! We usually go to Cordon Bleu but the have closed down there public kitchens. I am so happy I was forced to discover this gem!
4 If you have the time, you can have a truly gourmet meal at a deep discount.   You must realize first that you are working with students. Everyone from service staff, to the cooks are learning. They provide excellent, friendly service. It may be a bit slow - but again - they are learning!  They proved knowledgeable about the menu, and are able to remark about which items are allergy friendly. Items can also be tailored to the customer. I have a gluten allergy, and while they gave me options, I chose two dishes that were already naturally gluten-free. I had the caesar salad and the red fish poele.   The salad was crisp and fresh, but didn't have as much cheese as I would have liked. Nor did it have the tang I am accustomed to with greek salads. It was tasty, however!  The red fish did not disappoint. It was perfectly cooked with a crispy skin, albeit questionably presented. The corn ragout and choron sauce complimented it perfectly!   The desserts had the most impressive presentation. I couldn't have most of them, but I had the pot de creme that accompanied a donut dish. And I must say -- the pot de creme was out of this world delicious!   They are educated about wine, as well. So bring your refined palate and ask about which wine pairs well with your choice of entreé! There is an excellent pairing ready for every palate.  Come out to Arizona Culinary Institute and give these students a chance. They are happy to work with you. Note that it is reservation only, so call ahead. Especially make sure to call ahead if you have food allergies! They are all very accommodating and you will definitely enjoy your experience.
