2 Molly Maids is pretty hit or miss for a cleaning service. We used them awhile back and they did a pretty good job aside from missing some little things, then we used them a few months ago and they missed some big things such as DUSTING. Considering they send two housekeepers out to the house, I was pretty disappointed.  And they charged us for 2.5 hours for cleaning a small townhome. Seems a little long to me for such a small place.
3 3.5 stars.  Why? I'll explain. +Very easy to call and make an appointment. + My appointment was the same week I called. + They're very communicative and responsive to your calls. + Very easy to set everything up and know what to expect. (They knew it was a move-out cleaning.) + They cleaned out the fridge. + A couple days after the clean, they called me to follow-up, make sure I was happy with the results.   As for the downside? I'll explain. - They cleaned but didn't move anything out of the way to do so, not even a a few non-heavy boxes I had out.  - They didn't wipe down any walls. - They missed a few corners (yet they organized under my sink!) - They didn't leave an invoice!!! Uhm, how am I suppose to know how much I was charged? (Oh wait, I had to ask.)  They charge by the hour, with an hour minimum. That's $70 for the 1st hour. Then they charge in 15 minute increments. Somehow, my bare condo took 2 hours to clean; so, the bill come to $140. Was it worth it? Yes, because I was short on time. But, if I had more time, I could have (and would have) done the cleaning myself. I didn't see anything extraordinary that would make me go, "Oh wow, Molly Maids is the best." I guess you get what you pay for - a cleaning service - without the hassle of having to do it yourself.
5 The cleaning ladies are very nice and professional. I feel at ease having them in my home. They also are very dependable and punctual!
5 My husband and I decided to "splurge" and have a full house cleaning.  We were originally quoted 2 1/2 hours for our 1800 sq foot home, but as it turned out, it took 4 hours total.  Someone from Molly Maid actually called me to ensure that I was OK with the extra time it was going to take than what they originally estimated.  I was.  Angie and Stephanie did an AWESOME job.  My husband and I are still remarking hours later at how everything SHINES and smells so good.  I couldn't believe that Stephanie actually took the knobs off the stove to be able to get in there and really get it clean.  Angie was on her hands and knees dusting our end tables.....amazing how hard these two ladies worked for four hours.  We are very, very happy with the results.  My parents, also in Fountain Hills, have been using Molly Maid on a monthly basis to clean their home for the last couple of years, and they have been very satisified with their cleaning, as well.  Highly recommend this company!
5 Great, reliable service at a good price. What else could you ask for! Ive been using their cleaning service for over a year now and am never disappointed. If there is ever an issue, it gets resolved right away.
5 Molly Maid does regular house cleaning at my house in Ahwatukee. They perform quality work at reasonable cost. They are trust worthy, flexible to my schedule, and are open to requests to work in areas which need special attention. I highly recommend them for housecleaning services.
5 Reliable service, fast, professional - awesome!
5 LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this company. I have used their monthly cleaning service for nearly a couple years now and they do a great job every time. The cleaning crew is detailed, they do a fantastic job of taking care of special requests, and I feel safe having them in my home. The owner, Mark, is outstanding. He does a great job of taking care of his customers. This is by far one of my favorite bills to pay each month because I love what I get for my money.
5 I used Molly Maid for the first time this week.  I had been very disappointed with a previous company so I was concerned regarding what kind of service they would provide.  However, the team from Molly Maid went above and beyond my expectations.  They cleaned my house the way I would have cleaned it with great attention to detail and nice extra touches that previous companies never bothered with.  It is rare to find someone who really cares about their work.  However, Molly Maids team does!  I am thrilled to have found them.-Tanya W.
5 Great job! Had two very nice ladies come and clean our crib for a couple hours. They sure got in the nitty gritty of things. Most impressed by how clean they got the bathroom. Even behind the toilet was super clean! They got the top to bottom everywhere we directed them. Great job!
1 My head is steaming with anger fumes because I just paid $148 to Molly Maid to clean my tiny 1,000 sq ft house.  Ok I know, "just clean it yourself" you're right, I typically like to do my own cleaning. Sweeping, mopping ,vaccum, laundry, dusting, etc. and I have had my house professionally cleaned twice, i'm young so I can do it myself, plus it is most of the time relaxing but listen, my mother in law is coming into town tomorrow, i'm pregnant, and I need a thorough cleaning without my 2 year old trying to help, or not trying to help!  I called Molly Maid for a quote. On the phone the lady told me for the first initial cleaning it was to be $74-$148 for 1-2 hours. I thought, that's expensive so let me consult with my husband and I'll call you back. Very nicely she offered to call me with in a week to schedule an appointment. When they called me back the next week, my house had only dirtied more and the countdown until my Mother-in-law is drawing closer. The lady I spoke to then offered for someone to come out and do an estimate on my house because "oh, yeah, it will be SO MUCH MORE less expensive if they come out to estimate your house"  Kurt came over. Nice dude. Showed me his card, I showed him around he asked if I had any special requests in any of the rooms otherwise they would do their standard cleaning. I requested to have them clean underneath the couch because the dust is visible to the eye when you walk into the door and food that my two year old has thrown is also lingering. "No Problem" We proceeded into the bedroom and Kurt explained to me that as a courtesy if I put my clothes on the bed, the two ladies coming into the house would fold the clothes. Perfect, I thought.  Kurt then sat down and wrote down an estimate." $74-$148 for 1-2 hours"  I explained to him that the  lady said it would be less expensive, he looked confused. NO COMMUNICATION between front of house and back of house, obviously. Ok so thanks for caking up your service to me and wasting my time, I could've just made the appointment with the lady on the phone if you were going to tell me the price was the same as she had explained  The ladies came today. Arrived at 8:30. Both REALLY nice, they started in the bedroom, and seemed to be working pretty hard, one of the ladies mentioned how she can't stop sweating, so I thought, ok she's doing her cleaning thing! She even pulled out the couch! I was so excited I wasn't going to have to see dust. To keep my toddler from playing with all of the cleaning supplies we ran a couple errands. Came back to the house, the bedroom they started in looked great but the two loads of laundry I had on the bed weren't folded, bummer!  It was 10:30 and they hadn't swept or mopped the living room or kitchen.(The main part of the house)  The ladies apologized after I got a call from Kurt explaining they were going overtime, no problem except for the fact that I had arranged to have $148 for the ladies as the receptionist and Kurt had both confirmed the price would be. I told them I'd be paying cash so I got the correct cash. Once again no communication. Kurt said it was ok and that the next time they clean I could pay for overtime then. Mason (my two year old) and I went into the bedroom and started folding the laundry. 10 minutes later I have a knock on the bedroom door. "We're finished" The couch is moved back in and I see the same dust and food that had been sitting there before. "You cleaned behind the couch when you pulled it out right?" "yes!" Ok, visibly this is not true. I look at the floors as one of the ladies is arguing on the phone with the receptionist. There are sneaker tread marks in the kitchen and living room still. I paid $148 and the nice ladies left, but my floors are still gross, they were in to big of a rush to do as thorough of a job as they did my bedroom and shower. I end up, at 5 months pregnant pulling my couch back out, sweeping behind the couch, and swiffering everything they had just swept! my socks are off, I go into the laundry room to put the Swiffer away, they had not vacuumed or swept the laundry room and I tread dirt from my feet back into the living room. I am so tired, my son and I are both hungry, and i'm trying not to cry because I just paid $148 to a cleaning. The main rooms that we would entertain my mother in law in are not clean!  No Bueno, i'm tired now, that is my review!
1 Had two homes "cleaned" by Molly Maids- if you want to call it that.    First house was a "move in".   I had already cleaned the bathrooms of the small 1000 sq ft home.   For some reason,  it took them almost three hours.   There were two women and one was talking on the phone NON-STOP the entire time.   She was holding the phone between her shoulder and ear for over two hours!!!  She basically did nothing while the other woman cleaned... over the areas I told them I had already cleaned.    I was charged 169.00 for this!!   Then,   a couple of days later,  they "cleaned" a move out.   I am not sure why they call it a "move out".. when they do absolutely nothing special.   Inside of cupboards were not cleaned,   -   just a superficial cleaning for 149.00.    Moving is so stressful that I thought I would cut down on the amount of work I had to do,  but I will never hire this company again.   I - not being a professional cleaner-  could have and would have done a better job in a shorter amount of time.    Very overpriced,  inefficient and nothing special!
