5 I came here to get a battery replacement after work one day and Leo helped me out. My battery was still under warranty which was great since I had just got back from Christmas vacation! But what made this experience a great one was I received an education on corrosion. Leo not only explained to me what it can do to your engine if not properly handled but then he proceeded to spend a good amount of time cleaning my battery connectors to help alleviate the problem. This Auto Zone is on my way home and I will definitely use it in the future...
5 I came in looking for new wiper blades as we were expecting some monsoon rain. The associate looked up my car model and gave me an honest suggestion. Since he didn't have the cheapest blades in stock (which is what I wanted), he told me to try a local foreign auto parts store which will probably have them in stock and cheaper. I was really impressed that he shared this suggestion with me and actually was sending me elsewhere for the sale. Well, I tried the other store, and they were out all together. So back to AutoZone I went. I purchased the wiper blades there and they installed them at no charge without my even having to ask!  Great service!!
5 It seemed as if my battery was going to die soon so I went and had it checked out here. I believe the associate that helped me was Chris and basically he tested my battery but it wasn't reading. He said it had a bad cell and probably would die soon, he looked up my information and since the battery was still under warranty he replaced it with no cost to me. He was very helpful, informative and efficient which I appreciated.
4 Terrific.  We were in and out in under 20 minutes.  Had to have them hook up the car to see what a light was trying to indicate.  Our mechanic couldn't see us and since it was ABS related we headed in.  We were able to diagnose it as a cable issue and not actually a brake issue.  My hubby got the car up on a rack and lo and behold, the cable came lose.  Plugged it back in and we have not had an issue since.  This saved us a ton of money and time.
5 I had an excellent experience here. My taillights were tinted and I needed to remove it. I was greeted when I walked in and explained my situation to one of the associates. He came outside on a really hot day to check out the specific type of tint I had on my car and made recommendations. I ended up only needing to purchase a razor blade item to scrap everything off.   If you have any questions about your car, these guys are incredibly helpful and will make sure you find what you need to get the job done.
