4 I had always purchased my tires at Discount Tire before getting a new set of 4 here. They carry Cooper tires whereas other places usually don't. Pep Boys has some great deals on tires, especially if you get a coupon, or better yet, a cool rebate. I got a "pay for 3 get the fourth free' Deal which was really nice. They also have a full serve auto maintenance department, and everything you could need in the store for your auto or truck.
1 I've had a couple of bad experiences at this store over the last 6 months and will not be returning.  In particular, the last time I was there, I dropped off a battery to see if it could be re-charged.  It was late on a Saturday so they told me I'd have to leave it overnight and that they would call me the next day as it could take as long as a few hours.  After half of Sunday had gone by, I hadn't heard from them so I gave them a call... it turns out, nobody put the battery in the charger so they assured me in 2 hours I could come pick it up.    I didn't want to drive down tot he store unless the battery was done, so when I called, the very unfriendly person on the phone didn't know what the status was, and that they would call once they found out.  Another 2 hours went by and nothing... by this point, I was going to have to go on Monday to pick up my battery.  Anyway, when I finally was told the battery was done, it turned out the battery couldn't hold a charge anyway.  They were smart enough to not ask me if I wanted to buy a new one.
4 luckily, i've only had to take my truck in for service once and had no issues with service or quality. it is always expensive to have something auto related repaired....wish i would've paid more attention during shop class in high school, but oh well...i can't be good at EVERYTHING.  friendly staff. they called a few times to make sure i wanted them to proceed with repairs and had my truck done in a few hours.
4 Ever since the management changed about 2 years ago, the service has improved dramatically!  The customer service is outstanding and are honest in pricing out auto service for my vehicle.  They are not necessarily always the least expensive repair shop but I like their honesty and integrity.
4 I hate to admit it, but this chain really does the trick for me when I'm in a pickle and need a hand. They offer a quick turnaround time and discounts along the way. I recently needed my oil changed and tires replaced. They did both in about an hour and a half and they were even offering a special that if you buy tires you get a free oil change. I know, tires are way more expensive then an oil change but I'll take the $20 savings where I can get it! They also offer a rewards program where you get $5 back for every hundred you spend. It's not a lot but every little savings helps when it comes to your car!
5 We were on vacation here and had a tire blow out and I remembered that there was a recall on my tires. I took it to pep boys and they looked up the recall and the gave me all four tires for free. Jeff helped me and he was great! I was out of there in 1.5 hours.
5 Great service from the guys here at Pep Boys. Had a hole in my tire and they patched it up for FREE!!!   Service took about 40 minutes and they have a waiting room. They normally have WIFI but their router was down during my visit. :(  I was given a free rewards program where you get $5 off every $100. Added the mini membership card to my keychain!
4 Pep Boys off Scottsdale rd is the best one I've found throughout the Valley.  They always have lots of people working so your car gets in and out of the garage fast.   My best advice is to sign up for the Pep Boys rewards program to get great discounts in the mail for your next service.  I just had to get my starter replaced on my Acura and using my discounts I was able to get $100 off my service!!!!!  However, even if you don't have a rewards program or may have forgot your mailed discounts at home, they have a great coupon list on their website for everyone!  Whats even better is they can scan the coupon right off your smartphone!
5 I had a really good experience the other night at Pep Boys.  I stopped in to get new wipers for my car, since I noticed they had gone dull.  The gentlemen working there were just that.  One went out and checked my wipers, confirmed my suspicions, another chose new wipers for me, the other put them on and disposed of the old ones for me -  all in less than 10 minutes!  All I had to do was stand there and look pretty, lol.  AND they're open until 8pm on a weekday, unlike so many other things in Scottsdale that close early.  I can't vouch for major repairs, but I've never been waited on "hand and foot" at a Pep Boys store before!lol
4 I found a great mechanic so I now go to Pep Boys only for batteries, windsheild wipers, etc.  I get treated really well, Daniel, the manager is always so helpful and really explains things to me.  All of the staff is really easy to approach and help me find products that I need at good prices.
5 I was in a bind and out of town when the "boys" here really helped me out.  I called and spoke with Ted, who gave me a quote for the work I needed done.  He greeted me when I arrived and quickly got to work on starting my order.  I was happy to find that everyone here was very direct and up front, and I walked out paying the same as the quote and no one tried to up-sell me (or talk down to me).  Willy worked on my car quickly and efficiently, and Gene helped me look for parts.  I really appreciated how easy the whole trip was and that I was taken care of as soon as I pulled up.  I would definitely recommend this place for parts or service if you happen to live in the Scottsdale area.
5 Doug is the GM there, I had a BAD experience at the Tempe location. I ended up calling corporate since this is not the norm from this brand ( I am new to the area) I found this location to be MUCH better service. I found that Tempe wanted to charge me 240$ to fix a EVAP error and took 3 days of messing with me. THIS location fixed if for 8$gas cap..... HONEST help here.  Jerry and Tyler are service managers that helped me, and my GF that dont know about cars at all.   This location fixed the "leak" code with new gas cap and also fixed my blown out tire and did alignment for much cheaper and better than anyone else I have called.  This one is best in the vally
1 TERRIBLE!!! I will never go back. I brought my car in to have them replace a back-up light. After waiting for over an hour they told me they couldn't do that and I needed to go to the dealership.  Save your time, take your car to the dealership or some where that they actually know what they are doing!
5 When you are a chick (or a guy who doesn't know anything about cars) you always feel hesitant to take your car to the shop.  All the places i went to before i felt like they would always try and sale me something I didn't want or need . . . Here you know they are telling you the truth.  They will tell you what is really needed for repairs and what you could wait on.   They are honest and actually do want to help you.   I have taken my car in before and had them fix something small and not even charge me for it!  I assume the fix was so easy there was no fee, but how often does that happen?  My husband and I wont take our cars anywhere else.  I have been going here for about 6 years and haven't had a bad experience yet.    We live just down the road though so we always just drop off our cars instead of waiting.
1 I've had the worst experience with Pep Boys just within the last few months. I initially went due to a Check Engine light, which turned out to be an Evap Leak and a $350 repair. My first visit was pretty standard. I went in, they did diagnostics, I approved the repair, and I picked up my car the next day.   Less than two months later, the Check Engine light came on again, same code. I had them look at it and I was told that there was just a "kink in one of the lines" and that it would b fixed. I was hoping that that was the end of that.   From that time, again in about a month and a half, same Check Engine light came on, with the same code. Again, I paid Pep Boys another visit. It would be my last.   In addition to the same recurring problem, I also wanted to get my car checked because of a SMALL oil leak. This is where things got bad. I took my car in on a Wednesday morning, when they said it wasn't busy at all and that they'd give me a call in a few hours about what's going on with my vehicle. I didn't hear back until the evening, when I decided to call and ask about it. When I called, I asked about my car's status, was put on hold for so long that I decided to hang up and just call back. That happened 4 times in about two hours. Finally, someone was able to talk to me about my car. I was told that the oil leak was from multiple sources and that it was going to be a $670 job and they'd of course have to keep my car for another day. My schedule didn't allow that so I just picked my car up and planned on going back on the weekend. Btw, they didn't have time to check on the Check Engine issue...  The following day, I noticed when I left work that I had left a puddle of oil. On the way home, my car stopped accelerating and I was stranded. Luckily, I was stranded near an auto shop and I had them check my car. Turns out, the pipe from wherever my transmission fluid was coming from was loose. I asked Pep Boys what they did and I was told that they just tried to tighten it (but loosened it up in the process?) The new shop was able to do that with no problem, replaced the fluid,  and was able to fix the the other leaks for $110. It's been a couple of weeks and I still haven't noticed any leaks. In regards to the Check Engine light, it was just turned off and I was advised to have them do diagnostics if it comes back. Diagnostics that they offer for free, while Pep Boys charges $100. I also had to pay for the oil leak diagnostics at Pep Boys, and tried to use a coupon I received via email but was told that I had to print out my coupon to use it. I've actually presented an online coupon before at that store and someone was able to scan a printed copy, however, the clerk made it apparent that he didn't like his job anyway so that probably would've been too much to ask of him.
1 Horrible customer service!!! Sat in the drive in repair area for over 30 minutes without acknowledgment, only to be told they couldn't assist me. Mind you the store and services bays were near empty, and it was 3 hours before closing. All this for a simple nail in the tire. I'll be having AAA put the spare on in their parking lot and going to Discount Tires, tomorrow.
5 Had a good experience. Jeff in the device center was very helpful. He was honest and helped us understand the problem and gave us fair choices. We will go back to him for any service we need.
