5 I have been taking my dogs to this clinic since 1999. They are the BEST I've ever seen. The doctors and staff are caring and compassionate way above and beyond what is expected of them. I only wish our human physicians could be like this! I had a special needs dog due to bad breeding. We had so many heartbreaking issues with him but they always got him through it. At the end of his life, Dr. Lopez cried right along with us when we had to make the horrible decision to let him go. Our Taz was just shy of his 13th birthday. I am thoroughly conviced the care that he got at Animal Clinic Del Rancho allowed us to have all of those years with him. It's not just me that loves this place. My dogs have loved going there so much, they literally drag me across the parking lot to get there. I even take them there as part of their birthday present. Let the dogs speak for themselves!
5 Dr Stewart and her staff were wonderful with my 14 yr old shih tzu who went in for his first teeth cleaning and then 5 extractions!  Their professionalism and friendly staff put me at ease for this procedure and my little guy did great!!  From the super clean facility to the compassion from everyone I knew that he was in good hands.  Thank you again for putting my worries at ease and giving me more healthy years with our beloved KC!!!
5 Dr. Millman and her staff have been caring for my dogs for over 13 years now.  I have always found everyone at the practice to be kind, caring and considerate.  Dr. Millman and the other vets are highly competent and compassionate.  Would  recommend this veterinary practice without reservation.
5 The staff is amazing, never a let down the times I've been there. I recently brought over a sweet dog that was roaming my neighborhood aimlessly. The staff found the owner and kept him for the day with hopes that the owner was indeed going to come for him that evening. Great caring team!
5 The staff is awesome, they are always so happy and passionate about what they do. Dr. Stewart is amazing, she takes such good care of our little Elphaba. We would highly recommend them to all of our family and Friends. Thank you for all you do for us.
5 Very clean and professional facility. The staff is very friendly and they were very accommodating to my circumstances. The doctor was so nice and down to earth. I had already done a lot of research and she didn't try to do a bunch of unnecessary tests or prescriptions. They gave me a very realistic and affordable health plan for my pet. They also gave me a cute gift bag for my first visit. I liked everything about this place and especially the genuineness.
5 What a nice place! I had to get kitty's claws trimmed because she's a fiesta little diva and would claw my face off if I tried to do it. So I went on Yelp to find the phone number of this place. Then I noticed the free nail trim ad at the top so when I called I mentioned that and although they didn't really know what I was referring to, they said they would honor it. So I brought her in later that day got her all registered. The staff was very nice and have us a kitty gift bag. (There was a blue mouse toy in it which has become her favorite. I even sewed the tail back on when she ripped it off because she was meowing at me about it missing.) I'm very pleased to have found this place so close to home and the little princess and I will be returning later in the summer for her annual check up.
5 Best vets in town! Great and caring staff and docs. I wouldn't go anywhere else and highly recommend!
1 Please be warned! This place wants your money! I brought my dog in after he after he ate a poisonous plant. It was fifteen minutes before they closed. The vet, older women, had a horrible bedside manner. My baby was throwing up blood. She told me they were closing soon, and after checking his heart rate and gums, charged me 40dollars are told me to go to an emergency animal clinic. I will be sure to tell everyone in the area and neighbors to stay away!
