4 My ears are ringing from the loud club music and my stomach is a growlin' I'm kinda drunk still, so what do I do? I go to Whataburger at 2:30am, that's what I do. Tonight's craving was Onion Rings. Jack in the Box was blocked off due to the New Year's Eve block party in Tempe, so we stopped here instead. Good move.  The onion rings were delivered piping hot. The dude warned us, and he was right. I'm convinced there was a grease fire going in the bag there for a bit. You could heat a house with what was coming out of the cardboard box of fried onion goodness.  And these onion rings are pretty damn decent. Horrible for me, I'm sure, but I don't really care at this point. And the KETCHUP (all caps on the container,) it comes in a dip-able container. No bags of ketchup here... only "Fancy KETCHUP."  There's two onion rings left... but they are ALL MINE!  UPDATE: The onion rings are all gone! I ate them all!
5 Forget the fact that virtually all fast food tastes like heaven after a long night of partying. I've been to this location in varying states of intoxication and they have always provided top notch customer service, even though its 3:30am, I'm probably still drunk and probably talking too loud or not making much sense. The people there always have a big smile and treat all their customers very very well. I would recommend this place to any college student in a late night quest for greasy, tasty, delicious food.  The one thing I would recommend is that you specify that your chicken is fresh, and by that I mean that it hasnt been sitting in the warmer for any longer than 5minutes. However that is something you should do at every fast food place.
3 Compared to In-N-Out, Whataburger definitely tosses more food at you. The double burger is a solid 150% as big as the equivalent at I&O, although you do pay a little extra dough for that extra beef (or mystery meat, however you prefer to think of it).  I still don't like the fries. But they made up for it by actually pushing in the buttons on our drinks to indicate which was Coke and which was root beer! I don't believe anyone else has ever done that for me, and it felt special.
4 I just moved here and the Whataburger is right down the street.  I have been there a few times and I really dig the burgers.  They are much bigger than most fast food chains with a slightly toasty bun.  They seem to be a little tricky to order, but I am getting there since I only get them "Plain and Dry with Cheese".  I really enjoy the fries they are slightly squishy which is just the way I like them.  They even have ketchup in the little dunking containers.  The only down side is they seem to take quite awhile when you are in the drive through. Haven't quite figured that out yet.  Maybe I'll go in and order and see if it takes long.
4 Open late! This place is always relatively clean when hubby and I visit, and we like that they deliver the food to your table (kind of nice for a fast food joint). We partake of the chicken strips with white gravy and toast from time to time. The burgers aren't bad either ~ pretty large and not frozen-tasting. I also like the fact that they use mustard on their burgers, since I'm a mustard fan. They're also good at honoring my husband's standard order of "only lettuce and tomato." Last but not least, the fries are very boring, but the onion rings are good. Go for the o-rings if you're ordering a burger.  Overall, a good place to catch some late night fast food!
3 OK, it's been a while since I had a fast food burger, but it was moving day for my lovely daughter Whitney, yesterday. The menu selection for moving day lunch is "bag of burgers" for the moving crew, of which I was a part. If you are going to do chain, drive through burgers, you can do far worse than Whataburger (I mean you MickieD, and you too, Burger King!). I like the fact that Whataburger toasts the buns and smears on a little butter flavored...something, grease, oil, lard...I have no idea, but it adds to the taste and doesn't make me ill, so thumbs up! They don't get the order wrong any more often than any other drive through place, and when they do, they have remade the order without attitude, so that's nice. Over the years, I have tried a couple of other things on their menu, and they do a pretty good job with a chicken sandwich and sausage biscuit from their breakfast menu. Again, far superior to some of their national competitors. Good for the moving day "bag of burgers", but I wouldn't go out of my way to get there (BTW, when is Lucky Boy going to put a place in Old Town Scottsdale?).
4 I am from California and we don't  have this chain so when I saw the name I had to try it. My daughter and I had the burger and fries, it was very good. My son had the chicken strips and loved it.   Overall my family really enjoyed it the food was good and swerive was good.
2 I don't get it.  Then again as a vegetarian who likes to eat healthy for the most part there is really nothing on the menu for me.  Took the kids to get the chocolate brownie pie.  None of my three children really liked it.  Took about 15 minutes for them to make it also.
4 Dude, why have I never heard of this place before! Oh, because they don't have any in California . . . damn.   Like others have said, this is an In & Out Equivalent, but in my humble opinion, I think Whataburger is better. You get more food for the same price and better service.  And the burger tastes more "real" than In and Out (Sorry to those who think that is blasphemous).    My boyfriend and I went here twice on our visit to Tempe.  Gotta load up on the goods while we can!
4 I can't believe the other reviews have not mentioned the breakfast menu. One of my favorite times of the weekend is 11pm because that's when Whataburger starts serving breakfast tacos. (nom, nom, nom)  11p to 11a is the best time to go to Whataburger. They still serve the regular menu, but who doesn't have an unhealthy obsession with breakfast tacos? (Or is that just me?)  For the most part, I would rather be at Whataburger some time between 11p and 11m and eat my delicious biscuits and tacos and drink my Simply Orange than go to any other fast food joint.  I guess I'm a little biased when it comes to the whole In-N-Out v. Whataburger thing. I'm from Texas. I've been to the original Whataburger in Corpus, there's a Whataburger not two minutes from my dad's house, and the tiny town that my mother lives in has five (count'em five) Whataburgers for 75,000 people. I am a big fan of Whataburger.  I do have to agree with other Yelpers that the fries are weak sauce here. I'm actually a little disappointed. These aren't the Whataburger fries I am used to. Don't get me wrong, I like them and I think they are better than In-N-Out's fries, but they just aren't the same.
4 I've been gone a long time away from home and I never - ever would have said this before now but, IMISSED MY WHATABURGER!!!   I've eaten at so many other fast food burger places all of this country and in other countries that I can say with authority and confidence that this Whataburger will be one of the best fast food burgers you'll ever eat!  Sure there are better burgers, but not fast food!  In-N-Out is a very close tie however you get more burger for your money and the taste is just as good!
5 All I can say is double, double with cheese! Oh how I wish we had a Whataburger at home. I do miss this place.  In N Out Burger has nothing on them. All other burger places are just burgers. Whataburger is a little bit of heaven under a bun.
3 With mass chain restaurants, I can't necessarily review the food, as it's standard throughout each franchisee. However, this specific Whataburger is unbearably slow--you can expect to wait about 15 minutes for a relatively simple order. This isn't exactly because of lazy employees, but I believe the restaurant is understaffed frequently. Once, after an ASU football game, there were four employees manning the restaurant for about forty to fifty customers, and I waited about 45 minutes after ordering to receive my food.
5 Ahh, where to even begin?  Let me get this out there right away: This is my absolute favorite fast food chain and my favorite location in the chain of the ones I've been to.  Let me also get out of the way the fact that you'll probably spend more here than you normally do at fast food places (and there's no value menu to be found). It's really the only reason I'd ever eat fast food anywhere else. But if you truly want to indulge yourself with greasy food, it's so, so worth it.  It's open 24 hours, both drive-through and inside. The drive-through is always pretty quick even at really odd hours. The inside is always super clean, and the employees will bring your food to you along with a tray where you can pick out any condiments you need.  Now for the food. Yes, you pay more for the burgers than competing restaurants, but the burgers are pretty huge. Their regular burgers are awesome on their own, but what really sells me is their "All-time favorites" menu. Specifically, their patty melt is BY FAR the best burger I've ever eaten at a fast food joint. Nothing even comes close. Not In N Out, not 5 guys, nothing. The thing is just incredible.  Other favs would be their 3 piece chicken strips meal (with gravy), which, in addition to the regular fries, comes with texas toast that is just incredible when dipped in gravy.  I'd recommend anyone who likes burgers get the patty melt for their first time here. You just have to try it. But really, I don't think there's a bad thing on the menu here. They have a breakfast menu that runs from 11pm to 11am which is just as good.  The icing on the cake is that the staff here is always super friendly and polite, despite working at a location (right by ASU) that probably brings a lot of bothersome people in. I've been here around 2 AM when bars and parties are shutting down, and watched the drunk crowd roll in, and still have had their amazing staff offer to get me a refill on my drink and ask if everything's okay. Speaking of beverages, they have diet dr. pepper here, which is a nice treat for someone who likes diet sodas and is usually stuck with coke.  This place is often pitted against In N Out  as a fast-food join serving "real" burgers and not just variations on the McDogShit, and especially because they're both specific to this general area of the US. I love the burgers at In-N-Out, but to me, Whataburger wins hands down.
4 Just tried out the Monterey melt. Pretty good. Its a relatively thin but wide burger (not like those thick burgers that end up being real messy) and its got that buttery taste.   The fries don't live up to the hype though. I found it quite bland.
5 Went here for an emergency food stop to put a much needed chocolate shake intermission on a night of drinking.   The only problem, I didn't order a big enough sized shake!   The shake and burger were delicioso and probably part of the reason I feel slightly less terrible this morning. What a burger!
5 Good fast food for the money; the ingredients tasted fresh and were made to order. "What a burger!" indeed.
3 I don't like the food here, except for the onion rings (they are huge). The burgers are boring and the fries are similarly lame. I'd much rather go up the road to In N Out. BUT... my husband and brother LOVE this place & I have to agree that the service is outstanding, especially for fast food (thus the three stars). Would I recommend it, no. But it is a place I find myself at every once and again.
5 This place really hits the spot at midnight. I had a double burger with cheese and medium fries. Im usually not impressed with the burger size, but this burger was impressive
3 I lowered my rating for this place after a bad experience today. I would have to say now that they are hit or miss, depending on who's working on the shift when you arrive. One thing that has really gotten on my nerves is the neurotic way they serve condiments (ketchup, spicy ketchup, mustard, salsa, etc..) in little packets that you usually see in diners for butter and jelly. And they put them in a display box similar to Stash or Bigelow tea and politely (almost proudly) ask you how many of each you want (although I suppose there is no limit). All this fuss around condiments strikes me as weird. I've come to believe that any restaurant that doesn't simply give you bottled condiments when you're eating in is messed up and will probably disappoint you in other ways as well. I had the same issue with U.S. Egg. Still...Good tasting burgers and a clean place.
