3 Went here today, I hadn't been to the dentist in while.  I was totally turned off when I mapped them and discovered that it was in the strip mall by my house, but I don't have a car, so my hand is pretty forced in the way of convenience.  Overall, it was a good experience.  The local is next to a tanning salon and a chinese restaurant, so it is rather off-putting, to say the least.  Besides location, they have many good things going for them.  They are well stocked with up-to-date computer systems and tools.  They take every insurance they can, and also take the "Vital Savings" program that comes with being a .5 T.A. at ASU.  I got some x-rays and a cleaning.  The dentist was very nice and extremely gentle.   The hygienist was pretty good, no real complaints, no overt exceptional qualities.  Pretty cheap if you have coverage, non-invasive overall.  They use computer Xrays and show you your teeth as they diagnose you.    No Cavities for me!  Now, a quick jaunt to Cornish Pasty... yes, the strip mall thing is still weird to me.
5 I have been going to this dentist office for a few years now and would recommend them to anyone. They are very flexible in scheduling your appointments and  they call to remind you of them. They also call to remind you when you need cleanings. That personal touch goes a long way.  Mandana Kheshtchin and Navid Javadi are both extremely gentle and personable. They are down to earth and reasonable in their prices. I have been to a lot of dentists that recommend unnecessary procedures to make money, these two are the opposite. They have often told me of procedures I need (fillings, root canal, wisdom extraction ect) and told me which ones were the most important to take care of and which could wait.   Their staff is friendly and their offices have TV's you can watch while you get your mouth worked on.
5 I have been going to this dentist office for a few years now and would recommend them to anyone. They are very flexible in scheduling your appointments and  they call to remind you of them. They also call to remind you when you need cleanings. That personal touch goes a long way.  Mandana Kheshtchin and Navid Javadi are both extremely gentle and personable. They are down to earth and reasonable in their prices. I have been to a lot of dentists that recommend unnecessary procedures to make money, these two are the opposite. They have often told me of procedures I need (fillings, root canal, wisdom extraction ect) and told me which ones were the most important to take care of and which could wait.   Their staff is friendly and their offices have TV's you can watch while you get your mouth worked on.
2 "We have an appointment available for Wednesday, say 2pm?"  "Ok, cool, so I'll be able to get my crown and bridge fixed then?"  "No, this would be an appointment just to take a look, make a treatment plan - address any pain, so on"  "Pain isn't really an issue, I really just need a few things fixed, like to do it as soon as possible..."  "Ahh, I see, well the first full appointment I have is in three weeks"  "Cool, lets do that, if there is a cancellation or something you'll call?"  Day before appointment, three weeks later:  "I see that you've scheduled a full appointment as your first, for tomorrow, the office manager says we don't do that. I've changed the appointment to a check-up" . "If this is a problem let us know"
5 Had a bad toothache late on a Saturday afternoon.  Did an internet search for emergency dental and this office came up.  Called and was happily surprised at the response that I got.  The receptionist was wonderful and contacted the Dr.  She met me at the office and did an emergency procedure to take care of my pain immediately!  They were fantastic!    I had never heard of this office before today and was not a previous patient and they took care of me like an old friend.    I will certainly be returning to them for all my future dental work!
1 Bad experience with a female dentist there. I had a bad tooth ache going in, coming home with an even worst pain on my infected tooth.   The female doctor there is LAZY. She did a root canal for kids on me because it is a much easier procedure. I got charged "full price", $$$$$ for adult root canal.  Afterwards, she send me home without antibiotics nor pain meds on my infected tooth. It was so painful that the horrible pain kept me up all night.  I would not recommend her to anybody!
5 Who else TRULY listens, cares,  assesses, and delivers such professional outcome @ affordable $ ? My teeth & I Ty !   Beau Dr. K  & her Team ROCKS the gum line :)   Blessings B
1 Okay, so I call this dentist because I was having excruciating pain in my mouth. She agreed to see me on a Saturday Which was a plus. After filling out all of the paperwork, I was shortly sent to the back, where I was told what was wrong with my teeth. She said I needed a fill but didn't really TELL me what was wrong. Before she put a full in, she started to numb my mouth. MIND YOU, with a sharp long needle she stuck in my gums without any warning and no form of communication. She just ordered me to open my mouth more. After about 5 minutes, she said the filling was done and pretty much told me to have a nice day. UH... My mouth was still in pain, a little worse from when I came in. I had to ask the receptionist to ask the dentist to prescribe me pain killers! No communication from the dentist at all. The receptionist was very kind at least. However, I will not be back here again. Sometimes, I can't always trust reviews.
1 I was in town for a business meeting and started having severe dental pain so I Googled Emergency Dentist in Tempe and A & N cam up on top of the search. The website said same day appointments and emergency services until 9pm weekdays. I called at 2:30 pm on a Wednesday to see the doctor and was tole the doctor would not be in until Friday afternoon. So much for the emergency services claim they make on there website. Another advertising scam to get to the top of the search engines. Shame on you A & N Dental.
1 TL;DR  This dental center fronts pleasantry but in the end will neglect you, mistreat you, and leave you in pain with no money.    After our first visit my wife and I thought we liked this dentist. The receptionist was friendly, the hygienist was thorough but gentle, and the dentist seemed knowledgeable and professional if a little brisk. We got our cleanings done and scheduled return appointments for cavity fillings and my wife's root canal.  Today my wife went back for her root canal. My wife has had a couple root canals before, so she had an idea of what to expect going in. It started well, with the root canal specialist being very empathetic towards my wife's past experiences and making sure she was numbed entirely. The root canal procedure went smoothly. After the root canal, the regular dentist was supposed to put a temporary crown on. However, as the specialist was walking out the door the dentist asked them to work on their own tooth while he was there! The entire staff proceeded to gather in the other room while the dentist had her tooth worked on, and LEFT MY WIFE SITTING IN THE CHAIR AFTER HER PROCEDURE FOR FORTY-FIVE MINUTES. Unbelievable.  While they were having a grand old time next door, the numbness in my wife's mouth wore off leaving her in pain. When they finally remembered they had a patient in the other room, her mouth was no longer numb. This didn't stop them from not listening to my wife telling them that and saying "Oh, well, we'll just start and if it hurts we will numb you again." ARE YOU SERIOUS?? So much for empathy! No surprise, after more painful drilling, they had to re-numb her mouth with more shots. And to top it all off, when she left they would NOT prescribe her pain medication because "it wouldn't hurt."  This dental center is either oblivious or has no empathy for their customers. My wife was also cajoled by the staff into paying for a crown when she only wanted the much less expensive post. We will not be going back.  EDIT:  After a follow up phone call the Office Manager blatantly lied to me and told me they had offered my wife painkillers when they had not. Clearly this is a case of an incompetent dentist office trying to hide their mistakes.
5 I never been a fan of dentists. Mostly because I have SPD (Sensory processing disorder) basically what hurts most people doesnt hurt me and what rarelly hurts people will make me whine in pain. So to find a dentist that not only knowns what it is but actually believes me that an adult can have it, now that is super rare.   So anyway, the reason why I went to A&N instead of my normal dentist. I had an severe infected wisdom tooth and finally the pain hit me and hit me good. I called my regular dentist and he said "I cant work on that, you need a specialist" (not the exact words) and gave me a number to call. Well the specialist was closed that day (being 5pm) so I searched for someone who could. And you know what...A&N can. Plus it doesnt feel like a sales pitch when I go in there. They dont have overpriced special machines. Just a good hearted dentist who cares. She saw my tooth and in 45 minutes I was back home with some pain meds. And I never even asked, they just gave them to me. So I would be warry of Mitch's review. But it was quick and painless.   I liked this dentist so much that I cancelled all my cleaning appointments with my other dentist and will be seeing this one from now. If you are in serious pain and just want someone do something about it without a sales pitch, go here.
5 Dr. K is an amazing, kind, gentle dentist with great skill and thorough knowledge. I can't believe anyone who says otherwise. I'm so dedicated to her that, even though I live in San Francisco, she is my dentist. I have work in Tempe and I manage to find ways to only see her. I am: an actor, playwright, comedian, radio host. So I'm nobody's fool. She rocks.
1 First off I find the reviews that are negative and the response from the dentist very off putting I hope this doesn't happen to me.   I am new to the Phoenix area. I have had dental problems in the past. My miracle worker dentist from my hometown in North Dakota Dr. Herringer is the best. State of the art technology like a digital X-ray machine, a water laser to increase gum length and on and on. I expected this level of care however I had a dental emergency and wasn't able to read reviews.  My tooth basically broke apart the night before Easter Sunday. I knew I'd have trouble finding a dentist. I called the first one and she answered. The consult alone was expensive which I understand as it was a weekend visit. But the treatment plan and the tools she had to use to make it a modern dentistry type of practice were missing.  I'm so mad I let her pull my tooth. My dentist in ND would've been able to save it and put a crown on it. When she pulled the tooth the crown I had put in came off. She said "see it is all cement in there...no tooth". Upon talking to Dr. Herringer he said they build the tooth up so that wasn't cement it was my tooth. She said she could give me a price way cheaper for the remaining crowns I need done. This is not for cosmetic reasons. My teeth were ruined due to health problems and side effects from medication. The bottom front and top can be crowned.  Her assessment was to pull the tooth, and put in a flipper. Now I will have to pay even more than a crown to get an implant. Not from this office. Please stay away. I mentioned tools my ND dentist uses like a water laser and she seemed perplexed as to what that was. Also after yanking on my tooth for 1 hour she gave me 5 pills. The next day I called and she wrote for 15 more. 20 is usually standard in dental procedures. I live 45 minutes from her office. So another trip back was needed.   I'm really upset I didn't do research and let her pull my tooth. I have read reviews where people are getting nasty comments back for a negative review. I don't write negative reviews. Most are positive. If someone writes back that "ooh no we couldn't crown those teeth" I will gladly show up at their office when I return from my ND dentist and have crowns.   Every person in the medical field should continue to learn new techniques and be up to date on them. Plus most places these days have digital X-ray machines which is bare bones minimum I would expect from a dental office. Hopefully I won't receive any negative feedback from the office. But this is my honest review.
