5 Now that I have moved away from my Walgreens of the last 5 years or so, I can really appreciate the true superiority of this location. Let me 'splain:  1. This location is open 24 hours. When I need whatever anyone needs from Walgreens at 4:00 in the morning, I can have it. I now pass by three Walgreens on the way to my new job, and not one is 24 hours. WTF? I am an early commuter, and sometimes I need things early. Damn you, Scottsdale Walgreens!  2. Not once has this location EVER screwed up my or my husband's prescriptions. Avoid the Thomas Rd location near Home Depot. I swear it is always full of trainees and just a hot mess all the time. Even the 7th St. at McDowell location we now use has its share of dingbats. Not so at the perfect Tempe pharmacy.  3. I have never experienced or witnessed rude or inappropriate behavior from the employees at this location. Let's just say that the ones nearer my home are ghetto-fabulous.   4. This store is always clean, bright, and well-stocked. I have never once felt unsafe or unsanitary shopping here, as I have at other Walgreens.  Oh, Glorious Southern & McClintock Walgreens! How I miss you! You are my only regret in changing jobs.
2 If you are needing to get your perscriptions filled quickly and professionally, you might want to pick another location.  They are very busy, but slow, and relatively indifferent to their customers.  They made it far more of a hassle than it should have been, as I waited 45 minutes after the 35 minutes they initially said it would take to fill my order.
4 I'm glad its 24 hours nothing more frustrating that them opening at 8 when most people commute before that. they always have what i need, and some things i don't need, damn you cream soda. also its nice to know you can get sunscreen at 5am, or other items late at night like cold meds or anything really.
1 I have been using this location for a few years now, and gradually the customer service has been getting worse and worse. I have finally reached my breaking point in the past few months. From the excessive wait times both inside and in the drive through (sometimes when there are no other customers waiting), to the staff's utter indifference toward customer satisfaction (I have too many examples to list here), to the mix ups and misinformation that has resulted in me having to make way too many extra trips, I would say move on and find another pharmacy. Unfortunately, I HAVE to use Walgreens as per my health insurance, but I have found a new location 2 miles from this one that is 24 hours with a drive through, and I have to say so far that the difference is remarkable.
4 always drop off rx to have it filled so I don't know about wait times. I will say that I do like the pharmacy manager who is very helpful when I need to ask questions.  One staff pharmacist Irena or something like that seems to be more on the indifferent side like other reviews state. Cosmetics person is great, helps me find what I need when i want to change up some of the products I use.
5 This is a great Walgreen's. It's open 24 hours, has a very helpful Pharmacist, Photo Center, and the staff is very pleasant. I live just down the street from this Walgreen's and even though I don't go there often, every time I do it's a pleasant experience. One of the things I like best is that if the cashier gets a little busy they immediately call for assistance and open another cash register. There is nothing worse than standing in a long line with only one check stand open. Thank you for providing good customer service.
5 I am not really a Walgreen shopper, I usually like CVS the best. Why because, of the CVS card, good sales and all the great coupons they put out.  I am not crazy about the CVS pharmacy though, as I use Target Pharmacy, you just cannot get better than them.  Anyway, I needed some photos copied. Old Photos from the 70's. CVS had told me on a previous visit that they had a scanner that could copy them. We went there to take care of this yesterday and CVS scanner was not working. I finally had to ask for help. That is when I found out no worky.  Anyway enough about them let us get back to Walgreens. I went to the Photo Dept. I was lucky enough to have 2 very nice people help me here. One was John, who explained how everything worked on the machine and stood there and helped me every step of the way until I could do it myself. The 2nd guy, was younger but, I forgot his name, he too was great and very helpful.  They even had nice stools that you could sit on while making your choices on the computer and scanner. Which was great because, it took me over an hour to do it.  My photos came up just when they said they would. An excellent job, I might add. I was very happy with the results. Whilst there we also got a Walgreens Reward card, something I had never had there before. Convenient spot, lots of parking. Right on the corner so you can enter from both roads. Southern and McClintock.  They say they are open 24 hours which could really come in handy, and I did notice the store was very clean. Which is nice.
4 A well stocked Walgreens with friendly employees. The pharmacists and pharm techs are thorough and want to make sure you're getting the most out of your prescription benefits. From beauty supplies, household items, greeting cards, food and alcohol, to photo services, it's a good multi-purpose store that's open late.
2 I was really trying to avoid this, I don't like giving bad reviews. This is the 4th time I've been to this location in about a month and every single time it's taken upwards of 10 minutes to check out here. There is always a line whether it's 8am or midnight. It's frustrating to run in for one thing and ALWAYS have to wait that long. I've never seen them open another line either. The cashiers are really friendly, I'll give them that, but have no sense of urgency. Two stars for being open 24 hours, just not worth the wait though. I'll drive the extra mile to the CVS on Broadway if I need anything after 10pm.
