5 By far the best manicure and pedicure I've gotten from one of these type shops.. You know the ones with a giant sign that just says NAILS.. I walked in and only had to wait about 10 minutes. They had a good magazine selection, interesting wall art (a landscape of Phoenix in purples, yellows, and bright green) and a wonderfully cheesy karaoke video of love songs. Basically the best part of my experience was Benjamin, the technician who took care of me. He was the best! Benjamin was absolutely hilarious and incredibly meticulous (although because of his attention to detail, may take a little longer than you're used to..) I loved how he would announce he was about to massage by declaring it "happy feet time!" and that he took care to use my name when talking to me. Very sweet guy. Also it was quite reasonable at $30 for both :)
1 This place is by FAR the worst nail salon I have ever been to. I found myself in a bind and needed to get a fill right away, so i stopped by here on my way home from work.  My guy was ok.  He made my nails uneven and lumpy, but that doesnt compare to the other things i witnessed. In the time I was there, i saw the guy who answers the phone and greets people (i assume the owner) provide the worst service ever.  He was filling a girl's nails and was on the phone the entire 15 min it took.  He never once asked her what she wanted or apologized for not paying attention to what he was doing.  Then while there were 2 other people waiting, he took the phone call outside and chained smoked cigarettes.  After that, I saw him fill one other person's nails in a total of 5 minutes.  I would stay away if you want to get your moneys worth.
4 It is a nice place. Actually when i have just come in, everything seems to look normal. Nothing different frm other nail salons. However, when a lady did manicure and pedicure for me, she did really good service. She always smile a lot, and made you feel comfortable. I will come back soon and tell my friends abt this salon cause they did a good job.
4 When 3 of us went in on a Sunday, it was not busy at all. There were only 2 people working so we had to wait a little longer to each get pedicures. There was not tons of colors but enough to choose from and not be overwhelmed! It's a small place, with 4 pedicure chairs and 3 manicure stations.  They were very friendly and gave a great pedicure massage! I'd come back.
5 I loved this place. We are visiting Phoenix and needed my nails done. Mine were chipped etc.  Loved this shop. I have very pretty flowers on my toes.  Price was very low and my  satisfaction is very high.
2 Um, longest and most awkward pedicure of my life. First off, the shop is the size of a shoe box. There were only 2 employees working at the time I went in, however, they were able to get me in immediately.  An old dude did my pedicure. He nearly burned me with the hot stones and my foot massage was so weird. He was shaking my feet and his face was incredibly close to them! Made me feel a little weirded out. I got the basic pedicure ($20)....but he literally took an hour. I'm not sure if I'll be back...if so, I definitely don't want the same nail tech.
4 This was a great little place. It was quite clean, but with only 4 chairs I could see the wait being long. Fortunately, my friend and I walked right in. We both got pedicures ($18 special, sweet!), and the service was excellent. This is a great place for a basic pedicure for those on a budget, like me! I'll be coming back :)
4 I really enjoyed my experience here today!  I will be coming back for sure.   Benjamin was super nice and really did a nice job. Linda was quiet but she was also pleasant.   Small place but welcoming.
4 Randomly saw a sign on the street while driving by that advertised a discount on pedicures so my husband and I decided to stop. There were 2 guys available so they sat us right away. The shop was pretty small (only 4 manicure stations and 4 spa pedicure chairs), was located in a slow, unattractive strip mall and there were only 2 other people getting services done. So why 4 stars? Because the nail techs were SUPER friendly and accommodating. Most nail places rush through service to push you in and out as quick as possible. The guy I had took extra time to make sure my cuticles, nails, polish etc. were perfect. They also use hot lotion, hot stones and hot towels for massage. Awesome!!!
5 My sister was visiting from the east coast and needed her nails done.  We came across this place by mistake and really lucked out.  Apparently new owners took over recently and shared with us the improvements they've made.  Yes the place is small but my sister never felt cramped and the one girl think her name was Tina took her time with her and was super attentive.  To sum up its a cute little place with very good personal service.
5 Tina is the new owner of this salon & it's beautiful! She does fantastic work & she really cares about high quality. Go see them soon, you'll quickly become a regular.  Tina has been doing my nails for a year now & I refuse to go to anyone else. It can be so difficult to find someone who's concerned about taking care of people rather than the "turn & burn" attitude. But Tina is amazing. And my nails look phenomenal EVERY TIME!! Don't be swayed by any reviews older than 2 months- those are about the previous owners. Give Tina a chance & you'll have found your new favorite nail salon.
5 Snow Nails has only gotten better with the new management!  I love it before and I love it more now. She seems to be doing a great job with others as well since she has bee REALLY busy the last two times I was there.   Give her a shot.
4 First time here, was really impressed with how quick and friendly the staff was when I walked in. They gave me their full attention even with other clients inside the shop and less than an hour until closing time. Prices are moderate, callous remover is included in pedicure, which is nice. I like the idea of a "frequent customer" card as well. Close to home and happy with the final product! I will be back.
5 This place is amazing! Wonderful customer service! Tina is awesome! The prices are nothing out of the ordinary!
5 Came to this place for the first time today for a pedicure. This place completely exceeds the other salons in the scottsdale area I've gone to. The nail techs were so welcoming and friendly from the moment I walked in. Tina, the manager, was the one who did my pedicure. She was super nice and did an amazing job on my toes. For someone who has ingrown toenails, pedicures aren't always a great experience, but this one was my best experience yet.  Another thing I love about this place is they have stamp cards! 10 stamps and you get $10 off. I don't know any other nail salon that does this.  Can't wait to go back for another pedi :)
5 Tina is amazing! She really cares about how your nails look! She made mine exactly the way I wanted them and I didn't even have to tell her! My nails look great!!! She is very friendly as well.
5 This is an excellent nail salon. The pedicure was great, just like an expensive spa. The staff is friendly and skilled. I will be going back.
