5 I was a 1-800-Flowers man, but it was Saturday morning before Valentine's day and I just couldn't risk them screwing something up like they sometimes do.  So, I used my Googling skills to quickly find a local place that could hopefully get my wife flowers on time the next day.  Luckily I came across Campus Flowers.  Their online ordering process was painless, their selection good and prices reasonable.  They were able to pull it off and deliver the flowers right on time!
5 Tina is always helpful and the flowers are gorgeous. I recently ordered a birthday bouquet for my assistant. It was delivered less than an hour after I called and she loved it.  Tina and her staff are great at creating beautiful presentations at exactly the price point I set every time. I use Campus Flowers for my personal and business floral needs.
5 Love this place always great flowers and service!
5 My co-workers and I love this adorable shop.  We've never had any issues and we've been using them for years now.  They are fast at delivery and give great value for our money. Have a few other bad experiences with other flower shops in the area, so we are so happy we found Campus Flowers!! Thank you for being so close to us and being the Best at what you do!!
5 I have been going to this flower shop for around 6 years now and i refuse to go to any other!  Tina is great and will always go out of her way to help me get whatever idea i have done and everything always looks great once it is all put together.  The prices are also pretty awesome which is obviously a huge bonus, but simply due to how much effort tina puts into helping me get what i want i will not trust anyone else to get the job done!
1 I just had surgery for the third time. My Mother, who lives in California, ordered some flowers online to be delivered on Friday the 28th of February, the day of my surgery. They didn't arrive. The next day, she received an e-mail stating they would be delivered that day, on March 1st. She called, and they told her there was a mix up with delivery, and it actually wouldn't be delivered until today, Monday, the 3rd of March. They just arrived, right before noon, and they are beautiful, but SERIOUSLY? My mom paid extra to have those delivered to be the DAY of my surgery. Not only did you not deliver until THREE days later, but you didn't offer her any kind of refund on her shipping or purchase. Bad business. I don't care how beautiful the flowers are, if your customer service is lacking, and you don't deliver when you say you will, your business sucks. Shame on you for taking advantage of my mom. You will never get my business (nor hers again), and I will not recommend you to any of my friends and family that live here in Arizona.
4 I've been a customer over the years as I work in Tempe.  This shop does a great job of working with customers and ensuring you get what you want.  They deliver all over the place and the flowers and arrangements are top notch!
