5 This Alphagraphics saved me big time.  My life is one big procrastination after another.  This time I was procrastinating printing off letters and portfolio pieces for my final college class.  They were very helpful in getting me squared away, whereas other places would say "go to the self serve area and good luck figuring it all out".  Thanks to them I finished my work just in time!  (by seconds, literally)
2 Sorry, this one's a bit harsh for me!   To sum it up.. one  (just one) 8.5 x 14 text print cost me $30 bucks!  Since our office is practically next door, we keep going back to save travel time in tight pinches. Sorry Alphagraphics, I think it's time for us to split up.  Print quality: Unpredictable. When I'm paying $30 bucks for a sheet of paper, it better be executed well. Use of  "more-efficient" equipment equals smeary images and inaccurate color.  Time to completion: Very good. Always on-track with delivery estimate.   Customer service: Poor. Staff is unfamiliar with print industry demands. When calling, expect to be passed from person to person trying to find someone with decent work experience to talk shop. (Yes, I know it's a "copy shop", but at these prices you'd better know your stuff)  Personality: Generally friendly young staff.   Pricing: Insane. Working in the industry, I know these prices are ridiculous. If I felt I was working with professionals with professional equipment, I would absolutely pay for excellent service. Sadly, I'll have to look elsewhere.  I've sent dozens of jobs with a variety of specs through these folks. Each experience has been with the quality of collateral.
5 MIchael Sinkula at Alphagraphics does a fabulous job - he is pro-active, personable and professional and has consistently exceeded my expectations in terms of delivering high-quality products on very short notice.  Plus they literally deliver, so I don't have to leave my office at all and can handle everything via email and the occasional phone call.  I look forward to doing business with them again.
5 I had a last minute idea for a marketing campaign. I needed some postcards in less than 24 hours, and I was sure it was going to cost me an arm and a leg. But Alphagraphics not only printed the cards on time-but at a reasonable price! The cards looked great and my marketing campaign was a hit. A win all around. I'll be back.
