5 I hadn't been to the dentist in a loonnnng time, mainly because of mental issues regarding said profession as well as not having a clue where to go for dental services.  I'm a believer in word of mouth promotion, and so when I saw TDC on Yelp, I figured I would give it a try.   Long story short, I went in for a look at my wisdom teeth.  I had to have 3 removed.  They explained my costs upfront and how everything would work.  Dr. Ward was professional and courteous, and even called the day after to check up on me.  Had no pain in the surgery (hooray sedation!) and I recovered well.  All this at their temporary location.  I will be back, and recommending them to friends.
4 I am in the small group of people who has absolutely no problem going to the dentist. It doesn't cause me anxiety, and in fact, I kinda like it. What I don't like is constantly bouncing around from one dentist office to another for insurance reasons, which is exactly what I've done the past ... 10 years or so. I loathe sifting through a list of names in my "network," then gambling on which one will be any good. I finally asked a friend for a reference after she raved about her dentist - who does that? Well, after going, I could see why she loves it so much. It was one of the bizarrely pleasant experiences ever. All the normal stuff was great - making an appointment and getting signed in and being seen in a reasonable amount of time of my actual appt. time. The hygienist was great, friendly and genuine.  The x rays were done with nice, new equipment, which involved simply standing up as a machine moved around your head. At this time I was given the most bizarre compliment of my life: the hygienist looked at the x ray and informed me I have very nice vertebra,  and that they are spaced perfectly apart. Wonderful news that I bragged about for the next week. Then it was time to get to business. They offer small screens on which they pull up Hulu, and the hygienist asked me what I wanted to watch...the world was my oyster! I said 30 Rock and she pulled it up and then asked which episode. Man, real VIP treatment. So I said I wasn't picky, but she went through and read the synopsis for the first three...haha, very sweet. So I watched some 30 Rock while she worked, perfect.  When the doctor came in, he was also very sweet and genuine. He marveled at my xrays and my mouth, saying over and over how healthy my teeth were. It was really cool how strangely impressed he was, and at one point said I had "the mouth of a 21 year old." I know, I know, that sounds creepy as hell, but it wasn't at all. And of course I bragged about this observation for the next week as well.  Everything else went just great, everyone was billed correctly and no problems whatsoever. The office was conveniently located in Tempe and office park was part of a cool, shaded atrium that was very pleasant to visit.
5 Tempe Dental Care did a fantastic job on what was no small order: do 5 years worth of work in an afternoon. I've had a near-crippling fear of the dentist for years now, so I needed some place that took my insurance and provided sedation. Sedation is supposed to be a "conscious sedation"; out of it, but awake. This was not the case. I took my pills, sat for 15 minutes, mused about how I was starting to see double and woke up six hours later on my couch. This is how serious dental work should be done.  Dr. Ward extracted my wisdom teeth (which were in bad shape, though fully formed and not impacted at all) and performed four fillings. I also had the deep gum cleaning done, which I assure you is an unpleasant experience if you are awake for it: if you can avoid it with good dental hygiene, do that instead. Seriously. (It was also nearly $850, so let's just say this trip maxed out my meager dental insurance allowance.)  The sedation bit is absolutely fantastic. I was worried that since I was just taking a few pills, it might not be effective (I'm large) or that I might still be awake throughout and remember it. None of that was true. I was good and knocked out (and apparently "belligerent") and I don't remember ANYTHING about the procedure. Seriously, anything at all. Think about that if you've ever had an awful bit of dental work, mouth open, drill whirring, needles probing, all the awful stuff I associate with dentistry: gone.  I did have a ton of pain after the fact, but welcome to getting your wisdom teeth extracted at 26. Fortunately, Dr. Ward refilled my painkillers, no problem, and after one refill and a few extra days on Ibuprofen & Acetaminophen, I feel just great.   Dr. Ward warned me (and my handler, since I was mostly gone) that my bite would need to be fixed after the fact, since I wasn't lucid enough to provide feedback. He was right about this; chewing when only two teeth contact is an uphill battle. But he took care of it in about 5 minutes and even moved up the follow-up appointment to make sure that we got that knocked out as soon as possible. When I discovered that one of my fillings was a bit rough, a few days later, they had me in the next day and filed it down in about 5 minutes as well.   The staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating, and they worked with me a bit to get the costs down. (I did shop around a bit and determined that everything was in line with normal; of course they were charging the health insurance-agreed rates anyway, so no surprise there.)  Overall, VERY happy with my experience here, and focused on making sure I don't have to come back for anything but my regular cleanings.
5 This is my dental office. We all should have a place that we feel totally comfortable allowing folks to put sharp instruments and sand in our mouths. That is what I am reminded of every time I have an appointment. These folks make me feel totally comfortable about a necessary health task.  Their new office is beautiful and they seem to be settling in well. They could use a little more warmth (rug? color? lower lighting? fish tank?) in the new waiting room. Right now there are just chairs lined up on four white walls, a magazine rack, and a TV high up on one of the walls. A couple of big planters outside the front door would be more welcoming too.  Although I am not crazy about going to the dentist, I really am quite comfortable here when I have to go in for a cleaning, filling, or whatever needs to be done next. The staff always makes me feel welcome and as if their livelihood depended on their customers - oh, wait, it does. A lot of businesses don't get the "customer service" part of their business. Tempe Dental Care definitely does. Smiling friendly faces.  Recommendation:  Good dental care is such an important part of your overall health.  And good dental offices are not a dime a dozen.  There are a few exceptional practices, offices and staff.  Temple Dental Care is one of those and should be your next dentist.
5 My wife and I have been patients here. We both have been treated quickly and with care. The staff and facility are A1.
5 They did a great job explaining my procedure to me (crown/root canal) and were able to get in me in quickly.  The hygienist's were knowledgeable and professional and I had an overall good experience.  The dentist was personable and made sure I was as comfortable as possible before and during the procedure.  Thank you.
5 Moved into Tempe and went to the dentist for the first time in a long time.  The facilities are very modern and clean.  There are TV's mounted on the ceiling of every operating room and they provided me with a blanket when I told them I felt cold.  They gave me an XRay and gave me consultation on a cleaning, some cavities, and wisdom tooth extraction.  I had all three operations done here and they did a fantastic job.    For my wisdom teeth removal, they recommended sedation, but I opted for the local anesthesia and stayed awake for the operation.  They put me on laughing gas free of charge and followed me through the whole operation as they were doing it.  The doctor personally called me on a Sunday night to ask how the recovery was going and if I had any questions.  I definitely recommend this place for your dental needs.
5 No need to be afraid of the dentist anymore! I had a crown and filling done today TOTALLY PAIN FREE!  Not only that, but, because they make permanent crowns on-site while you wait, no follow up visit is necessary. Love this place!
5 Need an emergency dental Appointment before leaving town for a flight that left in 2 hours. It would have not been possible with any other team, especially because I was a new patient! I got an appointment, the entire office worked to get me in and out quickly and everyone was incredibly friendly and knowledgable. Glad I found it!
5 I cannot say enough positive words about this dental office. First off the staff is extremely friendly, from the front desk down to the dentist. Never have a been to a dental office where everyone seemed so happy to be there and see you.   For the office being new, looked like state of the art everything, they had great prices as well for the out of pocket-ers. I was in a time crunch and a sensitive situation, went to two other places for quotes and timelines and all of them were crazy. Tempe Dental Care took care of everything in literally one week. It was the ulitmate life saver. I cannot thank them enough.   Which reminds me, I need to come in for my yearly cleaning. :)   Thank you guys for everything again.
5 I should start with I hate going to the dentist and do everything I can to avoid being there! That being said every member of the staff from the dental hygienist ( heather) to the dental assistant ( Anthony ) and the dentist ( Dr Ward) are hands down the best in Arizona. I am grown woman who cries every time she has to sit in the dentist chair, not one of them made me feel like this was a problem. All  of them were more than understanding and thoughtful the entire visit. So grateful to have found this office for my dental needs.  If you need a dentist and want the best experience possible, look no further! I don't remember the the name of the lady who made my appointment over the phone but she was also more than helpful and kind when I explained why it had been so long since the last visit and my fears.
2 Beautiful facility, nice staff but  warning what they quote you for work and what they bill you will be two separate things. Every time I've had work I got hit with a later bill.  Every time theres an excuse about the insurance. I have never had this problem with any other dentist...
1 Great initial experience but I will never go back!  They are liars and thieves! They are all about the $$$, not the quality of care that they give to their patients.They told me that contacted my insurance company and quoted me at 5k! They also told me that in order to do my root canal, because I have crowns for my two front teeth, that I would have to get two brand new front teeth because it was impossible to do this root cancal without cracking the teeth. psh, only for amateurs! Luckily, I went home for Christmas a few days later and saw my family dentist. The Root Canal was free (covered by insurance, in-network, same as Tempe Dental Care) and they did so without needing new teeth. 5K to Free! Do not go here ever. They may be OK for basic cleaning and consultations, but do your research and talk to your insurance company before paying any fees.  The free x-ray and cleaning for first time patients is considerate, however, they tried to convince me to go ahead with a "better" non-free cleaning. Atmosphere is nice, but who cares, either way it's not going to be a pleasent experience. They are all about the $$$, not the quality of care that they give to their patients.
4 We had been to Dr. Keller in Maricopa - my hubby went in for a dental emergency - and got over some of his dental fear due to the good Dr.  We were sad to see him leave the copa - but now we've moved to town and so has he!  And he's moved on up!  The office is comfortable, beautiful, sleek - Oh yeah - feel underdressed at the dentist!  The office staff is friendly and scheduling is flexible.    My only negative is that there's not a hubby-wife-parent chair in the dental rooms.  Maybe it's just me, but I always like moral support at the dentist. I'm sure there's some people who get in the way though - so I get it.
