5 Excellent service for a great price. I had my machine completely cleaned and tuned up for $50. He explained some things to me to help keep it running smoothly and gave a warranty on the tension fix he did. He said if I had any more problems I could bring it back in and he'd adjust it, no charge.   Very fast turn around.
5 The Dog Wash needed the blow dryers cleaned out. Instead of going to an expensive pet place to have them fixed we took them to Baseline Sew - Vac. We had them all back in time for our Valley fever Fund Raiser. They work great. We will probably be going back soon. I highly recommend this business.
4 I've taken my sweeper (yes, sweeper; not vacuum) for repairs here twice.  I have a cheap sweeper from Target.  I think it cost $70-80 when I got it 3 years ago.  The first time it was a cheap fix ($30) and the sweeper ran great afterward.  The most recent time, it was a more costly repair ($50) and I wish he would have called before he spent the time and parts on the repair because I probably would have just bought a new sweeper instead of having the repair.
5 This is a great place for vacuum repair! I dropped mine off on Tuesday, went back and picked it up on Wednesday repaired and cleaned! Great service and reasonable prices!
1 My Bissell steam cleaner quit sucking up water, so I brought it in to this location (as the one I used to use on McClintock/Southern had moved), telling the owner to call me with a diagnosis. After 2 weeks and no word, I drove down and was told I was missing a crucial piece of the machine, without which he could not tell me what was wrong. I asked if he had my phone number. He checked. He did and it was correct.  I delivered the missing part a couple of days later. After 2 more weeks and no word, I looked up his phone number online and was told the machine was fixed. I paid $59.00. The next day, I started shampooing my carpet when the machine started smelling like burned plastic, so I shut it off and took it apart to see what the problem was. I discovered that the roller brush had not been installed into the plastic clip correctly and the friction had burned right through it. I ordered new clips (had to order the brush as well as they are not sold separately on the Bissell site). When it came, I went to install it and discovered that the two small red clips had also been broken. Pretty disgusted and won't be going back to this location.
5 After discovering that my power cord/ foot pedal for my sewing machine got lost in the moving process, I decided I would save myself the hassle of calling around town to find a replacement and just order one through one of the Singer authorized e-retailers.  When it finally came in I plugged it into the machine, flipped the power switch...and nada!  Seeing as how I didn't have time for a replacement (that may or may not work) to come in I decided to see if it could be repaired.  I wasn't sure if anyone would check the power cord seeing as how I bought it from someone else, but when I called the store Raoul told me it was no problem and to bring it in. I was half expecting him to just take one look at it, tell me it was broken and push me into buying a new one, but he actually took it apart to see if he could repair it.  Once he determined it was beyond repair, he actually took the time to explain what was wrong with it so I had a leg to stand on when I called to company to return it.  As a bonus, he had one in the store that he was able to sell me so I didn't have to wait.  I was very impressed by how willing he was to go above and beyond.  Needless to say, I will be coming here for all of my sewing machine needs!
5 Baseline Sew and Vac is FANTASTIC!!!! Raoul is a very nice and knowledgeable man and one heck of a vacuum mechanic. I have sent him my Dyson, Hoover, Bissell Rug Cleaner and a Hoover Floor Mate. He fixed them all and improved the suction for a very reasonable price. This guy is ACES and I would definitely recommend him for all your vacuum cleaner and all small motorized appliances.
