1 I would highly warn against renting any of this company's units.  After 5 years of renting with them, the service went from bad to worse. The rentals are affordable but their service is ridiculous.  From no air conditioning for days on end, to roof leaks in a childs room that went ignored in monsoon season.  I would not wish them on anyone. Renters beware.
1 My biggest pet peeve is I'm trying to find property within a certain area only to find out that PRS is representing the client.  What makes it massively inconvenient is that they do not allow cats - not one potential property is available to me and I'm not giving up my friends.
1 They took $60 for a dual-application fee, just to glance at the application and tell us that we were automatically disqualified because we hadn't been living together for two years. I wish I could make money that easily.
1 welcome to scamville..all I can say about this place is DO NOT plan on getting much of your deposit back. EVERY little thing gets dinged. all in all I never had any problems with the place, but was never happy with their communication or ability to help.   in order to not pay knick knack fees, jump on left foot exactly this many times, then switch, then switch back. if not done exactly as described then pay up. what a pain in the a$$..  never again with PRS
1 Reading reviews should be something we do all the time! Here is the story... We were looking for a thre bedrooms two bathroms carpet..blah so we found what seemed to be the perfect place for us, submitted the application, then we got a call from a rude lady demanding the $60 dlls fee, ok we let that pass and paid, we tried to get a hold of them for a week to know if we got approved or not and we talked to the angry lady again who told us that she couldnt do anything because she couldnt get a hold of our current landlord, can you call again?  we asked but she was upset already,  she did anyway and took two days plus the weekend for them to determined yes or not, the answer was yes, we got approved what a joy!  Started making plans, we had 24 hours to go pay the deposit, we couldnt due to family issues, we didnt have time to go to their office and deal with this.  So we guessed we lost the place, we didnt get a call asking if we were going or not which is fine theyre busy.  So i realized we never read the reviews on this company, so i did, they are bad, terrible so we thought wow! Great we didnt do that!, after a couple of days and people telling us we shouldnt believe all the reviews, we decide to call them and see if the property was still available, they said: -no, but if the people we are reviewing doesnt get approved then you are next in line, we will give you a call back- they didnt, oh and she said she left a voice message which it wasnt there, she lied to us like they lied to others but still I called them and yes it was available so i told them great! Beause we got approved and we want it! Then they transfered the call to another person who was immediately upset for no reason! Rude!, when i explained what happened she told me to go give her the deposit money by 4:30 then she changed her mind, 3:30. I ask her if we could meet first to read the contract we were about to sign, she sounded confuse, -what? For what?-, are you kidding me, we are about to sign a contract and give you a bunch of money and we shouldnt read it first?, but i was polite and i said well... We havent seen anyone, we went to see the property by ourselves with the key they leave there for anyone to come in the house, and we dont even know anything about your policies and payments etc, so we would like to read the contract then give you the money if we agree, unless we can pay you cash (because they required a money order) so i can read it, agree and pay, does this sound that crazy?!, it sounded crazy to her, she reacted like what? Are you crazy? Who read contracts before signing them???!! I cant deal with this!! Then she told me she thought i was going back and fort and she had enough, come get the contract read it then bring it back, i told her we are far from her office so i needed her to email it to me, just imagine how annoyed is she by now :/ i can hear the noises she is making, then she pretends that right at that second she got another application and if i dont bring the money by 3:30 "im going to straight up deny your application"- whoa!!!  Really? Rude. I got the email with the lease, read it, is this people serious? You have to pay the first of the month, every day you are late is $50 dlls what?!!  I asked my friends about their leases no one has a lease like this! I have never seen this! Is not like im planning on being late but we all know things happen! Then all they charge for, the list goes on :(  it was like signing a pact with the devil wow!,  i wish i knew who owns this company, do they know how rude their employees are? Do they train them to be like this? How sad, because someone is going to rent the spot and then go thru all this and more. BEWARE, walk away, dont even try it, i can only imagine if we would have singned that lease. Ok, thank you for reading, i had to do this for you ;) ,  now go find another place to live a happy life :) good luck!.
1 I am sooooo upset with PRS. Its not right what renters do with your deposit . We all know that they will find anything to keep your money, but this is ridiculous. And I will not shut up Im going to the news, every review website, write my congress man about this unfair practice. When I moved out the house was 99% perfect. All I missed was LIGHT BULBS. They charged me $70 dollars for 50cent light bulbs. They said everything was good on the phone and then I get the check which was 35% of my deposit.   We gave them slake when they took a year to fix the garage door and then they fix it when we move out. Why couldn't you give us a break?
5 I must be renting from a different PRS than the previous reviews. I have been in the same rental for 11 years and  I have never received anything but 5 star service.  Maintenance requests are handled in a timely manner and Rondee and Sue have  always been nothing but professional.  I will continue to  recommend them to  my friends and family.
1 This company treated me very bad. From day one through the end of my lease I was harassed.  Petty charges with no resolution are practices they enjoy. So glad the lease is over and that I never have to deal with staff at prs..every review I also experienced and can't believe they can continue to do business this way. From now on I will look at yelp..bbb the complaint section not just rating..google..and yahoo. Prs will scam you treat you badly all while stealing your hard earned money..don't do it go somewhere where you have a voice and people that care...my rent was on time even when I had to pay hotel fees because I had no air and no workable tubs..
