5 I actually met the owner at other local family owned restaurant, who gave me a tour of his flower shop. A huge freezer room and huge place full of gifts and flowers. It's very nice to see some local family owned business doing well and still giving back to the local community.   Support local businesses is one thing, offering quality products and services is another. They put those two together very well. I would not have second thought when I order the flower from local shop. They even have online store that you can place order from pretty much anywhere in Arizona or even out of state. They will take care of you! I have never heard about flower happy hour and free flower on Fridays. They have coupon for that at http://www.smartlocalshoppers.com/store/view/promotions/1055/  After all, they really know how to communicate with local community. Many local businesses I met are already their customers. It's a small world, but Bobbie's flowers and gift shop makes it a wonderful world.  I totally recommend!
5 The store has a huge variety of gift items, knick-knacks and artistic vases.  I could have easily spent my entire Christmas budget.  The flowers are high quality and beautifully arranged.  I picked out a vase and simply asked them to fill it with a vague idea about color.  What came back was stunning, unique and affordable.  About a week later I called in an order for balloons and a teddy bear to be delivered to a local hospital ICU.  They took it upon themselves to call the hospital to be sure that what they were sending would fit the guideline of the ICU.  I really can't rave enough about these guys.  Megan and Jim are wonderful people. Be sure you meet Bart when you drop in - he likes his ears scratched.
5 Bobbie's flowers are beautiful! His arrangements breathtaking! I'm so pleased. Recommend them to everyone!
5 Jim and his staff do an outstanding job serving their clients and have done so for years! Please stay away from the internet flower companies unless  you want the likely chance the order will get screwed up ruining that special occasion. Bobbie's is here in town and will do what they say and deliver FRESH BEAUTIFUL flowers and gifts!
5 They made a perfect flower arrangement for my wife and delivered it within six hours after I ordered it.  Every flower was flawless and she was thrilled with arrangement.  They lasted about  5 days before starting to wilt noticeably.
5 Very nice over the phone, asked me questions so I'd get exactly what I wanted, and delivered same day.   Ordered an arrangement of a dozen pink roses, and they were nice. She was WOW-ed by the results... Win!
5 I am in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend and wanted to have flowers delivered to her. I make a call to this shop inquiring a particular bouquet I was interested in after seeing it on their website. The young lady who answered was very welcoming and they helped me each step of the way as I decided what flowers I wanted to go with. I would strongly recommend this shop for their friendly and quality service.   I spoke to Paula. She'll take very good care of you.
5 Amazing locally owned flower shop that supports the local community. Try these guys before 1-800-Flowers. BTW They aren't just local they are GOOD!
5 Awesome florist! I browsed their selection of flower arrangements on their website and found the perfect one for my girlfriend: the Be Happy Boquet (Bright yellow roses in a big smiley coffee mug). I called and ordered, great service and was able to pay instore when I picked up my order. When I arrived, I also wanted to get some single flowers. They helped me look and let me find what I wanted. Great service, great flowers, and my girlfriend LOVED them!  They are located in the same plaza as the dentist office, in case you miss the sign.
5 Very helpful florist! I live in PA and ordered flowers for a friend in AZ. Jimmy was very helpful and went above and beyond delivering the flowers to her, even making an extra trip. My friend sent me a pic- and the arrangement was exactly as I requested. Beautiful flowers. Highly recommend them.
5 I normally don't give 5 star reviews, but I'd hate to break this streak.  I'm from Chicago and I decided to look on Yelp for at least a 4 star florist in Tempe, AZ (for my best friend), checked this website and called and asked for a birthday arrangement similar to the one I'd seen on the florist's website. The florist actually consulted with me on the right arrangement (I'd been disappointed before with other national competitors). My best friend sent me a picture. OMG! So worth it and the memory!   Thank you!!!
5 Love this place!  I didn't even know about them until my dentist moved in next door.  I went after an appointment and had fun browsing the vases and trinkets they have at the front of the store.  I've been many times since.  My favorite way is to stop by with a budget and a vase and let them get creative!  I have some cute vases and can never seem to make great arrangements in them on my own.  But Bobbie's does a great job and I leave feeling like I got a great deal every time.  The flowers are fresh and the arrangements last!
5 FIVE STARS BASED ON THEIR EXTRAORDINARY & FRIENDLY CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Every business is successful, first and foremost, by their customer service. Agree?  I stopped in Bobbies Flowers - since it is right next to my dentist - and is in my hood. I believe in supporting local businesses. I wanted to know what was different about this florist and how they were able to survive this obscure location.  It is all about CUSTOMER SERVICE! If you read the other reviews, it is plain as can be - Bobbies does a fantastic job with flowers, but I just wanted to see what kind of reception a first-timer off the street would get. They were friendly, helpful, and made me feel like I was an important client. Cute gift and flower displays too.  Bobbies Flowers is definitely a local business that should be supported. I will. Will you?
5 My interaction with Bobbie's was minimal, but great.  With Mother's Day coming up, I wanted to send my Mom who lives in Phoenix some flowers.  I came to Yelp, searched for a florist with good reviews, and found Bobbie's.  I investigated their website and really liked that they showed which arrangements came from Teleflora.  After browsing their website I found a bouquet and placed an order.  Simple, easy, and I could do it at an hour that things weren't open on the west coast.    The next day (as requested) the flowers showed up at my Mom's office.  The flowers made her very happy.  The pictures she took look pretty similar to what I ordered and she was very happy with them.  All the ladies at her office were impressed with the arrangement.  My Mom's biggest compliment was that the flowers smell good and seem to be very fresh.  I'd definitely recommend Bobbie's if you need to surprise someone with some flowers!
5 My family has used Bobbies for years! Always friendly, dependable service! Flowers are always fresh and beautiful! I give this family owned business an A++
5 Bobbie's Flowers is an amazing flower shop and I couldn't have been more pleased with working with them.  We live in Southern California, but needed to send flowers for a family member who passed in Phoenix.  Only one family member from us was able to attend the ceremony and was only going to be in town for a couple of hours, so we needed help in having a beautiful arrangement sent and we are so happy we chose Bobbie's flowers!    First off, ordering was so easy!  I looked at their online shop, then called and told them what I was looking for.  I gave them our loved one's favorite colors, the banner message and Bobbie's Flowers executed all of our requests impeccably!  It's always a little nerve racking ordering flowers hundreds of miles away, but after speaking with them, I really trusted that they cared about the display as much as I did.  Their prices are incredibly reasonable, especially when you see how high quality their work is.  Our family member who attended is a high end interior designer and is constantly dealing with fresh flower dealers and she was incredibly impressed with the piece Bobbie's Flowers put together.  She told us the flowers were very fresh and were displayed beautifully!   Bobbie's Flowers made a great impression on us and those who attended the memorial and I highly recommend them.  Whether you're from Tempe or an out-of-towner, you can trust Bobbie's Flowers to treat an arrangement for your friends or family, like it was their own.
5 I love supporting local small businesses--especially when the owners and employees take the time set themselves apart.  Bobbie's Flowers does just that.  I have ordered online several times, but my most recent order needed to be delivered within hours to Gilbert Hospital.  Although the delivery truck already made the Gilbert deliveries, they made a special trip to Mercy Gilbert Hospital so that my friend would have flowers when she got out of surgery.   Arrangements are beautiful, customer service is top notch, there is not much more you can ask for from a local business.   Keep up the good work!
5 Went her for my wife's birthday.....first one as a married couple....so I wanted the flowers to be awesome...and they were!!  Bobbie was very nice, and he personally took me into the fridge to pick out the exact flowers I wanted. They were delivered Tuesday, and they still look great Friday!   They also send an email confirmation when the flowers are delivered. He got them there right on time, no problems when asked to have them there before 2.   Will always use Bobbie's Flowers from now on.
1 This second review is really unfortunate for me to have to post. I ordered flowers about a week ago via the internet directly from their website for Vday. Just today I guess they decided to process my order. I requested that they please deliver them before 2 pm (as my wife gets off at 2). Last time I ordered in store from the owner, and he had no problem getting them there before 2 pm. This time I was called and told they could not guarantee it, unless I paid another $25. I'm already paying outrages prices just to deliver flowers on this day, I'm not adding $25 on top of it. Especially pre-ordering weeks in advance. As I did with Sherri Berries and there was not extra charge. Sad to say, I cancelled my order and will take my business elsewhere.
5 If you want the most pleasant buying experience, if you want the most beautiful perfect flower arrangement even better than pictured, if you want the flowers to be delivered by a driver who is all smiles, if you want no stress and the delivery of your flowers to make the recipient ecstatic with joy then go to Bobbie's Flowers & Gift Shop in Tempe, Arizona.     I live in Manhattan and I needed to send flowers to Scottsdale.  I searched all afternoon through reviews for national companies and then local flower companies in Scottsdale.   It was just an afternoon of going through horror stories of these poor people who paid money and put their trust in these companies who did not come through and send the right flowers at the right time, etc.  Then I thought maybe I can find a local company in another town.  And thank goodness I decided to look in Tempe because that's when I found Bobbie's Flower & Gift Shop.  And all the reviews were GREAT!  But I didn't realize how wonderful the whole experience would be.  Everyone I spoke to on the phone at Bobbie's could not have been kinder, sweeter or more helpful.    My family who received the flowers said they were magnificent and they sent photos back to us they were so happy with this beautiful arrangement.     And I loved the video tour of the store they uploaded on their website.  The store is so adorable!!  A great experience.
3 Good service, very helpful... Holy expensive batman! I'm willing to pay a little more to support local business but this seems excessive. I know they'll be better than the Internet flowers but for more than twice the price... Not that much better!
5 Bobbie's never fails!! Best florist in town. The prices are great, service is excellent and most importantly the quality and presentation of their bouquets is amazing. 5 out of 5 every time!!!
1 I received an email from the owner schooling me on why flowers are expensive on Valentines Day...um....No duh!? That was not my point. My point was that I ordered them in advance, and then my order was not processed for over a week. Then I received a call informing me of the $25. I should have been made aware before hand.   Also,  if you want to keep calling websites "BOGUS" and claim that with you we get quality, you have to deliver quality on every level. From website, to ordering, to responding to unhappy customers. When these BOGUS websites have screwed up an order, they have always fixed it with no questions asked. They also inform me of delivery times and fees up front. I am all for local, so don't get me wrong. I was really happy when I found your shop, but now you have left a sour taste in my mouth.
5 I found Bobbie's flowers on Yelp and saw that they had great reviews.  They did not disappoint!  I called the day before I needed the flowers delivered, on Mother's Day weekend and they came through.  My mom said it is the most spectacular arrangement she has ever received.  Beautiful colors, beautiful healthy flowers and lovely arranging.  Next time I need flowers for her, I am calling them again.  She thought they cost twice as much as they did.  Job well done Bobbies!
5 I've never bought flowers before but special occasions demanded it.  I dropped in and the staff helped me articulate what I wanted and showed me beautiful arrangements in the cooler.  I picked up my order last week and not only does my wife love them, everybody who has seen the flowers has commented on the high quality.  Thanks Bobbies flowers!
5 Really great service. Helpful staff!  I believe I spoke to Karen when sending a thank-you arrangement to a friend.  Forget the flower services and go directly to a local florist. She was able to customize my bouquet taking an arrangement that I liked from the website, with the vase and ribbon from another and making it beautiful. My friend was thrilled.  The $10 delivery charge is kind of a bummer (why not just discount flowers if they are picked up, rather than throwing in a "hidden" fee?) It didn't take away from the whole experience though, and I would certainly use Bobbie's again.  Confirmation invoice email and a delivery confirmation email was provided - so awesome.  FLOWERS were stunning!
