1 A couple Saturdays ago, went with my mom to get my name added to her accounts should the unthinkable happen. We first went to Chase which took all of ten minutes. The personal banker was great - in-out-done.  Then we headed to her Credit Union at approximately 10:00 AM. They were quite busy, apparently. When we checked in, I heard grumbling from other customers and asked the wait time.  I was told there were two people ahead of us in line and it "shouldn't be long."  30 minutes later, my mom went to ask how much longer it would take. Jennfer, who was manning the reception desk, dismissed her rudely in front of a lobby of customers. My mom is as sweet as tea in Tennesee, so to hear her called out in front of a lobby of people as a disruption was upsetting.  45 minutes later, I went up to ask if it would be much longer. Jennifer said curtly, "We're busy." Apparently, on Saturdays, they're busy and one should avoid transacting business there on the weekend. I don't recall being spoken to so rudely at even a fast food restaurant in recent years...  Another ten minutes or so went by (as did my deadline to make another appointment I had made), I was told it would be "two more minutes", as I had to go through their background check to be a member. They were having a difficult time with my Washington Driver License and the weird characters it has (an asterisk in part of the number). After all was said and done, over an hour later, I was approved to be a member and was successfully put as a signer on my mom's account.  I asked for Jennifer's card, as I told her I was not happy with the way she had spoken to me or my mother, and I intended to speak with her manager.  To that I received a reply she did not have one. The woman sitting next to her informed me she was the assistant manager and that they were busy on Saturdays. My biggest beef was this: If it was going to be an hour to speak with someone, tell me. I can make other arrangements or come in during the week. Being told first, "It shouldn't be long," and then, "We're busy" is not an excuse. If the business is so overwhelming on Saturdays, perhaps it would be wise to staff more people, extend the hours, or inform people of the wait they're likely to experience because of the queue. Or don't open on Saturdays!  As a 20 year veteran of the service industry, I am very disappointed at the level of service Arizona Federal Credit Union provided my mom and me, but also all the other people I watched be dismissed like the Credit Union was doing them a favor. After doing some searching for a new home for mom's money, she can get a much better rate at a (four letter word forthcoming) BANK!  I'm normally a big fan of member-owned institutions, but based on the incredibly rude serviced I received from Arizona Federal Credit Union, I'd say go to a Credit Union or Bank where the employees actually read the mission statement that is painted on the wall behind them.
5 If your tired of being treated as an account number at your bank, you'll love Arizona Federal Credit Union.  The employees are friendly and helpful, and the President is responsive.
4 I was visiting my parents in Arizona over Christmas and received a few checks I wanted to deposit.  I bank with a credit union up in Washington and a search told me this was a credit union service center and would accept my deposits.  I came here probably 2-3 times in a two week period to deposit checks.  The tellers were always very friendly (I used the same one twice) and knew exactly how to do the transaction.  My only issue was one time I came there was a HUGE line to see a teller.  The line was out of their line-up area thing and it took probably 20 minutes of waiting.
1 be warned!!!   from my experience if you bank with arizona federal you are opening yourself up to losing your money, potential identity theft, and many days full of frustration while you "become one of them".    * outdated technology- hard to find information on their website and limited self service capabilities * contacting a live person will take up to 5 minutes! * fees applied incorrectly and excessively by arizona federal * problems can only occur from monday - saturday 9 am to 3pm * criminals welcome to take all the customer's money in the evenings and during the weekends * rude customer service agents that do not respect "members" * "be one of us" brainwashing slogan should really say, "if you are stupid, rude, and like other people stealing your money and being blamed for it, then join arizona federal and "be one of us!"
