5 Have you ever found a mechanic who you can trust?  Yes, it's hard and they don't exist at dealerships.  Randy and his boys are amazing.  We will only take our vehicles to them.  They are honest and reasonable.  If something isn't right, they will figure it out.  They are hard workers and we love them :)  We've recommended them to several friends who are also happy with their services.  Thanks Johnson Automotive!
5 I took my Jeep to this shop and within a few minutes they found the problem. What other shops could not find, Johnson Automotive found it. You see my vehicle shakes when going 45-50 mph. Pep boys and two other places could not figure out the problem. Johnson Automotive said it was the tire. Though the tire looked good but was bad for our Jeep. So we changed out the tire and Walla problem solved. No more shaking. Thank you Johnson Automotive.
5 I took my Jeep to this shop and within a few minutes they found the problem. What other shops could not find Johnson Automotive found it. You see my vehicle shakes when going 45-50 mph. Pep boys and two other places could figure out the problem. Johnson Automotive said it was the tire. Though the tire looked good but was bad for our Jeep. So we changed out the tire and Walla problem solved. No more shaking. Thank you Johnson Automotive.
5 I took my 2002 Dodge Dakota here for a coolant flush. These guys do it right and at a great price! Great little family run shop thats been around for 20+ years. I'm happy to support places like these that do the job right, not some rip off chain that has no idea what they are doing. These guys are definitely my new family mechanic..... You won't be disappointed!
5 I brought my 2004 For Ranger to this shop after reading some reviews on Yelp. The 5 star rating holds true. I took my truck in for an oil change and a tire rotation, which cost $27. They also looked at my spark plugs, which I didn't have the funds to replace. But they took pictures of the spark plugs (because I dropped the truck off) and showed me why they need replaced.   The shop is also family owned, with the mom running the front and the dad and son in back working on the vehicles.  I will be going back.
5 I recently took a project car to Johnson Automotive that my son and I are working on together. I learned about Johnson Automotive through Yelp and couldn't have been happier with the experience!   First, as a small town country boy from Kentucky, I was thrilled to see a family run business close by. From Mr. Johnson himself, to his wife, and sons, everyone was courteous, professional, and knowledgeable. A great laid back atmosphere and easy going people, my kind of place for sure!  Not only did they complete what I had asked of them but went above and beyond my expectations. Mr. Johnson (aka Randy) is extremely knowledgeable with what I would imagine to be anything mechanical! You can tell that not only does he enjoy what he does for a living but is extremely good at it as well!   I had purchased an aftermarket exhaust system on EBay that, unfortunately, didn't fit as the seller had promised. Randy didn't bat an eye and found a way to make it work for me and, in turn, save me a lot of headaches in dealing with the online seller to replace the exhaust. After seeing what a great job they did with the exhaust and a few other odds and ends, I asked Randy to take a look at the A/C that hadn't worked in over a year. To my amazement, I got a phone call within about an hour saying my A/C was fixed and blowing ICE COLD!   I will definitely be back to visit the Johnson Family for more work on my vehicles, and soon! I am very relieved to have found an honest, trustworthy, and reliable mechanic. I would not hesitate to recommend Johnson Automotive to anyone, regardless of location in the valley!
