5 The owners are so nice, and I dig cheeky retro garb for the house. They have a huge selection of vintage furniture and vintage-looking stuff. If you're a greaser/rockabilly/tattoo fiend, you definitely need to check this place out.   They also have apparel and accessories made by LOCALS, which is so refreshing. You must get yourself some Lila-Jo and Lucky 11 gear.
5 i first heard about this place when my BF at the time gave me these gorgeous day of the dead skull barrettes for christmas. they were really very nicely detailed and so unique i demanded he tell me where he purchased them.   it took me almost a year to check out Go Kat Go for myself, which, unfortunately, was 1. on my lunch break and 2. in a hurried attempt to find a gift for someone else.  there is so much stuff packed into this medium-sized store i felt overwhelmed. my random and exasperated-yet-impressed walking about was clearly obvious to the owner, who asked me if i needed help three times.   since i had no idea what i wanted - a calendar of traditional mexican art? a coffee table book on luche libres? a shirt of the virgen de guadalupe? tiki glass set? a car freshener that looks like a steak and smells like BBQ meat? a skull and crossbones makeup travel case? custom and locally-made hair bows and flowers? -  on the third offer i took her up, attempting to explain what my friend liked. oddly enough, she laughed, "we have so much stuff here, even i lose track." so we scoured her shop together, lifting up items for approval/opinion from the other.   after 25 minutes, i had, on the front counter, a "maybe" pile, a "definitely" pile and a "for myself" pile. my friend LOVED her gifts and i drove away with an awesome St. Otto, the Patron Saint of Parking Spaces air freshener hanging from my rear view mirror. the owner was a doll and i can't wait to come back when i have more time and to look for cool stuff for me.
4 This review is just for the online version of the shop.  Sometimes I am weird. I find myself entranced by such wonders as Pop Ink's Cannibal Kingdom plate set. Yes, I developed an obsessive desire to own a set of plates featuring happy cartoon pig farmers and squirrel housewives holding large hunks of meat, links of sausages around their shoulders, and smiles ablaze. It's too deliciously twisted for me not to love. And Go Kat Go had them. Expensive, yes, but they had them, when few places still do and my obsession had reached it's almost too late to be fulfilled apex. But Go Kat Go came to my rescue to ensure I will not have to settle for the napkin versions that would no doubt have lasted about a week and then left me empty inside once more.   Yeah. So that problem solved. For those of you who are not me, this is a store that caters to the kooky and unique and offers us a place to, if not actually be creative, to purchase our creativity, which ain't half bad if like me, you can manage little more than stick figures and lopsided sewing.  They were a little slow to process the order, but there are only two people working the operation and they responded to my email query about status the next day.
4 All thou who are not Rockabilly-give thy place a chance-thy rocketh.  I was wary. All this west coast bullshit of rockabilly was boring me. Betty Page, black hair, tattoos, Tiki stuff, skulls, Coop drawings-hey does anyone remember the 50s actually weren't a good time for civil rights and the Pin-Ups weren't a joke but a realization of the sexist subjugation of women? BUT-this place took me surprise. This place (and I lower my cat eye glasses in honour) has CLASS.  From the first energy efficient tooth-shaped lamp, to the local screen printed hoodies, to the local zines and jewelry-this place rocks far harder than I was ready to give it credit.  First of all, this place is where you go when you graduate from Urban Outfitters snarkiness and want some goddamn quality. Retro and vintage sit side by side and don't apologize. I mean, you can really get both genders (and those devish-inbetweeners) tons of gifts here, no matter who they are, and they will love it, those little minxes.  The talent in display astounded me. The prices were beyond reasonable for an independent local gift shop. The owners and employees were cute, nice, and funny. I got my now favourite garbage can decorated with grass for 5 bucks adn my pal got a stack of vintage porn paperbacks and we both couldn't believe how much we enjoyed this huge space.  Fuck Hot Topic. Fuck Urban Outftters.  Rev up your hot rod and kick it at Go-Kat-Go!
4 Am I cool enough for Go Kat Go? Am I worthy of the tiki bar? Am I worthy of the vast coaster selection? As a non smoker, could I use the trendy ash trays that say things like "Jesus Doesn't Like When You Smoke"? And Betty Paige? WTF? I like Betty Boop. Does that seperate the gays from the straighties? Lots of trendy t shirts and an assortment of cool hats. I have to say, this is a place I could wander around for hours. Sale aside, prices are not cheap. But approachable. This is a HIP place to gift shop. Or waste away your paycheck on things you know you don't need. But want. Go Kat Go? Yes, Go! Go! Go!
4 They have pomade...serious greaser pomade...how cool is that?  I own a purple couch. It is a huge sectional with no arms and a low back...not that comfy but jesus is it vintage. I bought it at Go-Kat-Go. The woman who I think owns the place actually helped me load it into my truck. This place is cool, their products are always changing, and the staff is super helpful and friendly. I never feel like I need to be cool enough to shop there.  They have those kitschy jesus statues and virgin mary candles that I have a strange love of in bulk.   They are more rock-a-billy than you will ever know.
5 Cool store!  Support local business!
4 I love the tiki! It's super-cool to see art for sale by people you know. AWESOME T-shirt collection! I don't like the parking lot.  One-way. The people who work here rock!  Miss Amy makes cupcakes for their events.  She's cool.
5 I. Love. This. Place. :)  I spent a good amount of money there, but on a wide variety of items:  *foot-long wooden leaf ashtray with green-painted porcelain veneer *5-inch-long black cigarette holder(with rhinestone studs!) *square, metal, yellow-and-black subway-style wall clock *ADORABLE 19th century re-print (cartoon) of 2 cats(caption: "Isn't it nice to be in love?') *vintage 60's/70's(hard to tell because the style is so classic) floor-length, cream-colored, scoop-back, sleeveless gown(only $25!) *vintage black negligee with lace bra cups($8!)  also--on the counter, they have a basket FULL of vintage airline and hotel matchbooks for 50 cents each...that's what I call 5 different kinds of AWESOME :p  and...I'm sure there was more, but...wow! I have to go back to soak in the rest of the store--it's fascinating :)
5 Go-Kat-Go is the coolest indie shop in all of Phoenix, bar none! Whether you're rock-a-billy, goth, alternative, coolster, hipster, kustom karster or just downright curious, this emporium of oddities is the place to go for all your vintage, kustom, clothing and décor needs.  Nestled in a very up-and-coming plaza on north 7th street (next to Ticoz), these guys are the best shop owners I've ever met.  They're sincere, helpful and always have something for me to spend my money on.    Go-Kat-Go is my one-stop weekend ritual when I need a little judgah-budgeah, bric-a-brac, a new hat or t-shirt, or I'm just in the mood to feel welcome amongst like-minded folk.  Brandy and Miss Amy are always good for some straight-up, low-down convo.  The store just feels like home.    They supply  the best indie hair pomades, waxes and workings to make my coiff rock.  Also check out the oh-so-fun and mysterious $4 grab bags -- always good for a cheap thrill!  I can't say enough good things about these guys.  If you're gonna drop a buck in Phoenix -- DO IT HERE!
3 I was hoping for more actual 50s stuff, but the repros aren't bad and it's good for about 16 minutes of browsing. [not 15, not 20--about 16] But then again, I like real vintage stuff, so....but if you have a 50s theme party they do have lots of party doodads.
5 I LOVE THIS PLACE!  The coolest place to shop in the Valley.  Very Rockabilly centric which is waaaay cool by me.  And thank's to Thomas I was able to buy me some "Jesus hates it when you smoke" ashtrays!  Don't walk but run to this place!!!
2 This store does not compare to the other vintages shops on 7th Avenue. I just hate when a "vintage" shop incorporates so many new items into their inventory and still consider themselves a vintage shop. Plus, I hate when looking through vintage t-shirts 85% of the labels have been cut out. They make darn good reproductions nowa days.    I guess they did have a lot of good ash trays. I just think its more fun to treasure hunt. Vintage shopping is all about the treasure hunting. And not by any means am i saying Go-Kat-Go is just automatically full of treasures, i just think it looks like it is but then you notice there is nothing special about it and so much os if t reproduction stuff.
5 Great mix of vintage, and new retro/kitchy items with a rockabilly meets tiki meets kustom flair.  A great place to pick up gifts for the hard to please, a unique flourish for your IKEA dominated home, not to mention some funky clothing.  Their inventory continuously changes, so if nothing catches your fancy one visit, be sure to check in again.  A big plus is the fact that it is a locally owned small business featuring artwork and clothing by local artists and designers.
3 I had to wait until noon for the store to open, but the saleslady was extremely nice.  It's very clean inside.  I looked around at everything, but I don't think it's got much for me.  Tons of rocker, skulls, California type stuff along with a mixture of Hawaiian culture and tiki glasses.  Just not for me.
3 I perused this place yesterday after having a nightmare experience at Curiouser & Curiouser.  I've calmed down and can review it more objectively now.    The store is one large open room, and the inventory is displayed nicely.  There's lots of room to walk through and easily look at everything.  Some of the items are a bit more pricey, but they do have some inexpensive items, as well.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly.  Their inventory wasn't quite as large and varied as I would have liked it to be, however.
3 I liked this place. Very friendly person at the counter, very cool stuff. A bit pricey for what it was. The shirts were a little bland and way overpriced, I would definitely hit Buffalo Exchange for clothes and Qcumber is more my style for vintage. But Rockabilly was definitely the style this place projected and there were definitely some cool finds here.
5 I'm not sure why it has taken me so long to actually go inside Go-Kat-Go, but I finally did and loved it!  This store is filled with all sorts of great retro Hawaiian treasures along with a plethora of other gems.  We've got locally designed clothing in one corner, awesome furniture in another, tons of handmade accessories in the middle and bunches of fun throughout!  It was really hard not to pick up everything in this store and buy it.  The owner was really nice and offered to hold our stuff while we shopped.  I ended up walking out of there with an awesome Dia de los Muertos pillow that looks amazing on my new couch plus a matching potholder/oven mitt set in a really cool pattern.  I will definitely be back, especially since my other mom's b-day is coming up and she loves this kind of stuff.
4 Sure.  AFTER I move from Melrose, one of my favorite stores moves there.   I needed a new T-shirt and, of course, wanted something different.  Their new location feels roomier than the old one on 7th Street.  A cute calico cat greeted me at the door and followed me to the shirt rack. Their selection of girl t-shirts was small, which is why I took a star away.  But, other than that, they still have all the funky shiznit you'd expect!  I was on my lunch break, so in a hurry, didn't have much time to browse.  I'll be back this weekend to buy Xmas presents.  For mySELF! ;}
4 I went here not knowing what to expect. I didn't know if I would be able to find anything. I was hoping hoping hoping I would find a little treasure.   When I walked in i was warmly greeted.   I ended up buying a few roadrunners because I collect them. Ok I bought like 5.   The woman was very friendly and she even gave me suggestions for other stores.   Unfortunately I did not see any Jesus hates it when you smoke ashtrays because I definitely would have bought one.
5 I finally got an opportunity to check out Go-Kat-Go's new location in the Melrose District, and I must say I'm impressed.  While it doesn't look like they have fully 'moved in' yet, the new location is bigger, and it looks like the store is expanding  it's furniture inventory, while maintaining it's great selection of great vintage and kitschy clothes and home accessories.  They are a welcome addition to the M7 strip, and will only enhance the neighborhood's draw as a great place for treasure seekers.
4 Good rotating selection of mid-century furniture and furnishings... and other random stuff, depending on what day of the week you show up. Keywords vintage, fifties, sixties, rockabilly, mod, classy, retro, unique.
4 what an awesome store: it's got so much cool stuff, the staff is extremely  friendly and helful and it's right next door to retro ranch and two hippies! I'd love to come back here any time, it's the perfect place to find a funky and unique gift for a friend, or special someone. I ended up buying a vintage hello kitty piggy bank and an old timey card. It's a long story but the piggy bank broke on the way home...im sure that if i'd been able to give it to that special someone of mine she'd have loved it. hmmmph oh well. should i decide to work up the courage to buy her another potential gift I would definitely consider coming back to go kat go. Color me a fan!
5 Sweet Jesus....  Dice and Greasy Kulture magazine......Vintage Antiques, Strange Motorcycle Parts, and a whole host of other oddities and an extremely Friendly and happy cat?  What more could you ask for in a place......for me not much else.....the owners are super nice, and we have been in here a few dozen times, it keeps getting better.  If you like the Hot Rod, Rockabilly, 70's Vintage vibe even at all you should check this place out; you won't be dissapointed.
5 Go Kat Go has been a great staple for me throughout the years.  The owner always stocks up on great antiques, vintage wear and great greaser t-shirts.  The highlight of the shop for me is the featured local artists and hand-crafters that peddle their wares there.  Very engaged in their community, Go Kat Go have been known to participate in many art walks, festivals and other local events.  The owners are friendly and helpful, and the overall shopping experience is a very nice one!
5 I love Go Kat Go! They are always friendly, have great items for sale and it just feels great looking through the shop. I got my awesome retro diner style table there. It wasn't an "antique" or original, but it look great and seems as good as new still since almost 2 years ago when I bought it. They even held it for me for almost 2 weeks until I actually was moving into my new home.
5 Need some Lay rite?  This is the place to get it!  I love going in and seeing whats new!  Owners make it even better!  Great store for vintage finds and  great rockabilly gear.
4 I love, love, LOVE the items here. The furniture is the best part - there are lots of great items that I would to love to have in my house, however it is usually too pricey for me.  They have some really cute clothes and they have local artwork which is awesome. The owner and her cats are nice. Overall, fun place to go!
5 Shriner's souvenir chapeau and a mid-century office lamp. Plymouth Fury dealer's advertisement. Suavecito pomade. Cigarette machine. Amazing finds abound--felt a bit like Indiana Jones digging for priceless artifacts.  Another reason to consider renting a place in Phoenix for the winter months. The woman behind the counter (like everyone in Phoenix, it seems) was warm, friendly and had a knack for pointing out the best stuff. Yes, Go, Kat, Go--even if it takes five and a half hours to get there from home!  Didn't see a cat, but would imagine that s/he would be equally informative!
4 Super fun shop! More people need to know about this gem!
5 Everything you need to feel like you opened a time capsule!  Place makes me want to have 5 houses to slather in vintage odds and ends.  The place is very well organized and themed which makes it easy to find items while you're on the hunt.
5 LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this shop and the proprietors Brandi & Christian.  They're such solid folks and always good for a rare find and something stylee!  TheHandsome and I went and visited them today in their new digs at 1504 Grand Ave, Phoenix, AZ (next to Bikini Lounge) and picked up some awesome stuff and a new Jackalope Trading Post t-shirt, (which, I suspect will be uniform of 2013!).  Swing by and see them in their new space and definitely come to for March Art Walk.  It's gonna be jammin'!
5 I had to walk around this store three times because there was so much fun stuff!  I went in looking for some mid century modern furniture and I got and awesome end table for $15!  There was lots of other stuff that I loved, I will absolutely be back! Oh and the guy working there was extremely friendly, another reason to return!
