1 FAIL.
1 Yes, Abu J.. I will elaborate. Just for you.  $6 burger Fail .. you probably cost 35¢ to make and you were cold. Soggy french fries Fail .. How do you F up fries? Srsly. Sprite lacking Co2 Fail .. It is NOT hard to reattach a new tank. Customer Service Fail  .. I don't appreciate being scowled at while handing over money.  And honestly, I never liked this place.. its crap IMO.
2 I wuzn't gonna bother about a Carl's Jr review cos I went there in October in the am (after 6) and got a decent bkfast.    But I saw a tv ad for Jack in the Box, which I used to LOVE in Denver even though everyone HATED it (fuckit they're not my friends anymore) explaining they serve breakfast All Day Long.    So I pull up to this joint 4 am cos I got an early flight, and want some breakfast sandwiches to take wif me to the aeroport.  "NO we don't serve breakfast til 6 am!!!"  Even for drunk people at 3 in the morning (I'm not drunk but if you're open 24 HOURS and bars close at 2am, maybe people WANT a sourdough sausage egg monstrocity).    I ended up going to a Circle K by the airport getting some "tacito" things, Carls' Jr was a real bring down.
4 First time to this one. Love the Low-Carb Burger. Fast and Friendly service. This is the only one that I have been to that has asked if I would like to have Jalapenos with my burger. Very Tasty & I will be back! Drive thru is kind of trippy, as it looks like it starts at the next building over.
4 Hardee's Biscuits!  Hardee's Biscuits!  According to the staff, to their knowledge this is the only Carl's Jr. in AZ that has Hardee's biscuits.  If you've enjoyed those biscuits in other parts of the country, you know what I'm talking about.  Simply the best.  Restaurant was clean and staff were pleasant.  Food was hot and served in a timely manner.  Nice location in a somewhat dumpy area.  Lot of props for the biscuits.  Review is for breakfast meals only.
1 One of the worst quick lunches I've ever had.  I come in and order to someone who literally does not know english, and I speak no spanish.  My order was simple, a #7 no lettuce, and a honey mustard wrap- not lettuce.....guess what LETTUCE on both..amazing...  and, the chicken wrap (took picture) had a piece of chicken the size of a chicken nugget.   On top of the no english, and my order being wrong- they are ketchup nazi's...  they ask if you want ketchup for your fries and burger---they will give you a grand total 2 packets, if you ask for more they look at like your stealing and appear that they are offended you would ask for such a thing......star rating will drop to a 1 star if I poop my pants.......
4 Have to say Carls Jr has one of the best teriyaki burgers for a fast food place! Keeps me coming back for more!
1 What a disaster today.  I have eaten here occasionally over the years and all is as expected.  However today, what a fiasco with one mistake after another.  They first gave my meal tray to another customer and I received theirs.  I attempted to get the hostess attention but she continued on her way.  I walked around trying to find my meal and the other patron had opened my meal before realizing it was wrong.  He accepted his meal from me and I suggested we both have our meals re-cooked to assure piece of mind with no tampering.  He declined but I did bring it to the staffs attention.  They remade my meal but here is problem two, I paid for the Six Dollar burger and what I received was a regular size burger with no apologies or willingness to correct my order again.   As said, Ive been here over the years and today's service was pretty dismal without satisfaction or apology.  I won't be back, simple mistake they failed to correct....very poor customer service!!  You gotta be kidding!!
5 This place is always delicious!!!! I love everything on the menu but my fave has to be the jalapeno cheeseburger, add extra pickles and no onions. It's great. Now they have a large drink for $.69! Can't go wrong! It walking distance from my work so I am happy as can be. All the employees treat you like you are treated at an Applebee's. They certainly take the time to train employees to achieve excellent customer service!
2 Saw a television ad the night before for a Carls Jr. Jim Beam Bourbon burger . . . and boy did that look good . . . so today for lunch we headed out to try one.  Very BIG dissappointment . . . the burger was dry, the bacon was burnt, and the sauce . . . where was it . . . not on my burger.  I was truly looking forward to one juicy messy burger that oozed and dripped goodness all over . . . and this was not the the burger for that.  To finish out the order . . . I had onion rings . . . nice and crispy, but not real hot / warm . . . and a coke . . . which was kinda on the flat side.  Not my idea of a good burger joint for lunch.
4 I love Carl's Jr and Green Burrito. I ate here about a months ago and loved it. I was disappointed that they took out the salsa bar, but there crispy tacos's are delicious, way better than Jack in the box's. Also, I tried a San Diego Burrito with steak, it was delicious, bit on the spicy side, but not too hot. The employees were ok, one was kind of rude, so that's why it doesn't get 5 stars.
3 Took me awhile, but had my first six dollar burger finally. I was drawn in by the Fresh Baked Buns and those buns were very good, but the bottom bun was not as big as the top bun and could not stand up to the toppings it supported. The burger itself was large and pretty tasty since I like my burgers well done and dry. They only serve the fresh buns on the pricey burgers, but It is worth another try, since the buns do make a  bit of a positive difference.
