4 I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw that Country Market had a deli here. I picked up a roast beef sandwich and some potato salad. When I was eating it my friend said it sounded like I was having a mouth orgasm because I moaned after every bite! If  you live in the area and haven't been here yet try the sandwiches they're great.
1 If I could give this place zero stars I would. I live not even a block away from this hell crummy place and will drive out of my way to the circle k. I dislike this gas station for a number of reasons.  1. It smells like death. I have been tempted to call and report the hygiene of this place. I've worked in a deli and it does not just smell like "deli meats and cheese". 2. The employees are rude. They care less if you're standing at the counter for 5 minutes waiting. Never say thank you or hello. Coming from retail I can appreciate when someone goes out of their way to be friendly.  3. They're products are expired and overpriced. Went to buy some v8 and it was almost a year over expiration.  4. They sell cut in half 30 packs of beer as "15 packs" I'm pretty sure this can't be legal. Honestly, if I didn't hate this place so much I wouldn't care.  5. There hours are inconsistent. They don't have posted hours and they open and close and random hours each day. 6. No cash back. This is 2012. 7. They won't do "cash fill up" meaning charge my card until the tank is full. Again. This is 2012. Dont waste your time or energy waiting in line at this dump. Drive an extra block and go to the quick mart at 59th and northern.
3 I love love the sandwiches here! Been goin the last 6 years, one of my favorites is the cranberry Turkey wrap! My son likes the Turkey plus Bacon sub with everything on it, Yummy! Their macaroni salad is good too. The only reason I'm go giving 3 stars is because the customer service is horrible!! Their are two dike looking women with short hair working behind the counter and I used to think I just caught them on a bad day, WRONG! they have the most miserable attitude in the world every single time I'm there.  But how happy can you be making sandwiches all day for living!
5 I'm pretty sure this is the only gas station that I've ever eaten from. This place sells Boars Head and makes delicious sandwiches with Boars Head products.  They also sell a selection of craft beer, it's a small selection but in this neck of the woods, it's hard to find anything of higher quality than Heineken. The gas is usually priced cheaper, it's Sinclair. Those few facts allow me look over the less forgivable qualities. Like the ladies that work her are pretty ornery.  I first discovered this place in 2004 when my dad told me about their delicious potato salad they serve with their sandwiches.  From that day to this, the same lady has made the sandwiches.  I've never seen her crack a smile and she seems reluctant to write down your order but still, she makes some damn good sandwiches.  They have a ton of freshly baked goodies and a deli cooler packed with ready to go meals.
