3 Tall soy chai tasted like any other one that I have had at Starbucks. The BFs drip coffee did not taste like it had been there for a decade.... and they had a mug his mom wanted (she collects Starbucks mugs).
4 Great little Starbucks with an awesome drive-thru that usually doesn't have a line. These baristas are always super friendly.
2 SUPER SLOW!!!! If you are in any kind of hurry don't go here.
2 The drive through is soooooo slow. What's up with that?
4 Oh Starbucks how do I love you so, no matter which location I go to, my order comes out the same and always perfect! Its bliss in a cup!   The baristas always friendly and kind!  Yep I will keep coming back.
5 They are always fast, friendly and smiling. Whether you go the drive-thru route or go inside, they are definitely on top of their game. Perfect every time.  I don't venture out of my two favorites very often . . . Vente latte with whole milk or Vente green tea latte with whole milk, no sweetener. Perfect every time.   I have given them a fair chance to mess something up (I have drunk enough Starbucks to have a gold card!), but no, perfect every time.
4 As far as Starbucks go, I usually have good luck with this location. I'm usually able to get through the drive-thru in a few minutes and the products they deliver are consistent and essential to my morning commute. Good customer service and how can you go wrong with a hazelnut latte?
4 Yeah so this Starbucks location is close to work. I come here to grab a Tarragon Chicken Salad sandwich and a coffee. Parking is ok if you come early in the morning before the Habit wakes up. Service is pretty good although the drive-thru window takes priority. Never too crowded - just your usual poser with laptop or ipad hanging out. There's also seating outside. I'm a to-go type so that doesn't matter much. They are consistently quick, never messed up an order and that's what keeps me coming back.
5 I have been coming to this Starbucks for awhile and there is a reason why. I started out with the drive-thru that has always been fast. Even if there are 10 cars in line, I can count on getting my coffee within 5 minutes max. Way awesome for someone like me who is constantly on a busy schedule. I then went inside one morning when I had extra time and the staff was so friendly! Everyone was engaging, they completely made the best coffee ever! And my breakfast I ordered was just the perfect temp to eat right away. The store manager introduced himself to me as Nicholas and has made a point to say hi to me every morning since I've been back, even on drive-thru. I will always come to this Starbucks, even if it's out of my way!
3 This is my local Starbucks-- I enjoy the outdoor seating and banana choco chip bread. Usually the baristas are friendly and during one of my last visits the guy behind the counter even gave me a great suggestion when he saw I was struggling to make up my mind. However, during a routine run yesterday morning, I received the worst Starbucks customer service ever (and I'm including the airport Starbucks in that statement too).  I asked what the Chicken sausage and egg white wrap had in it (besides the obvious) and the flustered barista (there was no one else behind me) replied, "A lot of stuff, I don't know." And just stared. The F? Since it was obvious things weren't going my way, I switched gears and asked for a blonde iced coffee to which he curtly told me "you can't do that, we only make iced coffee one way." Le sigh.   Of course, none of this will stop me from coming again but I wish I'd asked that dude, can't we just all get along?
2 Everyone loves Starbucks, but sadly at this location has terrible customer service. I walked in, no welcome or anything like everyone usually gets. Stood at the counter and the young girl kept waking back and forth, then cleaned out the drain then finally came to the register and said "what would you like?" No how are you or what can I make for you today. Her makeup was completely blacked out eyes, had scars all over her arms and no smile. Definitely wont be returning to this location again. Highly disappointed.
5 Quick, friendly service. They always get your drink right. The location is clean.
5 I love this Starbucks because the people are ALWAYS friendly and very sociable, smiling, and they are fast! I enjoy coming here, whether through the drive-up or walking in and always get treated like more than just a number but like a VIP.   This Starbucks has free wi-fi as well so I know I can bring my laptop here and do what i need to do online (including Yelp reviews) and not get hassled. There are plenty of tables both inside and out and this place is always hopping.
5 chai tea latte hot...is my all time favorite
5 I really enjoy this location! They are very courteous, have never gotten my order wrong, and have a great atmosphere if you want to go in and get your drink. I definitely recommend this location
5 I love it here... Drive Thru is faster than most others and I can have my Venti Iced Quad Skinny Vanilla Latte in my mouth faster....
