5 Turns out, my aura is mostly purple, with some yellow mixed in and a bright red orb in my sexy area....I know this because I have had my aura photo taken here twice. If anyone knows what this means i would be interested to find out if you think it matched my sparkling me-ness.  This place has spiritual books, sage, athames, angel stuff, t-shirts...It's like the gift shop to a non-biased heaven. It is a good spot for any budding spiritualist to get a start and the experienced to get supplies.  I love the aura photos obviously, and they also have tarot readings and chakra alignment classes and whatnot. Plenty of really cool stuff to keep ya in the light...whatever your light may be.
5 I have been going here regularly for about a year. Dave was the first  medium I had ever met. I did a private reading with him and can say that he is the real thing. It gave me a lot of closure. Ray who usually works in the front is very friendly and helpful.   Simia who does tarot readings there is amazing. She seems to know things that she couldn't possibly have known when doing my readings. Very specific and accurate. She's very nice too.   Catherine does palm readings and it was very accurate.   I love the aura photos here. It  comes out on a polaroid film (unlike some other places who use a different type of camera) and is very clear.    Overall a great place.
4 If you like metaphysical shops, this store should hit all the main points. I stopped in one weekend to check out some crystals, and they have a nice, diverse selection of polished stones. This place is great for incense and metaphysical books. Although they advertise tarot cards I didn't see any for sale at the time. One of the staff members was attentive but the other seemed completely out of it and unable to ring up my purchase without a bit of difficulty. Apparently they provide services like aura photography, massage, mehndi and other related services, but there seemed not to be anyone around to actually provide those services. All in all, I'm a fan, but be sure to have a little patience with the staff when you go.
1 I don't know why this place has such high reviews?  I never feel welcomed when I come here. Which is sad being a new age store, I expect good energy. Yet the people who work here are snobbish and rude. When I inquired about reiki classes they just brushed me off and didn't provide any information for me at all...  I only come back for their candles.  So disappointing, I wish they were nicer because then I'd spend more money here. Oh well...
4 A true treasure with a friendly and knowledgeable staff.
1 My friend and I both had a 10 min reading with a guy who reads taro cards with longer hair here. HORRIBLE!! I have had many readings from bad to great. It was weird. Nothing about me. Literally said...what I say is vague and you take what I say and use it to ur own situation...WTF. Only time I wanted to ask for my money back. Not worth the $15... Not worth $1. Go there for the store...NOT the reader. Others may be good...this dude, NO!
5 Everyone here has always been friendly and willing to spend as much time showing you different options no matter what you are looking for. I have had readings and bought other items from the store and it has all been right on. If you want friendly service and to meet great people come here :)
1 Tried to visit The Astrology Store today. Got there at 5:30. They aren't supposed to close until 6, but the doors were locked. Someone saw me there, came and unlocked the door, asked if I was there to "get something." I most likely would have bought something, but didn't have anything specific in mind, so I just said I was going to browse. The guy goes "oh, no," closes the door in my face, and locks it again, guaranteeing I will NEVER be purchasing anything, because I'll never be back.
