3 Ah, Denny's. The only time you visit is after spending an evening drinking since there is nothing else open... or if you want to eat Breakfast but the only thing close to your hotel is Denny's.   My fam and I came here the day of my graduation for a quick bite. This Denny's was the fastest one I have ever been to! We all had to share our food (and had leftovers) because the portions are abnormally large and cheap ($20 for four ppl). I can't imagine any person finishing a full meal by themselves. Even my bf and I shared one breakfast meal, we still felt so gross afterwards. Ah well, that's Denny's for ya! Good, greasy breakfast food.
2 I like the menu for Dennys however this particular Dennys is not that great. Whenever you go in on a week night, they understaff horribly and when we went there on a Friday, we waited 40 minutes for our food and we asked for an appetizer which arrived with our dinner. Also they don't seem to care to much about making sure drinks are filled or getting them to you in a timely manner (15 minute wait for drinks and when we asked for refills, it look longer or we had to ask them for the drinks again!). Sad to say, the manager running this place is pretty sleezy and when we complained to him at the end of our meal about the wait time, he said we should have come to him sooner about the issue. Since this has been the second time in a row this has happened, I doubt we will be going back to this Dennys.
5 This dennys has changed a lot in the past 2 months. It appears a new manager or corporate finally came to visit and cleaned the place up. No more mad waitresses or 50 minute waits for 1 plate of food. Way to go.
4 If you like Denny's, you'll like this one.  Albeit it is JUST off the freeway - but so are a LOT of them around the country (meaning there are times when the place is insanely full and the wait is far more than I am willing to wait for just about ANY restaurant) - and I have eaten at a LOT of them around the country.  But, I live a mile and a half away from this one.  Years back, this place had terrible customer service. Your waiting time to get your food, from the time you were seated, was anywhere from 45 minutes to an hour.  Not anymore.  I continued to go to this Denny's throughout the years just because I am absolutely in LOVE with their slam breakfasts!  I take friends/family to the place and sit at a booth, I go alone and sit at the "bar", either way, I find the service to be acceptable and the food?  Well, I just do the slam type of breakfast there, I really don't go there for anything else.  It's always a eat-til'-the-plate-is-clean experience for me.  ;
2 The food tasted good, but everything else about dinner tonight was awful.   The waitress forgot some of our food and didn't bring my order to me the way I asked. After that, she brought us the check and refilled our drinks, but then we never saw her again. After a while I was thirsty enough that I literally got up, went behind the counter and refilled our drinks myself. No one noticed. After about an hour a new waitress came by and offered refills -- leaving our two empty dirty cups on the table but finally removing the dirty dishes. Over the course of more than two hours we were never asked if we wanted to order anything else. To top it off, two of the stalls in the women's restroom were completely out of toilet paper.
4 Okay...so, 11:30 on a Saturday morning MIGHT not have been the best time to come for breakfast. There were throngs of people in the dining room...yet we managed to walk right in and sit down.  Now, understandably, the service was SLIGHTLY delayed due to the sheer volume of people. But our waitress, Sandy, was consistent and pleasant. Even with all of the hustle and bustle, Sandy was able to keep all three of our drinks full.  Denny's has started to emphasize their "fit and healthy" menu. Now they shout out items that are high in protien, low in calories, low in fat, and high in fiber. My wife got the "Fit Slam", and I opted for the "Fit Omelet". Nutritious AND delicious!
4 I have been to this Denny's many ,many times over the years. It is close and easy to go to. It is your standard Denny's. The coffee is so so , the staff works hard ,and the food is doable. It has always seemed to be very clean,even the restrooms. There is lots of parking in the lot. The place is always packed,at least most times of the day. Except mid afternoon, that is a much calmer time of day here.  Food is very inexspensive so it is always a deal. It is right off the freeway as well, which makes it most convienant for all.
3 the waiting is soo freaking long...but on the upside, what do you expect for a lot of cheap great food?
5 There are numerous reasons for why this review needs to be written & it has everything to do with the night server Kevin. My husband & I both work late night shifts & due to our schedule we both tend to frequent this particular Denny's anytime between 10pm & 2am. Majority of the time over the last year we have become familiar with the servers on this shift, but Kevin in particular. He is always cheerful & extremely attentive every time he helps us, & it has become routine for us to request whatever section he is working because as opposed to being a server we now see him as a friend. Last night my husband & I brought in several of our friends after an evening out for a late meal, & despite them knowing we were familiar with Kevin they could not stop commenting on his great service & happy demeanor. When our meal was done we got in our car & proceeded to drive away. As we were at the light I look over & see Kevin running towards our car sprinting over 4+ lanes of traffic right up to our window! We roll down the window & he hands us a pair of glasses that one of our friends had left in our booth! As you all may know, any server would have just left the glasses at the front desk waiting for whatever patron to call asking for them. I have always appreciated Kevin & his making every experience here awesome, but this really takes it all. He really is an example of not just great customer service, but just being a great person in general.
4 This place is great! I was sick on Christmas day and so my family wasn't getting an extravagant home cooked meal. So we went to Denny's instead and I was very impressed with the service and the food. Our take-away meals were put together great and  they were still very warm when we got home. I ordered the Macho Nacho Burger and was NOT disappointed.  I was very happy that there was a place open so I didn't have to cook.
3 Food was good, the waitress Janelle was one of the best. She was always smiling, did not come over to much or not enough.  The place was clean aswell. What I did not like was howbI could he some employee yelling at another in the background. All and all. I would return.
3 Met the MIL here for a quick bite one evening.  Had to seat ourselves, wait a few minutes to be approached by the one server that was actually working because the other one kept having to run to the bathroom because she was that far in her pregnancy.  I had to get up to get a menu.  Cheesesteak sandwich was okay, but the fries were kinda cold. MIL got the roast dinner which has 3 huge scoops of mashed potatoes and a tiny bit of meat.  Nothing like the picture.
1 Our experience was not great here. Although everyone has different experiences our was bad. Food took 50 minutes. Two tables came and gone by the time we got our food. The waiter came over and apologized and said someone else got our food but that was about it. When we got our food my eggs were not cooked and I didn't get the side I asked for. That's a little annoying for sure but when the bill came it was full price.... not saying they have to comp it or anything but just buy drinks for the inconvenience or something. We were 15 minutes late to our movie and that was the cherry.
