4 It's been an okay place to trust people with your money. Somehow it feels like going back in time a couple of decades and when it comes to banks I'm kind of into that...even if just an illusion.
5 The reasons why I love Arizona Federal Credit Union 1) Local credit union 2) Fast & Friendly Customer Service 3) Never any upselling of items or accounts 4) Never have to wait longer than 6 mins for a teller 5) Can save 10% off my Sprint bill for just being a credit union member  I have been with Arizona Federal Credit Union on and off for about ten years, and regardless if it's a Friday night after 4 or a Tuesday afternoon, I have never had to wait long to be helped!    Proud to be a member!
1 be warned!!!   from my experience if you bank with arizona federal you are opening yourself up to losing your money, potential identity theft, and many days full of frustration while you "become one of them".    * outdated technology- hard to find information on their website and limited self service capabilities * contacting a live person will take up to 5 minutes! * fees applied incorrectly and excessively by arizona federal * problems can only occur from monday - saturday 9 am to 3pm * criminals welcome to take all the customer's money in the evenings and during the weekends * rude customer service agents that do not respect "members" * "be one of us" brainwashing slogan should really say, "if you are stupid, rude, and like other people stealing your money and being blamed for it, then join arizona federal and "be one of us!"
1 Do not become a member of this credit union.  I am trying to negotiate a short sale for a client and instead of taking the $6000 the first lien holder is offering them (AZ Fed is the 2nd lien holder), they have opted to let the first lien holder foreclose and AZ Fed gets nothing.  Shareholders beware!!!!
4 Arizona Federal Credit Union is the best bank in Arizona.  I have been with Wells Fargo, Bank Of America, Comerica, and none of those banks come close to the service and the financial products that Arizona Federal Credit Union has.  Nice work AZ Federal, I am impressed.
