3 A good fast food burger - simple and lots of meat. I always stop by to get one when I am in Arizona!
4 Excellent chocolate shakes, burgers, breakfast honey chicken biscuit, and chicken tenders with the honey BBQ sauce for lunch!!
4 Major points scored by what-a-burger for treating evey customer that walks in the door like a welcomed guest!  The staff are friendly and attentive!  I am a fan of the Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger because it's just the right size for me.
2 This place is seen OUTSIDE of California. On my way to Texas one year I saw tons of these places but failed to get to eat at any of them. Here was my chance during my trip to Arizona. It's a cool looking place with the white and orange colors that light the place up. I ordered the simple items such as the burger and fries. I was hoping they had the spicy ketchup but that's no longer the issue.   The burger here is okay. It's no In-N-Out. A decent burger that gives you what you need. It feeds the hungry. The fries were nice, crispy , and rightly salted. They have their own ketchup here, but nothing beats Heinz ketchup. If you're a fast food lover and have never tried it then come on through. Just don't expect anything mind-blowing.
4 Hahaha.  I've got to take offense to another review.  I was GLAD to see all the lemmings were over at In N Out, as usual.  I'm sorry, but in Texas, we don't need a super secret menu to sell our burgers.  I am glad Whataburger has found it's way to Arizona.  The ONLY thing In N Out has on Whataburger is their fries.  But the burger is bigger and better at Whataburger.  And after my recent visit to this location as well as a visit to In N Out just across I10, my prior experience with both chains holds true.  So take your double double monster animal pony, if you want to feel special.  I'll take a bacon and cheese whataburger any day.  And I won't sound like a tool ordering it.
5 Great food and service... service was quick and food was fresh. My burger was huge and it was a task to finish it off. The dining done is clean and we'll stocked. The oldies playing is a nice touch... in short, Whata-great experience!
5 I was craving a Green chili cheeseburger and remembered this joint. Delicious, especially if you are looking for a old fashion hamburger joint. The green chili was HOT, I loved it. Fries were fresh and came with a big ass drink. I did drive thur, service was fast friendly.
5 It's hard to find a good old fashion hamburger joint today that still has customer service, but this Whataburger is tops on that list. Every time I have either used the drive thru or gone inside to eat, the staff there has always treated me very well. There is one girl that usually works the drive thru that is the nicest person you would ever have serve you and you can tell she truly wants to make sure you have received your order correctly and even if you change your mind at the last minute, she makes sure you feel okay about it.  Oh did I mention the food there is Great too!  Love their Wataburger with lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mayo only, with an order of onion rings! Mmm Delicious!!!
4 Whataburger in Arizona!? Pulling over!!  The food is just great and and easy to customize! I always get the bacon cheese burger with the grilled onions best in the world!! I suggest get the fries with no salt much better :-) Went through the drive through very friendly service :-) The only lil thing was the service was a tad slow but great food worth the wait!! Sodas are great tasting For the kids grilled cheese they love it! So if ur from Texas and can't live with out whataburger hit Arizona in the way to California!!
3 Great burgers! And they have some other interesting combinations as well. I usually get the Honey BBQ Chicken Strip Sandwich. The only reason I give it 3 stars is because it's not in the best part of town and there can be some shady characters that show up.
5 Tastes like home made! I love this place, ever since I moved to Arizona about a year ago, I have gone multiple times. My favorite is the Jalapeno burger. That's if you can take spicy :) The meat is great quality and the fries are awesome!!! My mouth waters when I think of this burgers! The customer service is nice too :)
