2 DQ is DQ..... what else can be said.  All I wanted was a dip cone.  I got my dip cone in a timely manner.  The place was clean, the employees were nice.  I was happy with my cone, but after all..... it is still just a DQ.
5 Friendly service, great food  and always very clean....this is especially impressive since this DQ sits right across the street from a High School and a block from an Elementary School!
4 Mmmm.  Milk butterfat + candy.  The Blizzard is one of the great American inventions.  Nice kids staffing the place, marginally clean store, and they have soft-serve ice cream with peanut butter cups and M&Ms.    I think my pregnant wife would singlehandedly keep them in business.  It's also one of the few things our little girl will offer to spend her own money on if we can go. :o)
2 Not impressed by this place! The whole place is ran by a bunch of teenagers who just dont care. Blizzards are lacking ingredients and not mixed well. Orders get mixed up and you end up with the wrong blizzard. I love DQ but I wont go back here.
4 Thanks to my bestie, I am hooked to death on their chicken strip basket that comes with a mini sundae of your choice!  In fact, just typing this is making me hanker for it.    This is the only DQ close by to my area unfortunately, but it is a big one and very nice.    I must say though, I have found that the younger kids working here seem to hate having t make the DQ trademark coil when they pump out your ice cream.  Not cool!  :-)
5 Just got here. The nice lady took my order and out the door I went with a fantastic peanut buster parfait! Clean, fast, super nice people. 5 star!
4 I must say this is a very clean and friendly Dairy Queen. I will be back for sure. This beats the one I went to in Neepawa, Manitoba. Someone obviously had cheesesticks and a diet coke and literally sprayed the bathroom walls. I nearly passed out.
3 I was stoked to visit a Dairy Queen since they don't have one where I live in LA but I was bummed when I ordered the cookie dough blizzard and the vanilla ice cream tasted like fat free frozen yogurt from the 90s. Not a true vanilla taste, but I'd go back to try something else.
2 Ordered a blizzard at the drive thru. They put lids in everything at this location and put the entire order in a bag, so you don't see your ice cream until you have left the window. My blizzard was underfilled, and runny, and not what I ordered.
4 Very clean and well run. Food was cooked to perfection and very tasty. I recommend this DQ and the bathroom was clean as well. I take this as a sign as to some of the places I've eaten at up north in Neepawa.
