4 About two weeks ago we stopped in to check things out. We had not had a contract for well over a year and they were always trying to get us to reup.   You walk in and have to sign in and wait. It is amazing to me that so many folks want phones what seems to be 24 hours a day, these places are always busy.   Our turn comes up and Santiago is the young man who got us. We talked about a few Blackberries and he was calm and helpful with explanations on the two we were considering. So I decided on the Storm and Gus got an LG Chocolate with our plan these are free after the rebate. Santiago showed a few cases and other items available of which Gus got a case. He presented these items without being pushy about it.   So during the time I have had my phone I have encountered a few oddities. I would email Santiago and he would get back to me in a decent time frame. I could not get the phone to do a few things and the instructions did not help, his did. Yet still the phone was not doing as expected, but I figured it was me and not the phone since I am not the brightest bulb when it comes to such things.   After exploring my phone I got the feeling it was a reconditioned phone and mentioned this to Santiago and he assured me they do not give out such items. But he did tell me to bring it in if there is a problem and they will exchange it. I thanked him for the nice offer but said I will continue to play with it and see if it is indeed the phone or me.   Well a couple of days ago the phone turned off during a call and I was unable to get it back on. If finally came back on to a white screen with a very small clock in the center running very fast. After about an hour the phone came back to normal. It happened the next morning so this was when I came to the conclusion it was the phone and not me.   I came back to the store and Santiago took me right away and exchanged the phone with no fuss or muss. I also bought a case for it this trip.   I am very pleased with the service and Santiago, a guy who is actually good at his job, BRAVO.
1 Horrible customer service. I have to wait 40 min. To return a charger that doesn't work.
2 Do everything online now as I can't stand to go in this store and deal with the wait. Have had to wait over an hour on numerous occasions.  The last time I called Verizon and they told me I needed to take my phone to the store to have them look at it. I said "I don't want to go to that store because the wait is so long" and he offered to call and see how long the wait was. He told me he called the store and was told there was no wait and to head right over there. I was standing in the store in less than 10 minutes and found that there was a 50 minute wait. Once I got called she told me "we don't have a replacement phone and will have to order one for you". There was no reason I had to go to the store to begin with.  I felt like ringing someones neck by the time I got out of there. NEVER AGAIN.
