5 I can't say enough good things about Dr. Gonzalez! She was trained at the top-rated dental school in the country, and it absolutely shows in her dental practice and expertise! Dr. Gonzalez is kind, gentle, and incredibly knowledgable on every aspect of both routine and cosmetic dentistry. If you live close enough to make Dr. Gonzalez your regular dentist, consider yourself to be very fortunate! Two thumbs up for Aesthetic Dental Health!
5 Dr. Gonzalez is the best dentist in Phoenix! She is kind, gentle, and takes the time to explain everything to her patients. She is very knowledgeable about different treatment options and cutting edge technology. I love going to Aesthetic Dental Health because of the great staff, inviting and warm atmosphere, and because I know I will always receive the best dental care by Dr. Gonzalez and her staff.
5 Dr. Gonzalez is so nice and knowledgeable.  She makes you feel very comfortable, which can't be said for every Dentist!!!
5 Finally, a dentist that is kind, gentle, and a true professional!  I'm so grateful that Dr. Gonzalez and her staff made my daughter's first dental cleaning such a nice experience.   Dr. Gonzalez is great! I love that her clinic is eco-friendly.  Our family loves her clinic.  I recommend her clinic to everyone!
5 Everyone very thorough but down-to-earth and easy to talk to.  Very careful and sensitive to my comfort and peace of mind.  Fun and talkative so the time goes by really fast !!  I feel like Dr. Gonzales is a real person and cares about my needs and concerns and schedule. After taking care of an implant placement that I started in San Diego without any confusion or issues with my previous dentist or records, I knew she was the dentist for me.  I've had so much work done in the past it's just overwhelming and she made it clear and quick and perfect the FIRST time !!  Kaska is amazing at getting everything scheduled perfectly around my work, bill the insurance correctly without me having research & call the insurance people and she got all of my records from my previous dentist AND specialist.    Joelle is so fun and sweet and has TONS of experience that makes me feel so at ease.  I've never had bitewing xrays that were so easy !!!   Love you girls !!!   And Robert performed a gum evaluation and has discussed my future cleaning, my clenching and my flossing in great detail.  Then last week I went back for my cleaning and I've never had such an easy, careful and complete process that didn't hurt one bit!!!  I even got extra dental and health tips that I can really use.  Plus I had one little cavity that Dr. Gonzales filled during her lunch hour so I wouldn't have to miss work and make the hour and a half round trip back before my next cleaning!!  I feel everyone will spend as much time with me as I could possibly need and genuinely cares about me and my health.  What a GREAT team !!!!  Thanks, Michele
