2 As far as I can find this is the biggest, cheapest, semi safe place on the west side. That's why I moved here.  And it's okay I guess. But there's a lota college kids. They don't follow the rules. They drink outside, work on there cars and are loud. Really annoying. Plus cops are always showing up for one reason or another. And be-careful not to run over young kids as they dart in front of your car. Where are the parents? Who the heck knows.
3 This place is decently priced compared to some of the other apartments around here, with out the ghetto feel. There are a lot of student who on occasion get loud and rowdy but that just depends on who you have as your neighbor. The kids that moved in upstairs last month for example enjoy partying and have puke over the railing twice and have not cleaned it up. So there it sits there still both piles continuously baking outside of my apartment door. You would think the grounds keepers would have cleaned it up but I guess its not a high priority. My only other complaint would be that I have lived here a year now and I had trouble with gold gym and had to change my bank info. I have never been even remotely late and have even paid months ahead. I mistakenly paid rent that same week with a check and went to tell the management about my mistake she told me I would never be able to pay with checks again and after almost begging at her own grace the manager told me she would not charge me late fees.  Bottom line is if you can find a house its a better value for your money in this area. You can buy a house cheaper then you can rent an apartment here. If you must settle on an apartment I would still choose this one because its small and on occasion they do drawings and bbqs and things and they are the worst priced out there. Perfect middle of the road apartments.
1 Don't move here. There are much better other places nearby, for similar prices. Also, you get what you pay for. They may offer you a great deal on move-in, but don't be fooled. The places are horribly assembled, the appliances are all OLD and not energy efficient. Management is NOT helpful. Not all units have ceiling fans. Maintenance will not show up when they say they will. And will try to enter some other time, or without permission. Door only comes with ONE lock. a top lock, not a bottom lock. And your neighbors and this area are definitely not safe. When we moved in, we asked if we needed to move out before the year lease was up, could someone take over our lease and replace our names, and they said yes. Well, due to a "change in management" they no longer offer that courtesy, and I am stuck here regardless of my situation if I want to protect my perfect credit, basically unless I am dead or being sent overseas for military. There are NO backyards or patios. The buildings are all mis-matched colors. The dumpsters are DISGUSTING with no covers over them. There are no sidewalks to walk on, no landscaping, but somehow there are LOUD GARDENERS early in the morning every week even though there is nothing to look at. About once a month, there is a person up on the roof doing god knows what, and it sounds like the building is being demolished on both sides of me. There is a karaoke bar down the street and when it plays on Friday and Saturday nights, it is so loud that I can hear everything as if it is playing in my apartment. There is a storage unit on one side, with constant traffic in and out of all hours of the day and night, and a squeaky loud gate that bangs. They will give you a couple days notice before they will come do mandatory "pest control" between 8 am and 5pm during the week. AKA they are notifying you that they will be going through your entire apartment when you are most likely busy and not home. The neighbors are weird. Loud and yell weird things at night, and argue with their significant others out in the street. No washing machines and dryers in the units, you have to walk in the street (because there is no sidewalk) with your laundry down to the laundry room with all these strange people sitting on their porch chairs or working on their cars staring at you. GHETTO GHETTO GHETTO.
