4 So, yeah I do shop at chains...sometimes...this is totally around the corner from my parents...I pop in there all the time...all of the employees are always nice to me...I feel like a regular when I go in...maybe it's because I'm in there like three times a day when I go to Phoenix... :) I love their floral department...super beautiful flowers at an affordable price...plus they have the best clearance!...yeah, they put some of their flowers on clearance if there is a broken stem or something random...and the whole bunch is pretty much in great shape...I bought like a huge amount of flowers that would probably have cost me about $40 for about $10! yup! get outta town!
3 Middle of the road for a Fry's Market Place. It is in my neighborhood, so I use it frequently. I probly would give it 4 stars, if the deli wasn't so horrible. Pre-packaged deli meat and cheese are all that you can really trust... the rest is similar to a cafeteria line at an assisted living facility.  This is the closest supermarket the University of Phoenix Stadium and Jobbing.com Arena, but DO NOT stop for pre-game supplies, for FMP doesn't prepare any speciality items on game day. No special dips, trays, anything. Perhaps a fresh round of "talent upgrades" in the dept.
3 This Fry's is indubitably in da hood!  The parking lot has carts and dodgy cars everywhere,  but it has most of the things that you are looking for.  The service is decent and the prices are hit-or-miss.  I've been spoiled with a brand new Fry's that has a sushi bar, chines kitchen, tortilleria, larger liquor section, gas station, self-serve check-out lanes, and no homeless individuals begging for your money as you unload groceries into your car.    So, it makes this Fry's seem a bit outdated and ghetto in comparison.  But, it does have most of the necessities.
3 Famous low prices? I guess if you are a 1 stop shopper, Fry's is not bad. But if you shop around, I find myself buying very little from any Fry's. Produce can often be cheaper at other supermarkets. Alcohol I can get a better selection or price at specialty stores. Mainly we go in to Fry's for: Ice, impromptu ice cream runs, and either processed food or nonfood items.  This store is a value Fry's. Which means that you will have trouble finding some items. The prices do seem lower on produce (compared to, for example the location on 91st and Olive) but the selection and setup is different. Some people have called it ghetto which I guess fits.  The registers at this store are generally fast and a few of the employees are particularly friendly. Overall, this is "exactly what you'd expect" from a supermarket. I grew up with Kroger and can that, for the most part, the chain is the same everywhere you go. The best I can say is that if you have the time, it may be worth looking at flyers for multiple stores in the valley. The slogan does not seem to fit.
