3 I lived there for a year, and had no issues.  The grounds are pretty nice, and the office staff were always friendly towards me.  I have read reviews about them being rude or items never being fixed...I never had any issues.  There were times I needed things fixed, and it was done quickly.  I think if you pay your rent on time...it makes a huge difference in your perception of the office staff being nice or not.  Just sayin.. I had no issues in the move out either.  I got my deposits back in full, and had NO issues.  I actually was not expecting anything back, because I had read in other reviews that there is n way people get there deposits back.  I was pleasantly shocked when my deposit  check arrived in the mail. I would say...if you can not committ to a lease....dont stay here.  I had to move before my lease was up...and ended up paying two rents for several months.  there is no wiggle room for getting out of your lease, unless you have military orders...(or you die).  :-) I loved my garden tub, and would suggest this to anyone who wants a nice apaprtment with some extras included...for a reasonable price.
3 My mother recently moved from a huge home down to a 2 rm apartment with my brother and I was really skeptical about this place.  However, It is very nice, decent landscaping, and fair amenities.  At the time we came one gym was out of order and the grounds were a bit unkept.  The pools were nice and held a great temperature.  The actual unit had a very unique layout as there is a hallway thing separating the second bedroom and the 2nd bathroom that lets out into the room.  It's weird but cool at the same time.  The air conditioner didn't seem to work as well as it should in AZ but, it worked none-the-less. Neighbors appeared friendly, parking spots  could be about a bit larger but, covered for the most part.  They even had a detached storage unit aside of the patio and it's storage area.  Overall it's a nice place.
4 Before moving in I was pretty skeptical, I've read a lot of bad reviews but no more than for any other apartment complex I had been researching.  The move in process was really easy, the staff is always super friendly and the lady who took me on the tour remembers me every time I stop in for a package which I think is really nice because most people forget your face as soon as you've been sold on something.  I love my apartment, great amount of space and storage - especially for the price.  It isn't too far from work and is near grocery and other shopping.  The only issue I've ever had is my key not working on the gym door which isn't a big deal because I usually work out on base with one of my friends before I come home.  No complaints about maintenance or staff.
3 I recently went up to Phx to visit friends, and one of them lives here.  I was shocked at how different it looks now.  They need to make it the pretty place it was when I lived there.  I have to admit though...GREAT apartments!  I loved mine...
1 Do not move into this place. Management is absolutely horrible, maintenance takes forever to come out to fix anything. Although this seems to be a gated community it is not, kids from the neighboring trailer park come in and out with ease. Never seen a security guard walking at night like they say there would be. Just recently moved out and they tried to take every penny from me. I had to provide evidence and take photos of the cleaning I had done in order to receive my full security deposit that I deserved back. Do not believe them when they say you HAVE to have your carpets professionally cleaned. It is NOT stated in the lease. I cleaned them myself, (which was much cheaper), and had to show them that in the lease it is not required to be professionally cleaned only "professionally inspected" which I assume is done by the head of maintenance. They should know the lease inside and out but it seemed that I knew more about the lease then they did. How sad! Anytime I had a question, no one a definite answer, instead, referred me to the same girl over and over again. horrible faculty who should be able to answer simple questions! They couldn't even tell me my final move out date without telling me I have to talk to the manager.Overall, bad experience! BEWARE!!!!!!
3 I am updating and lowering my rating by one star.  I do still live here although I have moved to another apartment within the complex.  The office staff is still friendly although there are some ladies in there who seem irritated a good amount of the time.  My reason for lowering the rating is because of the seemingly never ending problems we are having with maintenance.  When we moved in there were three drawers in the kitchen that were broken, window screens missing, the AC was dripping water on the floor in the hallway, the shower handle would only turn so far and the water was either scalding hot or ice cold and a drawer in the bathroom was missing completely.  It took weeks to have the dripping AC fixed, a few more weeks for the kitchen drawers, a few months for the shower to be fixed and the another week or so more for the whole they made in the wall to be patched.  The drawer they replaced in the bathroom does not actually fit so it sticks out about an inch and a half. One of the kitchen drawers is still broken and the screens are supposed to be on order.  My boyfriend swears whenever I put in a new maintenance request it is going into "the circular file" rather than being submitted to maintenance.  It is either that or the maintenance crew is purposefully putting our requests as last on the list.  It is getting to the point where as much as we hate moving we are seriously considering moving when our lease is up.  We live near one of the pools which means it is never quiet.  After experiencing an all night party in the middle of the week we learned that the courtesy patrol is either nonexistent or totally useless.  In either case it should be corrected quickly.
5 We have loved living here! The staff is great, when we have an issue they fix it right away! It is so quiet and very comfortable living! If you need a better priced apartment, live here!!!!
