4 A nice beginners course. The carts are gas powered which crack me up cuz it's like I'm sitting on top of a lawn mower. What I love is the price, the course layout, and the cheap food!
3 Well it's been almost a year since I have played a round, after a year hiatus. I'm back!!! This is my first course in Arizona, a friend and I decided to play after work. Place is not bad, especially the price. I have played much better muni courses in Cali! But after a year, I was still happy! Great place for kids to start, and all beginners. It's basically a flat course with some water. Greens are a little hard, and well a lot of divots. Fairways are in bad shape, but this is what you get at a muni course. Overall I had a lot of fun, and probably play here more after work.
3 Glens mistake's is a hackers paradise so don't go here if your shooting scratch golf dude. Other than that it's a very nice course to play, my only cons are that the trees flake off a lot of debris, and there is a lot of mud thought the year. Fun to play while drinking with friends, and a solid 9. Check it out if your a beginner to average player or just want to have a good time.
1 Played this course with my daughter and I   was mortified at the condition of this course...it was like an abandoned course that someone was collecting fees for!!  The range is in such disrepair it made me sick!  Had I NOT promised my daughter we would go out and play....I would have never stayed....btw did I mention this fiasco of a course cost $40 for a 10yr old and myself.  GROSSLY disappointed!!!!
5 I adore Glen Lakes. I have been just playing golf for a little over a year and love meeting up with my father here for a fun nine holes. The price for nine holes is a bargain! (Winter or Summer - it's always a steal) Dave the golf pro is fantastic, I took several private lessons with him and he has helped me improve greatly. He also organizes a monthly scrabble, which is always fun to participate in. Overall, this is my go to executive course for price and fun. This place really is a gem.
4 Not bad for a quick 9 holes. Perfect for practice or just a mid week game with the boys.
4 All of the reviews of Glen Lakes are right on the money.  It really depends on how good of a golfer you are and what you're trying to experience.  This is quaint little course, it's actually gotten better the last couple of years.  The place is old but shows a ton of pride of ownership.  The price is right, the management is great and without the ego that other courses offer.  If you go in the morning, look for Mel.  94 years old and out there five days a week, gentleman's gentleman and he hits it straight down the fairway.
