1 They really let me down....we have been a client at this Vet for a couple of years with our 2 dogs and 4 cats.  We take our pets for check ups and shots and havent had to go to them for an emergency.  Well an emergency came up.....my husband came home from work and found our elderly German Shepherd couldnt walk and the dog was very distressed.   We assumed he must have had a stroke or something.  While my husband was loading our dog into our car, I called Estrella Animal hospital to let them know we were coming in with an emergency and may have to put our dog down.    I was then told that it was a Friday and they are closing in 45 minutes and they could not see our dog.  I had explained we were regular clients, and also spoke with office mananager who told me the same thing.....I was shocked and greatly disappointed.   We were dealing with the potential loss of our beloved pet and were being told to take our dog elsewhere.    Well Estrella refered us to Goodyear Animal Hospital which is actually closer to our house, who was able to see our dog immediately.    I am so disappointed in the Estrella but I do thank you for referring us to Goodyear Animal hospital who now will have the business of our other 5 animals and they will be continuning with the care of our German Shepard who has brain tumors.
1 I am the husband that Linda refers to in the 1st review, I CANNOT express how VERY disappointed I am in Estrella Animal Hospital and have certainly spread the word as to their lack of attention and compassion at a time of real need.  We used to bring them 6 clients... yes 6, but now it will be ZERO based on this unfortunate discision made by them on a Friday.  Would any other "hospital" turn away a potential dying patient?  I hate to think what would have happened had we shown up without calling first.
4 After a terrible experience with another area vet, I switched my Mr Rileyface Pussycat Head III, Esq to Estrella for a kinder, gentler touch. Thankfully kitty has not had a medical emergency since we switched, but goes in regularly for shots, checkups, etc. The staff is friendly and professional, you don't have to wait weeks for an appointment and waiting room time before appointments is minimal. I wish my person doctor's office was this user friendly!  Because of kitty's health history he must eat special prescription food, and this office always has plenty of it in stock - unlike many other offices where you have to order it two weeks ahead of time. Trust me, if you saw my nearly 18-pound cat you'd know that waiting around for food is NOT an option.  Reserving the fifth star for something that really knocks my socks off, but until then, 4 stars sums up my kitty-friendly experience perfectly.
4 Mr. Puss got sick last month the day I had to leave town for a week for work. Estrella got me a rush appointment within 20 minutes of my initial call, took kitty in right away and carefully performed X-rays and blood tests. They sent me home with a bag full of meds (which my lucky pet sitter got to administer) and kept me up to date on test results via the phone. Once again I found them to be caring and responsive, and I will keep going back.
4 I was referred to come here by my sister in-law. They loved the staff and service. We have been bring our 2 Akita mixes to Estrella for 4 years now (since our fuzzy kids) were pups. The fuzzy kids love the staff and have stayed in the boarding services too. They staff recognize the dogs every time we go and calls them by their names.  Also we were clients of their puppy training class.    They even took us in (just showing up), because my baby girl had a bump on her head.  They squeezed us in and took great care of my baby girl.
5 We have been taking our pets to Dr Stevens at Estrella Animal Hospital for the past 15 years, she is caring and kind who goes the extra mile, I would highly recommend her.
5 I have been taking my dog Lilly here for about a year now. I have been more than pleased with all the office staff. The Veterinarians are very knowledgable and compassionate. Keep in mind that this is not an emergency clinic. They do have a Vet on call but they are not open 24 hours a day. I have been nothing but satisfied with the service and care provided and would highly reccomend them as a care provider.
