2 I used to come here all the time & they did a great job. The place has really gone down hill. They used to go above & beyond & now it seems they do the bare minimum just to get you in & out. I went in today and got a basic pedicure. The girl basically did a polish change. She didnt do anything that I dont normally do my self at home except she did make me bleed. My massage chair was broken and it wasnt a very pleasant experience. It was very disappointing especially since I was looking forward to it so much. I really wanted a design on my toes too but when I looked down from messing with my chair remote trying to get it to work she was already slopping on the top coat and didnt even ask. I dont think I will be returning here again. I used to recommend it to all of my friends but I wont any more.
1 I've gone here a few times now. The first time I got a pedi and full set of acrylic nails - everything was fine. The second time I asked to have the acrylic SOAKED off and they pried them off and almost took two real nails completely off along with the acrylic. Yesterday I went in for a pedi and not only did the girl make me bleed fairly badly somehow but I ended up going to the clinic today to get meds for an infection where she cut me after dealing with severe pain for almost 24 hours straight. So I spent $35 for a pedi plus a tip, $50 for a clinic fee, plus $$ for a prescription antibiotic and Epsom salts to soak in for a week.
4 I have gone here for several pedicures and waxing and they always do a wonderful job! I appreciate how fast they work too!
4 This salon has become my usual spot. I have been getting the Gelish manicure because they do a great job and last longer then other salons I've been to. They have no problem with my request such as the powder glitter on gel polish.
1 Do not go here! I'm never one to complain too much about a nail salon because I think you get what you pay for most of the time. I do not enjoy writing poor reviews but I was very disappointed with my experience here. I have gone to the same nail salon for years (star nails,75th and cactus..far better service and cheaper) but didn't have a lot of time and this place is nearby my house.   I got a mani pedi and the man who I believe the owner is set me up rather quickly then called a man from the back. Before he started my pedi I noticed that he set a timer before he started the treatment and kept watching it during my treatment. As if he had to finish by a certain time? I don't know about anyone else but I go here to relax! It only put me on edge how quickly he was going and furthermore I don't  want him to rush his work? I will say my toes came out good I just didn't appreciate the rush.   When I got to my mani I really didn't appreciate the rush. He set his timer yet again and started quickly on my cuticles. He was going so fast he cut me multiple times on both hands. A manicure is not suppose to hurt and normally a knick here or there doesn't bother me because accidents happen but it was multiple times and he got me good. Additionally it was only because he was rushing because of his timer. I paid $10 for a mani with no polish and $20 for a classic old pedicure that was too short. I know I overpaid especially after a cut but I told myself I would not go back.   I also noticed that they didn't help me with my bags when I was moving in between stations to get my mani or to the drying station. That little stuff is important and improves the quality of customer service.   So very disappointed I could not write a positive review with plans to return as it is closer...could have just been an isolated incident and I'm sure they do great work for others but I think my one time is enough.
5 Mai did a great job on my pedi!
