5 LOVE THIS STORE!  Everything country and such neat finds.  Some day, I will clear out my house and head to Cave Creek and the Lazy Lizard to completely redecorate it (will wait till the teens have flown the nest because it might make them crazy).. Love the cowboy/girl handmade cards for birthdays, weddings, etc.  The staff was very friendly and welcoming.  Just a really fun place to search for that perfect cowgirl find.
4 I love this store. It's our favorite place to browse when we are enjoying down time over the weekend.  We recently purchased a beautiful Indian style bed and the price was incredible.  It was a great deal, we were pinching ourselves.  The staff was great even when our kids were starting to act up.  We will return and shop again.
3 If you really look around, you can find a deal. We found an outdoor lantern and a rusted metal mirror frame that was totally cool for around $40.
5 Like everyone else said... LOVE IT.  I could furnish my whole house with their stuff. It's all southwestern/cowboy themed - they have furniture, wall hangings, dinner services, knick knacks and trinkets, and even some boots and hats. Everything is usually on sale to some degree.  The mustached gentleman that took care of us was very nice and helpful. We purchased a picture frame, a cute hanging piece and a cowboy boot piggy bank for my godson - it all added up to about $20, and unlike some stores in the area, I was glad he treated us like we were still worth his time even though we weren't buying anything big.  Can't wait to come back with my whole week's earnings to splurge on some more decor!
5 I recently visited the Lazy Lizard.  Great items, unique and different.  Additionally, I unknowingly dropped a $50.00 bill out of my wallet when I went to purchase my" find".  After I discovered my money was missing, I called all of the stores I had gone to see if anyone had found my money.  When I called Lazy Lizard the gentleman said "I've been waiting for your call".  He actually sent me the money in Seattle, where I live.  So refreshing! Thank you Lazy Lizard!!
