5 The staff at New to You is very helpful and extremely knowledgeable when it comes to trendy fashion!  They are very picky about what items are taken in and put out on the floor for their customers.  The store is well lit, clean and well organized.  The prices are fair and the deals are astounding!  Check out their website too!
3 Picking through the racks at New To You has never yielded much of a return. In fact, I don't think I've ever actually purchased anything for as much I try to shop here.   There isn't anything wrong with the store. The staff is friendly and the clothes are well organized, but it just seems like they don't really have anything worth purchasing. Or at least not at the prices that they charge.   The clothes just seem much too expensive for their condition. For example, I've seen Hollister tank tops for around $7 which is about the clearance price of new clothes from HCO. But it doesn't matter where it is from, I would never pay $7 for a faded and shrunken cotton tank top.   The shoe section is a joke. You know the prom shoes from any 1990s teen comedy? They are silver with a thick square heel, and they are only about two and a half inches tall. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah, those run about $15 at New To You.   Their trade in program isn't very good either. I brought in a bag with three Hollister shirts (two with tags still on and one in like new condition) and three pairs of jeans (two brand new AE and the other a lightly used pair of Lucky Brand), and they only offered me $25. I got $37.45 at Buffalo Exchange.   In spite of all of this, I'm still giving New To You three stars because it is practically the only somewhat decent resale shop in the West Valley. This is obviously a dire situation.
1 Prices are a bit high in my opinion. The owner is VERY picky about what she takes. With all the other brand new places (resale) popping up in Peoria/Glendale/Surprise, I think its high time to explore other options.
2 I have been going here for a few years. The manager Denise is very friendly, unfortunately the rest of the women there are extremely rude. If Denise isn't there or in the back, the employees will completely ignore you. If you go to bring items in to sell, it really depends on who goes thru them, if it is one of the younger girls, they will refuse everything. It would be a nice place to go if you were treated nicely.
5 I love this place! They have the greatest variety of things! I wish they had more shoes but everything else is fabulous. recommend this place to everyone :)
