5 This company is absolutely amazing. We went on a horseback ride with them in the Cave Creek desert and both my girl and I are novice but they brought horses which were so well trained it was a breeze to get on and start riding. I was nervous for about 10 minutes and then ready to do a little trotting, and my horse didn't require a kick like the stable horses I'd ridden in the past, rather just a little pressure and he was off. They are not cheap, but you get what you pay for as the horses are all personal pets not stable horses. Our guide owned his own and had four of them, all arabian and gorgeous.
5 Sunrise, 90mins tour for group of 5 novices. $120 per person minus 10% discount + tax + tip.  I think many of their customers are more advanced, but they were great/patient / friendly with our group of novices/never been on horse. Walked with occasional trot. One guide gave some running discussion about flora / natural history; perfect since we just wanted to ride and see, didn't need a cowboy shtick. They showed us a little peak, a valley, a juniper tree made into a "clubhouse"...   All in all perfect for us East Coasters who just wanted a little taste of the desert. They pick up from Four Seasons.
5 Absolutely fabulous experience.  Great people to work with from scheduling with Dane to the actual two hour ride in the Tonto National Forest with Clydea.  I am a novice rider and my 19 year old daughter rides for her college equestrian team and we both had a fantastic time.  My daughter rode English and was given the freedom to trot and gallop on her own, while I rode Western and, once Clydea was sure that I was comfortable, was also given the freedom to stretch my horse's legs out. Beautiful scenery, Clydea very knowledgable about the local plants, and just a great time.  Not cheap at $150/person, but definitely worth it.
5 Simply the best!!! Great horses and great people... and the rides are an amazing way to experience the sonoran desert and its beauty.  I loved the fact that we had the freedom to trot and canter (being more advanced riders). You can tell they take great pride in what they do! I would recommend Windwalker Expeditions to any horse lover.
