5 So my family has taken our cars to Hans for years now. Hans has by proven himself to be trustworthy and fair. We almost always get our cars back the same or next day other than a few times and that was only because it took an extra day to get the part (not his fault I'm sure!) This most recent time, I was actually a bit flabbergasted at the price he quoted me. Especially after I did some research online. A new AC compressor? $1000?? Yikes! The dealership quoted me $1000. No difference, I realize that, but dealerships are always much more expensive, especially compared to Hans.  Now what it turned out to be is that I got a brand new AC compressor directly from the dealer.  The price also included "freon, evacuate & recharge a/c system, flush a/c system, inspect for leaks" which would have been extra if repaired at the dealership. And we got the car back within 24 hours! Happy customer once again Hans! Thanks!
4 Hans' is the go to guy for all of my family's Toyotas and Hondas.   We have been going to him for years and he is not only reasonably priced but he is knowledgeable and doesn't play the games others do . My husband does the car stuff and he likes being able to trust Hans to not jerk us around.  While the place isn't the most convenient location , when you are  serviced correctly and efficiently and you still have a buck or two left to go to the original Dillions around the corner ..you know you came to the right place.
5 I've been a customer of Hans for years (since 2004) and I can't say enough good things about him! He epitomizes honesty in all his dealings and a more knowledgeable car mechanic you won't ever find! I _know_ he's saved me HUNDREDS if not THOUSANDS of dollars on repairs and maintenance, as well as giving the same excellent service to my daughter and her husband on their vehicles. You can stop looking for an excellent mechanic when you find Hans -- he's the BEST!  Tony S, Glendale, AZ
5 I've taken my car to Hans twice.  Once my Camry and once my mazda mpv.  Both times Hans has been very nice, completed the world at a reasonable price.  I would even say under priced though car repairs aren't cheap.  There are 2 things Hans does that puts him ahead of the rest.  1. is his honesty, you can tell that he isn't trying to hustle you or take advantage of you, most car people talk down to you but not Hans.  2. is when he diagnosis the problem he tells you the cost and recommends any additional work that needs to be done.  For my Camry my AC condenser had a whole in it but he said I need to pull our your radiator anyway and that is in bad shape (something hit the radiator and pushed back into the condenser that put a hole in condenser so the radiator was on its last leg)  if you want to replace the radiator I will only charge you for the part since I have to pull it out anyway to fix the condenser.   When I went to the shop to pick up the Camry he showed the hole in the condenser and where the radiator was damaged.  For the Mazda there was a a coolant leak.  He originally diagnosed it as a leak in a hose but when we was taking that apart the water pump casein crumbled on him so that had to be replaced also even after that he found another leak in a hose but since he didn't see that at the original diagnosis he didn't charge to fix that and apologized for the delay and I ended up saving about $150 on that job (not that he's going to do that for everyone) but that shows his character and why he is my go to mechanic.    FYI his business hours are Monday - Thursday 8-5pm.  He is closed on Friday.
5 I've been taking my cars to Hans for years, and I'll never go to another mechanic! Hans is by FAR the best, least expensive and most honest mechanic I've ever found. My first car I owned was a Honda CRX which Hans kept running perfectly for years until it simply wore out. I now have a 1/2 ton 2004 Toyota pickup that Hans services and repairs for me as excellently as he did the CRX. If you're looking for a top-notch mechanic, you can stop looking; they just don't come any better than Hans!  Tony Seale
5 We've been going to Hans for almost 10 years. He's worked on our Toyotas and our Subaru; and I have never known a better mechanic. Like all these other people have said, Hans is honest, quick and informative without being condescending. He always uses factory parts but he doesn't charge the high prices of a dealership for his labor. I don't know how he does it but we can bring our car in on any day M-Th and get it back within 1-2 days no matter how complicated and time consuming the repairs. I've known people to drive all the way across town to go to Hans. He's that good! There is no need to even try another shop.
