5 Been coming here for a couple of years for 2 of my cars.  Staff always friendly and know who you are.  Reasonable prices and seem to really care about your vehicle almost as much as you do.
5 I just love the staff here!  Being a woman, they never make me feel stupid (like most auto places do).  They are always super friendly, have a great sense of humor, and get the job done at a resonable price.  Even though I get free service at my dealership---I will continue to go back to Wilhelm and get great customer service.
1 I don't know about their service quality because I didn't even get that far.  They wanted to charge me $124 for a diagnostic test to change my spark plugs.  When I asked if they can just change the spark plugs, they scoffed and were really obnoxious.  Ended up going to Tobias Auto.
5 I would highly recommend taking your car here.  The staff was very friendly. We were in town for vacation and got our car back quickly and after calling around to check pricing, they were the lowest.  When there was a need they jumped on it immediately and were very responsive.  I even received a follow up call and thank you note.  I have never received such wonderful customer service from a maintenance place including the most high end places such as BMW.  There is definitely a reason they have been in business there so long!!!!
5 My mom got her car serviced here, they are wonderful ! Gave us a ride home, and will also pick us up, when her car is done, will also honor coupon online,  my moms printer not working, so they will print out coupon themselves !  I definitely would recommend this place !
5 Amazing service!!!  We have been taking our cars here for years....all experiences have been top notch. Everyone is very professional and feel they are very honest.  The biggest thing is that we trust them with our vehicles and know they will be more than fair.
5 Very friendly staff. Took my car here for the first time and was very pleased. They quoted me a price and when I went to pick up my car it was actually 25 bucks less than the quote, they also notified me of coupons/specials that was going on  that would help me save money. I would take my car back here again and again.
1 I would not go here unless you want to be taken advantage of.  I went in for an AC diagnostic test for $25. They quoted me a price of $1,300 to fix it because supposedly my AC compressor was cracked. That was way out of budget so I declined. Instead I purchases a $40 DIY AC recharge kit to see if it could hold any freon. Lo and behold several months later it is still blowing cold. If the compressor was cracked the recharge would not have worked. Also, my brother went in for some work and they redid his transmission without his permission and charged him several thousand dollars. Basically they are a bunch of scammers and charge people for things they don't need.
1 I find it incredibly hard to believe that this place has such glowing reviews. I'll give them credit... the customer service is awesome and they're super friendly. Unfortunately, after several separate visits with two different cars I can say I'm more than happy to be taking my business elsewhere.  I took my old car in for a new air conditioning compressor and ended up with loud rattling and vibration they "just can't find." It was clearly messed up.   Boyfriend went in with his car numerous times for the axle seal on his car. The first time he brought it in the issue was identified, he was told that the parts would need to be ordered and was sent on his way with the car. One week passed and he hadn't heard from them. It was clear when he finally called that they dropped the ball and never ordered the part as numerous obvious excuses were made. Finally the part comes in and they went to work. After bringing the car home fluid was leaking all over the garage floor. When he brought it back he was told that they didn't have the correct tools and just tried to make do with what they had but would order the correct ones to fix the problem. One year later and the same issue shows up on the other side. He brought in photos of the fluid and area the part was leaking. When shown the photos and after looking at the car they say, "well, it's dry now." Hmmm....
1 I went in to get a quick diagnosis on my muffler. The two shop guys standing in the office joking around and the gal at the desk said they were just too busy. It might be a couple days before they could look at it and I would need to leave it for several hours. The place I ended up taking it to checked it out in 20 min and were swamped with customers. I won't go back and wish I could of kept my business in the 85331.
5 Daniel was great, he worked with me to prioritize several repairs and even had a driver pick up replacement tires to help me meet a deadline. Wilhelm was efficient, friendly and went the extra mile to have my car ready when I needed it. I'm new to Cave Creek, but will be sticking with Wilhelm!
5 DH just reminded me to write a review for Wilhelm.  Nicest, most honest group of guys ever.  They are so cool you just want to hang around the desk with them!  Every bit of work they have done for us has been prompt, done correctly the first time, and reasonably priced.  Once they missed something after diagnosing our vehicle, but when we brought the vehicle in for the actual work, they took care of that gratis because, as Ernie said: "We should have caught it during the diagnosis."  You got to appreciate the kind of ethic and integrity.  If you live anywhere near, they are the go-to repair guys!  Oh, heck, even if you don't live near, they are worth the drive!
5 Had our 2010 Honda in for a 60k service.  Timing belt and water pump replacement along with brake pad replacement and throttle body cleaning.  Great work by Donald the mechanic and Jessica our service writer.
