1 When I wanted a cheap quick haircut or trim, I would always take my extremely fine straight hair to Mastercuts.  I talked them up... always told people how they cut my hair right.  They used to be chatty, used to be friendly... but I walked in there yesterday to get a quick trim...   And the girl... she looked at me like I was trash just cuz I was white.  I told her all I wanted was a trim... and she gave me a trim.  My hair is layered (since it's so fine) and down my back, so fairly easy and some really long bangs to frame the cheekbones and it's tapered off into the length.  Yeah... I left feeling like my hair was lopsided but couldn't figure out why.  So I fixed it up today... yeah... my left side bangs are longer than my right by about 3 inches.  The taper on the left side just looks like a shag look when my right side is done correctly.  Now... I'm no hairstylist.  I shouldn't have to tell them how to cut my hair when I ask for a flipping trim nor should I have to check to make sure it's even.  That's what I pay them for.  On top of that... the girl said not a word.    I'm ok with silences... but I'm not ok with bitchy "I'm better than you" silences. (girls know the difference)  If the customer service had been there, I probably wouldn't be so irritated.  But it was terrible.  I'm going back today to get my hair fixed... and I'll post how that goes.
1 Not cool... and Jessica is never going back.  So I went home that night and searched for my receipt.  Nope... I remember her asking me if I wanted a receipt and all they do is clutter my already overflowing purse, so I said no... trusting they did my hair right.  I walk in receiptless.  And get rejected because I don't have my receipt.  Nope.  Bye bye now... that wasn't cool... and now neither is my hair because I had to go to Target and buy friggen shears to fix it myself... it was THAT bad.
5 I would like to Yelp my awesome hair stylist "Kimba". She turned my headwreck into a masterpiece. Beautiful red highlights, cute updated hair cut. The entire staff is down to earth and friendly. It was a great experience and you don't have to pay an outrageous price. If you want to look Marvelous on a budget, you need to contact Kimba!!!!!! Thanks for making me beautiful :)
5 Mylissa has given my daughter and me the *best* cuts! If you can, see her. She will take great care of you!
5 Best place for color. They really work with you. Been coming here for years....don't trust anyone else.
3 Convenient, fast, and a good cut.
1 I dont know if this girl was new or what but my sons hair is not long wanted a simple fade boys haircut it took her 50 minutes geeeeez the place was nice but she took way long
