5 These guys are the BEST. We needed flowers for a memorial service on a Monday morning. Ordered online Sunday afternoon. Called to confirm order Monday at 8am and flowers were delivered that morning in time for services. Flowers were beautiful.
1 Wow where do I start? First we placed our order a day in advance and when we arrived 20 minutes before our scheduled pick up we still had to wait. I was also not the only one waiting on a preplaced order either. As if that wasn't bad enough, when we did get our order it looked NOTHING like the catalog order we placed. I have to hand it to this shop because they made money off of their trash today. I was absolutely disgusted when I saw the corsage with some micro mini "rose buds" as she called them. I have a gut feeling they were scraps from another order with an ugly Christmas ribbon. Hell the ribbon was the only thing you could see, the three flowers were so small. Needless to say while we were waiting she threw this piece crap together and passed it off as a corsage. We will all be calling the Better Business Bureau to report the poor service. PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS PLACE!!! I would have included a picture but the flowers were too freaking micro mini for that.
5 I called less than 48 hours before my grandmothers funeral to order a massive arrangement (spray/ standing bouquet) Not only was the arrangement there over an hour before the service but it was everything I'd hoped it to be. I was so worried no one would be able to accommodate me with such short notice and with my picky nature, but this place did and I could not be more grateful. Thank you Gracie, from the bottom of mine and my family's hearts.
1 Terrible customer service. I placed an order online and thought all was well. The next day-when the order was supposed to be delivered-they called me. (This was 24 hours after I ordered.)  I thought they were calling to confirm the flowers had been delivered. Instead, they told me they could not deliver because the order, though in the same city as the florist, was too far away. They lied and said they tried to call me previously but they had not. The lady did not understand my frustration and disappointment and was extremely rude. I had to scramble at the last minute to find another florist to fulfill my same day rush order, so I could ensure the flowers would be delivered on time. Luckily I called Fletcher Florists and they were able to handle the last minute order.  Gracie should have let me know if they couldn't fulfill the order immediately.  They also shouldn't be rude to customer when THEY make mistakes.  Do NOT recommend.
