2 We had lunch here with the In-laws today. Highlights: the wait staff is awesome. Fast, friendly, fun; everyone here is ON it. Lowlights: the food. It's not terrible, but kind of meets expectations of a diner in a strip mall. Weak coffee, white bread, smaller portions, nothing was particularly great. Nothing really sucked; but was just mediocre. They must be doing something right, it was crowded and my in-laws like it. I'd rather go without eating than visit here again.
4 A local hangout in SCW.  Justly famous for their good food and friendly service.  Today I had the grilled ham and cheese sandwich with sweet potato fries.  The sandwich had so much thinly sliced ham (real ham, not lunch meat) that I had to look inside to make sure it had cheese as well! It did and was delicious.  The sweet potato fries are house made and the best ever.  They bear no relation to those krinkle cut sweet potato fries one sees most places.  Service is always friendly and prompt.  Little extras include things like their own homemade blackberry jam.  We drop by for lunch at least once on every trip to SCW.
4 The lunch/dinner food here is average on good days, but I think their breakfast is really good.  Their pancakes are fluffy and buttery :)   And if I remember correctly, you can order breakfast anytime of day.  The wait staff is usually pretty good, but I can remember a couple of times my grandfather didn't think they were very good (he is notoriously impatient though).  This is one of my favorite restaurants near Sun City.
4 The Hole-in-One, has not changed seemingly for ever.  You can count on their food and serve.  The food is fixed to the taste of its customers.  Not fancy, just basic neighbor hood caffee food.
4 The Hole-in-One, has not changed seemingly for ever.  You can count on their food and serve.  The food is fixed to the taste of its customers.  Not fancy, just basic neighbor hood caffee food.  They have the community table in one side for the daily locale customers, as well as ample booths and table.   Stanley they are open half days Sunday so their staff can have at the very lest part of Sunday off.    I have are adding some new items as over the past couple of years  or so, such as French fried sweet potato.
4 Love this place. Marty the owner is always there to greet you. The waitstaff is excellent and their breakfast cook is top notch. The communal table is great to listen to- retired guys talking politics, gossip, whatever. Breakfast are awesome, crispy hashbrowns and amazing biscuits and gravy. One of favorite breakfast places anywhere.
2 One of the main hangouts in SCW for the locals.  Not one of my personal favorites food wise.  Everything tasted bland.  In fact, I've had a lot better breakfasts at a few of the local golf courses.  The staff however is wonderful.  Everyone was really friendly, and quick, I didn't have to ask to have my water refilled once.  Too bad about the food though, or this could be a very good local spot.
2 We went there for breakfast. We knew it has been a local favorite for years and wanted to give it a try.  The food and service was adequate but nothing special. We prefer other local spots to this one and probably won't rush back.
5 The new item on the menu is BBQ.  Marty has nailed it. Smokey, meaty and great prices. Definitely worth a visit or two.
5 We went for breakfast on a busy Saturday morning, about 9 am. Food was delivered fast and hot. Omelette was big as the plate. Homemade jam for toast and the cinnamon role was divine!!!! Service was excellent!
5 To day I walked into the holes in one.   I was so surprised, a new menu has been added.  They had food for their clients, over 70 customer.    I had the BBQ Brisket.   It was very good.  I could not try the BBQ sauce do do dietary problems.    The population of Sun City West is aging and being replaced by younger 55 and up.  The old menu is still there, but the small addition is welcome.  I am sure that it will help to insure their continued popularly with both the aging and new residents.  Marty, the owner, is always there to welcome you.  The staff has, over the past 20+ years has always been consistently the best.  Anyone that dose not meet Marty's standards will not be there long.  The food portions have been and still are the right size.   Coffee, well, some like it hot, some like it were the strong, some like it weak, I like their coffee, not to strong not to weak.  The-Hole-in-one has never served bad food.  What is my experience:  I have lived on the road do to my job as an over the road truck driver for about 10 years.  I have a superior pallet, tested by blind folded taste test identifying foods, 9 out of 10 correct.  I could not identify octopuses, I said squid.   When it comes to food, people have likes and dislikes.  Example:  BBQ, there are different schools on what is BBQ.  One Restaurant proudly advertised they marinated their meats 24 hrs, then slow smoked and other 24 hours.  To me, it is the Texas Style BBQ a dry rub, slow smoked, meats with an optional sauce on the side.  Smoking is as long as it takes, when it's done it's done.  With wood you have to understand the variance and how to control it for perfect BBQ every time.  You can not set a timer and it's done.  Oh, I can cook too.   UPDATE: just had the ribs.  Wonderful.
