3 Truly a greasy spoon. I'm pretty sure smoking is outlawed in restaurants but the place does have the aroma of a smoker trying to quit.  Across the street from Peoria Cafe, Brother's boasts a cheap breakfast (I spent 16 dollars for myself and 3 kids, with a tip and drinks for all) and a friendly staff.  The food is average greasy spoon fare - but if you want a sit down breakfast at a price cheaper than McDonald's, I recommend Brother's.
4 I have been going to Brothers for almost 5 years now.   Usually on Sunday holidays. Or when we are going to do something and do not want to prepare food at home. Probably about 8 to 10 times a year.   Breakfast is the only meal I have eaten. Breakfast is not hard to prepare. Bacon, eggs, pancakes, waffles are not hard to fix. Why is this the only place I eat breakfast when I am in Peoria? "Service" When you get there you are greeted with a smile. Everyone acts like they are genuinely glad you are there. They are ready to do what it takes to keep their customers happy. Your coffee cup is kept full. If your waiter or waitress is not there to fill your cup someone else passing by with coffee is. You can get bacon, eggs, two pieces of toast, and hash browns for $2.99. Why would anyone in the area go anywhere else? Everything always comes out tasting good,
4 My husband and I went for breakfast this morning. Food was delicious and had a great price! Not very healthy but really good. Staff was very friendly and attentive. Never saw the bottom of my coffee. Definitely going back.
2 The food served at this establishment is fair at best,  I am not giving this place a good review except for the following... They sell a selection of home made pies that is out of this world!!!  Chocolate Cream, Peanut butter, Coconut Cream, etc.  Believe me, you won't find better pie anywhere! They would be better off shutting down the restaurant and opening up as a bakery! There is a server there named Kelly! Someone that owns a really good restaurant should try to snap her up, as she is an excellent server with an awesome personality, a big smile, remembers your name and what you order!  Very skilled at her job!
3 Not to bad for a new breakfast place.  We were looking for something new right before heading out of town.  My girlfriend ordered a short stack of pancakes and I munched down on their breakfast burrito.  It was pretty good, but too hot so i had to let cool down some.  After tasting her pancakes, I decided next time.. I too will be enjoying a stack of those tasty cakes.
4 My parents were in town for a family function and we were looking for a place to grab some breakfast. We found Brother's and were very pleased we did! They serve great breakfasts (I recommend the bacon and sausage skillet) The server was very nice and she kept my coffee filled! We will be back whenever we find ourselves hungry and in Peoria!
3 Average is the best word to describe Brothers. It isn't necessarily a bad thing. The food was okay. The service was okay. The prices were good. Nothing really stood out as great but on the other hand there was nothing that stood out as bad.   I'll stick with average and I'll more than likely give them another try sometime...
4 Spent time in Peoria and had a pretty miserable experience overall due to customer service, but that all changed Saturday morning. Walked into the restaurant and were seated immediately, and Liz, our server was right there to take our drink order. Servers were always checking in on us, and they joked, and laughed, and made suggestions to help us keep our bill down. Which wasn't hard, there were three of us, and we each had the days special, pancakes, or french toast, eggs, and bacon or sausage. We had 2 coffees, one OJ, and I ordered hashbrowns. The meal ran about $21, then there was the tip. The food was good breakfast food,  but the service was  made the morning. Liz came over and joked with us, chatted with us, and was very attentive and friendly. If we find our way back to Peoria, this restaurant will certainly be part of our trip.
5 Excellent service, greeted w/a smile. Variety of food for breakfast and lunch.  You can tell they have been around a long time and the best thing is they know how to cook and treat their customers to keep having you come back. My hubby and I will diffidently be going back.
5 My family of 3 go at least once a week. Excellent price and always a service with a smile. Highly recommended
4 This was hard to find when you go down 85th ave, it's easier to find if you go down Peoria. There is construction outside but it's nice inside, the bathrooms are nice. Service was prompt and my sisters strawberry milkshake came out quick. This strawberry milkshake was delicious, yummy cream tasting and they give you extra on the side so its basically two milkshakes. I drank the extra one. I ordered french toast and scrambled egg with corned beef hash. I've been craving good scrambled eggs and this was really good and fluffy. The corned beef hash was not very salty, I actually prefer it a lil greasy and salty but it was edible unlike the cottage cheese from my moms stuffed tomato plate. My sister liked her filling strawberry french toast. My sister said the home fries only tasted good with ketchup. however we both didn't like that the ketchup was coldout of the fridge, i prefer room temperature ketchup. My mom felt her stuffed tomato with Tuna salad was just right. She liked the plate presentation and said the tuna didn't have too much mayonnaise , it was just right. Overall we liked this place and its open on Christmas Day .
5 The Kind of Place You Want To Bring A Book or Newspaper to and Just Eat and Relax  The valley is filled with places to pick up breakfast. There are the typical doughnut and bagel shops to the sit-down chain restaurants. However, once in a while, if your lucky, you come across that one neighborhood place that turns out to be a "stand-out spot".  You know what I mean, the place that everyone flocks to.  Well that place happens to be Brothers Family Restaurant!  Today was my first visit to Brothers Family Restaurant and all I can say is, it won't be my last. Brothers is clean, the staff is friendly, the service is fast, the food is  very tasty, perfectly made and did I mention great prices.  Brothers has one of the best family style menus around, from the countless egg dishes, to the usual breakfasts favorites, like, pancakes, French toast,  biscuits &gravy, omelettes, skillets...you name it, Brothers serves it.  Their  chorizo & green chili omelette with home style potatoes is to die for.   Best Breakfast Ever!   I would absolutely recommend Brothers Family Restaurant to everyone.
5 My favorite place. Great prices, great service and amazing food. Recently remodeled inside and out. Just looks clean and new.
4 One of my favorite places for lunch (have not tried breakfast and do not know if they are open for dinner).  I go here for their turkey club.  The sandwich is thick and great.  Then they stack some great fries on top of the sandwich slices.  Usually eat half and take home half.  Food tastes great.  Prices are great.  And, if you are into it, their pies are great too.  Usually have Donna as our waitress.  She is friendly and makes you feel welcome.
3 For the price... it's not bad. The service was fine yet nothing spectacular.  Drinks? Order? Delivery...eat..Bill... Walk to the counter and pay...  That's about how it went.  I've been here twice now and have no idea what the servers name is as she hadn't told me (same server twice...) while not a big deal its still nice to talk to your server when the restaurant isn't very busy.  The food is average at best the burrito I had the second go 'round was huge... but greasy from the flattop.  For the price though, you could do worse...much worse.
2 Thanks, but no thanks.   We've driven by this place on multiple occasions and on my boyfriend's insistence that we give it a try, we finally did.   First impression, the crowd of elderly people was not encouraging, but we went inside and several tables were filled (and more were empty). We were instantly greeted by a young man, who was very nice and sat us in a booth. Two seconds later coffee was being poured into the mugs already on the table by our waitress, and a guy came and plopped water glasses down without a word and walked away.   The menu is sort of all over the place with pictures and bright colors (which didn't do the food any favors). That in itself made it difficult to order since I had a preview of what I was in for. Nonetheless I tried to ignore them and I ordered a #7 which was supposed to be an egg scramble with onions, bell peppers, mushrooms, bacon, and feta, accompanied by toast and home fries. My boyfriend got 2 eggs over medium with biscuits and gravy.   Shortly after ordering our food arrived. It did not look great and upon trying to stick a fork in mine I noticed the general lack of egg. There were peppers, there were mushrooms, there were onions, bacon galore, feta to be sure, but where were those pesky eggs? Apparently they are with Waldo in the kitchen. The "home fries".. Lets face it, they were hot nothing. No butter, no onions, no salt, no pepper, just what seemed like sliced boiled potatoes. Even Samwise would have avoided putting these in his stew.   I didn't try them, but my bf said the gravy was tasteless and his over medium eggs were cooked well.   The two young men chatting up front are whom I can only assume are the "brothers". They were very friendly in their designer jeans, but perhaps if they returned them they could afford a cohesive menu with food in their food. I mean, shouldn't there be eggs in an egg scramble? Perhaps next time we drive by ill pop in and give them a few eggs from my backyard chickens so they can avoid future embarrassment.
5 Great little restaurant with good food and a hometown feel. I have never had a bad meal at this place. I highly recommend.
4 Good food except the biscuit was not good at all in our opinion; very dry and no substance. The staff that we encountered was kind and welcoming. Nice place!
5 This is a great little place because of its character and because they do serve good food and have friendly service. It has been around for a long while and many people enjoy it's neighborhood diner environment. So if you want to stick your nose up to the largely populated elderly clientele or lack of five star food shame on you. You're expecting too much of the wrong thing and lack appreciation for what it's known for.   I do not consider myself bias as I have only been here a handful of times and therefor have no special ties. Though I've been here all my life and have known plenty of people who enjoy the establishment and consider it a sentimental part of Peoria. However the times I did dine here, all for breakfast, I was very pleased and left more than satisfied. If you're hungry for breakfast and are stuck on the generic Denny's or IHOP, venture out and try Brothers. Just remember it's a diner and not Ruth Chris steakhouse so you should know what to expect.
4 Great food! When my boyfriend and I travel we like to use Yelp to find favorite local places and It steered us to Brothers for breakfast. We ordered from the specials board : Chorizo and Green Chile omelet, which we split plus a short stack. The home fries benefited from the addition of the fresh salsa that was on the side; the omelet was very tasty as is. Pancakes were perfect. Service was friendly and quick. I recommend this place for all our spring training brethren!
1 Don't eat the fish!!  I had their grilled salmon.  Fish was dried, burnt, and the mashed potatoes tasted like shit with gingerbread gravy.  After about 10 minutes of trying to eat the salmon my stomach started hurting like someone had just pinched me.  I told the manager about the issue and he had the gall and tell me that good poisoning takes at least 24 hours for the effects of food poisoning to kick in. And he still expected me to pay for the good that made me feel ill.  I eventually had the charge removed however not happy.  I will not return to this establishment.
5 Great breakfast and gyro! Haven't had anything else yet. They have great service and a nice patio for us smokers :-)  Expect a wait for breakfast Saturday and Sunday!
2 Nice place with great service but the food is just so so, nothing special. Not bad but not good either, just ok. I think I will not return as there are better in the area.
4 Good food and quick and efficient service!  The staff was very friendly.  Cleaned up tables around us rather quickly!  Decent size parking lot!  Will definitely have a return visit!!
4 First time here,  friendly staff and customers. Had the Reuben on rye, very good.
1 I was here Friday May 9th 2014. This is one of those place you can tell from the moment you walk in the door has a very cheep owner who takes no pride in ownership. From the old cracked celling tiles to the cheap art on the walls to the food (more on that later) to the old cheap broken down equipment behind the counter. The bathroom was gross dirty and smelled terrible! It's a seat yourself type of place so we saunter over to a booth and wait for someone to come check on us. 5 minutes go by and no one has check on us. So I walk up to the cash register and ask if we could get some service and I get a major attitude from the lady sitting back there. Before I could get back to my seat a nice woman was dropping off menus and taking our drink orders and saying how sorry she was about the delay. Fair enough things happen and she was very friendly! I order a coke and water with lemon and my friend orders an iced tea with lemon. When we get our drinks the 1st thing we both notice is the brown spots on the lemons. When we ask about fresh lemons she says they all pretty much look like that. So my friend ordered the burger and the waitress asked if he wanted French fries he said yes. I ordered the grilled salmon with a salad fries and veggis. When the waitress brought me my salad I though it was a joke. GROSS GROSS GROSS! The lettuce was wilted and the tomato looked freeze dried. I could not believe that this was what passed for a salad around this place!!!! I mean the lettuce was seriously BROWN!!! UGH! I ask if they maybe had something fresher and she said that this is how the lettuce looked! OMG! REALLY?!?!? God I still can't believe it! So here comes our meal. My salmon was dry and bland! My friends was about on par with one you'd get from McDonalds. Nothing real bad just not something homemade. Then the bill comes. There was a charge for my friends fries. Who the hell sells and hamburger A la carte? So over all we were not impressed with any of it! The waitress was friendly and kept our drinks refilled so that was good. It's just one of those places you can tell the owner wants to do things as cheep a possible and is not worried about quality! I really hate to say this because I love to support local businesses but just do yourself a favor and go to the Denny's on Grand.
5 My wife and I have breakfast here every Sunday after church. The food is AMAZING for the price !  The Chicken Fried Steak is over the top - egss are fixed properly - the service is excellent from the time the "boys" greet you at the front door until you leave. What a wonderful family place ! Best breakfast spot in the Peoria area !  Harry & Margo Wheaton Peoria, AZ
2 Place was okay nothing special...typical breakfast. Server was nice which kind of made up for the mediocre food. Go to Denny's or IHOP cause you'll probably pay less and have more variety of food to choose.
2 The service was great but the food was horrible. I had a chicken sandwich with a side salad. The salad looked like it was swimming in a pool of Ranch dressing and the salad itself looked old. The chicken sandwich was plain.
