4 So I got a new camera, and I'm an SLR virgin.  Where to go?  I hate going to the big electronics stores unless I know exactly what I'm looking for.  For some really odd reason I don't like to be talked down to, especially by someone who thinks they are almighty Technogenius.  Working at Best Buy.  So I took my little ole self to this small private camera shop and not only walked out feeling more confident in my SLR skills, but never felt pressured.  Some things were more expensive than the big stores, but the guy definitely knows his stuff and sometimes you can find a good deal.  Plus he's not stingy with his knowledge.  So there, Best Buy.  So there.
5 I remember first going to Sun Camera when I was a freshman in high school. Eager to start my first photography class ever, I bought a Minolta X-700 SLR....still continuing with my passion for photography, today I shoot mostly digital, but I still (when I feel like shooting film) use that camera.  The employees here are all extremely helpful and really nice. I come here every so often still to get my Ilford B&W 400 speed film. They have a decent selection of films and a pretty vast selection of cameras for those who are looking to buy new or used.   I love this shop.
2 I must have missed something. The gentleman behind the counter was friendly enough, but the showroom left a lot to be desired. Tiny, not much inventory, and it looked like mostly older film cameras.  I was hoping to see some lighting options, but there was nothing to see. I'm thinking that they must do well with classes, developing and printing, and event photography as there just wasn't much hardware to see.     I imagine that the Internet makes it difficult to compete, and it looked to me like this shop is on it's last legs.
5 Great shop if you don't see what your looking for just ask. Vary helpfully and knows their stuff. Great price I came in looking at spending more on a camera and the owner help me and left with a cheaper camera and carry happy. Plan on shopping here for now on thank you sun camera.
