5 Jake's is a great little place to have your car worked on. I have gone here a couple times and the BF has gone here a few times, including today, for various car issues. Jake is a good guy who does good auto work. He is very honest and has fair pricing. This guy also really knows what he's doing when it comes to cars. I would recommend him for auto work to anyone.
5 How hard is it to find a mechanic that won't rip you off?! Jake is great! I just moved to the area and my dad recommended Jake for my wife's car's various issues. Jake called to check to make sure that we wanted each step done, and didn't come up with a huge list of unnecessary fixes. The parts he replaced, he saved to show us when we came in to pick up the fixed car. High-quality work at fair prices from an honest expert mechanic. What more could you ask for?  Cars Jake has fixed for myself and immediate family: 2001pontiac Grand prix, 1998 dodge caravan, 2011 toyota tacoma, 2006 toyota avalon  No problems or complaints on any of the work done on these cars, thanks again Jake!
5 I have have had my cars serviced at Jakes for over 20 years. I recently took my car in for service and as always, the work was done correctly, at the quoted price, and on time.  I highly recommend them for service to any one and have sent many people there for honest and complete service.
5 BEST MECHANIC IN TOWN!!! I went somewhere else and got a quote that was extremely high for me im a mom of 3 and Jake fixed it for half the price even took the time to show me the parts he took off and how bad they were. I loved how they made you feel like family his wife works in the front desk and was so reassuring i think she sensed my frustration and told me not to worry (they work with with you on cost) if i could give them 10 stars i would. Did i mention they were done in 3 hours and they did alot of work on my car i would of probably had to leave it for days somewhere else. I really recommend this shop to everyone whos looking for an honest mechanic. LOVE THIS PLACE AND MY CAR IS PERFECT.
5 Jake is amazing!!!!!!!! Friendly and trustworthy. Fixed my ac, changed my oil, and changed my spark plugs. He knew what was wrong when other places were giving me the run around!  Fair and reasonable prices. I can't recommend him enough! I'm a customer for life!!!
1 I had my alternator die in 2007 with 75k miles.  At the time I was stranded and the tow truck driver recommended this place.  It took him 3 hours to change the alternator and he charged $385 parts and labor. He said quote " it was buried and hard to get to it".  Fast forward my truck has 120k miles and the alternator dies with only 50k on the one he put in. I called tho see if he would warranty it and he said no. I decided to watch a YouTube video to see if I could replace it myself. $134 later and 45 minutes later including drive time to auto zone twice to purchase new parts and return the old core I have new alternator with a lifetime warranty. Actual install time 20 minutes.  DO NOT USE THIS PLACE. HE BLATANTLY LIED TO ME.
5 I spoke with Jake after I posted this review and it was my mistake it was not this vehicle. When we first talked I thought it was on my ford ranger but he change my alternator on a different vehicle a Ford Escape which does require removal of the axle please forgive me for posting this review in error.
