5 We had gotten three quotes for a pool fence, and all three were quite similar, so price is not a factor in my rating.  The service, however, was excellent.  From the original salesperson, to the two fence installers, to the person who answers their phone -- all friendly, professional, helpful, not pushy at all. About a month after installation we noticed that our gate needed a slight adjustment.  They sent someone out the very next day and he fixed it right away without any issue/fees/etc. We've had our fence for just about a year now and have been very pleased.
5 We were searching for a custom security door, and couldn't find anyone who would work with us and our design until we called DCS.  The salesperson took our drawing and was able to make our door exactly how we wanted, and for about the same price as some of the standard designs out there.    Their service was above, they even called along the way to update us on how it was going.  We just got it installed this week, and WE LOVE IT!!!  The installers took such care with installing the door, made sure everything worked, and even cleaned up when they were done.  This was such a great experience, especially to see your own design come real!!!  You have to give this place a call.......won't be disappointed!!!!!  THANKS EVERYONE AT DCS!!
1 If getting the work done is as difficult as getting an estimate, I wouldn't let the company do work for me. I had called and set an appointment time, which is like an appoint with the cable company (2-5pm). I needed it to be later in the afternoon so my husband could be home to discuss our ideas and the different fencing.   The day of the appointment, the service man called at 1130 saying he was done with his other jobs early and could he come over early. When I told him no and explained why, he said he would call the office to see if they could send someone else out. 2 o'clock rolls around and no call to say whether or not they would be sending someone out. So I called the office. I was told that they would be unable to send anyone else out today and didn't have any other late afternoon or saturday appointments this week or next. So what good did it do me to set the original appointment and why do I have to call them to find out that no one would be coming out on the day that THEY said they would?   I'm sure their work is fine and may even be great, but I am certainly not impressed with this first impression of the company. Good luck!
1 Horrible Service! Horrible Quality! We had a gate installed on the side of our brand new house using this company. I specfically asked that they install the gate high enough to clear our gravel. Not only did they put the gate as low as they could, they broke our cinderblock wall in two places, drilled 6 unnecessary holes in the wall of our house, and they didn't level the gate. The quality of the gate was poor, the latch was rudimentarily fashioned to the gate and the end was just got cut off to a sharp edge and not rounded or finished at all. When I called the company to complain, the receptionist put me on hold for 5 minutes and then came back on the phone and argued with me about the height of the gate. The installer told her that I said to put it as low as they could b/c of our dogs. Our dogs are huge. I don't think they would "slip" under a 3 inch clearance. Later that day, the installer showed back up, they didn't knock or notify me that they were coming back by, he just hopped our fence. I heard someone outside so I went ot the backyard and he was putting some sort of clear gel in the 6 holes.  Very unprofessional.
3 Issues were resolved after filing formal complaints with the BBB and ROC.
1 Requested 4 times online to receive an estimate.  No response.
4 My home had a side gate that was the boring standard square gate with wood slats that everyone seems to have in Scottsdale.   After deciding that some new gates would be a benefit to the appearance of my house I contacted several companies.   Nothing really stood out with any of them, and I selected DCS for the job because I liked the approach.  Since I make no claim to have a "design" gene, I left it up to DCS to create whatever gate style they wanted to best suit my home.     The gate was installed a while later after being made and I was very happy with how it looked the minute I drove home from work.     I'd do business with them again no problem.
5 Joe came by this morning to install a slidind door automatic closer as requred by City of Chandler as told to me by pool company.Joe came in and saw i had an alarm and stated"you only need an alarm OR an auto closer,not both".He called his boss who verified this and also i called the city building inspectors who also verified this.DCS could have easily taken my money and i would never have known. Its nice to see that there are honest business's here.
5 We were building our pool, and needed a fence.  DCS came out, gave us an estimate, and completed the job on schedule with no delays with our inspection.  We love the look of our fence, and the fact that they listen to you, and work with you is awesome.  I would like to say THANK YOU DCS Pool Barriers for an awesome job.  Would definitely recommend you guys!!!
5 These guys did a great job installing my pool fence.  It turned out better than I imagined.  And, they quoted me a better price than the other companies that I talked to. They were also the most professional.  I highly recommend DCS.
