5 I just had new tires put on my Durango and was pleasantly surprised at the cost.  They came recommended from co-workers that have all had good experiences there.  A friend of mine thought he needed bew breaks, when another shop told him he did.  Ralph's tires did not rip him off.  They were honest and did not reccomend new breaks when the work wasn't needed to be done.  Good honest people and great work.  I will continue to bring my car therefor future repairs.  Oh... And I forgot that they actually gave me $ back for a promotion that the cashier accidentally thought was expired.  It was an honest mistake, but he called me and hooked it up.
5 We have been to Ralph's several times and are always happy.  They don't try to get you to do things that don't need to be done (in two cases we had been told by another shop in town that we needed unnecessary repairs).    Their prices are fair.  And the last time my husband dropped his truck off they gave him a ride home!  Can't say enough about them.  Honest and the work is done right.  Every time!  My dad even brings his car in from Henderson to have them work on it.
5 Going to Ralph's Tire Pros is like going to visit family. They really look out for the best interests of the consumer, and I appreciate that. I went in today to have my tire pressures checked because I had them fill my tires with nitrogen to better maintain tire pressure a few months ago. They discovered one of my tires was suspiciously low, and noticed a screw in the tread of that tire. Before I knew it, they had removed the tire, patched it on the inside so the patch would last, and then remounted it at the correct inflation to my car. When I asked how much I owe them for the tire repair, they said, "Aw don't worry about it!" Ralph's Tire Pros stands behind their work, provides affordable pricing, and gave me the peace of mind I needed for driving my car on my upcoming summer vacation. I will definitely recommend Ralph's Tire Pros to all my friends and family.
5 I've been going to Ralph's for 20 years. They always do an amazing job with my tires!!! I recently had to put 4 new tires on my car and I swear, it's like driving a brand new car. My wheel alinement is a little off so they are taking care of that no problem. Honest and family owned. definitely talk to Ben or Drew!!
5 Ralph and his employees are so wonderful. They are always willing to go the extra mile to make me feel like im taken care of. I will never go anywhere else. Love them!!  They take the time to explain things to me, and I never feel like they are trying to convince me to do unnecessary repairs. They are always honest and so friendly as well.   I TRUST them, which seems impossible when it comes to people who work on my vehicle.
5 Ralph is very knowledgable about tires and carries a huge selection of name brand tires.
5 I went to Ralph's for the first time, can't say enough good things! He's a great guy, friendly, knowledgeable, etc. He's got all my future business!
1 Very disappointed!  Had a blow out on our fifth wheel about 15 miles out of Boulder City. Pulled I to RV park and told the gal why we were late and she Highly recommended Ralph's said he would get us in and out and on our way. Fast forward to next morning get to Ralph's and he didn't even have time to see if he had the tire
