5 I'm a lady and I'm currently driving my grandma's old car as I just finished school and I'm working on a down payment on a new one ... so long story short my car is old and needs some maintenance. My dad was in town to visit and took my car to Valley Automotive to diagnose why it was having difficulty starting. They took a look and made a fix that after getting the car back did not fix the problem. Here is what made this shop great - they stood behind their work and made the additional fix free of charge, no questions asked. The new fix would have been much more costly than the original.  Sometimes car issues are difficult to diagnose. We really appreciated them standing behind their work and being accountable. That is good business!
5 This is the best place in town! They are always friendly and do whatever they can to help you. There is no pressure or weird scare tactics and they work quickly. I highly recommend Valley Automotive.
5 My check engine light came on awhile back and I needed to find a good mechanic shop to get my repairs done. I actually found this place on twitter/Facebook. I sent them a message and asked if I could get a quote on labor only because I had purchased the parts myself. I got a response from KC and he gave a price for what the labor would cost. I was actually really surprised that I would even get a response because most shops would blow you off and just say to come in and will check it out. The online service I received was great. He answered my questions and even offered a discount. The thing I really like about Valley Automotive is that they don't bull shit you. They will show you whats wrong and give you a legitimate fair price on what it cost to get it done. Overall the service I received through social media and in person was excellent, good mechanics and a great deal.
5 KC, Steve, and Sam. What can I say except THANK YOU!!! You made a horrible experience into a wonderful memory. Everyone there went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable!! When they say customer service, they mean it!!!
5 Best customer service I've seen in an auto shop. KC, the owner, speaks with each customer individually and will go back with you and the mechanic in the garage to look at what's going on with your car. I ended up leaving our Odyssey overnight so they could fix the AC first thing the next morning, and KC offered to drive me home so my wife didn't have to come get me with all the kids! Very friendly, down to earth group of people here, and they stand by their work. One week after they fixed our AC, a plastic panel came loose near the ac compressor. After looking at it with Robert, the mechanic who helped us, we realized the car had some previous internal body damage from the prior owner (we bought it used) which likely played part in the panel coming off, but because it was involved in the area of the ac repair they still offered to order the part and replaced it free of charge!
5 This review is long overdue! I thought I had already written it, but apparently in the craziness of finals I forgot. Anyways, onto my review...  After driving back from California a couple months ago, my check engine light came on and my car was shaking like crazy. Upon referral from a friend, and after reading all the Yelp reviews, I decided to bring my car (Honda CRV) into Valley Automotive. Boy was I glad I did! I got an initial estimate from KC and his staff, but after doing some work it ended up that there was more wrong with my car than was initially thought. However, rather than me having to pay for the additional fixes, KC offered to foot the bill! I was shocked, but forever grateful! The thing that sets Valley Automotive apart from most other auto shops is they care about their customers and want to do right by them. As a graduate student with little money, I appreciate the honest business and work that KC and his staff do at Valley Automotive. I happily referred a friend to them so she could get a second opinion after taking her car to another shop. Valley Automotive saved her money and she was equally as impressed with the service she received!  Apparently my car doesn't like the Vegas heat (who does like 115 degree weather?!) and I noticed that it is leaking coolant. I will gladly be taking my car back to Valley Automotive and doing business with KC and his team again!
5 We've been taking our cars to Valley Automotive for over 10 years and are always pleased with their service. They are nice, honest and go above and beyond to make sure we are satisfied with the work. Thank you for making your customers feel valued!
5 I drive from the other side of Henderson to have my car taken care of here! I love that the Valley Automotive will take the time to find quality parts at a lower rate. They are honest & let you know when you don't need work done on your car!  They have the cleanest bathroom & lounge area I've seen at an auto shop.  Plus they have Netflix available in the waiting area! I'll definitely be back!
5 I just took my truck to these guys cause my check engine light was on and I couldn't pass a smog check without it.when I first got inside I was recently greeted by the owner of the shop with great hospitality felt he was a really cool guy they look at my truck and found that the fuel pump wasn't put on properly from the other place I took my truck to for a new fuel pump well they fixed that and did a diagnostic check on the truck to make sure nothing else was wrong for free I tried to pay for the diagnostic but they said no charge I will be returns to these guys for any of my car repairs I recommend these guys for any of our car care needs oh May I add they have Netflix in the waiting room normally mechanic shops have dr.phil or some crap talk show on but these guys got a 5 star waiting room
5 After calling around to find a place that would fix my glove box latch for me cheaper than Honda I found this place and what a wonderful place it is!!! I spoke with Mike and explained my situation and he told me to just bring car over after work to see if it was just an easy fix. After a good 25 min of trying to figure it out, he found the part and we scheduled for repair.  The entire thing only took about 45 min MAYBE! and the price was HALF of what Honda wanted to charge me!!!!  Mike was beyond friendly and helpful!  I have already told some of my coworkers if they ever need something to try this place out!!!  Thank you thank you thank you!!!!
5 Thank you, you guys were great the brake job and other small auto repairs you did were awesome!!!   Being a female I am very skeptical about auto repair facilities and mechanics having been ripped off many times but you guys were awesome and honest.   I had just been told by another shop on American Pacific that I needed rear brake pads, rotors, calipers, and cylinders (or something like this) and I was told that it would cost over $1000,  being so expensive I decided that I had to get a second opinion and I am glad that I did.  After looking online I called Valley Automotive and they were very helpful.  Mike who I spoke to on the phone made me an appointment for a free inspection for that afternoon.  After the inspection Mike took me out back and showed me the problem, apparently I was down to the scratchers on the pads and needed rear brakes and rotors BUT I did not need calipers or cylinders unfortunately I did have a blown brake bulb and a nail in my front tire but other than that I was good.  I am so glad that I found Valley Automotive, you guys have made a customer for life.  Thank you.
5 I'm so relieved to have found a good mechanic in town! These guys are the best! They are honest and very friendly, oh and they won't rip you off! I will definitely be going here for all of my car upkeep! Also check out their fb page for deals, or ask about it when you go in!
5 Fast and friendly service. Will use them again in the future.
5 This is now my "go to" place.. Very honest and reliable. They could've easily gotten extra money out of me, but they kept it honest. And my air conditioning works great!!!
