5 We use this for a post office location for our business.  The afte hours access helps us with our schedules and the employees see us coming so if are there during normal hours, we don't have to fumble with getting our box open.  We also use the location to receive packages and appreciate the email notifications when packages arrive.  The owner is very involved and is friendly and helpful. His involvement is evident in the way his employees act.
1 This store is horrible. I went in on a Friday and paid $21.29 ($14.81 in shipping costs) to have a package to California by Tuesday. Today is Tuesday and when I tracked the shipment online it said the shipping label has been created and once the package arrived at the facility, the delivery date will be updated.  Umm...what??? Shouldn't all of that have been done? The store is already closed so I called UPS Support. The guy was nice but said the store hasn't shipped the package to them yet but that they did accept payment for it. Great. Now what I shipped won't get to my sister in time who is leaving for France early Thursday morning. Who knows if the store even has my package anymore (I'm going to find out).  What a waste of money and time. I have a baby so running shopping and shipping errands in 100+ heat isn't exactly easy.  By the way, my dad used this same store and paid for two day shipping (for an expensive electronic)...the package took 5 days to get there. I should've just gone to the post office. It would have been cheaper and I wouldn't be out $100+ dollars on the cost of a gift and shipment. I've never had such poor results from a UPS store. Save yourself the hassle and use the kiosk at the post office.
5 Gabbi was busy but didn't get flustered at the huge line that almost went out the door. She handled me and my three boxes of stuff, quick as a flash and got us out the door. Emailing labels for collect on account shipment was easy. Very impressed with service and ease of shipping, especially with hiw busy for noon in a Monday, they turned out to be.
