5 I've been living in Las Vegas for 3.5 years and one thing that has been a constant in our lives is our Pest Control guy - Danny.  He comes around every other month like clockwork, always on time (especially on those early morning calls).  Usually it's the Husband who lets him and walks around the house as he sprays that stuff to keep the buggies out.  Coming from the Bay Area, a regular pest person was something we never thought about.  Things are entirely different here in the desert and everyone should have a regular pest person come by and spray your house.  He's super friendly and chats it up with the Husband while he works.  I once mentioned that he's the only service person that knows the ins and outs of our house.  He knows the pictures hanging on your wall and what kind of furniture you have.  It's good to trust him.    A couple of months back, I noticed a couple of wasps nests forming on my patio.  A quick call to the main office, and they had Danny out by the afternoon to take care of it.    Billing is a breeze -  it's automatically billed on our credit card and everything is taken care of.  If we ever have to change the time, we just call the main office (or Danny directly) and we find a time that works for everyone.    Should we ever move to another location in Las Vegas or Henderson, Danny is one person we'll be taking along with us.
5 Great company! Been using them for years and I've never had a problem. The technicians seem to always be on time and are very friendly. I have recommended them to everyone I know and my whole family uses this company.
1 So I set an appointment for Saturday.  In the morning, I tried calling the office to confirm the appointment time but they are closed on Saturday.  I had to run out for a minute but I put a note on the door informing them I would be back before 10:30.  I returned at 10:13 to find a card telling me that they wouldn't wait and I would have to reschedule with the office which of course isn't open until Monday so that wasn't going to be much help.  Sad thing is if they had called me to say they would have to leave I could have come back in 1 minute as I was just around the corner.  They didn't even knock or ring the bell as my daughter was home and could have at least told them where I was and that I could be back in 1 minute.  I am so tired of places making you have to wait indefinitely for an appointment but if you are 1 minute late they refuse to wait.
