2 Crappy cashier stood and stared at me instead of greeting me. Place was full of redneck-types and whatnot too. I only went here because we needed to stop by the post office before getting some food in the morning, and now I've learned my lesson.
4 It is what it is... fast food... however this one is very clean and the woman behind the counter was extremely nice. The food was hot even by the time I got it home and it didn't look like Ronald McDonald puked it out! Tasted great... again... as far as fast food goes.
1 I ALWAYS come to Jack In The Box after a long night of partying.  Their greasy food is the perfect remedy to soak up the alcohol in your system and super convenient that their drive thru is open 24 hours a day.   What really ticked me off about this place last night was the fact that I arrived there to find out that their cash register was updating and would take up to 10 minutes.  They told me to pull around the other side and they would let me know when it's done.  During this time, a bunch of car came by and was waiting as well.  No one came out to signal that they were up and running again.  I started out as the first car in line and ended up being the very last car in the drive thru that night.  It took almost 20 minutes to finally get my meal.  Boy was I ticked off!    Honestly, it probably won't stop me from continuing to get my fast food fix, but I just wanted to take the opportunity to rant about the overall experience.
1 Do not eat fast food unless you really cannot afford anything else.
1 I have always wanted to try this place we don't have any in Florida. My thoughts is jack can stay I the box. It only got a star cause you have to do something. The food was awful, nasty just no!!
5 The new Bacon Insider is DELICIOUS!!! I'm so shocked that this quality of sandwich is a quick drive up the road to my local JnB's!!! Who knew! I do and now I am able to enter Burger heaven any time I please. Too bad everything else in life can't be this simple.  Oh yeah, the store was clean, I received my food in record time and the strawberry Fanta was very fizzy. What more can you expect from a JnB? Exactly...
1 Worst jack in the box I have ever been too. 1st there are a couple of transients that like to hang out at this location. The good all tasted nasty like they hadn't changed the oil in years. Also our order took about 15 minutes to get when inside and we only ordered about $12 bucks worth of food. I won't be going back to this location. Yuck
