4 Combination chicken fast food joint and gas station? Yessss! It's so convenient when I need to fill my car and my stomach! Joking aside this Popeye's isn't bad. Pretty much what you expect if you like their chicken. All of the workers seem really nice here too, they normally let you know if they have any specials but I would be sure to ask them just in case. And while you're waiting for your food you can just pop in the gas station store (they're connected). If not, they also have a drive-thru.
5 Great food , this location is inside of a shell station (Circle K products). The popeyes employees don't care if you get a drink from the Circle K side (as long as you order chicken , duh). Great for lunch or dinner. And on tuesdays they have the $1 special.
1 I love POPEYES I would drive 2 hours to get it... but I don't have to now.  Enough said.... there chicken was extreamly dry and not very hot.....cook less more often..... keep it fresh and hot.... I still don't like that you took cajun rice off the menue... they only place to get it is mesa or the airforce base in goodyear.... looks like I'm driving to kingman time....
4 I love popeyes. It's kind of a big deal in the south. This ones not quite the same and takes its sweet time pulling together your order but its still pretty good.
1 Today would have been the first time I would have tried Popeyes chicken after having seen one of their commercials I was drawn in to give it a try.   The commercial advertises that the dippin chicken is available for a limited time and or 4.99 and when I got to the drive thru it was 5.99 but since the food in de commercial looked good I decided to still order it since I am not familiar with their products.  Then the lady in the drive they said they do not have the product anymore.    This was an unpleasant visit.  The image the restaurant gave me was not one to go drive to another location that could have the product.   Not a good first impression ):
3 It's Popeyes. Chicken was good, service was fast, just stopped for a bite to eat before the hockey game so don't know if I'll ever be back but... It's really small and it's inside the Circle K on the corner of thunderbird and 83rd.   Parking is scarce unless your getting gas as well.
