4 I love this place,  the buttermilk bars are to die for.  Forget about krispy kreme this is a mega donut!  Stephanie always is happy and cheerful at the counter.
5 I sincerely forgot about this place until I saw someone else review it.  That is a damn shame.  Friendly's has the best donuts I've ever had in my life.  Period.  Ever.  An unassuming little suite in an old strip mall in old Henderson, you wouldn't assume that such fine breakfast pastries await.  I had to get donuts from here every Saturday morning for over a year as part of my duties for my salon.  Every time, every week for 52 weeks, they were fresh and delicious and...and I don't even LIKE donuts.  If you're in the vicinity, give them a visit.  The line is long for a reason.  2 dozen for $10.  Just do it.
4 If you want REAL donuts, come here!!!
5 Best donuts in town by far. It takes me two or three sittings to finish one of their apple fritters. They are fantastic.
5 Best. Donuts. EVER! Too bad I moved, but when I lived in Henderson, I was addicted to these donuts! The apple fritter and buttermilk were my regulars. It was hard to try anything else cause those things were so damn good! The people behind the counter are always very friendly.  Seriously, the best donut shop ever.  Super cheap too!!
4 Friendly Donut is another favorite donut shop of locals.  A family friend has been raving about them for years and we finally took her advice. And yes, the donuts were good.   Its tucked away in the corner of an old strip mall right in-between a shoe repair shop and a chiropractor. Just look for the simple DONUTS signage. You would pass them buy if you looked only at the store fronts. The interior decor was exactly what I would expect from a good donut shop...simple, a few random pictures, a Buddah statue,  bamboo plants, a advertising board for local business, and a few old tables and chairs. Don't ever judge a donut shop by their dirty tables...judge them by how many people are sitting at those tables! In the mornings, Friendly's has their regulars that will walk thru the door and the lady behind the counter already knows what to get them. On any given morning you'll see all the regular old timer HotRod builders  having donuts talking shop. And you get to check out their cool cars out front.  Now on to the goods...The donuts were similar to another donut shop, I won't name drop...but it rhymes with Donalds Robots LOL! We always pick up a dozen or two of misc of donuts and just take a bite from each one...but our favorites are the maple bars. Its light and fluffy with a delicious glaze. The chocolate covered bars are also good. I'm not a big bear claw fan, but I loved it. It was a good combo of donut and the right amount of flavorful apple fillin...it was just right.. My wife loves the cinnamon roll, its pretty big fluffy donut with a nice taste of cinnamon and glaze.  My in-laws love the Bavarian cream and so does all the old timers who frequent the place. We just tried their maple covered buttermilk donuts and WOW...I think we found ourselves another favorite. We here the apple fritters are good but we haven't tried them yet.  Pick up your donuts in the AM (they are open 7 days a week from 4am-10pm), its fresh and you won't be disappointed. Plus you'll have a better selection. The donuts are also CHEAP...I recently picked up a dozen mixed and a dozen donut holes for under $10.00...not bad. And another tip: CASH ONLY! not to worry their are many ATM/ Banks on Boulder Hwy.  Friendly's is right up there with the best of Las Vegas donut shops and it would hang with any of the LA donut shops. Shame on the people who say that Las Vegas has crappy donut shops...here's a tip- you won't find a good donut shop on the LV strip. Look with your mouth not with your eyes.  Aloha
4 It was my day to bring in donuts for our weekly staff meeting, so I finally had a reason to stop into Friendly Donut House. I  had heard great things about the quality and price of the donuts at Friendly and I was not disappointed one bit.  I was a little taken aback by the size of the cinnamon rolls, bear claws and apple fritters. They are massive, I think it would take me a week to eat one!   I ended up with a dozen assorted donuts, I let the person working the counter pick which I got because my co-workers really aren't picky.   NOTE: This is a CASH ONLY establishment.
5 I am a serious donut polygamist.  When I make a commitment, it's usually to at least half a dozen baked treats.  I know some folks believe that it is "one woman, one donut," but I've never been one to stand on tradition.  So when I hit Friendly Donut House, I ordered up the baker's dozen and went home with a treasure trove of sugary companions.    I chose the place based on all the positive Yelp reviews and they weren't wrong.  Friendly Donut is a classic small donut shop but better--the donuts are lighter and tastier than the standard chains (looking at you DD) and the variety is amazing.    I took home the chocolate raised, the cruller, blueberry, cake with sprinkles, bear claw and a few others.  The cruller with fresh and perfectly crisp.  The blueberry was glazed and over-the-top sweet (but that's what I'm looking for).  And the chocolate raised has earned a spot on my top five donut mantle--fresh and doughy but wonderfully light with a perfect chocolate ring.  And if the food wasn't brilliant enough, the atmosphere is perfect.  When I was there on a Sunday, I stood in line with folks dressed to the nines for church, gear heads talking over their modifications to their hot rods and a few teenagers in pajamas.    Friendly Donut House is a rarity in the valley--a small, family owned-business with local flavor.  I promise to love it until death do us part.
2 Not sure what all the fuzz was about. Finally tried out this place and left dissapointed. I was craving for apple fritters and bear claws, but by 11.30am all the good stuff was sold already, so had to settle for left-overs that were okay, but nothing special.
3 So it was Saturday night, my wife and I had finished one of her outstanding home cooked meals (too bad I can't Yelp those 5 star delights), but there was just one thing missing...dessert. Now I am a dessert-er. Because of this, I consider my self somewhat of an aficionado in the desserting world. So I checked out Yelp and Friendly Donut House popped up. It was about 8pm and after reading the reviews we decided to hop in the car and partake in the warm donut extraviganza between 8:30-9pm.   Let me start my official review of Friendly's Donut House by saying I am not a hater towards donuts. I like Krispy Kreme's and Dunkin Donuts. I'll eat store bought donuts, 7-11 donuts, and the occasional dessert donut at a restaurant. I am no donut yuppy, I embrace donuts. So when the chance to have donuts hot off the press presented itself, I jumped at the opportunity. Unfortunately they were just (as the Star option says) A-Ok. We ordered a 1/2 dozen (2 maple bars, 2 chocolate bars, 1 old fashioned, 1 chocolate cake). They weren't great, they weren't terrible. I've had much better. I don't live in Henderson, certainly not near the classy establishments (insert sarcasm) this place finds itself next to, so it's unlikely that I will return. Had they been the most amazing, mouthwatering, earth shattering donuts in history I would definitely find ways to make return trips - unfortunately they were just aight. Had they not been hot & fresh there's a chance they may have even been a bit below average. Too bad, my hopes were very high.  Definitely worth a stop if you have a chance to try their fresh donuts - otherwise, one of the chain donut shops is just as good.
5 Went through an episode straight from Seinfeld -- Some people would downgrade their review 1-2 stars but to me, it just put an exclamation mark on my donut eating experience.  I walked into the small, quaint store with a simple sign outside that read "Donuts" and walked to the counter where there was a bell.  I rang the bell and out came a Vietnamese man.  Our conversation went as follows:  (VDM - Vietnamese Donut Man) --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Me: These all look so good.  Which are the freshest?  VDM: What you mean  - ALL DONUT FRESH!  Me: (short pause....) I mean....which are the hottest?  VDM: NO DONUT HOT.  HOW I CARRY FROM TRAY IF HOT ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- At this point I can tell he's annoyed and pissed.  My friends and I kind of find the situation funny.  My friends order 2 donuts and then I can smell an iced cherry donut in the back.  Me: Oh wow, are those Cherry donuts?  They must have just come out.  VDM: ALL DONUT FRESH! WHAT YOU MEAN. YOU ORDER YOU BUY!  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Clearly there was a communication disconnect.  I think it's pretty standard to ask which donuts just came out.  He took it as I was saying his donuts weren't fresh when there's clearly a sign on the door that reads the Freshesh and Best Donuts in town.  These donuts are far superior to Ronald's.  They are fried goodness and they consisently bring out fresh batches as VDM recommends.  My advice:  Look for the older shorter VDM and ask him, "What time is best to get the freshest donuts!"     I'll definitely be back!!!  LOL
4 I got here late in the day, so the selection was limited.  I was looking for raised donuts, but all I was left with was buttermilk.  So I tried one for the hell of it...and I'm glad I did.  I'll be back.
5 Perfect, delicious donuts. It's our neighborhood's best donut shop. :)
5 Excellent donuts.  As good as you are going to find.  The only negative is that dont have donuts all of the time.  When they are fully stocked...its gonna be a good day.
5 I've been going here for 12 or 13 years. My dad decided to go here when we first moved to Henderson. They are by far the best donut shop around. The best time to go is late at night when they are super fresh. They only take cash which now I find a very good thing because it keeps my husband from going here all the time.   They beat any main stream company including dunkin and the grocery store donuts.
5 So the key to this place is to get here around 8:30-9pm...that's when the fresh batch of donuts leaves the fryer.  I got a couple nice warm chocolate bars (just the right doughy texture) a vanilla French cruller, as well as some doughnut holes just for the hell of it.  This cements it...one of the best donut houses in Henderson/Las Vegas.
5 Perfection in a donut.  Great crullers and monster fritters.
5 These donuts really are the best in town. For me, there is nothing worse than buying a donut only to find that it is stale! That is never an issue here - In fact, years back, the first time we tried to go to Friendly's we were out of luck because they had run out of donuts! We usually go later in the day or into the evening and they are well stocked again. My favorite is the buttermilk bar - the right balance of sweet glaze and soft cakey inside! Just a word of warning - they are cash only!
5 Come for the crullers, stay for the apple fritters.   One of my favorite donut places in town. I do not live anywhere close to Friendly's so I only tend to visit to get my donut fix when I'm visiting someone in the area.   On this most recent visit, I was in the area for a baby shower. I have been talking these donuts up for ages, so my fella was gung ho about seeing what the hype was all about. We tried to order the crullers, but unfortunately they don't fry those up until 4:30 and it was only 2, darn! Freshness is the name of the game here, so we settled for the apple fritters fresh off the line. We bundled up our fritters and headed back on our 30 minute journey back home. By the time we arrived home, our fritters were still warm and gooey. They were heaven.   Not a regular on my donut rotation because it's so far away, but definitely worth the trip if you're anywhere in the area.
5 When I moved here 23 years ago I thought I found my "donut shop for life" in Donut Delight on Sahara only to have it close.  Puffins Pastries on Sandhill became my new donut fixation but unfortunately they also closed.  One day a few years ago a co-worker brought in a box of donuts for a business meeting.  I was intrigued to see they weren't from a chain so I took one (glazed raised) and was  completely taken by surprise at how good it was - glazed raised are not my donut of choice but if they could get such a simple, plain donut so right; yeasty, not greasy, slightly sweet with just the right amount of glaze, there might be hope.  I went that Saturday and bought my favorite - an apple fritter - and was pleased to find they didn't disappoint.  Crispy edges, lots of apple flavor/pieces, spicy and not too sweet.  You can't really call an apple fritter light and fluffy, but it was by no means greasy or heavy, just filling.  I have since had their maple bars, old fashioned, plain cake, chocolate/chocolate, and cinnamon buns.  Friendly's is now my "donut shop for life".
4 Don't get here later in the day and don't forget your cash. I'm hot and cold on Friendly Donuts. On one hand the selection if you get there early on weekends is good. The service though can go from nice and friendly to slow and surly. Parking even for being in a Smith's parking lot can kinda suck to get in and out of. I've seen a line almost to the door on several occasions so don't be in a hurry. But when they are out of Bavarian creme filled donuts and time permits, she'll fill them for you on the spot. As much as I want to nitpick and grumble, it's a local business, they try hard, and the donuts keep us coming back. The place could sure use a remodel and some sprucing up...but if you just grab your box and go...you'll forget about that for the most part.   4 stars...grudgingly earned. NO DEBIT / CREDIT CARDS, CASH ONLY!!!!
4 Growing up in SoCal, there was a donut shop in almost every strip mall, so it wasn't difficult to satisfy a crumb donut craving there.  It's probably a good thing that donut shops are not that easy to come by here, so when I do get a hankering for one, it usually involves Yelping to find the best around and I was led to this little gem.  I stopped by Friendly's on the way to work this morning since it's not far from downtown Henderson and it was definitely a friendly experience all around:  selection, service, and sweet goodness.  I got my beloved crumb donut and a few glazed ones for my co-workers and we all agreed it was the perfect start to our day.
5 Wow wow wow!  The buttermilk bar was AMAZING!  Their apple fritter is huge so share with your friends and family!  You can easily finish a dozen of mini glazed donuts because they are so light and puffy.  I did not like their iced cake donuts unfortunately.  Everything else is super good in your mouth and super bad in your body.  I really wish this place was in Florida :(
5 Hands down the most amazing donuts in the world! Freindly staff, elderly regulars in the morning, total small town feel. worth the trip, do your self and family a favor and go get some sweet treats from this place.
5 I have a bad habit of going to work out and then stopping to get really horrible food to regain my strength. Donuts it is! And these ones are amazing. It's kind of hidden in the Smith's parking lot but definitely worth it. Donuts are cheap cheap cheap here and tasty. I usually don't even get all the way out of the parking lot before I have devoured my cake donut with sprinkles (I'm still a kid and I still like sprinkles).   Get there early--I got there around 10am yesterday and they were out of donut holes, glazed, and many many other varieties. Cash only, so don't forget or else you won't get your donut sugar high.
5 I don't know of a better doughnut shop. I've been going here for over 10 years. They are always fresh and greasy. They come in an old fashioned pink box. And it seems that no matter when I go, they are open,. I think the old couple lives in the back! (Not really but I went in at 2am one time in college and they were making doughnuts!) What an awesome little place. FYI - they only take cash.
5 I am new in the area.  Went here to pick up some doughnuts for work and let me tell you, these were amazing.  The woman at the front counter was super nice, gave me their card to spread the word and was very informative about the doughnuts.    I'll be going there this weekend early to pick up some doughnuts for friends.  They are that good.  Their card is posted at work for others to share.
5 Best doughnuts ever. I made the mistake of taking a dozen of these little gems to the office one day and now they expect them every Friday. I don't really have a favorite, they are all great. Remember CASH is the only form of payment accepted.
5 Yup, they ARE that good!  who would have thought there are donuts THIS GOOD in a non-descript location.  don't let it fool you!  we are glad we did not let it fool us!
5 Mmmmmm....  Donuts....  We had dinner next door at Johnny Mac's then when leaving we decided to stop and get a donut to take home for dessert.   One donut X3 turned into a box of donuts after drooling over the display case.   They were making fresh donuts in the back while we were there and the aromas convinced us to get way more donuts then we could actually eat, so left over donuts at every meal today and they still taste fresh!  My two favorites, old-fashioned and apple fritter, were delicious.  Our guest had a glazed donut stuffed with cream cheese that he said he would gladly go back and get a box of just those!   But I say get the maple and chocolate frosted old fashioned and you will not be sorry.  Because I can not find a donut shop that opens early enough to stop on my way to work (0430), I have stopped here in the evening and picked up a couple of boxes to take in the next day and the donuts are always a hit.
4 My daughter and I try to sneak to this quiet little donut shop located on Boulder Hwy at least once a week before school. We love Friendly Donut House as it is the only "mom & pop" donut shop around our area. Krispy Kreme, Dunkin Donuts and Winchell's have nothing on this place!  All their donuts are made fresh and are sooooo tasty. Our favorites are the maple bars and glazed old-fashions with a few glazed donut holes for an added (yummy) touch ;) They recently raised their prices from $.85/donut to $.95/donut but I nor the others seem to mind as they are always busy.  A few tips: make sure to get there early as they run out of donuts around or after 8am. There are a lot of people who pick up dozens of donuts for work and they sell out quickly. Also, this is a cash only business so make sure you're prepared with your dollar bills y'all ;)
3 The donuts are good, nothing amazing but good. The problem is they never have any donuts! You have to go at 7am or not at all..We've been 5 times and only got donuts twice because the other times there was nothing. Most donuts places have racks of donuts in the back to re-stock. It seems like here its one tray of a certain kind of donut and thats it.
5 SOMEONE SAY APPLE FRITTERS  This UHE "Unofficial Henderson Event" just can't stop eating.  We start at Thelma's Filipino Restaurant, then to Taiwanese style Frost Bite Shavery and a few hundred feet away to a Vietnamese owned donut shop.  An apple fritter for my Yu-go chauffeur and a maple bar for moi.  Not eating here but going to have them for our snack while watching a dvd and of course in much cooler temperatures.
4 Great doughnuts!  Cash only.
4 Friendly has an apple fritter that is worth the drive if you don't live in Henderson.  It's thinner than a lot of fritters I've had, but loses nothing in the way of density.  It's thin structure means you get more of the crisp bites on the outside, which are of course the best parts of an apple fritter.  It is probably the second best apple fritter I've ever had after Stan's in Westwood Village in Los Angeles.  The apple fritter at Friendly has apple in every bite, the concentration was very even.    I had a large old fashioned bar which was a little thick for me, but light and fluffy with a great glaze.  I didn't try the maple bar or jelly filled out of our dozen, but those that did liked then and would order them again.  As many note, Friendly is cash only, so plan accordingly.
5 The best donuts in Las Vegas. After movies at the Cinedome or meals at Johnny Macs, we always stop by this small donut shop for delicious pastries that never disappoint.  From the monstrous apple fritters to the out of this world maple bar, each bite of every donut is better than the last. My mouth is watering just writing about how tasty these donuts are!  Don't waste your time with those sugar bites over at Krispy Kreme. If you are looking for big donuts with lots of flavor, this is the place to go.
5 WOW!! Ronald's, you got some SERIOUS competition!  Talk about perfect timing...we were the LAST customers at the Frost Bites trailer, we got the LAST cup of Banana Snow, and it was 8pm. I see in the distance, an OPEN light flashing at Friendly's Donut House. I said to myself  "Self, we're here and they're still open, so we might as well check it out?......LESSSSSSSGO!!!  It's 8pm, there's also a dude with his family enjoying their loot, but they were definite regulars because this guy was like Yoda in a Troy Polamalu Jersey nodding his head as he saw me peruse the FULL case snapping shots of donut goodness(at 8pm!?!?!) wifey and I are ready to place our order, I open my wallet, and I find A CRISP ONE DOLLAR BILL.......Nooooooo!!!  Friendly's, like Ronald's is a cash only business. Luckily, the guy behind the counter mentioned that there was an ATM at Smith's. The guy in the jersey says very calmly "The Glazed is good.....The Glazed is good." He kinda read my mind because I like all kinds of donuts-cake, old fashioned, crullers, etc. but my absolute favorite is a warm yeast raised glazed donut. The worker adds with a smirk "The Maple Bars should be out by the time you get back." So I made like Usain Bolt and 50-yard dashed it to Smith's, and bolted back to see the guy placing the WARM maple bars in the case...:9  We HAD to get a Maple Bar, and also got another one of my favorites, Chocolate glazed Bavarian cream donut, a HUGE apple fritter, and a Cherry glazed French Cruller. On his way out, the guy in the Jersey reminds me-"Twist Glazed...Twist Glazed." and as he said, we got a Twist Glazed which was also warm and did not disappoint! It was also my  first time having a Maple Bar and what better way to try it than warm and freshly glazed?...MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH!!! Content with our sugar rush, the other goodies were boxed up and enjoyed for breakfast the next day. Hendersonians are very lucky to have this neighborhood gem!  ALOHA!!!
5 Awesome, best D-nuts in town.
3 I debated on what rating to give these guys. Finally, I went with a 3 star not because of lack of taste, but lack of consistency.  Let me just say their Bavarian cream donut is to die for!! But that is the problem unless you get there at the right time they are all gone or as I experienced last time they filled donuts that really were not intended to be a cream filled. This resulted in only half of the donut being filled with cream. Very disappointing being I can only eat half of the donut!    Don't get me wrong for a good old glazed donut they have them and they are tasty. If you love apple fritters my husband is in total love with them. The coffee is fairly fresh and they have a nice fridge with assorted milk and juice.  The key when visiting Friendly Donut's is getting their EARLY!! They will be fresh and sugary!
5 Best doughnut I've ever had in my life.  We didn't go in until around 11am so they were pretty sold out.  Seriously, best doughnut I've ever had.  Game, set, match.
5 Items Selected: Apple Fritter Apple Bearclaw Blueberry Cake Old Fashioned Bismarck Cherry Glaze Cruller  Freshly transplanted to Las Vegas just days prior and with friends new and old in town an early morning trek after my typical morning run landed me at the doors of Friendly Donut House just after 5:30am, the Henderson breakfast staple already playing host to a sextet of elderly gentlemen holding court over coffee plus a pair of folks joining in.  Truly oldschool in terms of design, variety, and price with customers more like kin to the friendly staff it was clear on entry that the presence of a camera was not common around these parts and inquiring into my business I briefly explained, the end result a few laughs and rolled eyes followed by a multitude of suggestions and one congenial fellow refusing to allow me to pay, instead suggesting my half dozen be "placed on his tab," a tab the clerk suggested he never pays anyhow.  Thanking everyone involved and taking my selections to the street it would not be long before the tasting began and opting for variety the most remarkable thing about Friendly was consistency; each fried pastry a textbook example of its genre with light yeastiness to the raised options and supple textures beneath a crisp glaze on the buttermilk and blueberry.  Moving next to an impressive Bismarck suggested to me as 'can't miss' by the table of two and then to a delicate cruller with thick cherry glaze it was largely expected that what followed would represent "saving the best for last" and sure enough both enormous bearclaw filled with spiced apples and the crispy apple fritter would prove the best I've found in Las Vegas and although perhaps not 'destination' worthy, certainly worth a visit for those in or around Henderson.
5 Great doughnuts! ! But they are nearly sold out already this morning!!! Sigh guess its no doughnuts for us to today :(
5 If you want a legit donut then come here to Friendly Donut House! Even if you don't live in the Henderson area, this local run mom & pop business is worth the drive. After hearing so much about it from yelpers and co-workers, I met hubby here for a quick breakfast before work and wasn't disappointed! When I walked in there were several old timers hanging out talking, playing cards and reading the paper. There was this instant family feel that was comforting and inviting. The woman behind the counter greeted us and was patient with us while we made the hard decision of which donut to try. We picked out our few donuts and when I asked if they had any milk, the woman behind the counter said they had regular and chocolate. I was so stoked to see it was "Anderson Dairy" milk! I grew up on that stuff and am addicted to the chocolate milk. Score! The smaller milks were a $1 each.   So we ended up with a "Bear Claw", "Apple Fritter" and "Cinnamon Roll" that were $1.75 each. The bear claw was filled with apples and it was SO good! I never thought that I could find a place that comes close to my favorite donut shop in Placentia, Ca, but this place does! I split the donut in half with hubby and was pleasantly stuffed. Even though I was stuffed, I managed to take 2 bites of the apple fritter and couldn't believe the apple explosion in my mouth! This was a fritter that had tons of apples in it and all the textures a fritter should have. The cinnamon roll ended up going to one of my co-workers because we just had no room left and wanted someone to enjoy it fresh. How does anybody ever decide on one donut at this place? I will have to go full on and get a dozen to take home next time!  Friendly Donut House accepts CA$H ONLY!
5 Hot damn! This place serves one GREAT apple fritter! I have been craving one since I first tried it a couple weeks ago. I came back this last Monday and they were sold out by 9 am! I had a glazed and one with sprinkles and my belly thanked me. The couple times I have been now the tables have been packed. There was also a long line but it moved along smoothly. They have milk, juice and coffee for beverage options, I personally like milk with my donuts. I would suggest getting here early before donuts sell out but the worker told me they sell out several times a day and are constantly making more. They are even open late so this could make a nice stop for dessert. prices are fair.    Make sure you have cash on you because that is all they take here.
5 Best donuts in Vegas, owners are very friendly once we went and this was before we knew they only take cash and we only had credit card they let us take them home and said to pay them next time which we did the next day.
5 Yelpers crack me up.   I use to live in Hendertucky, so I know about Friendly's Donuts and they are some of the best donuts I've ever tasted. It's this small run-down shop in a run-down Smith's shopping center on the edge of civilization. My bf only knew about it because he grew up in Hendertucky (this was before Yelp).   So.... I started busting up when I've seen that no less than ten of my Yelpie friends, some LIVING IN SUMMERLIN had discovered this place. LOL. Go Friendly!   Yes, they really are that good. My favorite is the glazed twist and as everyone else said, their apple fritters are amazing. I don't know why they're so good. They're always light and fluffy, not too sweet, they must have a shelf life of a couple of hours because I've never had a bad batch. Nothing unusual or creative (like Pink Box), just the best at what they do.   Prices are reasonable too.   Friendly Donuts makes Hendertucky proud!
1 I just called the place asking what their cheapest dozen would cost, and the person on the phone simply repeated, "...uhh, cheapest dozen...??' So I tried to reconfirm with her that this was indeed Friendly Donut House, and she confirmed. I asked again more slowly what their cheapest bulk order would be, and she said that the manager wasn't there. Ha! At that point, you just gotta give up.
5 Whenever I have time to drop by, I always make sure to. Best donuts at the best price. Friendly people, always a great experience!
5 Still cash only and still some of the best donuts in town. I don't venture to Henderson too often, but when I'm in the area for one reason or another, I always make it a point to stop by Friendly's.  Love the crullers. Pretty much everything is solid here, but I never can seem to pass up a good cruller. The cake donuts and apple fritters are some of my favorites as well.
5 Best donuts hands down anywhere soft fresh made with TLC. I am a chef I don't go anywhere that serves crap. This place is the real deal I wish they would open more in town
4 Positives - Huge, amazing tasting donuts, cheap, open late, great selection Negatives - Cash only (that's about it)  Great place to hit up whenever you need a donut fix and are strapped with only a little cash.  Check it out!
4 This is a small mom and pop operation, though I saw neither, with only a couple of tables that were already occupied by the local contingent at 6:30AM.  I purchased an old fashioned doughnut and an apple fritter to go.  In comparison to Ronald's, the fritter was larger, oil free and filled with more apple and cinnamon. Having spotted a bear claw in the display case, I returned a few days later for one and it was bursting with apples.  Did I mention super fresh and bargain priced?
5 Never disappoints. Donuts are always fresh no matter what time of day. Best donuts in the valley.
4 Some of the favorite donuts. The fritters are the best thing here and I get it every time we go. I do not like traveling to bfe, but if we do this makes the trip a little less painful.
5 They have a good selection, and the donuts are quite tasty. Bonus: they give a baker's dozen!
5 Good Ole' Fashioned Doughnut House, just like when you were a kid!  Our student employee, Andreas, who also works part-time at Sunrise Coffee **(Best Coffee and Nosh spot in Vegas)** brought in Friendly's Donuts!!!  I've been surfing Friendly's photo's on Yelp for the past few weeks; since I started working in Henderson.  Finally, I got to try them. -  I had a plain doughnut coated in some kind of awesomeness...don't know what it was but it tasted great and the doughnut itself was airy and dense; like a European Croissant.  My second was a classic Cruller...it was one of the best classic crullers I've had in my lifetime; simple, dense as heck, and rick in flavor.   - I would go back in a heartbeat.
5 Friendly Doughnuts is probably my absolute favorite old-school doughnut shop. Every doughnut is amazing - every time. The specialty doughnuts are huge, and I especially love the apple fritters and the cream cheese filled doughnuts. Go early for best choice! Open early, and they stay open late!   The service is friendly and fast, and they provide a bakers dozen! The prices are fair, but they accept cash only, so bring some green!
5 I went by Friendly's Donuts this morning before work to grab a dozen for my colleagues and forgot to bring cash.  Mr. Friendly set a box aside for me, even when he was almost out of donuts and offered them to me if I came back with cash.  I went to work for about a half hour, escaped to a Bank of America and stopped in after my first appointment had been counseled.  I found my box waiting for me upon my return; the owner and wife were very hospitable.  My colleagues absolutely loved the donuts!  The crumb are our favorites!  Good, old fashioned donuts like when I was a kid.
3 Was really bummed!  I've heard amazing things about this place and finally got the chance to come here.  I got here at 8am and it was closed :(  Their windows said open 7 days a week til 10am and all the chairs were on the tables and the lights were off.  Bummed out.  I hope they aren't permanently closed and I'll try another time.
