4 A few days after I received the bare minimum of care at UMC Quick Care, I ended up in the ER at St. Rose at the Rose De Lima campus.  I was in bad shape.   They got me registered, triaged, in a bed, X-rayed, CT scanned, IVed, rehydrated, potassiumed up, prescriptioned and out the door in like 3 hours.  It was amazing.  Everyone was very nice, they explained to me everything that was going on and I never felt like some peon behind a curtain that was forgotten about.  I got cold from the IV fluid and the nurse brought me blankets stat.  I've honestly never received such good care at an ER - even this same one!  The ER here always looks like it's going through some sort of renovation and is put together all weird.  I don't know if it IS a renovation or if that's just the thing, but I prefer my hospitals to feel a little more sterile.
4 I did my Med/Surg 2 (Critical Care) clinicals here for my RN program and I loved it here.  I was in the ICU, ER, PACU and loved the experience that I had in all those units.  All the nurses and doctors that I encountered really care about the patients and the quality of care that they give in treating the patient.  I really enjoyed my time there and if I ever need to go to the ER, I would definitely choose the De Lima Campus and so should you! Cheers!
1 I would like to give them a NO STAR!  This review is for those who are uninsured. Initially, I went to Walgreen's Clinic since my case was not severe. However, the NP thought it would be a good idea for me to go to ER (since she prob didn't want any responsibilities). She told me to go to UMC or St. Rose and of course she was like St. Rose has a fast track and there's no wait. I was more concerned about how much it was going to cost me. She then said oh St. Rose should be cheaper (NOT!!!) I should give that NP a NEGATIVE STAR!   Long story short"er": There was a wait (slightly short than UMC Quickcare). The front desk lady had no clue about the est. medical bill. I know they don't know how severe my case is and what procedures might be necessary but COME ON give me a dam min. estimate which is UHMMMM HELLO 250 for the visit and 250 to see the doctor. SO THERE YOU HAVE IT! AT THE BARE MINIMUM 500 TO "VISIT" THE ER WITH NO INSURANCE! IT DOES NOT TAKE A GENIUS OR A PSYCHIC TO FIGURE THIS OUT! She just kept telling me lame excuses like well you can pay 250 or not and you might not even have to pay that. WHAT?! She made no sense whatsoever.  My visit: Sat on a bench in the hall way for 50 minutes. Worst part of the wait was that they were not that busy. (Description of how busy they were: two people before me were for minor things like flu/fever/cold symptoms and after me, a little boy broke his arm. Doctor sits with me for 2 minutes, reads my print out, and asks if I had any questions. I wait another 30 minutes before a nurse checks me out. They forgot that I was patiently waiting in the hallway... I had to constantly ask the nurse or a staff that passed by to find my nurse or doctor so I can get checked out (which was very irritating). She gives me a pill, I sign the discharge, and I pay 250 for the visit.   Verdict: A month later I get a bill for around 250 for the Doctor who sat with me for 2 minutes to read the print out that I could have or the nurse could have read.   Week after receiving this bill (I thought that was it), I received another bill for 1700!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Minus the uninsured discount which made it 1500! ARE YOU SERIOUS! You charge me for a bed that I did not get to lay in and diagnosis which was already diagnosed by the NP and myself!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh and WHY DID YOU NEVER MENTION THAT THE ONE PILL THAT YOU GAVE ME WAS OVER A 100!!!!!!!!! WHEN CLEARLY, I WAS HEADING TO THE PHARMACY TO GET THE EXACT SAME PILL FOR 20 BUCKS FOR 6 PILLS WITH NO INSURANCE!  Oh and mind you, if I have financial hardship, they have assistance program. But, you must first apply to Medicaid and if they reject you then they can help. YEAH, NO HELP.
1 If you're ever shot in the parking lot of St. Rose Dominican, insist that the ambulance driver take you to a different hospital.  But if you want to be cared for by nurses who will forget to give you painkillers when you come out from under anesthesia after major surgery, and will expose you to infection by sending you home with a bag of drained blood dangling from the site of said surgery, then by all means, enjoy your stay.  I don't know if a language barrier contributes to the stunningly poor care from the nurses at St. Rose Dominican, but it's there.  What I witnessed here was an absolute nightmare.
1 This place is probably about as bad as it gets when it comes to any hospital out there. If you're injured, I would hold on and try to make it elsewhere, before I ever allowed myself to be taken here and cared for. Pneumonia + terrible asthma resulted in my husband coming to this location. Apparently, they treat their ER patients in the hallway, seated next to the waste closet. I can't tell you how many times we had to get up from our seats to make way for the giant bin on wheels, dropping off soiled linens and garbage bags. Very nice. We weren't the only patients seated in this area, as we sat there and pretty much listened to 2 other patients' personal business- their insurance issues, their diagnosis and discharge instructions, etc. (HIPAA, anyone?) I have to say the most horrifying thing, was when they took my husband's blood, the person taking it (again, kneeling beside his chair in the middle of the hall) made the vial overflow onto the floor. it was casually wiped up with paper towels, but not before someone-the nurse, or the person who took the blood- actually STEPPED in it, tracking blood up and down the hall, all the way to the automatic doors before the elevators. There were obvious prints on the ground, and we just sat there wide-eyed as everyone-doctors, nurses, other staff members- walked through it without a care in the world. They finally got someone to clean the floors and she grabbed a damp paper towel and rubbed at the blood marks using her foot. No proper cleanup actions, no special solutions....just a paper towel and there was STILL blood. I couldn't believe. We did see an actual doctor and he diagnosed my husband with pneumonia while eating an ice cream bar. I've already submitted complaints to the Dept. of Health. I have never witnessed such obvious state violations in my life!
1 This sucks :( They  asked me what was wrong upon my entering and I explained. Now they only did a group of test to tell me well your a diabetic and you have a tumor blah blah blah ok I knew all that when I entered.  But Im having issues breathing my neck is swollen I cant sollow my own spit. My Dr. came in just to play angry birds on his cell phone. And tell me well we dont know whats wrong with you but we are allowing you to go home. I got a bill already for 3,000 they didnt do anything. I knew I had a tumor hell I told them that and I been diabetic all my life damn near. Why do they think Imma pay them so a doctor can play angry birds. He didnt even look at me. Or my neck. Pfff they can jump in the lake. Dont GO TO THIS HOSPITAL EVER.
1 In addition to the dept. of health, I did complain to the hospital itself- formally and in survey form. I was also contacted by someone representing the hospital in regards to my review posted here. That was one month ago! Hey Rose! Haven't heard from ya.....  This incident happened in March. I've been waiting since for a letter updating me on the status of my complaint and a plan of corrections. For all I know, the blood is still there on the floor!  These were SERIOUS complaints regarding health/safety/privacy issues. I have to doubt they were even addressed until I hear otherwise.
2 I have had people inside the hospital contact me about my review. I did email them and call like they requested. I will keep you all posted of the outcome. The staff that has contacted me have been nice and professional. (So I look to see a positive outcome.) As of now I am willing to take it up one star and give 2 total.
3 As far as hospitals go, who really likes them. My mom came into the ER here and was seen immediately. The staff was really friendly and kept us informed of what was going on. Yes, the wait for a room was long, but I think that's pretty much the standard in ER's.  The rooms themselves aren't fantastic, but this isn't a Ritz Carlton. All of the nurses and staff here were really friendly and did a great job in taking care of my mom. It's an older hospital that needs some renovations, but overall it was a decent experience. Having worked in hospitals as an EMT, I know when hospitals are really crappy, and this one is a decent hospital. I know this place has crappy reviews, but everyone's experience and situation will be different. I'm happy to say that our experience was a good one.
5 had both of my arthroscopic knee surgeries done here. the inpatient, prep, and surgical teams are always really friendly. almost everyone has a distinct character, in a good way. after waking up from my 2nd surgery i think i was bugging the nurses about some "taco bell" or something... i felt that care and attention was given at every point. im glad everyone asks me what im having surgery on to make sure everyone knows the moment i get prepped to the moment they got me on the operating table.
5 Wound care facility is awesome! The Drs, Nurses and staff are wonderful!!! The HBO department is great!!
5 I had out-patient foot surgery with the Dr. Troy Watson team on Aug. 8th at the Rose De Lima Campus. There are St Rose facilities closer to where I live, but now I know why Dr. Watson has established a relationship with this facility. They are TOP NOTCH !!  From the check-in to the check-out they were really good. I don't have a lot of surgery experience, but if this is the way it goes, I won't be so reluctant to have it again ... and I will try and have it at this facility.  Too many names to name, but WOW, they all have a genuine attitude of wanting to please ... :) They are not just running you through the mill ...  Keep it up! This must be from the top down ... a great facility always starts from the top down ... These are people that are inspired by something to do a good job ... I hope they are paid well :)  Jeff Pawloski
4 Yesterday, while working, I felt my knee pop, a large amount of pain, and out of no where, I fell flat on my back.   The ambulance was called, and Rose De Lima would have been less busy, and closer. I agreed.  I was seen very quickly. The staff was very accommodating, and my full session at the hospital was about 2 hours.  I had an xray done on my knee, and they told me that nothing was broken. They did not do an MRI, which kind of left me Peeved. I don't think that I should have to wait two days to see if there is any muscular damage.....but hey.   They gave me a prescription for motrin, and a doctor that I can do a follow up with in a few days, along with some crutches. They called me this morning to check up on me, and addressed any of my concerns.
1 No STARS. First time in my life I would say I choose to die getting to another ER than ever going back to St. Rose. This hospital could amount to the hospital in the show SCRUBS! Front line, too busy making scheduling changes to acknowledge me. Ok, the hospital is OLD antiquated. Needs an over-haul. Needs some engineering TLC. All I can say is I hope my bill has a huge discount on it for all the abuse I had to endure while being there. Sure everyone has a good and bad experience of this place but as for good I can't possibly see how! The absolutute most unhappiest staff I have ever seen in anyone job. I went in for possible blood clot from resent surgery, or potential stroke or heart attack symptoms. EKG done almost immediately. No problem there. Next stop chest x-Ray. Next let's get a chest CT. Ok, I have NO VEINS and I wasn't kidding about that. I warned them but they insisted. It started out with Jennifer night nurse about to leave. She spent a lot of time ultra sounding my veins and gave it a shot. She was smart enough to know when to give up quickly. She proceeded to get someone else. I didn't blame her. At least she was nice and personable for this hospital. Next enters I believe her name was Shoshana. Also had a personality. Thank god that's two... But with no prevail enters DOCTOR EGO. Not quite sure if his name was Lerner or not. Introductions do not mean very much by these people. Including some without ID tags on. But let's go with DOC EGO! He takes over and decides he can do this, he's got it get out of his way. He does poke number two. Requesting needles larger and faster with a vengeance... As he now heads to arm 2 after 5 stabs on one side. I told him it doesn't matter, no one side of my body is better than the other. Now there is blood dripping down my right arm all over the sheets. Left arm is now on its 6th STAB not poke and he's freaking out cause he must get this. Nurses are all around watching him throwing his EGO fit cause my veins won't let him win. I am seconds away from passing out blood is all over my arm and sheets and on my clothes. He decides to give me a break. Awesome cause I can't move either arm and he created large hematomas under my veins. He said he would give me a break at that point about 2 min went by and he wanted to start again. I could barely move my arms were numb sore and tingling. I said no more. At that point oh let's put a picc line in! We'll after 3 stabs that should have been done. Sometimes you must give up no matter how good you are or think you are. Then enters Linda day nurse, not too bad but probably way to busy to handle all that was going on in the ER. Dr. Ego was done and had left. Dr. Eye candy without the personality should have jumped in a bit sooner to help make a picc line decision much sooner. Ok in the end I finally got the picc line and CT to only find out I was ok. 7 hours later and not being able to lift my arms right for the past two days from some doctors egotistical negligence. But now permanently damaged from every wanting to use another ER in this town. Never mind a St. Rose Hospital of Horrors again. Get it together St. Rose or go under! People need some form of compassion. Hire more compassionate people or start giving classes to train them.
5 Came to this ER facility recently to be seen for an allergic reaction. While filling out paperwork receptionist was able to evaluate right away I needed immediate attention because she called the nurse and I was in triage area within 10 minutes of arriving.   flashback 12hrs : Had dinner with Momo B and his wife, both insisted I need to see a dr. right way because I looked "AWFUL" "like a puffer fish". I felt fine, didn't know what the big deal was. Later that night both Mr. B and daughter said I needed to see a doctor.  What? I felt fine and didn't think it was serious.  Picture the scene from the movie 'Hitch' ..that scene played me to a T. http://klipd.com/watch/hitch/allergic-reaction-allergy-scene  Fast Forward to ER : Triage nurse took my vitals and dr. (I forget his name sorry) popped in and asked me a few questions, got treated, was able breath better and given treatment plan for the week. Finished filling out paperwork and was released. Two hours tops I was there.    The staff here was professional. Front office organized. The facility clean. I thought the nurses were pretty efficient with all the patients including a 5150 they were dealing with. I even got a phone call the next morning from staff following up on my visit and asking if I had any questions or concerns.  My only gripe was the parking lot. Not enough parking spaces near ER entrance and at night it's not well lit.  Other than that I have confidence getting treated here if I need to be seen again.
2 Should be St. Rose "Duh" Lima.   I was born in this hospital but I will never go back.  The ER was the worse I have ever experienced.  I raised 4 kids did many ER visits and this was the first time I had ever needed to go.   I had a colonoscopy there on Monday, the next day I started bleeding non stop.  I ended up in the ER because I was beginning to lose consciousness.  Failure #1, I went to the triage desk and told the nurse my Dr. sent me here because I was bleeding and was about to pass out.  She gave me papers to fill out and sent me to the lobby.  I couldn't even sit up or I would get dizzy.  When my wife completed the paper work she called us back to her cubby hole and tried to get a blood pressure, she couldn't.  I told her 3 different times I was going to pass out and her response was "Let's get your temperature".  At that point I passed out and passed blood all over the floor.  Thank god my wife was there to catch me or I might have had a head injury to go with my bleeding.  When I started to come to I was on a gurney in a ER stall.  I could hear people talking.  The Dr. was asking for a blood pressure but they couldn't get one.  I knew I was alive because I could see the EKG monitor and I had a heart beat.  They started 2 I.V's,  one in each arm which made me freezing cold.  When they did finally get a blood pressure it was 58/44. I saw the nurse one more time after that. Failure #2. A little while later the Dr. came back in, and this was the last time I saw him, and said I had a vasovagal reaction from seeing my own blood.  What Dominican Republic Med School did he go to.  My Hemoglobin went from 15.9 and dropped to 9.2.  A drop of 40%.  Maybe, just maybe that might be the issue of passing out. Failure #3.  The gastroenterologist came by and ordered me to have a CT of the Abdomen and 2 fleets enemas to clean me out so he could see where I was bleeding from, while we waited for the colonoscopy team to come in.  The hour or so we waited for them to come in, nothing was done.  When my Dr. asked if they did the enemas, I told him no.  In disgust, he said to the team, "this is going to be messy".  They asked me to roll on my side and I asked if I should take my shorts off, which I had been laying in for the past 2 1/2 hours covered in blood.  The nurse just shook her head. Failure #4.  I was admitted for 3 days until my blood pressure would come back up.  With an I.V. in each arm they kept me on fluids.  They only used the left arm to put the fluids in.  Never flushed the right I.V. the entire time I was there.   When it was time to go home, they removed both I.V.'s.  This is where the failure comes in.  2 days later my arm was hurting and the vein was huge and tender.  A clot had formed in the right arm where the I.V. was.  I was instructed to take aspirin and apply heat to the area and it should go away.  Well, it never did and now the vein which was as large as a pencil is now a shriveled up hard vein the size of a pencil lead and useless. These were just the main blunders of the hospital, I guess I should be thankful I made it out alive.  But as you can see I won't make the mistake of going back to St. Rose "Duh" Lima anytime soon.  I will take my chances of the 20 minute drive to Las Vegas to receive any care. To be honest, the nurses on the floor were very friendly.  The place was clean and although I was only given clear liquids on the last day I was there, ice chips only before that, broth never tasted so good.
3 Needed to stop in and be seen for the blues. The check In was exceptional. From step 1 registration to step 2 seeing the triage nurse for vitals. Was about 10 minutes.   I happened to of taken a picture of the admitting station, the triage station and the waiting room.  While starting my review of how great this process was and what a positive experience I was having. I was approached by the security asking why I wAs taking pictures of the staff and what my intentions was.   I explained to the 1st security officer (yes i say 1st security officer) I was just writing a review of the experience I was having here. He proceeded to inform me of HIPA laws that prevented me from taking pictures while in the hospital or of the property, it's staff members and patients. Being clueless of this fact I apologized and thought the subject closed (I guess I was wrong).   3 additional reinforcements arrive surrounding my little chair (cutting off all exit access). There head interrogator proceeds to ask the 1st security officer. What's going on and what's my problem. This conversation takes place no more than 2 feet in front of me (annoyance builds).   So it's the interrogator job now to re ask why am I taking pictures. Repeat the same information I was just given about hospital rules. He must of felt it was important to inform me that I was breaking the law and that it may be necessary to confiscate my phone.   Now I'm surrounded by security with hands on there protection devices (im patiently annoyed now) and 5 or 6 nurses coming out to find out what was going on (looky loos) in waiting area. This whole situation started to become so amusing. I thought of getting up real quick and going for the exits.   I was saved by the nurse who called me to the ER (bless you). She offhandedly asked me what was going on in the waiting area. I thought of telling her there was a crazy yelper outside. But I ended with a shrug of my shoulders.  This experience would of rated a 4 star but the security was unbelievable. Be careful of those dangerous yelpers I hear they may hold u accountable for the crazy stuff u do.
1 You're kidding me right? I am 3 months pregnant and went to the er because I have had abdominal cramping for 3 days. The Dr finally sees me and says "well we won't be able to do much here. We can't tell you whether the baby is ok or not but we can do an ultrasound. ." What!? Isn't this a hospital?? You can't tell me if my baby is ok or not? What kind of ridiculousness is that?
1 If I could leave zero stars I would. I forced my father to come to the er because he had stroke like symptoms. And complaining he couldn't breathe. I told the nurse about his symptoms and she said she would let the doctor know. When I went outside to take a minute so I didn't stress my dad out. I'm sitting there five minutes later here comes my dad in a wheel chair can't talk or walk. They released him. I asked the nurse why and she said to me "there's nothing we can do, and it may not even be a stroke" They didn't even test for a stroke. Okay so she basically said by saying that is they refuse to find out why.  Next day it happened again so I took my dad to a different hospital and they said for sure he had a stroke. My dad is in the hospital now and not in good condition. Thanks st. Rose once again for nothing. I will be filing complaints.
