2 this is an old review....went here maybe 5 years ago for a really good prime rib deal.  my aunt, whos local discovered the place and invited us along.  Its in a really small casino, off the strip, in henderson.  We dont go there for the slots though, just for the restaurant, which is inside the casino itself. USED to be about 10 bucks for prime rib, potato, soup and salad.  woo hoo!! prime rib was great, and we were always full with no leftovers to take home..came here all the time  then, after a brief hiatus, i cam back and brought out of towners here.  i was shocked to find that everything had changed!!! now it was the same price, but you have to pay additional for the soup and salad, AND the prime rib was soooo fatty....i havent been back since that discovery.    originally a 4 star eatery...but now..just 2...m still finding the perfect, cheap prime rib place....yelping this is making me sad...  8o(
5 This place is a hoot and a half! I give it 5 stars for entertainment value!!!  I am convinced that this casino is actually a triple wide trailer connected by a couple of doorways. They have lots of mirrors on the walls to make it seem bigger. This is a place for locals...and by locals I mean people from the trailer park behind the casino and patients from the convalescent hospital/senior center nearby. Seriously a place for and by the "tattooed and toothless." Go on Sunday and watch the Dummkopf's, a band that defies explanation. You can read about them at http://www.vegaslistings.com/homepages/dummkopf/. If you have some spare time in Vegas check out Skyline for a unique experience.
4 Visited Henderson this weekend and stopped by Skyline to  get some lunch. It's a locals casino most of them have canes and/or oxygen tanks. The cafe seemed pretty clean. My wife had the prime rib and I had all you can eat fried shrimp. The prime rib was a good size cut, my wife couldn't finish it all so I ended up eating 1/4 of it. Good flavor and not too much fat. The shrimp were big and cooked just right. Only complaints the bread didn't seem that fresh and the coleslaw had too much celery seed. Bill came out to less than $25.
4 We finally went here to check out the comic German Bavarian band, The Dummkopfs.  We had a blast. Sure, grey hair was the color of choice of most of the cleintele and those watching the band also. But, watching couples dancing to this band is one of my ideas of a fun time! They currently play most Sundays from 2-5:30 pm and Thursdays from 2-4 pm. Go, have fun ,enjoy!
5 It's the convalescent home of casinos I must say. However it's one of my favorite places to gamble. It's quiet, has loose slots and you can do the dolce doo every two hours. What more could you ask for?!
3 My parents called to ask me if I wanted to eat here with them. I had heard the burger was good so I thought I would give it a try. It's not far from my house so I figured there wasn't much to lose.  Casino - Dingy dingy dingy. Yeah, what can you expect from these old casinos? They are dark, RRREEEEKKKKKKK of cigarettes, and full of old people. The staff looks haggard but really who else would be working there?  Fried Chicken - My mom is a seriously good fried chicken cook so since she loves it, I'm betting it must be good. I know they both enjoyed it. I did have a bit of the mashed potatoes, which were obviously instant. Oh well, it's what is to be expect.  Burger - The burger was ok but could have used a touch more flavor/salt/spice. The fries weren't bad either. I some what enjoyed it but probably won't go back.  Service - The service was friendly, quick, and attentive. They were there when you needed them, kept drinks refilled, and let us alone when needed.   All in all I may go back if my parents ask me but not sure I'd go running back. If you are in mood for a cheap, decent meal, I don't think you could go wrong here.
4 What a great little dive casino.  Filled with locals and has good drink prices.
1 Tonight at the Skyline Casino my husband and I were treated extremely unfair.  The shift manager Connie (a man) did not have all the correct facts together and did not want to hear what happened.  Connie told my husband he did not care about looking at the video tape.   My husband has a disability and a woman could have hurt him seriously.   Because of this treatment we will never go back to "The Skyline Casino", after several years of going there.   I hope none of their other customers will ever have to go through what we did tonight.   I would really like to rate them a Zero in customer service.
4 I've eaten here many times over the years and every experience was excellent.  This little casino is from the old school....it's been here for years. Low ceilings, crowded, low lights.  The food is always excellent and the staff is always friendly.
