5 Wow! These guys rock. Called yesterday and they were here today and ahead of schedule. YES! Repaired my garage door and installed a remote keypad in no time flat. So reasonably priced that I almost choked:) if you need a garage door repair or even a new one, tell em Julie sent ya. Big Mahalos Ryan
5 Really Nice Folks!  I called because my garage door was stuck and wouldn't close.  They re-arranged their schedule, and Larry came out that day to fix my door... well... so it will close at least.    (It's an old door and I've been meaning to replace the motor and door for a while but just didn't get around to it yet.... Well.... I am now.)  Larry gave me an estimate and it seemed reasonable to me so now they are going to get me a whole new door and motor.  Juanita in the office is a gem.  So nice and pleasant to work with.
5 Fantastic service. Juanita in the office was pleasant and quick to deal with.  Appointment was easy to make, service was very good.  Even got a thank you note after, very happy to have such good service.
5 One of the hinges on my garage door separated from the metal and the metal on the door tore.  This happened on a Saturday.  I called Upright Garage Door Services and they returned my call promptly on Monday at 8 when they re-opened.  We made an appointment for Tuesday.  Ryan came out as scheduled, in fact he was a little early.  He fixed the door and tightened all the other hinges for a reasonable price.  There was no  nonsense, no up-selling.  I will definitely recommend this company to my neighbors.  I could not be more pleased!
5 I'm so glad I chose Upright to do my service and repairs. I had them fix some wiring and perform a tune up on my mom's garage and it works great now. Then I had them service my two doors and install a new opener on one. They did a great, clean, and fast job on the install and on all the multiple repairs my doors required. Larry and Chad offered the best advice and performed great work. Juanita, in the office is so helpful.  These guys are coming back in spring to insulate my doors.
5 I work for a property management company that used to use this company and then switched to another for what ever reason.  Since I have been here, and with my experience in property management I know when a vendor is scamming.  I called Upright Garage Door Services who was very honest about their price and their quote was $200 more then the other company.  They gave me a lot of advice on what to ask  the other company without pressuring me in any way.  After reading the reviews for both companies my gut instinct was right!  Hopefully, I can get the management company I work for to switch back to Upright!  If I get to switch I will update on the service, and if I switch I will definitely give the review for the other company and the experience I have had.
5 Just had my garage door repaired by Upright.   If you need garage door repair or a new door or motor or anything like that,,,THESE ARE THE FOLKS TO CALL!!!   They are honest, reasonably priced and great and what they do.   I wish they did more than just garage door repair.   They will try to save you money and do the job right for the absolute best price.  Just good people!!!    Sincerely,  Gwen Peev
5 Juanita and Larry saved us! When the garage repair person from Dreikosen never showed up or called, I contacted Upright. Juanita came to the rescue and was able to squeeze me in when they had a customer reschedule...lucky for me! Our garage spring broke last night and we couldn't open the garage door. Larry, the owner came when they said he would and had the best attitude. He immediately went to work and got the job done. He and his associate Chad were kind enough to also relocate our garage door button so we wouldn't have to reach behind the fridge anymore. They were fast, friendly and priced very well (compared to others in town)...and they won't upsell you on things you don't need. They have been in business for over 20 years and I would gladly recommend them to all my friends, family and clients.
