4 A few months back, my aging truck was in serious need of some repairs - the big-time, expensive ones too. I hate having to go in for car repairs, because half the time you go in there, you end up paying a ton more than you were told to begin with. Not to mention some of these places tend to push more and more stuff on you.  I thought I'd give Pep Boys a try, because they recently opened this location on the Boulder Highway, between Basic and Lake Mead. I needed to try a different place after some of the other less-than-stellar mechanic shops around town.  I called them and explained the problem, and they told me to bring my car right on over. They got me in promptly, and called me back not long after, explaining the problem and how long it would take to fix. It was NOT a cheap fix, but after talking to a friend of my family who does car repairs as well, he even said it doesn't come any cheaper than this for the repair I needed.   But they had my repair done by the end of the day, promptly and just as promised. I didn't pay a dime more than they said I would end up paying over the phone earlier. On top of that, due to the amount of money I paid for the repair, they signed me up for a frequent shopper program - and because of how much money I paid I ended up with a pretty valuable gift card.   It's great to finally have a Pep Boys in the "Old Henderson" area, and in a convenient Boulder Highway location, no less. These people took care of me and definitely deserve a strong recommendation. Pay them a visit for your automotive needs, whatever they may be.
3 Pep Boys often carries car accessories that Autozone and SLO-Reilly doesn't. This location is also competitively priced compared to the competition. Service at the parts counter can range from informed to clueless, but usually they have competent help here.   I won't buy their tires. There's an awful lot of crap Pep Boys tires in the recycle piles out in rural Nebraska where travelers dumped them for something more suitable for the gravel roads and rougher conditions. Their house brand of tires suck, you'll regret buying them.   But beyond the tires, if you need parts and accessories they're worth a look or a call.
3 Over priced service and bad at time estaments
5 Great service. Matt Stanley helped me out. He was so friendly and informative. I was in and out in 40mins. Thanks so much.
5 I just want to commend Matt the service advisor at the Pep Boys on S Boulder Hwy. His professionalism, knowledge, and compassion is impeccable! I have brought my Audi in before to this location and they have always delivered. However, Matt went above and beyond for us. I will continue to use and recommend Matt and this location to all of my family,friends, & clients. Thank you Matt and the Pep Boys team!  You saved us money, time, and eased our frustration!
5 Very trustworthy. I will always trust them with my car needs. Service manager Brian and his tech Matt were very helpful. Thanks!
4 Order online. They have a 20% off item code. Got a new air filter (that I can pay for and pick up in store) cheaper than amazon, eBay and autozone (who didn't even have my part, in store or online.)  I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. The only complaint I have is their store set up here. you have to park all the way in the back, by the repairs/services section, and the front door is all the way in front of the building, facing boulder highway... Not easy with a baby.
5 The staff was pleasant to work with. The front counter lady opened up a few minutes early and let another individual and myself come into a warm store and not be cold outside. My car was serviced promptly and they honored a coupon without any hassle.
2 Though I like Pep Boys for their huge amount of choices I might be careful of this one. I went in for a code reading when my check engine light came on. The guy was happy enough to come out and check it for free, which was great, but when he ran the code he said, "I have no idea what that code is." And he didn't even offer to look it up for me. I am no mechanic, but went online and found it. Nothing huge was wrong, but needed to get it taken care of. Business could have been thiers, but not now!!
5 I love the guys at Pep Boys Matt Jared and Dustin are amazing. They were terrific at keeping in touch with me and letting me know the status of my vehicle.  After nearly $4000 in repairs I should be able to them as dependents this year on my taxes.  Pep Boys has kept my 14-year-old van running like a top.  Thanks guys!
5 Again, Matt & Dustin were terrific. Fixed my window in less than two hours.  AND I saved over $175 using my Pepboys Rewards.  I will miss Dustin.
