5 This past weekend, my son and I attended the "Prince Jonah Kuhio Ho'olaule's Pacific Island Festival." Boy did we have fun. We literally walked from one end of the festival to the other end. There was lots of different booths of food, shaved ice, beer, jewelry, clothing, accessories, and live entertainment. We got there around 430pm since we had lots of errands to run that day. Within the short time that we were there since it was open 9a to 6p, one day only, we can say that it was a blast. I bought for me a couple of Hibiscus Kukui Nut Hawaiian Leis, and a few hair picks. For Lil Man, I got him a Hawaiian necklace and shorts. The entertainment that we saw was on one of the festival was different bands playing, and near the entrance was Faith Thompson.. As for the food, they had all kinds, but the one both that we stopped at was the Samoan booth were I was very excited because I finally got some food that have always ate since I was little.. Palusami and rice. I was a little disappointed that they did not have taro and bananas, but the palusami and rice was good enough for me. As we walked around, we rang into other Samoans who were selling sushi rolls that were the size of my hand stretched out for $1 each.. I bought three, ate one and took the other two home. Here is one of the websites that you can go to in order to purchase precious gifts - www.hulumakana.com. Another company booth that we went to was for the Polynesian Creations. We are planning on going to the next one at the end of the month, which will be located at the Silverton Casino.
4 Great location and a friendly staff.  There is not a lot of parking, but the facility is nice and welcoming. If there is an event here, you are in luck.
3 Henderson Convention Center is really only good for weddings and other such intimate gatherings. For actual conventions? The Cashman Center or the Las Vegas Convention Center are better venues for this.  This place makes you feel as though everything is cramped--literally, into one single area. There's not much room to move around, and you'll have to be careful that you don't accidentally bump into anything.  The plus side though is that the women's restrooms has a make-up counter, so if you need to do any last-minute 'dos, midday touch-ups and whatnot, take advantage of that.  The outside area at the back of the convention center is also a nice place to take some pictures and do other fancy photo-ops.  I don't think I wanna go here again for a convention, though. It just seems like a mess to navigate.
