4 If you're staying in the Vegas area, there are plenty of really cheap hotels if you don't mind staying in a casino.  This isn't one of them - $59 on weeknights, $69 on Friday and Saturday..  However, it is right around the corner from Kate's sister and brother-in-law in Henderson, which is the only reason we go to Vegas to begin with.  Unlike the casino hotels, the high speed Internet/wi-fi is free, as is the hot breakfast which includes sausage or bacon, some form of eggs, DIY waffles, fried potatoes or hash brown patty (like McDonald's), biscuits or french toast fingers, toast, English muffins, fruit and a variety of cereals.  The rooms are very nice and the staff is friendly and helpful.
1 Stayed at this hotel during a quick overnight trip to the Henderson area.  I booked a standard room on Kayak.com for a total of $77.86.  At the particular time (it was Spring Break), that was a fairly inexpensive hotel for the area.  The front receptionist was exceptionally nice when I arrived at the hotel, but that's where the positive points of my stay ended.  It was late, and she said I was the last of the guests to check in for the night.  When I arrived at my room, it turned out to be a smoking room.  That was not what I reserved.  When I called the front desk to see about an alternate room, the same lady who initially greeted me answered.  This time, she was less than friendly and curtly replied that the hotel was booked and there was nothing she could do.  She said that she was quite certain that my reservation had been for a smoking room, even though I protested.  She even blamed it on Kayak and said that she had seen mix ups like that before.  Despite the fact that I had a copy of the confirmation email and it clearly states "Non Smoking" room, I had no reasonable option but to stay in that cesspool.  It was too late to find anywhere else to stay. If you're staying in the Vegas area, there are plenty of really cheap hotels if you don't mind staying in a casino.  This isn't one of them - $59 on weeknights, $69 on Friday and Saturday..  However, it is right around the corner from Kate's sister and brother-in-law in Henderson, which is the only reason we go to Vegas to begin with.  The high speed internet was free and did work, but the breakfast was a disappointment.  The hot breakfast included sausage, orange-ish eggs, DIY waffles, and some sort of rubbery potatoes. Plain bagels and a couple of cereals were available.  Instead of choosing to challenge my GI system with suspect breakfast, I grabbed a mostly green banana, some apple juice, and split the next morning.  This hotel clearly is not looking for repeat customers with the lack of customer service that they exhibited.  My advice, keep looking, even if that means paying a few bucks more.
3 Have been to Henderson countless times visiting my mom, but have always stayed at her place. However she is now in assisted living and a recent 10 day visit required finding a place close to new residence.   Hawthorne won out over Fiesta Casino and over all it was a good stay. The price can't be beat.  I was not joyed with the wireless though it was slow and sometimes not present at all.   The free breakfast was so so but I'm not a breakfast person, but one item notably missing was orange juice. The yogurt was in a bowl instead of seal packs and not having a serving spoon I cautioned on where the spoons folks may have been, was it a second helping using the spoon they just fed themselves with on first serving?  I pray I'll still have many more visits to Henderson and despite the slow wireless and so so breakfast I'll probably stay here for those visits
1 Run down. Unfriendly.  They booked smoking rooms for a high school sports team and then said we told them that was ok when reserved.  Worst breakfast buffet I've experienced.  Rubber eggs and potatoes.  Coffee was gone for a while since they apparently only have on pot.  Even ore packages muffin was from another era.   I thought the plastic shower in room was going to crack in half under my feet. Run down and obviously not being kept up.  Stayed in much better places in area for same rate or slightly more and I'd recommend doing the same.  Only first here one of three nights and considering moving entire team.
1 Stay away!  My room reeked of cigarette smoke even though it was supposed to be non-smoking.  I couldn't sleep there but was told no other rooms available.  Guy at front desk was kind enough to cancel my room so I could go elsewhere.  But days later management charged me for room anyway!  Stay away!
1 Deplorable behaviour by management.  I could not use my room because of the smoke in my room and management REFUSES to refund my money.  Furthermore I confirmed that they actually intentionally booked a teenage sports team into a block of smoking rooms!  The manager did not consider the health and comfort of his customers but rather was focused on filling the hotel and his own pockets.  Save your money and your dignity, go somewhere else.
5 Clean, quiet, decent, free breakfast and not overly priced
1 This was one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. This establishment claims to be "smoke free",  but the room we got smelt like cigarettes.  There was a bunch of stains on the carpet (hopefully, tooth paste).  My feet were covered in dirt and filth from the carpet.  The prices are cheap, but I doubt I'll be back...
2 We pulled into the Hawthorn after a 14 hour drive during a move from Oregon to Arizona. We chose to stay here because we were traveling with our dog and they had a very reasonable pet fee $10 and parking for our moving truck. When we arrived the guy behind the counter basically said he didn't know where we could park since the parking was all taken so we had to figure that out, but our check in was pretty quick and easy. It was HOT in the halls, but the room was well airconditioned and clean. It definitely did not have any fancy features and if I was traveling without my pet I would have stayed somewhere else, but if worked for what we needed. There is not much within walking distance to eat, but there is a shopping center across the street with some choices.
3 Clean room. Courteous front desk, but feel they are glad it's only an 8 hour day. Fair breakfast, but nothing unusual about it. Quiet upper floors with slow elevator. Stayed 4 nights but would check out other motels in area before my next commitment. So so casino next door.
5 I looked all over Vegas for a hotel with an indoor heated pool. We also weren't going to stay somewhere that charged that exorbitant "resort" tax. This place is clean, has good beds (although I prefer a firmer mattress), the pool is heated to a comfortable temperature. The jacuzzi is hot & has good jets. The pool area is clean & well maintained. And it is open 24 hours! There is a breakfast that looks pretty good, but we were meeting friends for breakfast. If you are just passing through on your way to somewhere else, this is a real bargain. If you want to stay on the strip, this isn't the place for you. AAA rates.
5 We came down to the Sam Boyd stadium and the only place available was this place, we were a little skeptical about staying at a smaller hotel that we knew nothing about. To our surprise we were very pleased at what we found. The rooms are clean even though it's a pet friendly facility and they have an indoor pool that's open 24hrs. The breakfast was good with homemade waffles. Well be back.
4 Had a really good experience here. Staff was friendly, they have a great breakfast, and free wifi! The price is very reasonable. Definitely recommend this place if your looking for something simple for business or visiting the henderson area. It's also next door to a casino . The only thing was it was really warm in the hallways which kinda sucks during the summer time. But no biggie, you just get in your room and its nice and cool.
