2 I had the supervisor of the local office come to my door looking to sign up new customers.  I had heard of TruGreen. I am from the South and they are a big company there.  So I signed up for a minimal amount of service and pre-paid my account for the year (about $200).    At first things were going well.  The only thing I was not happy about is that they were constantly calling me offering more services and I had to keep telling them no.   Then I got my first call from their collection department at 7pm.  They told me I needed to pay for a lawn application.  I told them I had pre-paid my account.  The collection department said I would have to talk to the local office.  So I called the local office and spoke to the lady in the office there.  She said they had just converted over to a new computer system and she was working the kinks out of the system.  She said she would fix my account and I would not be getting any more calls from the collections department.    Over the next three days I got 4 more calls from the collections department.  I called the local office again.  I was told the problem would be taken care of but two days later I got a call at 8pm from the collections department.   The next day I called and cancelled my account with TruGreen.  I was told I would be sent the balance on my pre-paid account.  I still got one more call from the collections department two days later but I had a cancellation number to give the collections department to have them quit calling me.  More than a month goes by and I do not receive my check.  So I called back today.   I asked about the balance on my pre-paid account and I was told I told them I was sent a refund check.  I said that made no sense otherwise why would I be calling asking about the refund. After being put on hold several times they saw I was never sent the balance of my account.  I was told I should get the check next week.  I hope so or I will be calling again.  I cannot recommend this business at all.  I think as an overall company they are good and have a good product but this store for certain seems to be highly unorganized and too pushy with their services.
1 We have a desert landscape so figured that this company could handle a few weeds and some grasses.   We had them come for two years.   I have to tell you no, they couldn't handle it.   First I was very specific that they not SPRAY into or NEAR my Dog Kennel and was VERY specific that they not spray if I was not at home,, because we have a dog door leading into the KENNEL.    I got home one afternoon to find the bill on my door and my dog kennel COMPLETELY Sprayed up to and INTO the rocks of the kennel.  AND   I can imagine the scenario:   Which means my dogs probably went outside when the guy came and he sprayed the dog kennel with my dogs barking at him while he is spraying the dogs kennel/my dogs, thanks guy.   I called the office girl pretty ticked because of this and she finally says to me, well what do you want me to do?  I said I want to know WHY your guy sprayed the dog KENNEL when it specifically says not to, and you just read it to me from my order?  So she gave me to the supervisor/owner/manager and we chatted, and I told him this was unacceptable behavior and he said he would talk to the service guy. sure.  I had to call them back because the grass did not die, I had to physically stand in front of the dog kennel and make him stay away while he sprayed, and he attempted a couple times to get over by the kennel and spray, and I had to keep saying please don't spray this area.  Hello.    YEAR TWO:  They called to renew my service and gave me an appt time.  I was home but was ill, and talked to the "service" guy 5 MINUTES before he got here, and I said "NOW REMEMBER DO NOT SPRAY INTO MY DOG KENNEL", he said "OKAY".  So he sprays, I try to get out there before he leaves but couldn't  SO I go outside and GUESS WHAT, my dog KENNEL is completely SPRAYED up to and into the rocks, thank goodness I was home to lock the doggie door so they couldn't go out.   Plus I had some butterfly bushes growing in  a little garden out front and he pulled all 4 of them out of the ground and threw them right where they were growing?  And I am not sure why?    Two out of three times they could not follow SIMPLE instructions, so they can keep their chemicals and I'll do it myself.
1 After I placed my review here on YELP, I got a call from the "new" office manager, with promises of big changes and people had been replaced, etc.   A few days later they came out to the see my yard, where the dog kennel was, etc.  Yes they could take care of the grasses, they couldn't.  Today I cancelled the yard spraying.  I have a mostly rock yard with a few plants. And a few weeds.    I don't want to call them every other week when we have a drop of rain in LV because that's when the weeds start.    I have lived in 3 different states using TruGreen, they all came monthly.   Don't know why they won't do it here in the desert.
1 so I call them and set up 1 year service. they call and say we will be there next day some time? When I set up account I noted dogs and gates locked. so I called local # and lady says they have all day to come out whenever. So I wait all day. young guy comes wanting to areate. I said what about seeding? he calls and finds out that that's included but has no seed. Im no expert but you areate to get the seed into the ground. So he says he'll come back in few days with seed. 2 hours later another guys comes over and says he is there to spray. He is unaware of the other guy? I explain, he says oh you cant seed for 21 days after spraying or 2 weeks before. He then asks me what I want to do? I said "your the freakin expert? so he says we should spray. then first guy calls and says we don't seed in spring here, only fall.  Next day I called home office and asked to have super call me. 2 hours later I called back and lady told me they had only 2 supers and 1 was out and the other in the field. I told her that's part of their problem then and canx my account. when she asked why I said "because you people have no clue what your doing". that was 2 weeks ago and no one has called. holy crab grass batman! these guys are idiots.
1 They are the worst service I've ever dealt with, they don't even deserve one star. They lied to me when I signed up. I signed up for a yucca injection for my plants,  which was twice a year and then an organic fertilizing twice a year. They started to bill me every mouth after that for services I never agreed to, such as watering my shrubs.  I have a drip system never asked for that. Then pest control was my next bill, I've been using the same pest service for years. Guardian Pest Control this company is the best ever!  The yucca injections  killed 4 passion fruit vines & none of my fruit trees produced this year. Their service is a rip off.  they keep calling me and harassing me about a bill that was to be adjusted by the management. Every time I talk to customer service their kind and say they'll take care of it, but then I'll get another call in a few weeks. I've cancelled all my services with them.
