5 These guys will match internet prices. I found a set of tires i liked at some web site called them up and guess what they matched the price with shipping. Fast Fast fast! if your next in line and have been a friendly customer. These guys will get your wheels on at nascar pace. If you roll on dubs then you want the life time balancing as you can find a discount tire almost anywhere. A huge plus when you drive out of state and need a quick balance between hauls.
5 I was debating to give Discount Tire a full 4 or 5 star rating but decided on the 5 because of the extra services they provide when you buy tires from them such as lifetime road balancing, rotations and if you get the tire warranty, they will replace the tire under warranty and not pro-rate it unless the tire is absolutely just done. On the last two of my three cars, I have taken advantage of this warranty which more the paid for itself after the first use.   Plus with internet price match, when I know I need new tires, I just search online for the tires I want, find them for cheaper and then have Discount match the price for even more money saved. Yay, Discount Tire!
5 Had something in my tire but it wasn't flat. Stopped at Big O further up the street who wanted about $20 and had a long wait. I did a little shopping only to find out they hadn't even started the fix so I decided to come back another day.  Next visit, about 1/2 hour after they opened on a weekday, I figured I'd have better luck. I waited in the lobby for 10 minutes and no one ever came in to help me. I figured this was a hint to find another shop.  I tried Walmart down the street but they said they only did plug repairs and thought I'd need a patch. They suggested Discount Tires.  I am so happy I took their advice.  I stopped in yesterday afternoon and after hearing there would be a wait, I made an 8am appointment to get it done.  They were prompt, friendly, and did it for free. For free. I had no idea they didn't charge for this.  I do need to get a different tire replaced. As a result of their great service and policy to fix flats for free, I'll be getting my tires here from now on.
5 No charge for 2 tire repairs! I was so pleased with the customer service and timing :D
