5 We've been taking our cars to Catskill for years. The is truly the last of the honest Mechanics. The owner and crew are professional and very skilled in their craft. Pleace call and make an appointment, they are often booked solid, but should be able to take you in ASAP. Worth the wait! 5 STARS!!!
5 The last HONEST mechanics anywhere in Vegas!!! They are awesome.  I found them after another mechanic told me my transmission was bad and I might as well replace my car (they offered to buy it from me by the way). I wanted a second opinion and found Tom and his crew through a family friend. I called and they had me come in the next morning, had the transmission shop next door run a scope through my transmission, and low and behold there is nothing wrong with it!! He gave me an oil change, which he said was all I needed, and didn't charge me for the shop next doors services.    Have been taking my car to them for 2 years now and will continue to do so even when I get a new car. Worth the drive from anywhere!
5 Google map shows the arrow on Sunpac street, the location is actualy at the end of the the street on Silver Wolf near the cul de sac. Get your car fixed right! Call Tom today!
5 Tom at Catskill is really the best. We have taken our cars here for several years now and have never had an issue with the quality of service or the price. As a woman, I have had situations where I have been demeaned or treated like an idiot by male mechanics - seriously. When I call Tom, that is never the case - I don't have to worry about being treated unfairly. He is a professional and knows what he is doing!
5 I live pretty close to these guy's and they are breath of fresh air after you have to deal with a stealership. His prices were the best in town, especially since he wouldn't lie to me about the problem. I have three vehicles and get all my work done here now.
5 Amazing repair shop, a man of immense integrity. It is such a relief to have found an auto repair shop that I would trust without reservation to do any repairs that my vehicles need. Check it out,  the reviews are real,  as is the service and integrity, you will find at Catskill auto and in the Proprietor Tom and his staff. Just a wonderful experience from beginning to end. Thank you for doing what you do!
