4 The wife and I have been debating whether or not to change cell carriers. Today, we finally went through with the decision. The organization my wife works for has a pretty sweet discount with Sprint, so that was one of the reasons we choose to move to Sprint (from AT&T). This review is only for our interactions at the store, not the overall service of Sprint as we have had our phones and coverage for approximately 3 hours.   When we arrived at the store, we were greeted by two employees right away. The greeting was very genuine and not forced. Fortunately, the store was not packed, so we were helped right away. The woman who assisted us, Molly, was incredibly helpful. She was knowledgeable, patient, not pushy and had a little bit of sass. We had an idea of what we wanted when we went in, but Molly provided us with some great tips on our new phones, which we wouldn't have known about otherwise. I find company cell stores to have very pushy employees, we did not find this the case at all. All customers who came in during our time in the store were assisted with great respect and concern.   We have been longtime customers of AT&T and have never been treated as respectfully as we were today at Sprint. Now, I can only hope their cell service is as good as the customer service we  received today.
5 They always have amazing customer service, when I am there.
1 I walk in after being sent to this store as its a corporate store.  The sales person, a short-haired woman, greets me without looking up from her own phone.  Mind you, 3 service agents and 1 customer.  When I told her I was sent by Sprint, she stated that wax "absolutely not" their policy.  She did this without putting her phone down.  She was playing a game on her phone.  I said that I would call again to confirm and she said "call all you want."  That was the straw that broke the camels back.  I called Sprint.  They took care of my situation immediately and the telephone manager reported the store.  AVOID THE WOMAN WITH THE SHORT HAIR AND PIERCINGS AT ALL COSTS!
1 My experience with sprint has lead to this!!!   Where should I start, with the fact that 3 out of the last phone calls that I made to your customer service ended in a call failure and no resolve or call back from the supervisors I was speaking to, the fact that I have been calling and begging for either better service or to be out of my contract for months now, or the fact that I was just HUNG UP ON BY ONE OF YOUR SUPERVISORS!!!!!!!!!!   Lets start this story with the fact that I live and work in the Silicon Valley(try being in front of Facebook HQ and not being able to log on Facebook!!) and can't complete a phone call. I used to use my phone for work and personal calls but it has been a text only machine for nearly the past year!! I have done all of the trouble shooting offered to me and still nothing, have called many times to see what else can be done and have been told that either there are 15 trouble tickets in my area (around my home in Union City and my work at Stanford University) or that there is nothing wrong with my service and must be my phone! To cut past all the other drama I went through, today I called 3 times (because my call was dropped once and I was left on hold another time) I was told that 1. I cant be let out of my contract, which ends in October without paying a $100 ETF, 2. If I am let out of my contract early I need to give you back my phone that I paid $200 for, and have been paying nearly $100 a month for almost 2 years (about $2,000 in total)  and 3. That because I wanted a discount on the services that I can not use that I'm trying to work the system!!!! Um excuse me for not wanting to pay $90 a month for a phone that I can't talk on!!!!! and lets not forget that the same supervisor refused to give me her name and hung up on me (I checked, not a dropped call).  You guys are not offering me a service I can use, forcing me to pay for it, and have horrible customer service. I do recall your big marketing scheme where Dan Hesse was promising better service and fewer dropped calls, and this is not what I am getting! Instead I'm getting dropped call, zero call backs, lied to, and hung up on!!! I am hoping that someone from this company see this and fixes the issues going on within your company. I am in shock and total disbelief that a company work millions feels just fine with taking my money that I work very hard for and has the nerve to be rude to me!!!!!! Please Dan Hesse, if you stand by any of the words you said in your commercials fix this!!!!
5 Came here to get some information on my account. Flash G. Helped me out initially and after some investigation found out some unwanted changes were made to my plan, at another location.   To make a long story short, while I am working with Sprint HQ to fix the catastrophe created from another location, The folks here not only spent a great deal of time helping me figure it out, but gave me some  very helpful suggestions to assist in the fixing process, while I wait on Sprint to respond. They did a lot to help me resolve this, and it is appreciated.   I want to also note, other locations either left me on hold for over 10 min, or just didn't answer the phone at all. Called over 3 locations, and was left hanging. Here, hey took care of me right away on two separate occasions.
