5 Eat at mariscos and be merryachi There's nothing that goes together better for me like peanut butter and jelly than seafood and mariachi, so I had to really try this place. We started with a dozen of raw oysters, fresh, juicy and intensively delicious, we also ordered the mariscada, a platter with a generous amount of seafood items to share and also the botana mixta equally served generously and they where both out of this land!  Buckets of beer are half price from Monday through Thursday  and shrimp cocktails 2 for one during those same days. All I had to say was " thank God Is Monday!"  Mariachi was a no show but that didn't stop us from listening to some corridos from the never tiring juke box, I believe mariachi is only on weekends as most places are but 12.00 corona buckets and a music machine was enough merryachi for me. Service Is great  place is clean and prices are awesome. Ok there's something else that goes better together......gin and tonic, but for the morning after hangover I got you on my list Mariscos el mariachi.
1 horrible service if your not drinking beer we were regulars because of the 2for 1 shrimp cocktail they were ok defenetly  not made to order my husband tried the 7 mares and got a horrible diareah and stomach ache everything was ok then they finally got they're license to sell beer  and they were the main priority! we were waiting for our order for over an hour we would see everyone get served but us even ppl for takeout my husband asked the rude owner and she said they had a lot of orders for take out i guess they come first than customers sitting and waiting for over an hour of course they're was a table of a family drinking and of course everything was rushed to them we finally got tired and told my husband lets go he paid for the waters we had and the horrible rude ass OWNER dint even apologize or acknowledge we were leaving never again the food is not made to order everything is fake not fresh not worth the wait and the bad service ur cocktails can be 3 for 1 u still cudnt pay me to come back
1 Ok so last Sunday I called around 8 to ask what time they closed. They told me they close at 9, I asked them "if I get there a couple minutes before 9 can we still get served? We are coming from very far away and we really like the food that's why we travel so far" the lady on the phone, one of the waitresses asked me what I would be ordering and I told her, she said ok that's fine we will see you here. I arrived there at 8:55 pm, before 9 obviously, I tried to open the door and in was locked, at first I thought I was just not pulling hard enough so I kept pulling then I realized it was closed. I had my daughter in my arms she's only 14 months, and the wind was crazy, I grabbed my phone and I called them, yes I am still standing in front of the door, the employees are staring at me as well as the owner and I tell them " hey I called earlier and I was told if I came before 9 you'll still serve me, I even already told the lady what we wanted" she said oh no we're already closed. " but i cálled and i was told it was ok" she then told me "the owner( la señora) said were already closed and she clicked on me. While I'm standing right outside the door. No hey I'm sorry we're closed already, they literally just ignored a client that drove more than 30 min to get there. The owner of this place is a joke, I can  assure you this business won't succeed. CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NUMBER ONE PRIORITY. If you don't treat your customers with respect, they won't come back! And you can be sure no one from my 55 + members in my family will be coming here anymore, and I will make sure to tell everyone I know of the terrible owner and staff! Si quiere negoció que lo atienda!
5 Love the food and the service. . I don't know why someone complained about the owner , she is really nice and a good lady .
