5 The way I see it - I've planned every aspect of my life so far: take on college, then grad school, pursue a career, commit to marrying, settle into a home, retire from corporate life, build a business, etc. But when the project is to start a family, should I just leave it to chance?  As I am no longer twenty-something and the "family" project was constantly superceeded by something else, I decided a plan was overdue and turned to Dr. Said Daneshmand, MD and his staff at the Fertility Center of Las Vegas, who has a reputation for being as good as it gets in the field of fertility - high success rate and personalized care.  As a health professional, I respect and admire doctors not just for their graduating credentials and training (Dr. D graduated top of his med school class, trained at prestigious institutions, and board-certified in fertility medicine) but for the ability to stay current and be a better clinician than businessman.   We all know that clinical and back-office staff as well as a state-of-the-art facility and innovation yield better results. With FCLV, I felt I was given the white glove treatment long after the surgical gloves came off. Dr. Daneshmand truly cares about his patients and joyfully and expertly practices this most innovative specialty.  Commitment, expertise, and integrity, the values we set for ourselves in our business, are the same reasons I have recommended Dr. Daneshmand to the closest of friends as far away as Manhattan for advice and consultation when they mention they are ready for a child in their life.   Congratulations on planning to plan.
4 This was our "Step 3" in our quest of having a baby. Highly recommended by many people (one of my friends went here), including our doctor, Dr. Hersh. We went to one of their free seminars (only free if you register) in the evening- jeez, it was a packed house. The two doctors explained many things to us. Questions were answered at the end of the seminar. Follow-up appointments were made. It was a well-organized assembly line complete with refreshments. The staff, although busy, was very nice.   We met with Dr. Shapiro one on one. We were given a folder with useful information. Although, we had been through a full round of tests, we were scheduled to take more tests. I had some low levels but it wasn't a big deal. The doctor said that we were both fine- everything worked, but just not together. (We fall into the unexplained category.)  We did a few months of regular cycles, but still no pregnancy. I should mention the few snags- we were forgotten a couple times, maybe because they were really busy. One major oops is that I underwent a procedure that I didn't need. One of the tests indicated that I had "debris". so I went under, only to find out that I didn't need anything done in the first place. I went to the center about 3x a week, which was very far from where we live, and from my job as well. Luckily, I forwarned my bosses about the numerous treks to the doctor's office. On two cycles, one of the aids failed to tell me that I needed some medication (which I then had to go back home to retrieve).We moved on to IUI- intra uterine insemination, but it didn't work. The medication made me extremely tired and lethargic- all I wanted to do was sleep. It was bad- all the side effects- I remember feeling like an experiment- all the bloodwork and ultrasounds. The doctor recommended that we do IVF- in vitro fertilization. However, my health insurance doesn't cover IVF so we didn't go through with it.
5 Dr. SHapiro and his staff at the Fertility Center of Las Vegas are AMAZING.    After being misdiagnosed my wife and I sought refuse with THE FERTILITY CENTER OF LAS VEGAS.  Dr. Shapiro met with us explained everything. His staff and assistant went over things with a fine tooth comb.  We had male infertility issues being two women and other than that it was just timing issues.     We are a lesbian couple and the the staff and Dr. did not even bat and eye. Everyone was informative helpful and always there when we needed them.  It is a busy place and sometimes you have to wait but the wait in the office is worth it . Both office atmospheres are amazing  refreshments are provided and if you need anything its usually not a problem to get.    When Dr. Shapiro released us from his care we left his office crying as we felt as though we were leaving member of our family.    We were fortunate to get pregnant on the first try via IVF  his statistics  in comparison to other LV clinics are amazing.  They even tried to work with us on the financial spectrum   Very professional and pleasant office staff who really pays attention to things.  They are amazing in my opinion and go to great lengths to show their love and support of their patients by throwing a patient reunion which is amazing.    Thank you DR. Shapiro and The Fertility Center of Las Vegas for helping us grow our family - We now have twin girls who just turned 1 month old !  Trying to Conceive by means of fertility treatments can be grueling on relationships and self esteem and The Fertility Center of Las Vegas really makes a huge difference in the process for us.   - Two Moms 2 twins
5 Amazing ... We came to FCLV because we were at wits end with another Dr we were seeing who was HORRIBLE.   We are two moms and found Dr. Shapiro and staff at FCLV to be very caring and friendly.  They became part of our family.  Everything was explained and detailed, everyone was professional and they even called to see how we were doing post visits.    We did one round of IUI that was unsuccessful and moved on to IVF and now have two amazing 12 week old little girls.    FCLV helped make our family and will forever be part of our family.  If you have any fertility issues I HIGHLY reccomend  FCLV the CARE is PHENOMINAL and your not just a patient - you become family that is how they made us feel  and we are still in contact with them today.    TOP NOTCH CARE and the statistic to prove it !!!!  Thanks FCLV   2MOMS2TWINS
5 Dr. Shapiro had come recommended to me by many people.  He is very nice and never makes you feel rushed during your appointments.  He always took the time to answer all of my questions.  There were even times I emailed him concerns and got a response at 10pm, or he'd call me the next day to discuss my concerns.  I work in healthcare and can tell you it is RARE that a doctor doesn't rush you out the door and actually calls you to discuss things themselves.  There are times his nurses call you with updates, but for the important things he calls you personally.  The office is full of nice people that are always willing to help you out with whatever you need.  I was really impressed when I saw Dr. Shapiro in the hallway one day (and I wasn't there to see him, just for blood work) and he stopped to talk to me just to check in and see how I was.  He remembered my name and situation-not many doctors would do that!  The office is VERY organized and gives you nice schedules depending on your treatment so that you know exactly when and where you need to be for the many appts you'll have if you are doing a fertility treatment.  I saw someone commented that they were forgotten-that never happened to me.  They call when they say they will call, which is something many offices don't do.  I did an IVF cycle with them and couldn't be happier.  I did get pregnant and they have great success rates here!  Also wanted to note that Amity, PA is awesome!  I loved getting my ultrasounds and visits with her.  She is sweet and caring and seemed as excited as me when I got pregnant!  Great staff there!
2 This facility runs like a factory.  The receptionist and the staff I did encounter are very impersonal.  I felt very uncomfortable and was treated like a number.  I will not waste another dime here.
5 We have been seeing Dr Daneshmand @ The Fertility Center of Las Vegas for some time now...we are on our 3rd cycle with him.  We had found out about Dr D via the ads you hear all over the radio stations.  We decided to go with him after checking out 2 other fertility centers in town (Red Rock and Sher).  We liked Dr D's professionalism and bed side manners.  He took the time to explain everything to us and answered all of our questions in detail.  The entire staff is top notch and professional.  Everyone from the front desk to the nurses to the people who do blood work.    In short, if you are considering fertility treatments and want the best possible Dr and staff...you have to see Dr D @ The Fertility Center of Las Vegas
5 I have never encountered this much compassion. They celebrate your victories and mourn your defeats. The Fertility Center of Las Vegas is the best game in town
5 My husband and I decided to see Dr. Shapiro, after over a year of trying to get pregnant. We went through all the testings that was recommended by Dr. Shapiro and found our problems. Our only option was IVF.   Dr. Shapiro was very professional and he even answered my e-mails after hours (8pm). He had great bedside manners and he was very confident that we would get pregnant.    Due to our busy schedule the fertility center was able to work around our schedule between the Sahara office and the Henderson office (we mainly went to the Sahara office). I really enjoyed the staff from the front staff to the back staff. Trish (IVF coordinator) was very helpful in answering all my questions and concerns via phone or e-mail. Gwen/Jennifer (billing) were also very helpful in answering my questions regarding the financial. With all the blood work that I had to do, Dove is your girl.   Overall, I would recommend The Fertility Center of Las Vegas.  P.S. We are now 4 months pregnant with our first IVF cycle.
1 ALL THEY WANT IS YOUR MONEY!!!!   I had seen Dr. Shapiro in June of 2013 for an initial consult.  He went over everything told me and my husband what tests would need to be done in order to start IVF treatment (some tests either myself or my husband had done from a previous doctor he wanted to do a repeat of it).  After the consultation with Dr. Shapiro, he directed us to see the new patient coordinator, Debbie R.  She was helpful with going over what the next steps were going to be and showing us a price list of how much it would cost for our portion -with both our insurances. I was surprised how both Dr. Shapiro and Debbie were on a personal basis with us and how they stated that they were there to help us.  While in the office with Dr. Shapiro he sent me an email, which I was able to check right there thru my cell phone, and told us that if we have any questions to feel free to send him an email anytime.  On Debbie's business card that she provided in the new patient packet she even listed her cell phone number.  I left the office that it was nice to know that The staff at the Fertility Center would be available whenever.  A few hours after I had left the office I received a call from, Veronica at the Fertility Center, and was informed that both my insurances will not cover anything - diagnostic and/or the treatment because I had previously taken a hormone pill to help with my fertility. I had to cancel the diagnostic testings that we had both scheduled for later that week because the Fertility Center stated that they will be collecting over $3,000 up front.  From my research and talking to several people who had IVF treatment before, most insurances do not cover treatment, but there a more insurances out there that will at least cover the costs for any diagnostic testing prior to treatment, which is what I was expecting.   Two months later I received a bill from the Fertility Center for $287.00, which was cash pay for the initial consult that I had in June.  I work for a medical practice and understand how billing and insurances work.  Just because insurances may not cover or have a preexisting on IVF treatment, it does not mean that they will not cover an initial consultation. Before I called the Fertility Center about the charge I contacted my primary insurance to see if they have received a claim for that office visit.  I also went over my benefits as far as what my insurance covers as far as infertility, , and treatment.    I attempted numerous times to get a hold of their billing department but I would always get directed to Gwen, from billing, voice mail.  I later called back my insurance and had a rep call the facility and have the billing department send a claim for the office visit that they were trying to collect cash from me.  Less than a month later, my insurance had paid for the claim. My balance of $287.00 dropped to my primary insurance copay which was $60.00 ((that is a lot of money they tried to get from me!!!)).  I waited a week later and followed up with Gwen and requested that she send the $60 copay charge to my secondary insurance for them to pick up.  I informed Gwen if my secondary insurance does not pick up the remaining $60 I will then take care of the balance.  Gwen stated that she would first need the check from my primary insurance before she can send the claim out to my secondary insurance.  That process I understood so I just waited.    Less than two months have passed and I received a bill in the mail from the Fertility Center for $60.  I immediately called Gwen to follow up because I had called my secondary insurance and they haven't received any claim from their facility regarding my office visit in June.  As usual, you can never get a hold of her and get directed to her voice mail.  I followed up 2 weeks later because Gwen hasn't returned my call yet, and same thing I had to leave a message.  To take it to a higher level I tried to get a hold of the office manager and to no surprise I got directed to voice mail and had to leave a message for Shelley.  It's lucky that I understand how medical and billing works.  I feel sorry for the rest of the people who were told the same and ended up paying thousands of dollars in hopes of having a baby.  After discussing my experience with others I have heard numerous times that Dr. Shapiro and/or the Fertility Center is known for just wanting your money.  NEVER EVER would I recommend the FERTILITY CENTER to ANYBODY. THEY AUTOMATICALLY TELL YOU YOUR INSURANCE WILL NOT COVER AND YOU HAVE TO PAY CASH UP FRONT!
5 The staff here is amazing! They always remember me and my name. They are friendly and personal. With all that, they still manage to keep the office run like a well-oiled machine. They are incredibly busy but they make sure you don't feel like you are being rushed.
1 This place is HORRIBLE and I'm shocked to see the positive reviews. Most of those are written by Yelpers with only a few other reviews, so I question their authenticity... I also wonder why so many negative, 1-star reviews are filtered... (I would also like to respond to Anne Q. T.'s post by saying that I would never, under any circumstances, recommend this clinic to anyone in Manhattan.)  This office is so poorly run that if they were located anywhere else, they would have run out of business. I guess anything goes in Las Vegas... (?) The front desk is unorganized and staffed with incompetent people. Even though my husband and I were on time, they made us wait more than an hour before the doctor was willing to see us. We had submitted the very lengthy initial patient forms days prior to our visit, yet he didn't even have the courtesy to familiarize himself with our history, nor was he particularly interested to learn why we were there. The only thing he seemed to be focused on was bragging about himself and in about 15 minutes he rushed us into the case manager nurse's office assuring us that she would walk us through everything and would be able to answer to our questions.   Our case manager was extremely unprofessional with zero bedside manners. She made us wait an other half an hour before she was ready for us. Five minutes after we sat down, she interrupted us and stormed out of the office, saying "Dr Shapiro needs me."  Really??? "Walking us through everything" meant rushing through a generic list of testing procedures and quoting prices. Half of those tests had already been done elsewhere and the other half was unnecessary in my case, so we questioned her why these tests were required and her answer every time was: "Because this is what Dr Daneshmand ordered." Very helpful, indeed. As if that's not enough, she insisted that we sign a bunch of forms authorizing FCLV use our story, pictures, etc. if the procedure is successful. As I said earlier, it's all about marketing and blowing their own horns at this place.   Needless to say, we didn't go back after such an experience. I detest fertility clinics, like this one, where patients are treated as if they were just a case number and the facility is run like a factory. Since then, my husband and I have been working with a renowned fertility specialist in Manhattan, even if it means he has to fly here every two or so weeks. Everything is explained to us and our questions are answered by the physician and we are now being treated with respect and compassion - something we didn't experience at FCLV.  It saddens me to think that FCLV is supposedly one of the better clinics in Las Vegas and I'm dreaded to think what the competition might be like. I honestly hope the quality of fertility care will improve significantly in Las Vegas and many families will have access to the much better care they deserve.
5 I can't say enough great things about Dr. Daneshmand. My husband and I are both in our 40's, had already suffered a miscarriage and were really uneducated about the risks of natural conception at my age. We had been trying to get pregnant again when we went to see Dr. D. and after our consultation we were actually glad we didn't because more than likely we would have suffered another devastating miscarriage. We both fell in love with Dr. D. instantly. He took his time and educated us well on the risks of trying IVF using my eggs vs a donor. We tried to use my eggs first but they were not viable. Even though I expected as much it still hit me pretty hard. Dr. D. was so warm, compassionate and genuinely concerned and gave me hope to move forward. We decided to try donor eggs and fast forward to today, I'm pregnant! The staff is terrific.  It gets busy at the main office (Sahara) but if you live near Henderson, try to make your appts there whenever possible - they are always on time and the girls in that office are awesome!!
1 The money factory!!  Clearly this place prints money for the doctors and don't you dare get in the way.  Doctor was okay - clearly too busy counting his money to have read all those damn forms we filled out and otherwise okay attention to details like our names.  He seemed knowledgeable but none of his canned remarks reflected our specific situation - but in fairness, he could not have known anything about the situation having not read the detailed forms, nor asking any specific question or without actually listening to what we said.  Plus his can I blame his careless demeanor when I don't remember his name nor care to speak to him again.  The highlight of the trip to the money factory was the office manager who we were told was to explain the process.  All she did is put a price list in front of us and tell us about payment terms.  When we questioned an item that had recently been done we were brusquely informed that it had to be done with them because they were the experts and could not be sure what us done elsewhere.  Yup, plus their process on depositing my money is second to none!    The money factory is a wonderful place.....for the owners!  They print money every time a fool like us walks thru the door and more when you return according to the price list (or whatever other name they use for the schedule). We went elsewhere as this is a difficult and trying time and we wanted an office that not only had the right diplomas and know how, but also compassion.
5 I had a wonderful experience at the FCLV! Dr. D was amazing! He was always there to answer any question I had and was very caring and compassionate with our situation. After our first visit with him I knew he was my doctor. The nurses were very nice and made my weekly blood drawls seem painless. The girls at the front desk were quick at getting me scheduled or transferred to the needed department and even when I called after hours to ask how to administer my shots the nurses were very helpful and didn't seem annoyed that I was calling them. After reading some of these other reviews I am shocked to read that not everyone had a experience like mine. I would not label FCLV a money factory. Going though IVF is a huge deal and you have to feel comfortable with your clinic and  doctor. I couldn't have imagined going to anyone else that would give me better care than I had received.
4 My Husband I decided to go here after trying to get pregnant for over a year. After testing both of us we decided to go through with the IVF process due to my history of Endometrosis. So much to discuss so I will break it down:  * Front Desk Staff: Professional and to the point, the only thing that kind of bothered me was that I felt like I was interrupting them sometimes when they were all chatting in a big group.   * My IVF Coordinator was great, she responded to my e-mails in a timely manner and even gave me her cell phone number to contact her whenever I was freaking out about something. (The process is scary and time consuming to say the least). The only thing that bothered me was in the middle of my process I was transferred to many different "coordinators" due to vacations, days off etc. So I was very confused on who to contact when I had questions and concerns. Towards the end I ended up just sending out mass emails to many people. If they could fix one thing I would suggest supplying patients with an itinerary of who they will be working with and what time. They already provided me with the itinerary of meds, procedures and a list of payment options, however a schedule of which staff member to contact during which process would make everyone's life easier.   * Dove the woman who took my blood almost every morning was AMAZING, she was always in a great mood and honestly made everything so much easier. When you are struggling with infertility it is a very scary process and to be distracted by funny stories and small talk makes a huge difference. Every morning I would arrive with knots in my stomach/anxiety but she always did a great job distracting me from reality even for those few minutes.  * The doctor himself (Shapiro) had great bed side manner, and kind of made me feel that everything was gonna be fine and he down played a lot of things which put me at ease so I wasn't over worrying about everything.  Overall a great expereince, We followed through with IVF, got pregnant with identical twins and I am currently 5 months pregnant. Yes the process is expensive, we make payments every month to a medical loan with an insanely high interest but I am thankful to have the opportunity to experience motherhood.   On a side Note: We recently just received a bill in the mail for $1200 for a genetic testing done at the center after we were pregnant, they tests were sent to a pharmacy not covered under our insurance, so I would suggest to new and current patients to make sure the office sends any tests to a pharmacy covered under your insurance. Mistake made by the Fertility Center which we are currently trying to appeal.
1 I'm VERY disappointed with the front office staff. Their attitude needs to change asap. With all the money people shell out at your clinic , you would think they would be a little bit more caring and understanding towards people's needs. Under no circumstances should a woman leaving your clinic feel more stressed and upset! shame on you.
3 Family planning is a very sensitive issue for some and I think, for this reason, it's important to have a great connection with your reproductive endocrinologist and their staff. Unfortunately, I didn't find this at FCLV. I did like Dr. Shapiro, although he was not always the most comforting. He brushed off some of my concerns, worked quickly, and made me feel rushed during some of my exams and procedures. I'm pretty sure this is just due to the nature of his very busy practice, but that's part of the reason I moved on. Most days, I felt like a number. I once went in for a procedure and, as I was signing in, the girl at the front desk hollered to someone else "the (insert name of my procedure) is here." Way to make me feel like a condition, and not a patient. And way to violate my right to privacy. Anyone in the waiting room could clearly have made the connection that I was the (insert procedure name here).   I found it very difficult to know who to contact at different times during my cycle, despite being given an office phone list the size of the yellow pages. I also found it hard to get my questions answered. At times, I felt like a nuisance asking questions. I received answers like, "It was explained in the packet we gave you." It's important for the staff to remember that individuals going through fertility treatments need guidance and compassion. Sometimes I just want to ask a person a reasonable question and receive an answer or explanation that doesn't come from a pre printed pamphlet.   As a patient at FCLV, I felt extremely uneducated and uninformed. Despite my meetings and consultations with Dr. Shapiro, I didn't feel like I was well educated on certain aspects involving my treatment. Ultrasounds were performed by techs and not the doctor; they would call out numbers regarding my ultrasound findings to their coworker recording information in the room, but would never explain to me what these numbers meant. I found myself making mental notes and then researching on my own later on. Being in healthcare, I'm a firm believer that education is key, and it doesn't end after the first encounter.  One of the hardest things to overcome in this place was how long I'd wait for my appointments. I was often kept waiting long after my appointment time without so much as an update, let alone an acknowledgment, from the front desk staff. The staff create this barrier between them and the patients by closing a glass window, and then they stand around talking and sometimes not acknowledging people at the front desk. This may be totally off base, but they should know this is the impression they're giving off.    On the plus side, the office is clean, modern and comfortable. I did enjoy the light music playing in the exam rooms. It calmed me on procedure days. The employees in the lab were friendly and efficient. And there are some early morning hours for those who are working with a tight schedule (but don't expect to be in and out on time).   I have since started seeing another reproductive endocrinologist in a smaller practice in the valley and I'm feeling a lot more valued and educated than I did at FCLV. Considering that fertility practices are limited here, FCLV may be a great option for some. Some glowing reviews talk about excellent experiences here so I think everyone needs to see and decide for themselves. Don't be afraid to shop around to make sure you're comfortable with the folks who are going to help you achieve your family. They may be right here at FCLV!
