5 The only reason I'm giving the Bunkhouse 4 stars.....is cuz, THEY DON'T HAVE PABST ON TAP!!!!!  AAHHHHHH!!!!!  When you pull up to the Bunkhouse, at first glance you expect Patrick Swayze to swagger out and kick your ass.  (Roadhouse reference...it totally looks like a roadhouse, actually, it may be THE perfect embodiment of a roadhouse.  What is a Roadhouse?)  I LOVE this place.....my first experience was a kick ass event called "TROMAPALOOZA"....that's right peeps it was hosted by the fantabulous film house TROMA.....Lloyd Kaufman was even there signing boobies.  So the subtle charm of the Bunkhouse lies with in it's stony interior design....the absolute opposite of what you expect to find when you see the outside. (like I said....ROADHOUSE)  It's cozy and new looking with a stage in the corner.....and some rad bartendresses that need your tip love.  All's I know's is....I had the blastiest of blasty times.   Good friends, great atmosphere......okay bands.  ( I thought punk, after it died, decided to kick it's own ass if it was too poppy and or the lead singer barked like a dog instead of singing...i could be wrong, or drunk.)   That aside, this place rules!!!!!  So, I had to append this review.....and give the Bunky one more star.  I had another stellar time there this weekend.   So I've let go the dream of having Pabst on tap, Cuz they get such great bands in there.  I am soooo In love with "The Holograms." (www.teenaciderecords.com) 5 hot chicks singing about boyfriends and drugs.   Ahhhhh...romance.
4 Another good live music bar on East Fremont, part of the burgeoning downtown scene. They give bands a place to play, and surroundings that bring in the audiences, so big ups. Like Damon says in his review, it looks divey from the outside, but that just keeps out the reverse riff-raff from a couple blocks west....the folks with the beer-filled plastic footballs or the giant alcoholic slurpees. We love you, alcoholic slurpee people, but stay west of the Boulevard, and nobody gets hurt.
4 Emerging from the not-so-impressive surroundings of Fremont and 11th, but BH glows like a homing beacon for music fans and boozers.  I've visited the BH quite a few times over the past year and a half or so and, while it's not my favorite place in the world, I usually have a decent time here.  My biggest complaint, since I'm old and crotchety, is that I can never find a place to sit unless I get there unfashionably early.  And who the hell wants to be unfashionable?  That aside, the place has character, dammit, and that counts for a lot.  (And I'm not just talking about the multitude of local characters that can usually be found packing the place.)   Decent bands can be found playing, and the BH has been a gracious host to a few charity shows in the past and that's just damned awesome of them.   I ended up here one blurry night and it was almost empty.  I shot a few racks of pool with my friends and could find a place to sit.  That was definitely by favorite BH experience.  I'm obviously getting old.  Oh, by the by, on Wednesday nights there's stand up comedy.  My friend Dave goes up there, but he's reticent to tell his friends to come see him.  So if you go to comedy night, which you should cause there are some funny local people, tell Dave Greek that Crystal says he's a butthead.  It will rule.
4 I've always had fun at this downtown dive bar.  They have such a wide range of music and events.  This past Friday they had an awesome jam band with "Fear and Loathing" showing on a movie screen in the background.  Had to wait awhile for drinks but it was no big deal.  We were able to get a table.  It was VERY loud, especially when the band stopped and the DJ started.  $5 cover.  Past cool events have included blues night, psy trance and breakbeats.  Funny wild west cowboy decor inside... but it works.  They also have a parking lot right across the street, which is nice since it's a somewhat sketchy area of downtown.
5 Sure it's a little divey on the outside, but this place has got some great seats for watching live music (big leather chairs....so comfortable) and very attentive bartenders.  I caught a lesser known band there and it was such an awesome experience getting to be so up close and personal.  It was like having my favorite band play for me in my living room, very relaxed and fun.
4 A little divey?  This place is a lot divey.  But that's its charm.  Decent sized room to see bands who nobody's ever heard of... yet.  Cool bartenders.  Video poker.  I think they have food, too.  I'll definitely be back.
4 ok venue for local music. easy parking if you get there early enough.
4 Perfect for a local band, and the cajun fries aren't bad either. If there is a neon reverb band playing there, or another local band..you can always count on a good dive bar experience!
4 This is the best place i used to go! Bartenders are really very good of here. Food is very nice of here. I always feel relax coming here.
3 Went here to see Crime in Stereo with a few friends. Real shady area, but the drinks are cheap and the music is loud.  I actually loved the atmosphere and had a really fantastic night here. I'd recommend it to anyone going to see a band; the acoustics were even decent!
3 Great place if you like dive bars with live local bands. Sure it's in an iffy part of town. I know there's a rule of thumb that you just don't go past that new "East Fremont" section of downtown. I think Bunkhouse is a reason to stray from that conventional wisdom.  The building itself is surprisingly nice looking from the outside. There is plenty of convenient parking across the road. I'm not sure if there's normally a cover, but we were there last night for the Three Square benefit. It was free to get in with a canned food item (though they weren't actually checking that).  Drink prices weren't super cheap, but nowhere near crazy-strip-expensive. The bartender made me some strong drinks, so I got some pretty good ROI. Also, you never have to wait long to get a drink. That's always a plus.
4 This place is like playing inside a big house, the seating is great. The sound is good for such a small place. The door is usually a great price and bands love to play this place. I personally like the food here, you would think that a joint like this would have tasteless bar food, but then you would be surprised here! I pretty much dig everything about this little club! "PAN"
4 Great little bar. Easy to park. Id go more often n check out new bands if they didn't charge a cover.
3 Weird western looking bar that does metal and local rock shows. Good drinks, and what looks like good food. Pretty nice inside, but entered from the alley on the inside of a trailer park, you might wanna watch it. Once you're in who cares. Order a drink. I saw a pregnant girl eating ice cream outside...
2 Its too smokey for me. The food is really good, the drinks are weak.  sometimes its too loud to talk or hear anyone. Its cool they support local bands, but I dont like paying a cover for crappy local bands.
4 Your experience will vary!  Food is pretty damn good and average in price. Booze prices are all over the place. One complaint, you can not leave a tab open. If you are paying with a card, you have to close it every time you get a drink. This is likely because of scumbags (see the clientele on some nights) running out with out paying.
1 In the ghetto, crackheads everywhere, cops drive by every 5 minutes or less, the owner is a douche bag and runs a music venue but has no concern for the music scene except getting paid off from it. This place wouldn't even exist if it wasn't for live music. On top of that the sound sucks and there's always a busted speaker cracking in the place. Horrible location with lots of crime & great place to go drinking if your looking for a DUI or a conversation with a crazy drug addict. Unfortunately they do have a couple really cool bartenders that are friendly & awesome at their job but that alone wont get me there. Ive ate there a couple times & I wouldn't advise doing that either. With so many bar/restaurant/music venues in Vegas it would make no sense at all to go to this one. I call it the Junkhouse...Don't get me wrong downtown is the place to hang out for locals but just not in the ghetto part of downtown. If your looking for fun downtown stay close to the Fremont experience. Check out Beauty Bar, Insert Coins, LVCS, Brass Lounge, Chicago brewery, & Hogs and heffers. All cool places to hang out downtown.
3 At first glance when arriving at Bunkhouse, it looks like a dive bar where locals come to for a hangover night.  The loud rock music playing in the background can be heard from the parking lot.  Before entering the door, there's a bouncer who takes a $5 cover charge.  The loud rock music playing in the background can be heard from the parking lot.  The interior decoration is very dark, grungy, and has a rock feeling to it.  Although it felt a little dirty.  Being a bar, maybe that's expected.  Watching the bartenders, they seem to work very hard to get the orders and drinks.  With being busy, it's very easy to miss customers who had been waiting to order.  We waited maybe ten minutes before a bartender came to take our order and served our drinks.    Bunkhouse is known for having local bands perform for the patrons.  Some are good, while others should rethink their career path in the music business.  Though I shouldn't talk since performing their music in front of people takes a lot of guts.    If you are looking for a place where the level of noise is like a concert, this is the place to be.  But, if you want to carry a conversation prepare for your vocal chords to be torn to shreds at the end of the night.
4 If this place were in Denver, I'd probably be a quasi-regular.  Bunkhouse reminded me a lot of my hometown venue the Larimer Lounge, only with an ample outside area and more seating inside.  It was also a good spot to catch local and other cities' local talent.  My Body Sings Electric (DENVER REPRESENT!) brought our group in and cover was $10 for a slew of bands, both indoors and outdoors.  They also had food indoors with a barbecue and bar setup outdoors.  Not the nicest place in a hood that seemed a bit rough around the edges (to say the least) but if you're looking to escape all of the tourism of the strip and the cheese of Fremont Street Experience for grungy, divey, "locals only" type of locale, this is your spot.  Also some great mounted deer heads on the walls.  Hipsterific!
4 This place is less than a mile from Vegas' downtown Fremont Experience. Once you leave the experience, the neighborhood looks really sketchy. But there's nothing to be afraid of if you act like a normal person & not a scared tourist. Me & the hubby walked there from the experience.  It's looks like a cowboy club inside & out but they play all types of music. We were there for a punk band.  I guess the punk scene is not big in Vegas, seemed only a few regulars there for a Saturday night.  We still had a load of fun and the bartenders were attentive & quick when serving me. I would get to the bar and one bartender remembered what I last ordered & had my next round ready for me before I even opened my mouth. That was great, lol. I would definitely go there again for another punk show when in Vegas.
4 Hey Downtown Vegas workers. Remember the Strip Sandwich Shop? The guys are here and so are the sandwiches (for the most part)! I have missed the fresh sandwiches more than I can ever express! I've worked downtown for 8 years and when Strip Sandwich burnt down there was a hole in my world that has now been filled!   Check it out and do yourself a fresh back east style favor. Quality meats, fresh veggies, great bread and simple condiments make for a reliably good lunch. And hey you can get a beer here too! Keep up the good work Bunkhouse!
5 Okay, this place is kinda in a shady area of downtown. It kind of scary even driving to the parking lot.   Once you're inside, it's a total dive bar! Cheap drinks! But I don't recommend getting import beer, they don't have that on draft. Expect this place to be smoky like any other bars.  This place also has a stage, so if you're down to listen to some unknown band, this joint is for you!
4 The Bunkhouse is a great little dive bar.    Live music several nights...cheap beer...a little dingy...slightly dirty...great feel!  This is a great spot for local music...as well as some out-of-town acts.  I haven't had the food here...so sorry no comments there.
4 OK - yeah - The Bunkhouse is located in the still non-gentrified part of Fremont East and you will probably get propositioned by a lady of the night on the way into the club, but what infamous rock and roll club worth their salt isn't located in a rough location? I personally don't like my rock & roll safe and sanitized.  As a musician, I really enjoy playing here. The sound on stage is consistently good, with (gasp) working monitors!  Everyone that has run sound on the nights I've played here have been low-key and no hassle. Generous drink tickets for the band and a cut of the door. Comfortable place and one of the better venues in town for underground and local bands to see and be seen. I never have a bad time here.
4 Great music venue for live music that is off the strip. Amazing indie and garage bands play here as well as some punk rock, reggae, alternative, (pretty much anything that is not pop music) Cheap drinks as well, I think they have a special during certain times where you can get a PBR and a shot for 5 bucks. Not in the greatest of neighborhoods, but I like a little sketchy-ness once in a while. Definitely off the grid, and that is the way I like it sometimes. It's just a really cool dive bar with live music.
4 I'm writing this review as a person who works downtown and has pathetically few places to go to lunch during the day.   The subs here are phenomenal! Hands-down the best place to get a sandwich in the downtown area. They also serve mortadella subs, which is impressive considering what a scarcity it is to find that meat on a menu. I order it every time and it is delicious.  The have both can and fountain drinks. The fountain is endless, the can charges per glass. The prices are reasonable, about $8 for a large sub that I can never finish in one sitting. The Bunkhouse is definitely becoming one of my favorite spots to go to for lunch.  The atmosphere is a bit meh during the day and the server is grumpy, but he's fast and checks in regularly to make sure you have everything you need. He's actually probably one of the best servers I've ever seen, just in terms of checking in and anticipating everyone's needs. Overall, a fine place to have a yummy lunch downtown.
1 After some great dive bar stops on this trip to Las Vegas . . . we one that we probably should have skipped . . . Country meet Heavy Metal . . . REALLY.  Anyways . . . took about 5 minutes before the bartender acknowledge us and took our drink order . . . after that . . . she never came back to see if we needed another, or even to start up a conversation . . . too interested in the regulars sitting playing video poker.  We left after the one drink . . . and were glad to see this place in the rearview mirror as we moved on down the road.
4 Another great spot for a variety of activities including drinking, eating and listening to live music. The room has character in a vaguely western kind of way. Maybe vague isn't the right word -- it's spotty with the flair as opposed to overflowing with it. If you're a band playing here you may have to contend with folks gambling at the bar video poker machines or with a TV or two left on sometimes. Shows NEVER start on time, which seems to be part of the business model to, ah, encourage a few drink purchases before showtime. They do give drink tickets to the band which is much appreciated. Also, the shows are generally very affordable if there is a cover at all. Around $5 for most. Trevor and The Joneses have played here 4 or 5 times now. Great times at The Bunkhouse!  (one complaint, they do allow smoking inside. beware!)
4 I dig it here. they have some pretty cool bands, I like when it gets crowded. I saw Andrew Jackson Jihad for punk rock bowling which was badass....i think that's all I have to say. No complaints.
5 John is an amazing bartender, very friendly, very nice, also a great place to see local bands if that's what your into. I love this place and would send all the friends here
