3 Disappointed with the ambiance and facility but pleased with the Elemis facial treatment. My facialist had the softest hands and the products she used weren't harsh at all. I didn't come out red or looking like a 'monster' (BFF said I looked refreshed). Her massage pressures were perfect too. She was nice and friendly as well. She should leave this place and work at the Bellagio spa or Qua baths :) BFF had a good prenatal massage experience. She wants to get another massage but definitely somewhere back in the bay area.
3 i had a WONDERFUL hot-stone massage last weekend. my massage therapist was great (dang, i wish i remembered her name!).   The facility was very clean, and the amenities were pretty standard.   HOWEVER, i have to subtract 2 stars because of the front desk staff.  when i come in to a spa, i want to be greeted with SMILES.  the guy at the front desk was not friendly.  i am all about customer service, so this is where they dropped the ball.
4 This place really has a lot of treatment rooms! My facial was probably one of the best facials I have ever had. The lime and ginger body treatment was amazing too. I had the spa suite all to myself! My mom and dad also had amazing facials. The boyfriend had a wonderful massage as well with a cute masseuse. The other reviews do not do this place justice. It may not be as extravagant as other Vegas spas, but I was incredibly satisfied.
4 4 stars are for my masseuse, Monica. For the spa itself, I would probably give it 2.5 at most. When we first arrived, there wasn't anyone in the front to greet or check us in. We arrived promptly at 3pm, the time of our appt. When we checked in, they rushed us to change because we were already into our 50mins massage time. WTH? Not only that, but they didn't instruct us on anything; what to change into, where to go afterwards, etc. Not only that, but after I changed, I waited close to another 10mins before my masseuse came out! WTF? If you're going to rush your clients, the least you can do is be ready for them when they are. Thankfully my masseuse wasn't like that. She even walked me to the restroom before my appt, then took the time to do a complete massage. I sprained my ankle the night before, so she took extra care of that and even gave me something to put on it afterwards. Wish we had the time to enjoy the rest of their amenities. Loved Monica, didn't like the rest of the staff.
1 I had a really good massage. Emphasis on the HAD.   I should have known when I first got there that the front desk staff was incompetent. They didn't know their policies or processes if their lives depended it.  To be fair, if you have a straight forward transaction like you'll use the credit card that you made your reservation under, stuff like that then you probably won't have a problem. They can't handle anything more than that. Also, their price list is wrong. They should follow the price list, I think by law, but they don't. They just say it's old. But then why have it out? And why are the internet prices the same too? They also tack on a mandatory service charge.   Anyhow, my friends' experiences were not that great. They had rooms that were cold. One friend went with the four-hands massage. Well her room was friggin' cold and with two people working on you there isn't anywhere for you to be covered. So you're a$$ed out (no pun intended) with having a cold massage. She also complained of too much light int he room but they couldn't do anything about it as it was windows that were letting in the light.  So she came out of her treatment crying. Mind you, this is a $300+ treatment. So we went to complain. The girl in the back was helpful, but she ain't the manager. It took the manager over 20 minutes to get back to talk to us. She couldn't even look at us. Kept her eyes shut as she spoke. What's worse, she was the concierge!!! WTF?!?! Shouldn't you be kissing my feet?  Anyhow, she promised something and we hung out at the spa a little longer. When we went to check out, our transactions were already processed, where they said that we don't pay till the end b/c I was trying to pay up front and not deal with this mess after I'm all relaxed. Whatever. Whatever the concierge promised didn't get communicated back up front. No one knew what to do. The next shift manager hid from us in the back. It was lame.  Oh and uh the spa facilities suck too btw. I guess the day we were there someone made off with the lotion. WTF?!?! Don't you have extra? Wierd.  But if you are brave enough to deal with this mess, look up David as your masseuse. He is bomb! He has a warm room and even hooked me up with some hot stones! If I could write a review on just him, I'd give him 5 stars.
3 Hot stone massages are great. Definitely warranted after dealing with such helpful (read: incompetent) front desk staff!  Also...it's really not hard to spell my name. Paul. PAUL. Not, Pall. Seriously.
1 WAY overpriced!!!  Nothing was special about this place. And thats really sad because we spend like 350 for a couples massage for only 60 min... :(  the shower/ steam/ jacuzzi area was awful! i mean my gym has better amenties then that!!  Oh and the massage therapists didn't actually give you the whole time in my opinion...I think they included dressing time and stuff...lame..but not nearly as lame as the medicore massage that we recieved...ATTENTION: it's called pressure, and when I'm getting a massage I would like to feel some pressure...otherwise I could rub my own body thank you!!    next time i'm in town i'm trying ceasers!
3 I'm sure this place is amazing...but the day we went was just not one of those.  The place looks great. I love their interior. Looks very warm, clean and relaxing.  Me and my girls got the ultimate manicure. And i loved the scrub and massage. But the entire time, the manicurists were trying to sell us products which was a lil annoying.   The frontdesk girl didn't really show us around, so we had no idea of where to go or what we could use...she told us there was complimentary fruit in the waiting room and when we got there there was a bowl of whole apples and oranges...personally i dont really want to have to peel or eat a whole orange.  We decided to change into robes...and that particular day, the cleaners had apparently not delivered sashes...so we had to complain and have the staff find us some.  The mani was great. But they hurried us out the minute they finished the top coat. so we had to sit around for the polish to dry...  the service just seemed to stop after the front desk. I just expect more when you go to a "nice" spa like this one and pay for good service and amenities.
2 This spa hit the mother lode of suckitude. I foolishly forgot to get a pedi BEFORE getting on the plane but I could not in good conscience put my nasty claws out on the streets of Vegas. My back was against the wall and I knew that I had to suck it up and spring for an overpriced strip pedicure. OK. Fine. I made my bed. Since I was staying at the Paris, I made a last minute appointment there.   Here's where the annoyance comes in. I ask the lady at the spa desk for a pedi.  She says in a  voice with a note of contempt..."We have a basic...and I mean very basic...pedicure for $65." Now the voice gets shrill and upbeat "OR we have our signature spa pedicure, which is a much much more relaxing experience for $120." Thick painted on smile.   I get it. You want to up sell me. So I ask what's the difference. The answer: Spa Chair. That's it? WTF. $55 bucks for a spa chair. No thanks. So I politely decline and get a look like I am the cheapest bastard in the world. Whatever. Just fix my feet, please.   I return for my appt and am greeted by a less than friendly clinician. She then does the same up sell speech, showing me the spa chairs. (which are in no way gold plated)  Annoying. No thanks. But seriously, Paris, a rolling stool with no back in the middle of the main hallway? That's my $65 option?  It was like the pedi of shame.  I had to keep myself from rolling around while all of the other people walk by wondering what I was oing in the middle of the hallway.   That said, I was determined to enjoy myself despite them and the pedi itself came out fine.   When I went to check out, the price came to $80ish. I said, "I thought it was $65?" They say, we automatically charge a 15% gratuity. Huh? Where do you get off deciding how much I give for gratuity?  It's not like I was a table of 6 or more.I was going to tip 20% but now you can all suck it.   And for that, 2 stars!!!
3 Tthis place is ok, i only came here because QUA had no more appointments open on a busy weekend. Massage was good, but what massage isnt good? the facilities cannot compare to QUA obviously, but i will go back again if i have to. I had the hot stone massage, very cool.  but yes... i agree with the others, they are super stuck up (staff)...
3 Well, I am a little biases because this was my first massage experience, but let me tell you from the best I can. The waiting room and spa facilities were nice. One thing I personally both liked and didnt like is the men women separation. My bf didn't want to go because we couldn't be together so we went to the pool instead to lounge together. I later had a massage and body scrub and then a mani pedi. The massage and scrub was great. It could have lasted forever and the lady was very nice. Oh the waiting room. Not really anything to snack on there, even though they said they do. Whole fruit? more like decoration. and no orange juice. I am a sucker for orange juice. So they offered the choice between their basic mani pedi and the deluxe, and the difference was this little rolling stool and and  really nice chair, but I dont think i justifies about $50 difference. The manicurist was nice and keep trying to sell me stuff, but they get commission so I understood so it didnt bother me. She did a good job and I was done. I would go again for massage, but probably somewhere else for mani pedi.
2 had a massage here and had such high hopes...but was let down. i was stoked since i had my spa finder gift cards - but it wasn't worth the trouble. the massage itself was just "okay". the space and the amenities were so-so.  the staff and service is what really brings this down a couple stars. my masseuse was nice enough but i can't stand when they are trying to sell you things. i don't know if they work on commission but basically she was pushing on having me buy some stuff (massage oil?) through the massage. sooooo annoying. and conveniently they had her recommended items ready for me at check out. (ummm, no).  i don't plan to visit again. they managed two stars since it was at least clean. oh well.
2 I remember having a great experience at the Mandara Spa a few years ago so I decided to make an appointment for a massage during a recent voyage to Vegas.  Unfortunately, that experience didn't happen this time around.  My Swedish Massage was $115.00 for 50-minutes but with a 20% service charge added, it came to $138, which is not bad.  My massage therapist was great, he had me sample the different oils that they use and asked about target areas.  Although, he didn't work on those target areas longer than I had hoped, it was a nice massage.  One thing that irked me little was when he used his arms on my back, I could feel his arm hairs, which kind of felt like sand paper but no biggie, it's a guy thing.  The spa itself has significantly gone downhill.  The lounge area used to be a little more plush, with nice seating and furnishings.  Now it has three microfiber couches, a coffee table and a side table holding a huge 32" tube tv and a VCR...yes, a VCR.  Their beverage station offers lemon water, hot tea and in the mini refrigerator, there's a bunch of mini cans of juices, but no bottled water.  Apparently, they keep the water behind the counter.  Hmm...doesn't juice cost more than water??  The sink area offers your basic amenities, nothing fru-fru that's for sure.  It almost feels like the sink area at your local gym.  You know, kind of stale and industrial feeling.  The restroom area is out in the open so you can hear (and smell) everything.  The showers are in a separate room/area, which is very dimly lit, but the shower stalls are private.  The hot tub is pretty huge and can fit about 22 people, so the sign says.  But it looked quite dingy and could certainly use a good scrubbing.  The cold plunge is the size of a normal hot tub and was quite cold!  In the same area were the Sauna and Steam Room...which smelled mildewy, nothing minty or eucalyptus smelling like it should be.  The spa staff was alright, they were on the young side, just out of high-school type.  So, they were nice but, not quite refined for the atmosphere.  One of the guys who I thought was restocking the refreshment area, was actually standing there and texting until I glanced over at him.  Mandara or Paris needs to revitalize this spa because with all the other awesome hotels and super duper new awesome hotels around them, they're just going to fall way behind.
2 Do NOT waste your time and money in this place.  The pre-spa sucks, the staff was unfriendly, the massage was ok (but rushed). And it is very expensive ($165 for a 60 min).  Plus the building needs some major upgrades and needs to get current!  The only reason they did not get a "1 star" was because the therapist was "ok" (not good, but not bad either).
1 I expected to be dissappointed with the mani/pedi because spas rarely give you your money's worth for this service but I needed it so I went to Mandara at Paris. I was more than dissapointed. This was easily the WORST mani/pedi I've ever had - from the exfolitation so vigorous my feet hurt to the "massage" better described as a lotion application to the polish that turned white (white?) within a day. I was also the beneficiary of sales pitches for every possible manicure product sold at Mandara. Once again I have learned my lesson, DO NOT go to a spa for manicures or pedicures.
2 You can find a better place. Over priced and they interrupt your "relaxing" spa experience trying to sell you stuff. Kind of pathetic.
2 NOT happy!!! This place is a bit like a modified girls gym.  The bathrooms are not clean. They aren't dirty, but i"ve never seen toilet paper on the floor of a bathroom or paper towels that didn't quite make it to the garbage can.  There is no one that goes in every 10 minutes to clean these facilities as they do in other spas both on and off the strip.    The atmosphere does not feel spa like at all.  It feels more like a gym and not even a high end one at that.  The lighting is bright in some places, and lowered in others without consideration that guests are moving through all of the spaces.    I showed up 5 minutes early. Is that cutting it close? yes for sure.  Does that mean that you take me into the massage 10 minutes late and then cut my massage time by 10 minutes because I am "late"?  Not cool Mandara Spa... Not Cool....  The massage itself was acceptable, but again, I kind of felt like these poor masseuses have negative energy from a lack of repeat clients as the strip feels a bit like a churning wheels.    I would absolutely not go back unless some amazing sign was given by  a massive increase in positive reviews on Yelp.
1 Wanna drop a quick $300 for 2 mediocre mani/pedi's?? This is just the place! The manicure was extremely poor, mistakes were overlooked intentionally/lazily, and it lasted ONE afternoon for my shellac mani.   The pedicure was rapid, no massage... Just a slather on of lotion (I mean you're there to get pampered, right??), and she spent the whole time trying to get me to buy things. Very unfriendly.  But the worst of it came at checkout time... The gentleman charged us for our services, then casually threw in that there'd be a 20% "service charge." ok what is that?? Service charge?? We're staying in this hotel!? With a little prodding, he gave up that it's basically included gratuity, as it's optional. Clever way to get people to double tip.  Find your way to another spa. This ain't the one to spend your afternoon, or your money.
2 I was not impressed by my experience here. My sisters and I came for Fire and Ice pedicures. I felt, right from the start, that we were second-rate customers. We were left sitting in the hallway for 20 minutes, when somebody finally let us into the relaxation room. This was my first time at a spa only getting a pedicure, so this might be the norm, but we didn't change into robes and weren't offered the rest of the amenities, and it really felt like we were just sitting in the neighborhood nail salon getting $15 pedicures--at many, many times the price.  We sat together, which was nice, but they really could improve the decor and relaxation in the salon so that customers feel they are getting their money's worth.  The pedicure itseld was mediocre, and I honestly feel that my regular, $15 pedicures are of better quality and more relaxing!  On a side note, the restrooms were dirty and clogged!
2 Came here for a deal on Travelzoo.   The facilities were ok. I wasn't very impressed. The jacuzzi was pretty small. Steam room was nice. Didn't hit up the sauna so I'm not sure how that was. Showers were ok. Felt dark and dingy though.   The massage therapist I had was really nice and did a good job.  The gym was pretty nice. Wish I brought my workout gear though.  It's generally an OK spa, not great. Glad we got a deal on this or otherwise, I would pass on coming here again.
2 this review is for the salon only.  This place is a dump! They charge as much as the nice places. Go to one of the nice ones.   Very dingy, dated salon. poor lighting. Pushy about upselling and products.   Mediocre blow-out for $110. Go get a good one at Bellagio, MGM, or Venetian/Palazzo for the same price. MGM will even give you a glass of champagne, and you won't feel like you're in your grandmother's shampoo/set place from the 60s.
1 The massage was OK, but everything else wasn't. They don't use any nice aromatic oils or products other spas have. The spa facility needs a lot of work, the lights in the treatment rooms are too bright, the rooms are not decorated and look like doctor's rooms.  The ladies sauna was very cold and there was no staff members who could change the temperature. The showers get filled up with water, I think the drains are clogged or something is seriously wrong with plumbing. The cotton robes are very cheap. But none of these details are nearly as bad as customer service at the front desk. We had to wait 30  minutes to book it, 20 minutes to check in and 25 minutes to check out.  Everyone at the front desk including the manager is pretty agitated, not calm and pleasant as you would expect at the place where people come to relax. I can hardly believe they just raised their prices - given the reviews, they should be lowering them. Go somewhere else, you can get so much more for the money!
1 A real disappointment.  I decided to use the steam room before my massage and got burned...literally.  I sat down and the heat instantly burned the inside of my nose.  I ran out and the door handle was so hot it burned my hand.  I went to tell the receptionist so they would put a sign on the door so no'one else would get injured.  10 minutes went by and I again reminded her to put a sign on the door.  She stated she told the manager and maintenance was on there way.  There was no apology or concern for my well being.  I am sure they didn't want to address it because of liability. However, I am not sue happy and just wanted good customer service.  I told my massage therapist about the incident on our way to the massage room.  She said that it was the hotel's responsibility not the spa's.  Paris hotel and Mandara spa will never get my future business.  How hard is it to say you are sorry?
4 I have no idea why the reviews on here are so bad. I only went to the gym, not the spa, but I found it to be just fine.   A 5 day pass to the gym was $100 (they have single day passes and a 3 day pass too). It was a little pricey but well worth it for a gym located just a few floors down from my room and considering all the buffet eating I did.  The gym is pretty big with cardio and weigh training equipment in abundance. Of all the times I was there I only saw a handful of other folks. It's private and quiet. The equipment is clean and in good repair. In fact, I didn't see anything at all broken in the gym.  There are several TVs, towels, a water cooler. All the comforts of a regular gym. My 4G coverage was fine in the gym, despite not having any windows or anything, so I could listen to Spotify for music if I wanted. The locker rooms are extremely nice, being part of the spa. The staff is very friendly. All in all, a great experience!
4 Too bad all the other reviewers' experiences sucked. Mine was great! My trip to Paris Spa was the highlight of my Vegas bachelorette weekend. (Yes, the partying was good, but I'm getting old and my bones are well aware of it.)   Sure, it was the most expensive massage I ever intend to get, and I know I could have gotten just as good a one, or better, at home in DC for half the price. BUT, there was just something about the aromatherapy oil my therapist used that sent me into a trance. After my rub down, I was gelatinous. I'm glad they have little pots of decorative rocks right beneath your face -- definitely drooled into while my therapist was working my back.   My girlfriends and I sat in the lounge for at least an hour, just relaxing. And we'd steam roomed and jacuzzed for at least an hour before that, just being. Wonderful. I wanted to get snacks and champagne, but getting room service to the spa would have taken 2 hours, unfortunately, so that was a no go. But the lemon water and tea selection was terrific!  The showers were clean, the steam room was steamy (a little too steamy for me, tho), and my massage room was Heaven in Vegas. The jacuzzi was wonderful, too, big enough for 3 of us to fit comfortably. I was afraid it might be a little unsanitary, but I didn't have any awkward itching afterwards, so it must have been clean as a whistle.  The only real minus of the experience was the upselling they do when you pay at the end. I would have loved to take home a bottle of whatever it was the therapist rubbed me up with because it smelled amazing, but they didn't even have it to try to sell to me. Instead, they pushed off other products. For example, one of my girls wanted a product her therapist used on her, but the reception person kept trying to sell her Bliss products she already owned. Weird.   On my next Vegas trip, I'll try somewhere else because it's Vegas and there are a ton of other spas to try out, but I had a good experience, one worth repeating.
3 Let me first say that my massage therapist, Andrew, was amazing.  He worked out every knot and kink in my back.  Kudos.  Excellent massage.  The rest of the experience was just okay.  The staff wasn't extra nice or helpful.  There was only one attendant for the entire women's side.  There was a shortage of towels.    Things I like at a spa: hairspray, deoderant, bags for my wet swimsuit, moisturizer, face wash... alas, none of that was available.  I had to ask for things and felt bad, since the attendant was all alone and busy... so I asked for a bag for my wet swimsuit and called it a day.  Check out took a long time.  The slippers are stretched out and not comfortable.  Anyway... Andrew gives an excellent massage and is worth the visit.
1 Went in for a men's haircut. $50.00 + mandatory $10.00 tip. I expected, at least, a highness top notch haircut.....instead it looked like Edward Scissor Hands cut it. One side was cut at least an inch above the ear and the other side actually went over the ear. Horrible job. I asked for another stylist but guess what....the one the hacked it is the only one there for the next two days. So yes, I get to spend my time in Vegas with a complete disaster of a haircut.   I am giving this a "one star" because the staff was nice and respectful to my complaints and they did reimburse me.
3 A nice spa. Service was good and efficient. Take note if you call and cancel on the same day you get charged full price for that service.
4 Not as big as i have imagined. They still have good jacuzzi, cold water tab, sauna and showers. Staff is helpful and very friendly.
3 Got my nail polish changed for 25.00 a little bit pricey but ok its Vegas ,really quick walked right in lucky to have a open appointment . Really patient with me as I kept changing color but came out nice , no hand massage or warm towel or lotion downside but I was in n out !
1 The only part of this spa experience that was note worthy was the MT Trinese. She  was professional, very nice and gave a good massage. I could of done without the scratchy brush thingy she did because I felt it cut into the massage time but it was still a good experience.  My daughter and I went to the  spa the day before to check out the surroundings which i found ok.  The front desk lady was nice but wouldn't show me the spa. That should of been a red flag moment. But i didnt listen to myself. I also wanted to share this spa experience with my sixteen year old but apparently NV have super strict  laws that do not allow this to happen even in an all women spa. Funny law I thought, in a place  were women are being peddled constantly for lap dances just outside the strip. She still came with me next day but was only allowed to get a manicure and pedicure. We paid more than three times the amount we would pay for one at home. But I thought somehow she would get an extra special experience. Not the case at all! My daughter said it was no different than the one back at home and she didn't even get a hand massage. The  lady was also very pushy about her buying extra products. (They also tack on a mandatory 20% tip on to the bill ) Back to the "spa experience" the lockers were ok but the rug seemed out of place. And it looked like it needed a good vacuuming. When I wanted to shower after massage the showers weren't working. The hot whirlpool tub area was not attractive at all with their huge caution signs that are perfect for the Y but not for a spa. Their hot tub had some green questionable foam in the corners of the tub. I got out of there ASAP and thought about laying at the lounge. That didn't happen either cause it was just not inviting. It was dark with no sort of light ambiance. I left there so disappointed and not relaxed at all.  I got this massage as a gift from husband. They were in the form of spa gift cards that they accepted. That was one of the reason I ended up there .The hotel we were staying at (the Aria ) wouldn't accept them. I was trying to be economical but it backfired. I still felt that they ripped us off because the whole experience wasn't worth what I paid for.  My advice, stay clear away from this place if your looking for an amazing spa day. I don't think anybody will come close to my spa experiences at the Costa Rica Tabacon spa, now that's a spa!! I guess that one spoiled me forever.
2 I wanted to use their spa when staying in Paris hotel. When I talked to spa receptionist, she asked my room info and driver license. They charge 25 for daily use but because I paid hotel resort fee, I did not pay. They provided slippers, towels and bath rob. Change area looked clean. Got into bath rob, tried Jacuzzi, fairly big one that can take 13 people. It was hot enough for me. Problem was that the timer is on the opposite wall. Twice, time ran out and I had to get out to turn it on. Clothing is optional. There is also dry sauna and steam sauna. Both were very hot, loved steam sauna. There is also cold water Jacuzzi but did not try it. Showers looked clean but when I was taking shower, it did not drain well, there was water close to my heels. They provide shaving cream and shaving blade, low quality. They offer water, coffee, tea, apple juice and cranberry juice, orange juice, no food or fruit at all. My problem was, the day I checked out, they charged me, which was not fair since I paid resort fee for many days and did not use anything. Customer server guy in spa was kind.
1 Don't get the chi foot massage. They advertise pressure points and reflex. I spent $125 for someone to rub my feet. It was terrible. No skills. They need to change their description and their customer service. Very unsatisfactory.
4 I'd like to start by saying that I am a regular spa goer and have a membership at M.E. for over the past 5 years.  I also frequent other spas when my usual masseuse isn't available.  So, I know the benefits of massage, know the techniques that work for me and have been to dozens of masseuses in the past.    I have to say that my massage with Tamara on 4/26/14 was amazing.  Her technique was very smooth and fluid and the pressure was perfect. I caught myself dozing off a couple of times.  She worked out all the knots in my back in a rhythmic manner (didn't just painfully push) and spent extra time on my neck, head, ears, etc. (other masseuses usually gloss over).  She deserves 5 stars.  The only negative thing about the spa - is the facility and aesthetics.  The spa facility is dated and the service at the desk was ok but definitely not pampering.  The facility probably deserves 2.5 stars for the facility itself.   I don't normally go to the hassle of writing reviews but in this case I felt I should.  A group of friends and I go on a Vegas trip every year.  A few of us usually opt for a spa day.  On this year's trip, a couple of friends didn't want to go to the Paris Mandara Spa because the reviews weren't that good.  Instead they wanted to walk across the street to the Belagio for massages.  Personally, I like to relax on my vacation and treking across the street sounds like a lot of work for a massage.  I just want to put on my sweats and mozy down to the spa and then mozy back.  Being lazy, a couple of us just booked at the Mandara.  We were all very pleased with our massages.  The only down side of this spa was the facility. My recommendation is not to overlook this place!
1 I come to Vegas once or twice a year, though I had never stayed at Paris hotel.  After this visit, not again.  The spa at Paris, is the worst place I have ever seen.  It is unkept, dirty, scummy and smells like dirty feet.  The facilities are horrible.  The attendant frankly lazy and rude. Do not waste a penny.  I have seen high school gyms more appealing.
3 After reviewing the comments here, I was very hesitant to try Mandara Spa. I only went to Mandara Spa recently because I was staying in Paris Hotel. It was overpriced, and I agree with many of the comments here. If you find yourself in the same boat as me, staying in Paris, and in need of a massage, make sure you book the massage therapist named Ovid Owens. He was such a nice, genuine person and talented therapist, incorporating various forms of massage. I was so relaxed after my treatment!
1 Well...here is the rundown:  1. The other reviews are right- the front desk staff were really lacking in positive energy. 2. I had my arm around my boyfriend (not kissing or drunk or even anything remotely inappropriate) and one of the staff said if one of the guests sees us they might complain (awkward).  3. We had booked a hot stone couples massage over the phone but upon arrival they said they only do single massages.  4. While my BF got a great massage (Ovid), mine was super lacking (Patrice). I didn't get a temple message or eucalyptus over the eyes...the rocks stayed in the same position...you get the picture.   Anyways if you're gonna splurge on a super expensive massage I'd skip this place unfortunately.
5 Gina and Irina (nail techs) are the nicest ladies. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our pedicures. This was actually my first one ever and I have a size 15 foot. Gina had a great attitude towards my huge never pedicured feet. My wife has had many and she confirmed they were very good!
4 Ovid Owens was assigned to me by chance but proved an incredible therapist. He is incredibly knowledgeable and draws on numerous techniques to best address your needs or issues. The facility was great and special offers through sites like Living Social make this a must-do!! Nice ambience.
