1 1. The place is under much needed renovation. This means, unlike the pictures on Super8.com, the pool is empty. 2. Our bathroom was really dirty - especially in the shower. The carpets were so dirty my socks went gray (they were white) just from walking on the carpet. 3. The staff POORLY treated my friends who were visiting from Argentina and Colombia. 4. The room was not made up. However, they did take our towels (Which we did get back after asking the front desk) It was cheap...in every sense of the word. I would suggest that you pay more.. Also, the 1 block off the strip is true but what they dont mention is that 1 Las Vegas Block is 1 mile.. So.. if you are going to walk.. Put on some sturdy shoes.. It's almost 1.5 MILES to just get to Ballys (The Closest Strip Casino)
2 This motel has good cheap rates, but you get what you paid for, the motel has been remodel, they gave the lobby a modern look. Front office was very friendly and when we checked in we were approaching our room and there was a strong smell of marijuana and our room was way down the hall it gave me the creeps, so me and my husband went back to the front desk and they gave us another room, this has been the first and last time we stay at this motel. The only best thing about this motel is that Ellis Island restaurant and casino is right next to it.
1 Really bad and over-priced.  They make no effort to police their parking lot from people parking there who aren't guests such that it's difficult to find a place to park.  Minimal effort could be made to assure their parking lot was for guests only, but like most things at this hotel, they don't care.  Ice maker didn't work on our floor.  Loud.  Been a long time since they've replaced the carpets.  Even though they claim to be near the strip, it's still a LONG walk to get to the strip.  Anyway, Las Vegas is full of hotels and the chances are that most of them are better.  We're scratching our heads trying to figure out why we even stayed here in the first place.
1 I checked in as a woebegotten tech reporter whose company couldn't afford a strip hotel for CES2014. I ended up calling it "the 8" because Super seemed somehow inappropriate for this.  Hrmm, quick list of what happened over four days - nonstop tub backup, so much pot smoking on the floor you could get a contact high, everything seemed kind of dingey, carpet seemed loose a lot of places, smell in the halls was sometimes putrid, sometimes solid smoker & pot smoker. Outside of window was rotting away from the wall it looked like.  The WiFi also was intermittent in when it would connect, how fast it went, etc.  On a positive note:  I was there for three days, nobody died during that time and I had no problems getting from the hotel where I needed to be on foot, so there is that going for it.  I do not think I would stay again, mostly just because the smell was bad and whoever was buying the pot was buying stale crap, and the whole place just smelled of pot, detergent, and cigarette smoke.
2 What can I say, you get what you pay for... its ansuper 8 so my expectations weren't high but the rooms were visually clean and staff seemed friendly... very small room with king size bed and older tv
