5 Occasionally I will find a cool shirt or pants on the 80%-off clearance rack, but the fit is a little off. I mentally tack on $10-20 for alterations to justify the purchase. Finding the right tailor is a must, and in the handful of cities where I've lived, I've been able to find a tailor that *suits* me at a reasonable price.   I can't believe I am the FTR this place, as it seems to always be busy; I am never the only one in the shop. Maybe getting clothes tailored is more of an old-school effort and the customers are more Angie's List than Yelp?  Most recently I went in with a pair of jeans (too long) and a shirt (too wide). Ana charged me $10 for the shortening of the jeans, and $15 for taking in the shirt and the top half of the sleeves. Well worth it, considering that I always reach for the clothes that fit when deciding what to wear.  Ana is also super nice. Definitely the place for reasonably priced, quality stitchwork.
5 this place was great! the shop is a little odd and there's not a proper fitting room but Ana altered my pants and got them back to me the same day! I had an unexpected need for black slacks and had to run out and buy the first pair that fit. I found a decent pair but they were in need of hemming. I'm always hesitant to go to a new tailor because too many of them are scissor happy and then you end up with pants that are basically now high-waters. But Ana told me she wouldn't be too liberal with the hem and she wasn't. They came out the perfect length and she even pressed them. I might have been able to find somewhere cheaper but they might have done a crappy job and not gotten them back to me in time so I'll stick with Ana! best 10 bucks I ever spent.
5 Excellent service, excellent job!!!! I've been there several times and Ana always does exactly what I need and she is always nice to me. Besides price is quite reasonable. So, I guess I'm going to be there loyal customer  from now on.
5 I absolutely loved Anna's work! Took her several pants, suits and dresses and she fit them perfectly. I'm walking around feeling taylor made and happy I found someone I can trust and count on. Personal attention and care was given at all time even when I made some picky requests :)
5 I came down here based on great reviews and I was actually pleased at how my alterations were done by kind, Armenian woman named Lida I think...Not sure who is Ana but this place is awesome and $10 to hem jeans is such a great deal.
5 Good alterations place. It is small and run by Ana... I guess? She took a few inches off of a gown I purchased at Nordstrom and only charged me $20. I was suspecting it would cost me more, but nope!  This is a no-frills establishment, but if you need something hemmed I would recommend this place. If I ever buy any new slacks for work or purchase another gown (haha, ya right) in the near future I will come here.   For the record she had my gown ready the morning of the event and I was super nervous about picking it up so close to the time for me to be in it and looking presentable in front of hundreds of people, BUT thank goodness - it came out perfect!
