5 I did some online searching but settled on ABC Discount Upholstery after checking out their gallery of work. I didn't bother going anywhere else and glad.   I visited ABC Discount Upholstery to get a custom motorcycle seat pan upholstered and they exceeded my expectations. I met with Jose who took time out discuss what I needed done and showed me sample materials. I left the custom seat pan with them in the morning and got a call from Jose later the same afternoon telling me it was done. I was not expecting it to be done at least for a few days. I was very impressed with how it turned out. It looked great and can't wait to put it to use. I will be recommending ABC Discount Upholstery to all my friends.
5 First of all, I'm extremely picky about everything, so this review is well deserved!  I needed all new upholstery for my travel trailer which is no small task due to the strange dimensions of the cushions, couch, bunks, etc.  I took the old cushions in and met with Ken.  He was very friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and quite easy on the eyes.  He took the time to let me explain exactly what I wanted. He consulted with the upholstery staff to make sure that what I wanted was feasible before talking about specifics like prices, etc.  He explained my foam options like thickness and density, and their vast range of fabric options was amazing if not overwhelming.  I was there for well over an hour getting all of the details worked out and Ken was very patient with all of my questions.  The job was finished ahead of schedule and the end result was absolutely flawless.  Proper upholstery work is true craftsmanship and that is exactly what I received.  I could not be happier.  While I was there many people came in to ask about very small jobs like a motorcycle seat or a chair cushion and they were treated just as well as I was with my large job.  100% recommended!!
5 ABC is our go-to upholstery shop for our retail and casino locations.  They've done a great job on our fabric inlays for cabinet doors, and new fabric on store mannequins.  Prices are usually great, and turnaround is fast.  Their shop looks like a dump, but their guys do quality work.
