5 This is not the first time I sat down to write a review of Dr. Ziegler. Once or twice before I've started writing this piece and aborted. Why? I'll admit it. It's because I'm afraid that everyone will catch on and I'll never be able to get another appointment.   Dr. Ziegler is an osteopath. Google it sometime. But to quickly bring you up to speed, an osteopath uses physical manipulations to cure your ailments. Sounds a lot like a chiropractor, right? Wrong. Osteopathy is not quackery. And it isn't based on a series of re-occurring treatments. As a matter of fact, that's one of the things I like best about Dr. Ziegler - he aims to heal, not to keep you coming back. One visit usually clears up whatever my problem is, and only once or twice have I had to come back for a second visit.   Anyway, so my family & I primarily use Dr. Ziegler for physical ailments, usually back problems. (I mention it because I don't know how diverse of a field of ailments he treats.) When I show up for my appointment, maybe I sit a few minutes in the waiting room, but usually I'm taken back immediately. In the back, you're presented with what looks like a massage table. You lay down, the nurse puts some electrodes on your back, covers you up with a hot blanket, and turns the lights down on her way out the door. 10-20 minutes later, your muscles are nice and loose and your ready to see the doctor. Dr. Ziegler asks what kind of problems your having and then goes about and does his adjustments. His adjustments are kinda like a targeted mini-massage combined with (for lack of a better term) chiropractor-like adjustments. Before you know it, you're on your way out and on your way to recovery. I don't always walk out his office 100% pain free, but I always leave in much better condition than when I started.  So this might sound more like a 5 star review of osteopathy, but here are some reasons why I like Dr. Ziegler specifically: - He's very friendly and easy to chat with. A genuinely nice guy. - His staff keep up the same standard of friendliness, and always do what they can to accommodate you (help with last minute appointments, billing issues, etc) - He's not too hard to visit. He has a fairly convenient location (right off the 2-15), and you can usually get an appointment in a reasonable time frame). - He's not a quack, and in addition to physical manipulations, he's not averse to sending you home with some prescriptions for pain medicine when necessary.   There it is. I heard about him through word of mouth, and all of my friends who I've sent to him have sworn off their chiropractors. Next time your back is bothering you, give Dr. Ziegler a try.
1 Well I have read nothing but great reviews and I am currently sitting in the docs office waiting to be seen after being here for 1hr 45 mins after my scheduled appointment. The staff up front is lazy and they are not proactive at all. I set there listening to personal conversations and everything else that crossed their mind that was non work related. How about calling your clients to let them know how far behind the Doc is... I hope this man walks on water as its go an be hard to get me to change my mind on this review!
4 I was referred here from the Nellis hospital for my back issues. The Dr. Ziegler did a great job and I feel great now. I go back in whenever I tweak it but I've been feeling great for a while which I couldn't say before seeing this doctor.
