5 Recently helped my girlfriend buy a car here, and it was an awesome experience.  I dealt mostly with Jimmy Gonzalez, who was their senior account executive.  You could tell they weren't commission driven as he was super low stress to deal with.  Enterprise gives a pretty fair deal on their cars... we got a Hyundai Elantra for cheaper than it was at most local dealerships for, they have the lowest doc fees in town pretty much, and they gave us $500 over the KBB trade in value for her car.  They also have a 7 day return policy and some other nice perks you won't see elsewhere.  I highly recommend you buy your next car here if they have what you're looking for in stock.  Oh, and you can browse their inventory online, and they can ship down any car from Reno that you like (that's what we did) for  no cost.  Make sure you mention that I referred you! :)
1 Poor communication and no follow through with these guys ended up costing me a bunch extra. I will not be buying my next car here. Beware!
5 Wow. After horrible experiences with other car rental agencies, this place came through. They have hundreds of vehicles, clean and new, and customer service is on point. I don't usually leave reviews but the other car rental agencies in the area were so bad, that these guys deserve to get props and know that they are doing a great job!
5 Great place to buy a car. Cars have low miles and sales people are great. Went there today to just browse around and end up buying my car. Really laid back place . Jimmy Gonzales is great. Definitely will purchase another car her again.
5 This was the easiest car buying experience ever! I had a specific car in mind so I searched their website. They had one in their inventory. I walked in & was greeted by Diedre. I asked her about the car I was interested in and she said we sure do! I ran to the restroom & when I can out, she had already pulled up the car!  We went on a test drive & I loved it! I had gone to my bank beforehand & was approved. So the financially part was which length of loan did I want, and if I wanted any extra protection plans. About 10-15mins later I was signing paperwork.  They took the car filled the tank, washed it & went over the features.  I arrive between 2:30p & 3 and I was home by 5:15pm. I would highly recommend Enterprise Car Sales.  Diedre had told me during the test drive that they are salaried so there are no high pressured sales! Which was totally true!
