5 Submitted measurements online from New Jersey about a month ahead of our Vegas wedding. Week or so later received an email saying my tux was ready and I should stop in to try it on when I arrive in Vegas. Was not going to since I had arranged for delivery and pickup to and from my hotel. But I am so glad I stopped in a few days beforehand.  The shirt was a little big as well as the jacket (was our fault, we did our own measurements). They fixed that right up in the shop, and the tux that was delivered to the hotel was perfect. A classy tuxedo at a decent price.  Just super nice people. I am so thankful they took care of me.
5 I haven't needed a tux in several years (since high school), but this was one special New Year!   I popped into Tuxedo Junction, and was quickly measured for my Tux. I got all black everything. The staff is really friendly, and professional (whatever that means).   They even know quite a bit about house music. EDM is taking over Vegas!  They know how to properly measure you, but most importantly, they know their clothes!  Two days after my fitting, I came in to pick up my Tux. Word to the wise...try it on before leaving. I apparently lost some weight in the two days I waited, and had to get a slightly different size. No big deal. They took care of it on the spot.  I'd come back for another tux! Most likely, next year for New Year's!  Thank you Tuxedo Junction!
5 I have lived down the street from this place for ELEVEN YEARS, but never went in until yesterday. I needed a tuxedo for a weird sort of lesbo-chic photo shoot, where I would be wearing a purple 80s bridesmaid dress and another female model would be wearing a tux. The other model was too busy to go to the tux place, so the photographer asked me to do it.  A SUPER-friendly, helpful kid named Zach helped me try on all kindsa creepy mini-tuxedos that must have been designed for teenage boys or something, because they fit me perfectly. Then he helped me find the right shade of purple for the bowtie/cummerbund....and this was going off a shitty cell phone pic I had of the dress.  The photo shoot isn't until the end of the month, but I'll be sure to post a pic here... so you can see Zach's fabuous work. The rental is going to be $100 for the day...not bad at all!  This shop was clean, well-lit, and VERY well staffed! Check it out!
5 This place!!  I walked out of Men's Wearhouse very angry after being told my son's vest rental would cost $75!!  Yes one vest for one night!!  I called to check prices and felt like I had returned from the twilight zone.  I drove directly over, got my son fitted for a vest and even rented shoes for a total of $25.  After realizing I may have been a little angry still when I arrived I told the clerk where I came from and it was obvious he immediately understood my frustration.  Love giving business to local businesses to help out my town and without a doubt have my business for life!
5 Service was so good I had to write my first yelp review! Danny Lyon took care of me. Do not hesitate to go here for a tux rental!
5 I'm a larger woman and had a hard time finding a woman's tux for a work event. Looked at yelp and found this place;) The employees at Tuxedo Junction were so kind and helpful and made me feel comfortable;) it was a great experience ! Thank you all so very much..;)
1 I do not recommend this place. I gave them 2 chances, both times they were unprofessional and unorganized.
5 Went in to rent a tux for prom and although it looks a little run down, the service is actually really really great, the whole staff was friendly! I was helped by a pretty woman called Nicole and she was on top of everything, and the total was under $80 which blew me away. Great great place.
5 While growing up, my family owned a formal and men's wear store, so I understand a little about the business and some of the challenges.  Working with them upon different occasions, I am always impressed by their professionalism and dedication to making things right.    When I referred a friend for his wedding, I had pre-selected a style which I thought would be perfect.  Upon arrival, and pulling the full tuxes for them to try on, we realized it wasn't the right look for the guys.  Nicole was outstanding in helping us switch out to try a couple other looks and making sure everyone was comfortable.  Having worked with Nicole before, I can attest her patience and demeanor is perfect!  What I like most is that they have just about everything in stock.  They can make alterations there as well, so if the groomsmen arrive with the wrong measurements (which is not so out of the ordinary), they can measure to make sure they have the right fit.  Michelle is my main contact and is always ready to provide guidance and support.  I have yet to find anyone in the group that is not exceptional!  They are definitely customer service oriented and are always there to help walk you through the process.
5 This place is so great. The service is amazing and everyone is so friendly! I can't believe how many more options there are! Many more options here than mens wear house. I was so disappointed at their service and options. We can't wait to use tuxedo junction for our wedding day
5 Being a guy, waited until the last possible minute (no, literally) to get a tux for my wedding (my wife was horrified).  Linda (hope I got the name right - short firecracker) had me in and out in under 30 minutes with the exact tux I was looking for.  Need a tux?  Go here.
5 Showed up day before our eloping at the Cosmopolitan.  Could not have had a better experience.  The woman who help my fiance was a true professional; polite, patient and friendly.  She literally had him all fixed up with a suit in 30 minutes and told us to simply return it the next day at the bell stand at the hotel and they would pick it up.  He looked great on our special day and we could not be happier...both with our experience at the Tuxedo Junction and with each other (lol).
