2 While the tech seemed to do a good job, the facility was poorly managed, and it's apparent that it runs precisely the way management wishes it to run.    First, when setting appointments, they gave me an appointment time that turned out to be a half hour before my actual appointment time.   Then, a few days before my appointment, I received an automated phone call that said something like, "This is Steinberg Diagnostic. Please call us."  The only thing is that they didn't say who the call was for - or what numbers to press in their audiotext system when returning the call.  It was difficult to reach a human to say, "You called my house to speak with someone about something but I don't know who and I don't know what."  They then asked me who in my house might have appointments and that they would look them up.  Eventually, I learned that they were calling to confirm my appointment, but this was a frustrating way to do it.   They then called again yesterday to confirm again and pretended that they had no idea that I had already confirmed.    This morning, when I got to my appointment (early), they lied to me about something, which wound up pushing back my official "check-in" by half hour -- so I wasn't oficially "checked in" for over an hour and a half, and many, many people who arrived later than me were taken before me.  Again, this is simply unacceptable.  If you're like me and hate unprofessional behavior, including being lied to and if you also hate having your time wasted, then I'd go somewhere else -- which is what I'll prefer to do in the future.
3 The wait time is horrid. I have been here over an hour already. And its 40 minutes past my appointment. Why? .. . . . . They send sometime out to tell me they are behind. No, really?  Was told ten more minutes. Who knows what it really will be. Kind front desk receptionist. Loss of sitting areas, with more then one waiting room. This is my third so far. . . Come on folks!       I kindly asked a radiologist. Why all these other patients were bring called back before me that had come in long after I did, she responded very rude like, your on a different machine, and closed the door quickly. Have some compassion. Not everyone is okay with getting these scary tests done. IM here for an MRI of my knee (15 minute test) and pelvic (15-30 minute test) ...         .. Very disappointed with this location, I may just need to drive across town for quicker, more friendly service, would service be the right word. Maybe care. Yeah CARE.             The radiologist was extremely friendly and attentive. talked to me thru the testing, (much appreciated)  once that was finished had to wait about 25 minutes for my CDS to be completed, much better then lugging the heavy films around.
2 This place has SO many redundancies, it's no wonder it costs so much. Also, their employees should either get a job they enjoy or go through some personality workshops. If I had a choice, I would go elsewhere.
4 I think I got lucky because I had barely any wait time. My check in time was 3:30p, I arrived about 5-10 minutes late. I was done with checkout by 3:52pm Called back to the next person. By 3:58.  I agree there are an excessive amount of steps. However, I was sitting in my car by 4:15pm Not too shabby
5 I had a appt. at 8:30 arrived a bit early was checked in and registered then taken in the back very quickly. Was actually done with my appt. before I was supposed to be there. Staff was very friendly and was a very clean nice location. Even took a moment to let me know they did not see any aliens in me. ( I asked) LOL thanks for making this a nice experience.
5 I have been to a lot of medical facilities in Las Vegas and Henderson and this place is tops! They have customer service down and the staff all seem to love their jobs. I would recommend!
1 Well I was told by my dr that I had a appointment at 8 am well i get here and they lost the order and then they told me I was a a walk in. So now 3 hrs after the time I was told with no timeline in sight.
