5 Dr. Duboff, DMD is a really good dentist. He's very nice and personal. His staff is very friendly too. I was there 6 months ago for a check-up and had a filling fixed today. I didn't feel a thing. I highly recommend Smile Designers.
5 I went to this dentist on a recommendation from my friend Angie. I'm very weary of dentists anyway .. Bad childhood memories lol .. But I am glad I did ! awesome deal going for the holidays .. Only $99 ! ! Doc was so great and calmed me down and fixed a tooth I had hurting for a minute . I can't say enough about the whole experience .. The staff was amazi ng and the Doc , well the best I have ever been to. I'll recommend him to all my friends !! Next .. I'm going to get the bleaching trays ..
5 Dr D is the best. His staff is extremely professional nor does he ever have much of a wait. Hygiene and cleanliness for the patient are his top priority because he strives to treat each patient as a friend. His isn't like other dentists whose only goals are to get money and have a large bank account. He won't lie to you about the conditions of your teeth in order to make a quick buck because he is truly an honest professional. I refer everyone I interact with to Dr. D.
1 This is definitely NOT the place to go if you want to be treated FAIR!  I went in yesterday for an appointment only to be greeted with a new patient questionnaire that I could not see because no one took time to ensure the faded forms were legible.  I went on to realize after 30 minutes of sitting in the chair hearing whisper behind me that they were discussing my insurance rather than engaging me the patient!  I was then told they could not reach my insurance company and were kicking me out without any help.  Asking about anti biotic for my infection the assistant told me it would not help me!  Asking about pain meds she said the Dr will not see me because my insurance company wasn't reached. So I decided to head home without treatment when all of a  sudden the FAX came and I was insured! Amazingly I needed anti biotic and pain medication! You get a second class service with second class insurance! Don't even go unless you have the best insurance available. If you do have the best this is not the place for you either
5 So my experience at Dr. Duboff office was amazing start to finish. I started goin to him back in may (2014) I had 2 wisdom teeth extracted, didn't sit and waste time scaring me with a bunch of details on what I was there for, he already knew. No pain, just a lil scary since I have severe anxiety when it comes to being a dentist office. He was very quick, clean, and made me feel relaxed and so did his staff... After that I went to back to get Durathin porcelain veneer teeth on my front 4 teeth, also very fast getting the appointment and getting it done. I had my teeth fully finished June 23rd (2014) I also bought teeth whitening from them before I had the veneers & picked up my whitening trays the very next day! Also, when you check in at Dr. Duboff's office u get a free whitening kit. Awesome since I was buyin one anyways. Its July 7th today and I love my teeth & plan on visiting Dr. Duboff's office for any of my oral hygiene needs! I have recommended people to go to him. Good prices and very professional staff, I didn't have insurance I just paid cash & he gave me a deal for paying cash. Oh & when I had my wisdom teeth extracted, they gave me codeine (which I had a allergic reaction to) & I called the office the next day and spoke with Christina (who is biggest sweet heart ever, always happy to help) she had the Dr send in a new prescription for me that day to help with the pain. Overall best dentist I've ever been to! Give it a try, you won't regret it!!!
