5 I found this place because these guys are apparently the only ones in Vegas that sell and service Genuine scooters. I had a Honda Ruckus in Irvine and loved the hell outta that little militant bastard, but when you're cruising down on Alton with a Hummer on your ass doing 60 MPH, a 35 MPH top speed royally blows. So yeah, I wanted something with more "CCs".  My initial visit was on a weekday right before they were closing. The employees didn't seem annoyed that I leaped into the showroom before they could lock the doors and turn off the lights. They didn't rush me at all while answering all of my questions and showing me the different models available. The showroom was clean and well organized with a wide variety of Asian-made scooters. They also have a bicycle section with a good selection of man-powered transportation. Satisfied with the service and with a better idea of what I wanted, the wife and I went back the next day to get things rolling on a 09 Buddy Blackjack. That same night I had a new scooter sitting in my garage.  Fast forward to a couple of weeks later. Now, I won't blame the usual Asian stereotype for being a bad driver, but I had an unfortunate accident with my shiny new Buddy. Nothing serious - several body panels and trim pieces had to be replaced (along with my pride). So I took this opportunity to have the shop order some other parts while working with my insurance company to replace the factory damaged components. While the wait took longer than I expected, the end result was well worth it. The shop did an amazing job of getting my Buddy back into perfect shape. The owner and employees of Vegas Motorsports seemed genuinely concerned about ordering the right parts and getting absolutely everything replaced correctly. I never rush the people working on my vehicle, or my food... Just the rule I live by.  So yeah, now the wife can take the Prius out whenever she needs to, and I have a scooter at my disposal for the suicidal ride down Spring Mountain. Just to be clear - we're not a "tree-huggers" or "green" by any stretch, no sir, we're Asian - which means we're cheap ass mofos. Gas be hella expensive right now, so between the car that gets an average of 45 MPG and my scooter that gets 92 (!) MPG, we can save some greens for rice, and beer.
4 You want a scooter. Come on, you know you do. But Vespa's are pricey and their dealer in town is new = inexperienced. You've seen the "Future Champion" cheap Chinese scooters pull up beside you at the light, typically banged up or belching smoke and you're like "No, I don't think so". Fear not, for there is an alternative. In between the land of Chinese junk and overpriced Italian scoots is a place not many know of...where Kymco, and Genuine Scooter Company offer great products that don't break the bank. And in Vegas if this is what you want, you visit Vegas Motor Sports.   When you step inside you don't get attitude. You get friendly, competent customer service from a staff that knows scooters. Peek around into the garage and you'll see that scooters are all they do. And they don't work on Chinese junk scooters, they work on real scooters mainly doing maintenance vs. repairs because they don't sell junk that breaks every 30 minutes.   In short, if you want a scooter in Vegas, and don't want to be embarassed when the kid in the car next to you rolls down the window and asks you why your scooter says "Future Champion", or you prefer your expenditures on Italian things to be food and not scooter parts, this is where you really need to go.   4 Stars. This is the first scooter place I've stepped into outside of Denver that doesn't suck.
1 i have been riding moped's for about 8 years, it has always been difficult to find a reputable business that does good work, and does not over charge you!  when i was referred to vegas motor sport, i was so excited, that i would finally get the service that i was paying for!!!!  this has not been the case, they have done work on my moped, 3 or 4 times and the last 3 time he had to be taken right back to the shop the next day, leaving me to pay for the transportation their to be dropped off!!!!!!! p.s. the owner bob is a real shyster, he took my money, several hundred dollars each time and had not even fixed what it came in for, every time it came out worse than it went in......bad business that's what i would tell you about that shop....don't go there or jb's scooters
