4 I was really hesitant to rent from a Budget, after reading all the negative reviews on the other Budget locations in Vegas, but decided to give this location a shot, since we wanted to rent a car that was somewhat near the strip (since we werent getting it from the airport).  I really liked that you can arrange their shuttle to pick you up and drop you off at your hotel, so it made renting from them very convenient.  The guy who picked us up was very friendly and talked to us the whole time of all the various places (both tourist locations and unique places to explore).  service was fine, picked up and dropped off at hotel  I also checked our credit card bill afterwards, and did not see any surprise added fees either, so I would recommend this place.
1 Don't rent from here unless you have a half hour to kill in spare time. Picking up and returning takes way too long. You think if you have a reservation they would have a car ready for you. Not wait until you get there to clean and wash it. None of the staff was friendly or helpful either
1 Open at 730am means the door is unlocked at 730. No business shall be conducted until all employees and management have had 2 cups of coffee and bullshitted about the previous nights sexual exploits for 25 minutes. 1 hour later, you're all set to go start your day. Worst. Rental. Agency. Ever. No apology for making us wait.
1 Absolutely horrible. We rented a 24 ft truck and a tow dolly. The Tow dolly looked like it was from a junk yard and did not have a pin to hold the ramp in place once the car was on. After notifying them of this before we left, they did not provide a solution except for a bungee cord and pin. Yes, we were on 215 and the ramps were dragging. Once we actually got to our destination, we had to wait 2 days to move into our house and we had the rental truck outside a friends house. After 2 days of rain, we went to unload our stuff and everything was soaking wet inside. Inches of rain had soaked through this shitty truck.  Its been over 3 weeks dealing with customer service in hopes of getting some compensation for damaged items and it continues to be delayed..... Do not go through Budget, at least this location (poor equipment) and get insurance if you do. HORRIBLE!
1 Worst experience ever!!! I'd give no star if it was possible.
