1 When I picked up my prescriptions, the computers were "down".  Was told to pay full price, bring back my receipt in 10 days and they would refund the difference for what my insurance covers.  I came back in with all receipts in 7 days and was told they no longer had the info in their computer.  Now, I am out $65.00 due to incompetence of their "childlike" pharmacy workers.  Store manager, just shrugged her shoulders.  Sorry, there are too many retailers fighting for my business, I will NOT be back.
4 Open 24 hours & a RedBox outside! :-)
3 This location is very peaceful when I come here. I like shopping here after hours and I feel safe.
1 One of my most least pleasant walgreens experiences ever. The people were rude and I ended up having to go to another Walgreens anyways which was much more helpful. Safe yourself the time from these disrespectful people.
1 This has nothing to do with the Pharmacy side...Basically in line to checkout with only one register open.  I'm not sure if it was the manager or not but he called for Photo (whoever the person to come)....instead the gal at the makeup counter says I'm open here....Later I hear the photo gal say the same...  IMPROPER TRAINING YOU BUFFOON!!!!!! You don't leave customers waiting in line and haphazardly say come here!  You say "NEXT CUSTOMER IN LINE" and if they decide to go or not that makes the difference!  IDIOTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 Come in here spend money. Girlfriend has to use the bathroom and management says it's closed. So I ask them to open it and they won't, crazy to me thanks for nothing Walgreens!
1 Had a bad experience at this location- I ordered a photo calendar online, the confirmation email stated my order would be ready after 3:16. I came in to pick it up at 3:20, there was no one to help me, has to wait 15 min for the right person to come help me. Turns out my calendar wasn't ready and needed another 20 min to be printed. No apology whatsoever. I don't have an hour to waste, yet I had to. Unacceptable
