1 When we checked in the ladies couldn't figure out the monthly rate so I paid for a week, the next morning I went down and paid for the rest of the month, the assistant manager was nice to give us the extra day that you would get if you paid a month at a time, at the end of the month when it was time to pay again the days got so mixed up from when I was initially told I needed to repay, the next morning on the day I was initially told we was suppose to repay a lady is banging on my door at 7:30am waking my 4 year old up.  I explain to them what happen and what I was told, one told me to wait and talk to the assistant manager when he got back in 2 days, but Here went the calls and the door banging. When I told them the other one said to wait and talk to assistant manager they said that will not happen and I need to pay now even though it was not the checkout day i was informed.    You have to buy a card for 2.00 to use the washer and dryer, when you need to ad more money on to so laundry you can ad only 5,10,15 or 20$s you can't ad enough to do just the laundry you need to do and when you check out you have to send the card to a company in another state to get refunded the money you have remaining on the card.  To use the vacumn to keep there place nice you have to pay 1.00 each time and give them your id. Same thing with the iron and iron board. Anything they can make money on they will. Cash cow.  The Internet is a wopping 20.00 a month or 5.00 a week and most of the time since I have been here it hasn't worked 60% of time and the famous words of the office "no refunds" why am I paying for something I can't use??? The tv channel 13 don't come in and when it does it freezes and statics. All they say is they will call the cable company. Why don't they fix the problem the first time instead of running around the problem? I have seen the cable/Internet company out here more then not. I got irritated one night I needed the Internet for my college courses, I went over to the office to see what is wrong this time only to see the black lady tell the Internet repair person he had to wait some people just got on the computers in the office and signed up for 30 mins so he had to wait until they was off the computer. WTF.... If I was him I would of told her to call another company he is not on her time and other tenants need the internet now not later.  I do have something good to say. They have security that do not his out until end of shift.  They are out there and visible to anyone that think they are going to cause problems.  The property is kept clean and quiet for the most part. That was surprising to me.
1 Holy shit, They broke into my apartment not ONCE but TWICE without ANY notice when they knew for a fact I wasn't home.   Zero stars. Fuck this place. Wow.
2 I needed a place to stay for a few weeks while I relocate to Las Vegas.   I found the staff to be very friendly.   There was an armed security guard on duty every night. They kept the place relatively safe. I did meet a few of the neighbors and I found that most of the people were friendly.   The property (outside) was well maintained. The pools and spas were surprisingly clean and well maintained.   The down side: The rooms SUCK. There is not enough Febreze in this city to get the stench of stale cigarettes out of those rooms. I ended up leaving my clothing in my luggage as I was afraid the smell of cigarettes would ruin my clothing. It didn't help. The couch was a POS. The thing was so warn out that when you sit on it you sink to the floor. Horrible. All the fixtures, furniture, "art" etc is outdated.   Bring your own linen, cooking supplies, toilet paper etc. You can "upgrade" with a microwave oven for $5/week. Stupid.   I planned on staying a few weeks but could barely handle one weeks.   I recommend spending a few extra dollars and going up the street, off Valley View, and staying at the Extended Stay America. Bigger rooms, cleaner rooms, comfortable furniture, TWO TVs (one flat screen) and microwave oven is included! Oh and they have maid service!
1 Never ever again. Happen to come into Vegas w/o reservation on a busy weekend. Last place in town with a room was this place. Had to pay for a week since they didn't do nightly rates. It's ghetto, dirty, and smells like a crack head lived in the room for like a year and never left. I wouldn't sit down on anything without a towel underneath me. I felt just so nasty staying there. It completely traumatized me. I look at weekly apartments completely different after that experience.
1 I just moved back to town and stayed in a budget suites before. I am staying at the one across from the Orleans Casino, last time the one next one east by the strip. When I stayed there last time the place was clean as it is this time but the Internet which they charge either $5 a week of $20 a month for was slow but usable. At this one you might as well just pull $5 out of your pocket and burn it. Made a complaint and their response was, its not too good, which is an overstatement. I have to go to the office to write this since I have been unable to connect for any amount of time. You would think they would have a decent internet connection, this is the reason this time I will be leaving in a few weeks, I was going to take my time to find a place and stay here for a few months but now it will be a few weeks. They can careless since they are almost full. 2014, there is no need for all the rooms to have a landline phone since almost every person has a cell, save that money and invest in a GOOD STABLE internet conection for the customes paying the EXTRA service and expect it to work.
1 I've been charged twice with my account and they refused to give my money back, I had to make a claim against them. The place is not very bad, but the staff are rude, and as well as residence.
