3 Sometimes I forget that this PT's is here especially since the Marie Callender's that shared the same parking lot closed down a while back, I don't venture in the area anymore.  With all PT's they have their 50% off Happy Hour for drinks and pizza which run from 5pm-7pm and 12am-2am.  It's next to liquor store and massage places.  I decided to write a review because I thought the bartender was awesome.  She showed us what was under her top...just her tats.  She's cool not gonna say her name but she already knows she's cool. She even hooked us up with a pitcher.  She was very friendly and always came by to talk and check on us while tending to the other people there.  She is also a lot smarter than the guy bartender at the PT's I usually have no choice of going because she knows how to redeem my free beer with Yelp check-in and knows you don't need a printer to redeem.  I ended up not even using the check-in offer.  This PT's was clean like most other PT's I've been to.  It had a pretty chill environment with shuffleboards and billiard tables.  Plenty of TV around so you don't miss any of action.  I liked the movie posters that were scattered around the bar.  I spent some time looking at them cause I love movies.  I finally tried the pizza.  They weren't that bad just difference more like pizzas you'd get from the groceries store.
3 I woke up in the middle of the night aroudn 1:30 a.m. hungry. Yeah, I said it, I woke up hungry!  Happy Hour is from midnight to 2 a.m. It used to be until 3 a.m. Since I only had 30 mintues left, this one was the closest to my house. Got there, it was kinda packed but not smoky like other PT's.   Sat down, Chris the bartender was by himself. Poor guy. But he was pretty attentive and knows what's going on in his bar. Got a black velvet and oh man, too much cider not enough guinness. Ok, so I said I was hungry but the first thign I got a was a beer. Haha. I ordered the Gilroy pizza which is a thin crust pizza with Italian sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms and dices tomatoes.   Delish! But I could only handle 2 slices, cause I was already full from my Black Velvet.  I'd come back here if I wake up again in the middle of the night....hungry. Haha.
2 Went searching for a PT/Sierra Gold near the strip for some late night grub with a buddy a few weeks ago. Almost didn't see this place due to construction blocking alot of that area. I couldn't quite put a finger on it. Best I can explain it is the place had sort of an outdated look, or hadn't been renovated in quite awhile. The bartender was the only person out on the floor. I was surprised it's not very busy for a place so close to the strip but I guess it isn't being it was a weekday night. We got our drinks and ordered my usual gilroy pizza since it was happy hour. It is worth noting that their gilroy here did not include salami or artichokes. The couple other PT/SG I've been to usually has those ingredients on the gilroy. Also, the pizza was slightly undercooked. Instead of the normal cracker thin crust, it was floppy. I'm used to just right to slightly overdone crusts. This visit to a different PT/SG was by no means horrible but it wasn't great either. Service was decent and it did satisfy our late night hunger. Although I might try to find another location next time when wanting my gilroy fix near the strip.
4 I love this PTs. It is hidden in the corner of a little run down strip mall.  It's completely cute, cozy, and clean inside. There were several large screens playing various sporting events. This PTs wasn't smokey at all.  The bartender, Melissa, was very welcoming and was really fun to talk to. She had reggae playing and it set a very chill vibe for the place. And gentlemen, she's beautiful.  My sister and I split a pile of nachos. They were huge and tasty. We ordered a brownie Sunday for dessert. It's a warm freshly baked brownie with a scoop of ice cream on top. It was heavenly.  This is my new favorite PTs. There are two pool tables, darts, and video poker machines. I will be back.
3 PT's is always a good place to go for a late night snack...especially if you're into the whole bar scene. It's a locals' spot..always packed with patrons no matter which location you go to. (and they have PLENTY of locations around town along with their sibling company, Sierra Gold.)  Their chili cheese fries....delicious!!!!!!!!!! Their boneless chicken wings...super flavorful and they always make them fresh and pippin hot.  It satisfies my cravings and it always hits the spot.  Just work out extra hard the next day =)
