3 I love Port of Subs. I really do. It is close to the house, but not my favorite. They offer everything as other Port of Subs locations. However, their hours are not as long, and they do not honor the Loyalty Card.  Other than that, the restaurant is very clean and the staff (usually the same woman every time I come here) is very friendly and very helpful.  It is always quiet here, so I don't know if they do a lot of business or not.
3 This location is near my work so when I don't bring my lunch this is usually my go-to place.  Port of Subs does not have the "Wow" of Capriottis or some of the other non-chain places but I know what I'm getting and without an insane amount of calories/points.     This location is spotless and the owner (I don't know her name) is friendly, cheerful & gracious (unlike some of the other sandwich establishments where the apathetic-usually-teenaged-or-unmotivated-20-something-staff could care less about you or your order and in most cases screw your order up...)   They also have freshly brewed ice-tea!
1 Very nice but looking at the crusty layer on the mayo and mustard I should have walked away. But here I sit on a porcelain throne regretting that meal! The owner was very nice and Im sure they will get things back on track. I also had a franchise coupon and they wouldnt honor it saying it wasnt from them. They wouldnt honor a franchise coupon? Find a store with corporate standards as your digestive tract will thank you!
4 I haven't been here for a long time and a few weeks ago when we were in Vegas I tried to stop by but they are closed on Sundays so I didn't get to try it again. I'm a big fan of the smoked ham and smoked cheese that they offer along with the mix. When I used to eat here years ago it was on the up and up and there was even a Quizno's by it that apparently they put out of business. I enjoy this place a recommend it.
5 I used to eat here regularly for years then new owners took over and I heard they were not good and stingy with the extras so did not go back. But a few months ago I decided I just wanted a sub really bad and they are just around the corner from me so gave it a try again. First time we had a little communication problem because I want my sub just so and they wanted to go fast. I was the only 1 in there at that time so asked them to slow down. Today was the 3rd time in the past 2 months I went and everything went great. Many tables full and the help is excellent and so courteous. The place is spotless. Best Sub I had had in a long time. Think they just needed to adjust and slow down and listen to what customer wants. Fast is not always great. All extras fresh and plentiful. Love when they always have jalapenos.
4 All Port of Subs are not created equal. I've lived down the street from this place for about a year now and every time eat there they have fresh toppings and very friendly service. My girlfriend and I have made it one of our regular lunch spots.
5 I had to review this Port of Subs because they are always so quick and friendly. Since it's a franchise, you never know what you're going to get and I've received some pretty horrible service at other locations.  This one is awesome!!!! It's true they don't honor the loyalty cards, but they always greet us with smiles and we are in and out in a jiffy!
4 I really like the owners a lot. They are really friendly and helpful but I agree with another yelper about the strictness. You do have to pay for extra stuff. Also, they do not accept franchise coupons, which is odd. However, they do have a sign saying so.
5 Been coming to this place for yrs! Well over 4yrs because the lady at this place has seen my son grow.. Clean and nice place to eat and I will always pick this place over others .. When I have the choice ha..
5 Hands down the best Port of Subs.....I've been to most of them and they don't even come close. If these people ran any business it would be successful.
3 As other yelpers have mentioned, the owner is a sweetheart. However, they do not honor coupons and more often than not they close 30 min - 1 hour earlier than what the sign on the door states. Kind of annoying to drive over and find that they're closed at 6.  But when they are open, it's a great location.
1 Got a catered sandwich platter and salad and my first bite I found a bug!! Came back to refund the salad and the owner wanted to give me store credit. (Right like I'm ever coming back here!!) She complained that I had eaten most of the chicken (which was at the bottom of the salad) so she wouldn't give me the full amount of $35. Instead I walked out of here with $20 in credit and a bad yelp review. Check out the grossness...
3 I'm bumping up a few start because Port of Subs and their corporate office is amazing. I received my full amount back for my salad, and they're taking care of out next catering event. I absolutely love port of subs--I can't let one bad apple ruin my love for it!!
5 This is the absolute BEST Port Of Subs in Las Vegas. It is so clean and the people that own it are so friendly and helpful. Did I mention how CLEAN it is? I lived in this neighborhood for years and have come to this location countless times, and I still drive here from my new house all the way out in Mountain's Edge because I love it so much! The only downfall is that they do not accept coupons of any kind. But I don't care. I will drive 20 miles round-trip and pay full-price out of sheer appretiation for their awesomeness.
3 This location is run by a nice older Asian couple. They are friendly enough and the store is clean enough. I come here because it is convenient.   I have noticed that the sandwiches they make are skimpier than other Port of Subs locations. They put exactly two small napkins in your bag. (There are no napkin dispensers out for customers to take them like other places.) If you ask for more, they yell at you. The attitude they have is one of "cheap" instead of "pleasing".  They also do not take corporate coupons.
5 I was starving so I just went to the nearest place......soooooo good!!!  AND The staff was so nice!!  Can't wait to go back!  OH!! AND It was really clean!
