4 Haircuts are my worst fear. If I had a dollar for ever haircut that made me cry... I have been going to this salon for 3 years now and haven't cried once! My hair stylist is by far the best I have EVER had. Melissa is professional, she listens, and she takes her time!! I don't trust me hair to anyone but her and you can find her here. It's worth it!! She's worth it!!  I find myself walking quickly threw the mall, not much left in it anymore, but the salon is clean and the staff professional.
4 I sad that another of my favorite hair-stylists has gone away :( My friend recommended me to come here because she loved her stylist & I wanted to put some highlights & color on my hair.  & wow did i love it.  She listened to what I wanted and always knew what look great on me.  I would come back for re-touches and this time I told her I wanted it lighter plus wanted my hair a lighter brown.  She did an amazing job and I loved the way it looked.  I had many compliments about my hair.  In addition, she gave me a great price it was $90 for color & a haircut.  For those, who knows how long my hair is and how thick it is I knew she was giving me one hell of a great deal.  Before I would always get charged around $175-$250 for my hair.   When i did highlights, I think she charged me about $60-70? I forgot how much it was it has been a while since I highlighted my hair.  Yet, she has left and I am still in search for a new hairstylist.
5 I do not like change when it comes to a stylist but was forced to find a new one when mine moved out of state. I was referred to Melissa at the Meadows Mall and reluctenly made an appointment. I never realized how bad the style and cut I have been wearing was until after my first appointment with Melissa. She is the best. Not only did she "fix" my hair, but she is both friendly and professional. Being in the customer service industry myself, I am also impressed with her awareness of other clients entering the salon and her eagerness to assist others in a timely manner without her client feeling neglected. To this day, I receive daily compliments on my hair and encourage anyone looking for someone new to visit Melissa. I LOVE Melissa both as a stylist and a person. I thought I was "all that and then some" when I walked into this salon, I was not BUT I am now!! Thanks Melissa
1 I typically go to smart style. However, my normal stylist was on maternity leave so I figured Id try something new. This was a HUGE mistake. The stylist decided to cut an inch off my hair when I told her half an inch. I even corrected her as she was cutting it. She cut my bangs about an inch above my eyebrows. Its such a mess! She pryed my personal life going beyond small talk, even questioning why I wouldnt give her information regarding my job. If this wasnt bad enough IN THE MIDDLE of cutting my hair she paused to answer a text on her phone.She ran my debit card after giving me the reciept to sign i asked for my card back (which I had obviously put a big fat zero in the tip area),she didnt give me back my card expecting a tip . I called the manager after leaving unhappy and was told that they dont discipline their stylists and he refused to give me the district managers number. I resorted to calling corporate. AVOID THIS PLACE! You can get a over priced haircut elsewhere.
1 If I could give this place ZERO stars I would! They got rid of the two best stylists there (or they quit, I can't seem to get a straight answer out of anyone when I call). There's hardly anyone working there now and I'm wondering whether the place is just going to implode or become a Supercuts next. Go somewhere else if you remotely give a shit about what your hair looks like!!! Also the guy with a name that starts with an M is rude as hell and shouldn't be in any kind of a customer service job.
1 If there was an option to review without any stars this would be a great case. I was very upset and chose to not tell her how I felt. I went in for a brow wax and came out with thin uneven eyebrows. I was very specific that I just wanted a clean up and did not want the actual eye brow messed with. When I looked at them I noticed half my eyebrow was missing. The woman tried to tell me that I was not looking at them correctly. How can you employ or authorize someone to do a service they cannot perform? I will never ever walk into Regis again.  Biggest mistake ever.  **side note: i was washing my face and my left eyelid burned, i looked in the mirror and saw that either i have a burn or my skin was lifted. Seriously? Shitty eyebrows and now skin missing??
