4 I was surprised by how small this store is.  I guess I'm used to mattress stores that carry many brands and need more space.  But the store was big enough to hold all the models they sell.  The mattress we've been sleeping on is only about two years old, bought at Sears, high-end, one of the S brands (Sealy, Simmons, Serta - I think they're all one company now).  It's just awful, and Sears won't do anything for us.    When we got to the store the lone salesperson was wrapping up a sale to a couple who was attempting to apply for financing for the mattress they were buying.  It took an inordinate amount of time, and there was nothing we could do except hang around and wait, since we didn't know how the system worked.  Once they left, the saleswoman was very helpful, knowledgeable, and patient.  We tried all the models and finally settled on their middle grade, which felt more comfortable to me than the highest-priced one - still no bargain :(    I sure hope that once it's delivered it'll be as comfy as it seemed in the store.  I collect mattresses like shoes, and have a warehouse-worth full of mattresses that seemed oh-so-comfortable until I got it home.  Unlike shoes, however, mattresses cost a lot more (unless you're into Jimmy Choo or Christian Louboutin, in which case it's debatable).  If they'd had another salesperson working in the store, I would have given this five stars, but they didn't.
1 I'd give this store no stars but since that's not possible I'm giving it one.  They will tell you anything to make a sale.    I bought a bed for over 3K.  I was told they'd attach my headboard.  I actually went and bought a new headboard.  I also bought from them a mattress cover which I was told I need to keep the warranty active.  Well, today I was called and told my bed would be delivered.  I asked about attaching my headboard and they told me that they never do attach headboards, and that the hardware is $30 extra.  $30 after I spent over 3K?    I've cancelled my order.  Don't lie to customers guys...it pisses them off!
1 I have a sleep numbers bed. The pump broke and I ordered a new pump last week. The pump has not shipped and as a result of terrible customer service I'm still sleeping on the floor. I call and get no direct answer as to when my parts will ship and am told its UPS they are waiting for. Now if that isn't the biggest crock of crap. Terrible customer service. Tired of sleeping on the Floor in Vegas
