5 Very comfortable service experience for me every time.  I've taken my Ford automobile to be serviced by them on several occasions in the past, and Friendly Ford service department is top-notch. They aren't real sharp about written estimates, though. I get a hand-written scribble faxed to me when I want one, and I'm sure a small-claims court judge wouldn't throw it out of court, but in the end, if you are a reputable business like Friendly Ford Service Department, you'll never end up in small claims court, now will you? :)  They have shuttle service FROM Friendly Ford to wherever you want to go within a limited range, and coffee pots that are full in the waiting area too. Service Representatives are very polite and professional and pretty good about their documentation.
2 My review is based just on my experience with the parts department. I have had good experiences with them ordering my parts and getting them in within a day or two, but I recently was looking for a new motorcraft water pump for my truck. They told me it would be $250 and they could have it to me the next day. I knew this was a bit high for the pump that is needed for my truck, so I called another dealership and was able to get the same pump for $193 and it was available within an hour of me calling.
5 Best sales experience I've ever had buying a truck!  Darren Pryor is a true professional and I'll buy my next Ford from him.  Service contract is A Plus and happy I bought it with my truck.
1 I hate this place. Buying a car is always bad. But here the worst. My husband had to have a truck from here. First they had not one but 4 things in the invoice the truck did not have. Then the salesman told us we would get penalized for having to wait to take money out of bank to pay. They charged over full retail. That part the husbands fault. They lowered the price to make the deal, but didn't tell us until signing that they were removing the alarm system. We asked the salesman if there were any other new trucks like the one we wanted. After signing for this they brought one out from the back. Salesman followed us home to get a check. He was so happy to find a sucker there was no way he was letting the big one get away. All of this my husbands fault for wanting something and putting up and agreeing to this garbage. Except the false sticker and alarm removal. I made a mistake on the check. Salesman called and said manager OK'd me to change and initial. I was only about 20 min from home to get a new check, which he said was unnecessary. After driving 45 min it was not OK and I had to get another. If up to me I would have just said to keep it.
1 I will NEVER buy another Ford ever, everything you hear about Fords are true. I have had my Ford Mustang V6 since 2006 (2006 model). Every month it was something new that was wrong with it.. mechanical and electronically. So this Monday my car was back at the service department for a fuel pump sensor. They called and quoted me over $500 for a $30 part. No thanks, so i paid the $120 for them to go throughout my car to see if anything else was wrong with it. Final report: new brake pads =$400, fine. NOTHING else was said on the paper work, NOTHING.  Flash forward two days, 10 pm at night driving 70 mph in the fast lane on the 95. My right front tire sounds like is about to fall off.. so i pull off the freeway (going 10 mph) to see if i had a flat. My boyfriends father comes to my rescue since he used to work at the speedway. My tire had RIPPED IN HALF!!! The metal braiding inside of it was wrapped around my rim. Come to find out ALL 4 of my tires were COMPLETELY bald! $600 later for new tires...  My question is: HOW COULD THEY NOT HAVE TOLD ME???? I paid them $120 for what! And on top of that i could have been killed if i did not stop right away when i heard the noise (quoting the tow driver). I would never ever let this company touch a car again! The next day i finally got rid of my mustang, such a beautiful car but not worth the money or my life. I got a 2012 new honda because at lease i know that i have a dependable, safe car now. Oh and wait for my call on Monday morning because you can bet i will chew someones head off (*cough* service department!!).
4 Friendly Ford lives up to it's name.  I purchased my first Ford there not long ago and had a good customer experience.  I didn't feel pressured into making the purchase at all.  The staff stayed well after hours to finalize all the necessary paperwork.  To me this is what rating this specific dealership should be about...if you have a problem with the vehicle then choose another manufacturer, it's not like FF is making the vehicles themselves...plus every car has issues, some people get lucky, others don't.  I've had my car for a month and there are things I wish were improved, but it's not FF's fault.  I'm curious though to see how my first experience with maintenance is when I have to take the car in for the first time...update on this aspect to be continued.  The only reason I wouldn't give FF a 5/5 is the CONSTANT reminder about their "survey."  Ford sends out a survey about a month after asking about your experience.  I was told if you don't select the highest marks in terms of your salesperson, they can get fired.  This may or may not be true but that's a lot of pressure.  I don't want someone to get fired because I put above average instead of excellent or perfect.  Besides that, the salesman must have reminded me 10 times, "don't forget my survey."  I didn't like the constant reminder, it came off as annoying after the first 3 times hearing it from the sales, finance, customer service calling on the phone, etc.
4 Just visited the service department. I have to say that Friendly Ford is a pretty friendly place.  Have been there twice and both times the service was fast, efficient and cheerful.
1 took my mustang for diagnostic and oil change, everything they told me was false, car came back with 5 defective brake lights, car now runs worse than before, car was disgusting when it came back. you guys suck! dont go here if you love your car, their mechanics are shi*t! worst customer service!!  update* ford were wrong about my diagnosis that i paid $130 for!  all i needed was an o2 sensor that should have been warrantied by law as the car is less than 7 years old and has less than 70,000 miles. guess ill be looking further into this
2 Overpriced service for an underwhelming experience.  I took my car to "Friendly" Ford for a serious fault in my Hybrid system as an out-of-town visitor so I really didn't have a chance to do any homework on the options. My mistake.  While the dealership had nothing to do with causing the issue their handling of it was simply ridiculous. It's nothing new for a dealership to charge more than independent shops but it is new [to me] to try and charge twice the price. It's as if they're oblivious to the invention of Google and the 30 seconds it took to find other bids and experiences with the repair.  And then there's the customer service... I probably came across as an overbearing customer but not a single promise of a returned call happened, not a single deadline set by them [I was in no rush] was met, my service adviser never once answered his phone, and my repair started a day after it was suppose to be done... They just don't get it.  Finally and perhaps most important to me is the role a dealership should play. While they wear the big logo yet claim to be local, superior to other options and part of that should be advocating for their customers. My issue was far too common to not be covered under warranty yet I was the one to think to reach out to Ford Corporate, a single call which saved me 80%. It was an obvious move but not even remotely on their radar.  I left two stars because I'm writing this from home with a car that, thus far, drives. And that counts for something.
1 Fuck you service manager, Fuck you service Director! I have called multiple times, left plenty messages and no response. You guys are all wankers, you got shit mechanics who don't know shit, keep the money I gave you, maybe spend it on customer service or customer retention courses. The owner of this Friendly Ford is either a money grabbing A-hole or has no idea how to run a business. I work in the fitness industry, if any of you guys walk into my gym ill be happy to tell you to go fuck yourself.
1 Bought a "certified" preowned car that has been to the shop twice in 8 months. When I picked up my car the second time, there was an item stolen from my car.
1 Would not buy a can of soda from these people. Quickly bought a new Escape in 2006, the geniuses in the service department did not do the desert prepping. 3 days later my radiator explodes. I demanded a replacement car as the damage from the overheating ruins the cyliders and rods - you could never get 100,000 miles. They argued and turned blue in the face and treated me like a leper. Probably cause Ford's lose almost all thier value in 5 minutes.   Here we are 2013 and the car has 78,000 miles and guess what - the rod bearings are knocking. I wish everyone there especially the manager of the place explosive diarreah. (as nothing but bullcrap already comes out of their mouths).  Do NOT do business with this outfit. Can't say you've not been warned.  Henderson Ford in the Valley Auto Mall is a million times better. The salesman who sold me the Ford (not a bad guy) relocated there cause Friendly was a POS place. That should tell you something.   I took the car there for service ever since - they kept it running at top condition.
1 12 sales people looked at is, no one could find the time to help us. We walked inside and literally saw a dozen guys yacking, telling jokes etc. no one offer to help us. Last visit here.
5 ...just a quick email to thank you for the terrific customer service I've received from Friendly Ford Body Shop since the purchase of my Explorer Sport in June 2013.  I greatly appreciate all the personal care and time they've been able to give and the ability to get me through what I assumed was going to be a horrific warranty issue. Excellent and friendly service from day 1 (Steve and Douglas in particular). The manager Mike was also very nice and personable.  They finished the repairs in a timely manner.  This shop definitely goes the extra mile for their customers. If I need any future repairs, I will definitely be taking the vehicle to this shop.
5 First, I would like to mention our amazing car salesmen, David Boehle.  He was straight forward, honest, informative, and so friendly.  We truly felt like we were buying our car from a friend. If you're going to buy a car from this dealership, I'm sure there are many great people to go through, but if you have the opportunity to request a salesperson, ask for David Boehle.   Now, the dealership was clean, open, had many options, and all of the staff we encountered were friendly.  Everyone said hello with a smile on their faces.  We had some last minute issues with our financial institution sending the wrong paperwork, and the dealership worked with us and were patient until we were able to give them the proper paperwork a few days later.    We had a very negative experience with a dealership in Henderson a few years ago, so we were skeptical when we first arrived to buy another car in Southern Nevada.  I would absolutely recommend this dealership if you are in the market for a car in Southern Nevada.   The car we bought was priced moderately and not too far above KBB value.  The informed us of all of our options, such as extended warranties, alarm systems, low jack, and financing options through them (before we told them we had other financing in place) - all of this with absolutely no pressure from the sales staff.   The finance department was fast and friendly, too.    Thank you, David Boehle and the rest of the Friendly Ford Staff.  You truly are a friendly and honest company.
1 Please do not waste your time at this dealer.  It is sad to see that the sales team (Martin and Don) can be so gracious and accommodating, while the management can be so entirely out of touch with reality.  After spending an hour in there showroom looking for a suitable automobile and waiting for them to come back with a counter offer, I was embarrassed to even be in the same room with this "lady".  I offered $4000.00 cash for a '03 ford explorer with 125,000 miles on it.  I then told them if they wanted my truck ('05 Expedition Eddie Bauer, with 157,000, and in excellent shape),  I would gladly let them have it for $6000.00.  ($5900.00 is low KBB)   This "lady" came back with, get this:  I give her my newer, bigger, nicer truck and an additional  $5400.00, and she will sell me the older, smaller, less options other truck.  I could only laugh at this.  This is insanity!  I just wanted to get into a smaller, more fuel efficient truck and when I left I felt as though I had been molested.  I have been buying and selling automobiles for all of my life.  I have NEVER been this far off in a "negotiation" in my life.  Obviously I will never do business with these thieves ever again, and I suggest the same to everyone else.
1 WARNING - WARNING - WARNING  If you want to be ripped-off, you will be guaranteed to be ripped-off if you go to the Friendly Ford Service Department and trust their Keystone Cop technicians to repair your car.  The Service Director, Greg Haase, and his fraud squad charged me $1,126.51 to repair my car, which they had for 23 days.  Did these clowns repair it?  Absolutely not!  Regardless of their Ford trained technicians and sophisticated diagnostic equipment, they failed to repair the problem but they charged me, regardless.  They were instructed and authorized, specifically, as to what I wanted repaired and not to do anything else but due to their being inept, they could not find the problem.  Subsequently, they turned my car over to some trainees to earn some hours who then made unauthorized repairs solely to justify hours wasted in their not finding the problem I took my car to Friendly Ford to repair.  Without doubt, Friendly Ford is not very friendly nor is it client oriented.  I would not recommend nor refer Friendly Ford to anyone.    They cheated me out of $1,126.51 and they will cheat you.  These fraud masters and experts in deceit do not even have to wear a mask and carry a gun to take your money.
4 Just recently bought my very first brand new car from Friendly Ford, they made the process simple and did not use overbearing pressure tactics to sell me a car. Knowledgeable staff has been helpful so far. No complaints here and loving my new vehicle.   Only thing holding back a 5 star rating would be the badgering about filling out a survey of the salesman. He must have asked about 7-8 times about his survey and to give him the highest rating in order to win a vacation somewhere.   Would have been more effective to call me a few days after my purchase to follow up on the recent purchase and then ask if i had filled out the survey instead of badgering me during the purchase of my very first brand new vehicle.  Still very happy with the experience and the car!
4 Wow! This place REALLY exceeded any expectations I had! I have to give credit to Randy (sales) & JP (finance)! They went WAY above & beyond!!! My son came in to buy his very first truck & found a Ranger he liked. He is a young Marine & already had his own financing already set up. Everything was great (fair price, good vehicle, etc) UNTIL his bank started acting fairly brain dead. They didn't want to fund the loan until the vehicle was registered. (WTH? LOL). Anyway, Randy & JP spent a TON of time on this deal & were successful in getting my son on the road! THANK YOU! YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME!!!!  What kept me from giving a full 5 stars is my previous experience at this dealership. They offered me HALF of what my truck was worth when I was shopping for a new one a few years ago. And on this purchase, Tony, our initial sales guy, was solely concerned with making a sale (his words), not about my son getting his very first vehicle.  Considering everything these guys did for my son, I wouldn't hesitate to come back to this dealership.
5 I bought my first brand new car at this ford dealership. After calling to verify they had the car I wanted, I was told the "fiesta specialist" would be helping me that day. Randy block was the salesman I worked with and I was (am) very happy with all of the help he gave me!! I'm a 22 year old girl, buying my first new car and trading in my old one. My boyfriend wasn't able to come with me so I had to go alone and I was intimidated and nervous I would get taken advantage of! Randy was really honest and professional. He answered ALL of my million questions, took time to show me the features of the car and was nice and respectful to me. He was very honest with me and explained all of the papers I had to sign (sometimes twice, because I didn't understand) and helped me understand all of the minute details I had to work out before taking my car home with me. I was so comfortable with the great deal I got that I went back the very next day and took my new car home! Usually salesmen "check out" once you buy the car but Randy was really helpful in explaining the ford sync, lights, steering wheel, how to sync my phone to the car, how to play music through Bluetooth... Everything I didn't understand, Randy helped me figure out. Today I got a text from him making sure everything was okay with my car.... I didn't know how to play music through USB and he was able to help me via phone. What great service!!! I've referred two family members his way. I was able to bring my brand new Ruby Red Ford Fiesta home in two days all while knowing I got a great deal. Everyone should go see Randy Block!!!
1 Complete wast of my time.  I called Friendly Ford about their impressive ads on TV on the Escape - a car I was interested in.  I had some credit issues so called first being very upfront about credit score, downpayment etc. not to waste anyones time or mine if I would not qualify for their leased deals.  I was told it would definitely be possible with my downpayment and made an appointment with a salesman the next day.  I met with the salesmen and again told him upfront my concerns which didn't seem like a problem as he showed me cars and test drove them.  I asked several  times for a print out of the payment options.  But he wouldn't quote anything and wanted all my credit info and left me sitting alone for 40 minutes - didn't even offer a water just left me sitting alone.  I had to look for him to ask what's happening.  He told me Ford would not approve a lease after I was led to believe they would.  Then presented me with a  Purchase price way above what I said I could pay for 6 years!   They wasted 3 hours of my time and the salesman's as well. And another inquiry on my credit I didn't need. And the salesman got annoyed with me that I was annoyed!   I gave everyone my concerns upfront not to waste anyone's time.   But they just play the game here.    Not a very  "Friendly" group anyway.
2 I like my ford taurus.  The only reason they get 2 stars is I like my car.  I have had to pick up several fleet vehicles from this location.  It is a complete joke.  I expect better service and communication. I have never purchased a car from here and trust me I never will.  Go elsewhere to buy a ford.  I cal it NOT so Friendly Ford to everyone I know.
3 Once you get past the male posturing by the sales staff, this could be a decent place to do business with. Though your mileage may vary.  Initially, we scoped out a car online ( if you go thru Cars.com, they will give you a discount ONLY if you remind them, they WILL NOT remind you ) and knew what we wanted to see.  We get there and it's a walk thru the lot looking for "Frank", only there's a couple of "Franks" there and it is irritating to detour around trying to find the right one. And we have to run the salesperson gauntlet where they lean into your personal space. Heck, one Native American guy actually did a fake golf swing to get into my bubble. But, he had a duck butt hairstyle, so I forgave his silly boyhood hijinks.  So we get "Frank" to go over the car and take the shortest test ride I've ever been on- four right hand turns and we're back at the lot! Up to that point, Frank was okay. Later he mentioned trading the wheels ( which we weren't fond of ) to some "Mexican" tire shop and my wife didn't appreciate the rudeness in his Old School vague racism.  Looking to check out another car at another lot, we get the "Is there anything we can do to get your biz right now?!", Sure, take some money off the top. And, Hey, they do. A good chunk, too.  Ed, the Sales manager is a no-nonsense kinda guy. Friendly and helpful. Frank is getting pushy as we negotiate, but Ed is cool as a cucumber. He was easy to deal with. If I go back anytime soon, I might buy him a coffee.  We haggle, we go back n forth, we settle on a price and in less than three hours, we're done with the whole process. And that includes the Finance stuff ( and he we have another great guy, Mario, in Service contracts ). Wife says buy an extended warranty, so we do. Happy Wife, Happy Life.  P.S.The detail crew must be run by a one-eyed, jumbo-gloved crew, so don't expect much there. Tho, they did polish the chrome very well.  P.S.P.S. I would not be the slightest bit surprised if one of the salesmen wiped out his wanker and mushroom stamped another salesman. Yeah, that juvenile.
5 I had a great experience here buying a car. I worked mostly with Sergio (sales) and John (financial). I wasn't sure what to expect as buying a car is almost always stressful. Yet I found myself enjoying working with both Sergio and John. Both were funny and friendly, and treated me like a real person. I absolutely love my new Ford Fiesta, and I would also recommend the dealership to others.
1 Complete waste of MY time and gas.  Found a car I was interested in online, sent an inquiry by email.  Received a response immediately.  Before I was finished reading the email, the phone rang and I spoke to Mr. Watson.  He said the auto I was interested in is still available so I told him I will be there in 30 minutes.  I was actually running late and called to let him know I would be there in 15 more minutes.  I arrive to see the car advertised and Mr. Watson advises me that that car has just been sold.  Does he really believe that I believe that?  Evidently, other dealerships do the same thing.  This is not the first time this has happened to me and I am not going to deal with a dealership again.  I was running late and was courteous enough to call and let him know.  He did not bother to return the courtesy.  The car I now have is unable to go on the freeway, a fact that I told this guy, so this was really rude, trying to get a warm body in just to sell someone anything.  I walked out and won't be back.  FRAUD.
