4 I'm in love with anything Victoria's Secret :]  This VS is especially nice since they moved and remodeled it in the Meadows Mall.  The staff is always friendly and usually greet you at the door.  The store is always organized and tidy.  I also love how they broke the store up into 2 sections---one side is VS, the other is Pink, with the registers in the middle!
5 First off, friendly staff...  I got measured and given a VS description of myself and what types of bras I'm looking for. Then I was sent off to the fitting room to try on a Pre-organized box of bras, selected for me to try on. Good to know that the staff knew what she was talking about, because after a year of wearing the wrong sized bra, I was really shocked but relieved to try on something more comfortable.   They're really helpful if you ask for help, but don't expect to be helped on their own terms.
5 Not only is this Victoria's Secret huge, their staff were friendly, fast and attentive. I came in here to return a bathing suit that turned out to be too big for me, however, I unfortunately couldn't find my receipt but it had the tags on it. They gave me store credit without a hassle so I got to get a different bathing suit :) I'll be coming by here more often since discovering how ginormous this store is compared to the other ones downtown. Another perk is that its a bit closer to me than the strip... why didn't i ever come here before?!
2 Proximity to my house is the reason why I chose this location at the Meadows Mall.  After I was given smiles, but no offers for assistance by 3 employees, the 4th asked if I needed any help.  My gripe was that the floors were filled with boxes of merchandise that was being unloaded and stocked on the shelves during store hours. Mannequins were being dressed and shelves were being rearranged all while customers were trying to browse and buy. Not a pleasant way to shop at Victoria's Secret.
4 The dressing room chick was really friendly, but too friendly, where you knew it was fake. Place was organized and clean. Everyone was really polite.
1 Hey Victoria's Secret, how about you stopping hiring nitwits? Is that so hard? I mean I know it's tough to find good employees these days but these girls are downright terrible. I went in to buy shapewear and lingerie for my wedding. I picked out about $300 worth of shapers, bras, and hosiery. The girl helping me offered to size me for a bra and when she was done, told me I was an A cup. Ha! My girls are Ds, small Ds, but still Ds nonetheless. Another girl stepped in and took over helping me since she could see my frustration. She sized me properly and got down to business helping me with the shapewear. Let me just say, take someone with you if you try it on. My sister had to help me get out of the stupid thing! So while she is finding me shapewear, I'm trying on the bras. After the second shapewear didnt fit, she went to get a different size. My sister left the fitting room to walk around the store because my nephew was getting fussy. And I never saw the girl that was helping me again. True story. I asked some of the other girls in the dressing room where she went and they said they didn't know. I looked around the store and she was nowhere to be found. The girl at the register just looked blank when I asked for help, so I just left. I'd already wasted enough of my time, I wasnt about to waste my hard earned money.
2 As I stand in this horrendous line to pay, I realize that a 5 star rating is not in order.   While this VS is large and has a wide variety of items to choose from, they never have enough people at the registers. There is always a long ALL the time. Employees look miserable and hardly anyone is smiling. Once in a while I'll find an employee who looks happy to be there and I'll ask that person for help if I need it.   During busy times (holidays and their semi annual sales), this place is a mad house. People all up in bins digging for stuff they don't really need. There is product messed up everywhere. You'll go to the small bin to find some panties after fighting off 5 Mexican women who are CLEARLY not a small and you'll find sizes in there that don't belong. I'm lucky enough that I work at the mall so I can go during my lunch breaks on a Monday afternoon to avoid crowds and children. Otherwise, people EVERYWHERE...gross!!
5 If you don't want to spend money don't go here or any of them. Vickie is my weakness lol. But this location is vey clean and easy to shop at, meaning there retail is not all on the floor and overall things are organized. I can't shop in clutter it's just overwhelming to me.
3 Sign up with your email & they'll email you when they have sweet deals... I'm giving this place 3 stars due to the lack of customer service.
2 I love VS, but the employees at this particular location aren't so great. I was always under the impression that when you walked into the store that is when the employee was supposed to greet you. Not at this store. After about five or 10 minutes in the store, then someone comes to greet you and offers you one of the shopping bags. At that point it's like 'Just get away and let me shop as I was before you pretended to offer a phony greeting.' IMO, this location isn't so great. Won't return here
1 Their employees talk to u like you're deaf. I never had so many people walk up to me and yell in my face "can I help u find anything". Then when u need a fitting room poof these people are nowhere to be found. I crossed over from pink to vs and another employee was coming towards me and hopped closer to wear I was, literally hopped and yelled "what are u looking for today" wtf. Also when I was trying stuff on in the fitting room another employee banged on the door and called me a different name and asked if I needed help. If I need help I'll freaking ask for it Damn I hate meadows mall they can turn a great thing like Victorias secret and make it a bad experience.
4 Victoria Secret is very  VERY proud of their stuff. But there is a reason why they make some quality stuff.. This store I was surprised to be stock fairly well for a mall VS. They had bathing suit which most don't (you have to order online) and a good selection of items.  They had the tshirt bra in my size and color when the one back in Denver did not. The girls on the floor were nice however checking out was a bit troublesome. There was a huge line and only like one girl but what made it worse was there was an employee who was wanting to buy some items and had the only girl checking out have to go get a manager, cause a manager has to check or override it when employees buy items. See how much I know. But that is not what got my goat, what got me is that the employee was behind me in line!!!!   So this review is still four starts cause of the product and the girls on the sales floor.
