3 What, a McDonald's 1st to review??  I thought they were all covered already!  Anyway, this particular McDonald's is located in a 'questionable after 9 PM' neighborhood.  It can be a tiny bit dangerous to be wandering around here at night.  Food?  Your standard McDonald's over-processed grub.  It's greasy, salty, but likely to bring back some fond memories.  I still get my Cheeseburger Happy Meal almost everytime.  But now with apples instead of the usual sleeve of crack-addled fries?  I don't know about that one.  Good try McDonald's getting through the childhood obesity barrier, but alas, you leave many kids whining for their fry fix.    Nothing fancy at this McDonald's, about as basic as you can get.  Looks like just about any other old-style building one.  Those newer, more modern looking McDonald's?  Very shiek...makes me almost think I'm eating in a classy joint.  Almost.
3 It was ok.
1 So hardly ever write reviews on Fast Food places, because well most of them are less than desirable. However, after my most recent experience with this one, I just had to. The black gentleman who took my order in the drive through, was so unprofessional and rude, I actually left without my order, because He made the wrong order and kept arguing with me about it. I was like, can you just make what i ordered, and he was really bitchy to me. I mean they always get my order wrong at this mcdonald's it never fails, but this time, i actually caught it when i was paying because the price was off. He was such a jerk. I was like I don't think that is what I ordered, It is the wrong price. He says to me, well thats what i made so your gonna have to buy it. I thought he was joking and Then I realized he was seriously asking me to pay for this meal, that i did not order. I was like so pissed, and i just left.
1 First things first. I'm here on a food run. Secondly this place sucks. The employees are ok but the manager is incompetent. Where in the world does a McDonalds run out of soda and run out of sandwich buns. Absolutely pathetic. Not even worth a review but I had to put them on blast for this !
1 I have never wrote a review before. Everywhere i go i understand people make mistakes sometimes so i forgive and forget. But every time i go to this mcdonalds they ALWAYS forget something in my order so i have to go back or they get my order wrong. And when i say ALWAYS i mean ALWAYS! there hasn't been a time where i came here and i get what o asked for. I also understand that probably no one likes working at fast food places, but you don't have to show it to the customers. Be professional, these people always seem bothered.
