3 This is a mexican TJ Maxx. They have a decent selection of kids clothes, lots of name brands for very cheap. They have lots of "hoochie wear" for the ladies and they have odds n ends household items like kitchenwares , bedding, and more. I came here to get a button-down dress shirt & found a very comfortable Van Huesen for $6. Found several pairs of kids dickies pants & t-shirts, and the line was short and csahier very fast & friendly. This location in next to Meadows Mall by Toys R Us
3 if your looking for something and you don't want to spend alot you can sometimes find some cool stuff. I found a few good name brand clothes. you just have to really look. sometimes the store is a little un-organized but, if you take your time you can get some good deals. It's not Ross or Marshalls but sometimes you get lucky and find some wet seal or other cool brands just keep your eyes open. I found some cool bathroom decor and got some great gifts for a baby shower. Check it out and see what you find. It's a great place to find uniforms for a reasonable price for your kids or if you ar looking to helps some families in need.
4 Huge fan of Fallas Paredes!   When I came here it was love at first sight. My heart couldnt stop jumping for joy.  My husband could tell that the twinkle in my eye was going to be dangerous to our wallets.. yet it wasn't.  For 83 dollars I got.. - 3 shirts - a summer dress - an outfit for my daughter - 3 glass containers for my kitchen - a picture for my living room - a pair of shorts - a pair of pjs - underwear - a burgundy rug for my bathroom - a toy for my friends birthday  What a deal! You cant beat those prices. It half the price of what youll pay at kmart or walmart. I'll always shop here. Theres tons of things everyone can use. next time I come i'm going to buy a bunch more! [such as curtains, a patio set, clothes for he hubby, etc]  They arent just cheap clothes too, they have brand names too.. like Dickie, Elite & Tapeout.  Most of the clientele is hispanic but that doesnt bother me. That just means they know how to shop right and find fantastic deal!
4 So upon walking into this place I was like... eww. As I walked into this monstrous discount store I became a little excited, boys underwear 3 for 1.99$! HELLS YES! I threw like 4 packages in the cart, they were these hanes boxer briefs. Good quality and my son runs footloose and fancy free in them!  I ventured off into the "plus size" area because I'm a little fatty and of course they had nothing I liked... the clothes were old, ugly, and something a non stylish fatty (unlike myself) would be wearing. I go into the shoes and its seriously a warzone! I dont blame the workers, but more so the patrons. I was just over whelmed, and wanting to get out of that area like yesterday.  I go into my most favorite area... CLEARANCE! This area happens to be outside so the clothes stink, theyre on the floor and totally unorganized. The horror! But I did manage to find me some 7$ gray pants which were hecka cute! I was a sweaty mess so I had to get inside ASAP when a shoe caught my eye... I said it 1 shoe. So me being a freak, I had to go find the other one! In the heat y todo I sat there searching for this jewel... to no avail of course. FML! So we venture inside.  I go look for a table cloth and of course dont find one thats the size of my table, so me being a crafty little mofo, I find a shower curtain I super like and I cut the part with the holes off and use it!!  We venture off into the panty area and I found like 14 pairs of undies (cute ones for fatties, not granny panties!) for .50-1$ each!! JACKPOT!   We go stand in line and the lady calls me up, I try to go to her but this family insists on just standing in the way so I cant get through with all my finds. I even say excuse me and the whole 9 and they looked at me like I'm foreign... the the other checker says " Its not your turn, its the lady over theres turn" I was like " Listen, Ive been in line for 10 mins. I'm trying to get through but these rude mofos wanna sit in front of the register so I cant get through. Do you have a problem with that doll?" She just turned away... little beezy! I finally got checked out after Jay-Z and his entourage left.  We went back the very next day because my bf is a shop-a-holic and I got some more undies and boxers for my son and another pair of 7$ jeans!! I noticed they hadnt really cleaned up much... I left a shirt on this rack where is did not belong and it was still there!! But the outside was MUCH more organized and even in size sections.  All in all me loves this place long time.
4 Alright savings !! Yay!  Ok, this is probably a place I would've never considered going to. My thoughts coming in here were "run as fast as I could inside," and "gotta hide my face so no one sees me coming in here." But as soon as I found out how great and inexpensive this place was,I thought "wow I'll bring my mother here next week!"  I honestly came here looking for drapes and shower curtains, since my cousin suggested I go because it supposedly cost her only 3 bucks for her drapes..and she wasn't lying. In fact, I got so caught up looking at other cheap things I forgot to get what I needed. Instead, I came out of the store with brand name bras for 2.99 a piece!! Aah!! I bought three!! And then I saw some good quality pajamas for 5 bucks!! Whaa??! And I wear those bras more than I wear my 45 dollar Victoria Secret bras!! They also have  clothes(some brand name), shoes, household stuff, lots of toys, kiddie clothes, accessories, and lots of other stuff! And the staff was also very friendly here! One other good thing is that it's next to the mall so if one doesn't find what they're looking for here, go next door!   I told my mother about this place and she was butt hurt i didnt bring her along. So we plan on stopping by here another day so she could get her shopping on!
3 I've been to about 3 or 4 Fallas and Fallas related stores in Vegas and this location is probably the largest one.  They do have lots of cheap brand name clothing I'm not sure if they're knockoffs or not but they look good to me.  Only bad parts was that they are dirty, unorganized and have bad customer service.  They also a want to enforce a California law about shopping carts not leaving the store, apparently they don't know they're in Nevada.
1 My grandma and I went here to look for some work clothes for her new job.  They did not have what we were looking for so we left, on the way out the door I see an employee- a man at the cash register talking to his friend, joking about "retards" and then making really disturbing hand gestures and a face that was mocking that of someone with down syndrome. He was doing this while assisting a family with their checkout.  I asked him what his job title was at that store, and he claimed to be the 'operations manager', I then chastised him for his indecencies toward the autistic community, and the family right there in plain sight of him, whose children (and the parents) would be affected by his actions, and be made to think that this type of behavior is OK.  This was on December 8th 2011. Around 7:20-7:32 pm that I was in the store.    I haven't filed a report with the company yet, even though I feel the complete need to, but then I think, do I really want this idiot to work at an establishment that I will actually shop at?
3 I try and shop here at least once a month. It's like the best kept secret for affordable decorations for the home and clothing....for the body. :)  I have been shopping Fallas for years, dating back to the Factory-2-U stores. Like I said, the prices cannot be beat. This location seems to be pretty organized and somewhat neat. It is the closest to where I live. I have to admit that I try my hardest to be in and out on certain occasions. Not all occasions, but certain occasions, due to some of the clientele it attracts. This is definitely a store you want to spend a good hour in so that you don't miss out on any deals!
