4 My friend and I got our nails done while I was in Vegas for the 4th.  My person was Sureena and she was so nice and did a GREAT job with my mani/pedi and suggestions with nail polish.  She even made my feet look very pretty with all the buffing and polishing (don't ask about my feet!).  Let's just say my feet looked GOOD!
1 By far the worst service and nail job I have ever had. I used to get my nails done here, and I went for almost 3 years when it was under different management.  I am a loyal Sassy Nails customer, but during my visit at the mall, I didn't have enough time to travel to north side of town to get my nails filled and so I figured , why not pay my old nail place a visit.   WRONG MOVE!! The lady who did my fill was not friendly at all. None of them were. I don't like it when I as the customer is not being talked to , instead the technicians talk amongst each other in their language, which I find very rude.  My nail is horribly dull, it looks like i have had the paint on for at least 3 weeks. It chipped off after leaving the place, literally 20 minutes.   I will not be returning to Nail Trix, even if I have to go with crappy nails to an event.
5 I've been visiting Nail Trix for a few years now and wouldn't have it any other way. I switch off between salons. There are only two salons I go to for eyebrows and gel nails.  Over the years I had visited quite a few salons and hadn't been able to find a good eyebrow and gel nail tech. You'd be surprised that there are techs that can actually screw up something as simple as a gel manicure.  I have always requested Serena. She's always been very talkative and wonderful. Best eyebrow tech you will ever find and always shapes my nails just right. She's your go to girl!
1 I asked for a pedicure. My feet are really rough as I am a runner. I paid extra to have callouses removed....my feet feel the same as when I walked in.I asked the man to redo the scraping. He did a half ass job.  The massage was on my calf only...my feet and toes did not get a bit of massage.  One technician was FLOSSING HER TEETH at her desk.  I will NEVER  go there again
4 This place is good. They got us in fast no waiting at all and they told me the price of the nails and what they could do. That is service and they have a front desk w/a person and a sitting area. We will be back.
