4 A real butcher shop in the heart of the city. Great thick cut prime meats. Fresh made sausages and lots of seasonings,rubs and sauces for cooking,grilling and more. A friendly neighborhood great american landmark.
5 My boyfriend purchased a few filets, some brats and other items from this TRUE butcher shop in a perfect centralized location and they were incredible.  The staff is knowledgeable, the meat is fresh and the selection is broad.  For all your meaty needs, Larry's is the place to go.
1 I can't stand places that force you to spend a minimum amount to use a credit card.  This places does that.  Guess what?  It's a violation of their merchant account as well.  Get a few people to complain about it and they won't be able to accept credit cards at all.  I had my brisket cut and trimmed and I left it there because they said I had to spend over $10 to use a credit card.  My meat was $7.  They let me walk out too, clearly they must being doing good business to let customers walk out the door.    I, like most others, am on a budget.  If I allowed everyplace I shopped upcharge me $3 I wouldn't have enough to pay bills.  I will never return here as long as they have that ridiculous credit card limit.
5 This butcher shop is very good.  The bonus for me is they make "dog food" and as I feed my dogs raw diet, it is perfect.  Also the meats I've purchased from them for human consumption were perfect.
4 Alright, this was my first stop on my great butcher adventure- I'm going to ALL the butchers in Las Vegas to compare them and find my gems. I'm nuts, but I am a cook and need my sources. I've gone to butchers all my life in LA and was spoiled by some of the greats.  Anyways onto this place....has some small grocery/grilling items that help with meats (sauces, rubs, bbq stuff like woodchips) and a few frozen items. Glass counter had alright looking meat, on my visit one of the steaks was frozen (Del Monacos)  dont think it should displayed out like that with the fresh stuff until it's thawed down....the best thing that caught my eye was the pork roast looked fresh and the ny steak looked wonderful. Got a pork roast, a few andouille sausages, and from the frozen section 2 rock cornish hens.  Cooking- the pork was good quality and flavorful and made for a very nice roast, sausages were good and so was the cornish.   The centralized location makes this a good recommendation for most people, but still so far John Mull's is taking the lead in my Butcher adventure for variety and freshness....I'll update this if there are changes to that choice and with all the butchers, I at least want to give them two visits so will look into this place again soon.
4 quality selection, great people, good stuff!  needed a packer brisket to smoke...not only was this one of the only places in town that carried it, but they had a selection of nicely marbled, good looking stuff. despite being close to closing time, i never felt rushed while looking over the cuts to get the 'perfect' one.  other meats looked great as well...will be picking up some lamb shoulder there tonight (only place i called as i knew they would have it), as well as any of my other carnivore treats in the future.
5 Great local business. Quality meat at a great price.
5 Wow! This place is a Vegas institution and fantastic.  Bought a Delmonico Steak there yesterday (after asking the butcher behind the counter to guide me to the right cut and pick out a thick one), grilled it last night and the meat was so delicious! I also found out that they are getting fresh turkeys from Utah this year so I'll be going back for my Thanksgiving turkey. Everyone there is friendly & helpful and the prices are very reasonable for the excellent quality. I love Larry's.
5 I'm writing this review for my dad. (I can't talk him into starting his own Yelp account! Lol!) He went there over the weekend and this is what he said: "Service was excellent and the quality of their meats is unbeatable! Excellent!" He will definitely be going back. While there he bought Delmonico Steaks. They were superb! My parents ate them for dinner last night and said those were some of the best steaks they've ever had. Apparently, if you're a meat lover...it could be compared to a kid in a candy shop! Everything you could want and more!   My husband and I have every intention to check this place out! It sounds like a very unique place!
5 the place is the best butcher shop I have been to. The chicken rosemary sausages are wonderful.  Every meat I get from there is always top notch.  I stop here in the morning to pick up lunch supplies for the shop and their service is always excellent. Once you go here, you will not step foot near another grocery store butcher shop.
4 Larry's is one of only two really good butcher shops in the city (the other being John Mull's). I don't go to Larry's to shop for all of my meat purchases, but when I need a special cut for a holiday gathering or something to go in the smoker Larry's is the place. I do a lot of briskets in my smoker and I always get them from Larry's. You don't have to settle for a prepackaged slab of beef, you can look over the piece of beef you want, get it trimmed or cut to order and you're ready to go. Larry's also makes their own sausage fresh each day and it is incredible. If you're near Valley View and Alta give Larry's a try. You won't be disappointed!
5 Larry's is the best butcher in town. I go here once every 2 weeks or so and get bacon mmmmmmm. They have a new Chicken breast that they season and I BBq'd them. The taste was out of this world. I also will not buy Rib-eyes at Vons, Smiths or Albertsons since going to Larry's I have been spoiled. Go there and you will see the diffenence. The taste of the meat is much different and prices are significiently less.
5 I think this place is great!  Great quality and fair prices too!
5 I have made numerous meat purchases from Larry's and been very happy with the quality, service and price.  For the 4th of July I ordered a whole pig from Larry's.  To my surprise, I received a phone call on July 2nd to remind me to pick up the pig.  When I got there I was again surprised that the pig was cheaper than they had originally quoted.  I will certainly continue my patronage with Larry's!
4 Talk about not judging a book by its cover! You've got to give this place a try - I feel so badass and authentic when I"m there. I know that might sound ridiculous, but it's true. Just a giant counter of meat, and while I was incredibly intimidated at first, it's really grown on me. That, and I've learned that I can ask questions and not look stupid. I'm not a butcher, I'm not a chef, how am I supposed to know my country style ribs from my baby back ribs (other than being a southerner, but that was just for illustrating the the yelp readers out there).  I wish they had more in the way of fresh seafood, but I understand that "wild caught Pacific salmon" isn't really what they mean when they say "great western meats"...
5 This is a great place for low cost high quality meats. The service is friendly and you can get great deals if you keep your eyes open. I always go there when I am having a dinner party to impress my guests for less.
1 Terrible service. I was there for Veal Shanks at 1:00 and they would not cut them because the where cleaning up already to close at 2.   How can a butcher shop not cut meat to order.  So disappointed. I do not recommend.
1 Suggested to go from a friend.  I won't listen to them next time.  Prices are pretty inexpensive, but they should be.  Wasn't happy with what I picked up at all.
5 I grew up buying meats from butchers and grilling out so when the GF bought me a grill and said we can grill out at her apartment complex I started asking my friends were to go for fresh meats/butchering.   After I laughed at the people who mentioned a grocery chain who will remain name less I will say I was pleased to have been told to try Larrys.  Upon walking in the GFs nose wrinkled as she was city raised but it smelled clean to me nothing offensive but it did smell like it should; freshly butchered meats.  The selection was top notch. One of the Butchers came out to help me to pick out the best cuts of meat for my dish and even suggested some side dishes to go with our meal (not an upsale as they didnt have the items in store just ideas on how to best compliment the meat)  I will be back!
5 I'm the king of the grill master of the weber... I get my tri tip, filet minions yes I said minions, devilish little guys, and my ground round from here. Add my two famous self made dry rubs (here's a hint ones garlic ish the other brown surgery) and we have ourself a masterpiece of grilling. Add a vodka margarita or blue moon and you'll want to have my first born.. Though I don't have any. Great shop and yes a bit pricey but you definitely get what you pay for... No need to ad egg to your ground beef it will keep its shape.. I'm heading there now this review made me hungry!!
5 Oh my goodness! Once you have had the Delmonico Rib Eye from Larry's you will be spoiled for life. Great selection, nice staff, and good prices on quality meat.
5 Best meat in town! The delmonico is a cut you can't possibly go wrong with. They also have great pork products and sausages. Everytime we go in, we immediately put the delmonico on our list along with rib eyes and/or ny strips. Chicken and a brisket are the next things on my list to try from there.  The staff is always friendly and willing to help. If you have questions on cuts, they will fully explain what is best for your recipe intentions.  The place is always clean and never smells like, well, meat. There is absolutely no smell to this place which makes me feel that it is top quality. Good quality meat should not have a smell.  Their frozen section has a few random things that you should def try out. Game hen, buffalo, other gamey meat. Give it a try!  Their shop also has some great sauce and spice accompanyments for your grilling and marinating pleasures.  This place is definitely top notch in my book and I am a meat snob. (part of the family ranches angus up north, so I like to think I have good taste ;)  )
5 Awesome selection! Easy to make a quick pit stop off of the 95 to swoop up some fatty dank cuts of game. Stoked to see this family joint still going strong!
5 I honestly can't think of enough good things to say about Larry's Great Western Meats.  I have been impressed with everything I've heard, seen and now finally experience myself.  I've had friends and co-workers recommend Larry's multiple times over the years, but have always been reluctant to really give it a try.  I recently found myself craving meatloaf and thought of my friend who makes amazing meatloaf.  I called him up and sure enough, his secret was simply just stopping by Larry's and picking it up.  It is already premixed with the ingredients being added when the grind the hamburger daily, so it is super fresh and always consistent.  I called the store earlier in the day to inquire if they took phone orders (which they don't) but the woman assured me that even though I will be coming in right before they closed, she would ensure there would be plenty.  She took the time to ask what how or what I will be making it in, if I like it spicy and a few other questions.   I arrived about 15 minutes before they closed and when I asked about meatloaf, she immediately remembered my voice and proceeded to fill the order we discussed 8 hours earlier in the day.  Now this is nice itself, but since they were packed and busy it is impressive she kept  a phone call of a new customer and the details of the conversation.  I didn't order anything else this visit, but did look and review the other meats while I was there.  The prices are much better than I expected and very competitive if not better than local major chain stores. The price of fresh ground beef (and meatloaf) was $2.49.  I will come back for the great meats, but also because of the great service and prices.  I  have found my new meat market!
4 This is where to get meat in Vegas. If it is convenient enough for you, skip any and all grocery stores and make your way to Larry's if you are looking for beef or pig. These are the best cuts in town. After picking up some steaks from this throwback butcher shop a few years ago, I have refused to buy steak anywhere else. And the pricing is great to boot! The staff is uber friendly as well. I do have two knocks. One is that the limited hours are tough on a 9-5er - especially now that they are cutting Saturday hours! The other is that I would love to see a greater variety of meat.
5 There are no true butchers that have hanging beef here in Las Vegas, but this place is amazing. The prices are cheaper than the others that I have visited here in Las Vegas, the service is better and the knowledge of the staf is far above that of any other butcher or meat shop here in town. The only downer is that they are now closing on Saturday's. I have had the steaks hotlink's polish and meatloaf, all of them are amazing! I wish them all the best and all the good luck!
5 The meat selection is second to none, the service is great. You cant go wrong at Larry's Meats...
5 Best meats in town for sure!!! I just wish they were open Saturday and Sunday. or At least Saturday
2 My first experience at Larrys and it was not too good. I went in to purchase a couple of filets (close to closing time at 5:30) and as I look into the filet mignon section I see a few filets already cut. I tell the butcher that Im here for a couple of filets and he tells me that "these are all I have", meanwhile next to it there is a huge slab of dark red fresh mignon ready to be sliced. What the butcher was trying to do was to sell the precut slabs before they close and not slice into the fresh dark red bigger slab, Strike 1! The next strike was the deal breaker. He grabs the filets with his bear hands (no glove)! And then gives me an attitude when I tell him that I want a different filet then the one originally weighed. This place has tons of meat but it seems like they've been here for a long while and they're "set in there ways". Next time Im going to the Butcher Block on south Rainbow. Sorry Larry, your employee just pissed off a valuable customer.
3 This place is good for inexpensive meats. Nothing real special here however, they're always friendly and knowledgeable. They don't have "Prime" meats only "Choice" but thats how they can keep their prices down.
5 Probably The Best Local Meat-Market in Town!!!! And Being From Louisana it Has Jus About Every Cajun Product You Could Think Including the Hard-To-Find Cajun Sausauge 'Hot Boudin'!!!! Any Louisiana Native Has to Go Here 4 Sure!!! Only Bad thing is they are not open on the weekend.... $10 Minimum on debit & Credit Card Purchases or you are charged a fee....
2 First I must say they have great quality meat. Customer service is fast, But they have a very bad practice of handling meat. I ordered several items where they used wrappers to pick and weigh items. During this they opened a door picked a can off the ground. No problem.  But when I ordered ground sausage, some young person in training just grabbed ground beef with bare hands and weighed it. Ground meat wedged in nails and all, so sick. I asked the person next to him, dont you use gloves?They said its not required for ground meat.C'mon common sense, I dont have to cover my nose when I sneeze either! But we all do. They said they will use gloves if requested, really?  I need to ask. I read reviews below and seen a simular complaint.  This place would be awesome if not for this stupid rule they follow of bare hands. Go to any grocery chain they all use gloves!  Maybe this review will change their practice and I will report back. Again I do like this store, would be 5 stars if not for this.
5 This is the best butcher shop I've been too.  I've been here twice and each time I came, the Wurlitzer of the meat has been top grade.  Price isn't too bad any I love the fact that I can choose how many pieces or how many lbs I want. The guys are friendly and nice. Gave me ideas on how to cook a pre seasoned roast in a crock pot.  I will be back to get my meat here for sure..
4 Welcome to Meat Mecca!  Before we even left Texas, my boo was raving about the meat here- he and a friend used to live in Vegas and apparently came here (to Larry's) so frequently, that anytime we barbequed, they would reminisce about this place.  Fastforward to present day. We moved here like a week ago and have already tried to go by twice- forgetting to check their hours and address, leading to a few disappointments. But we finally made it yesterday afternoon. And I "get it".  Went for a pound of the preseasoned meatloaf, a 1.75 pound sirloin, a pound of the chicken-parsley-cheese sausage, and a couple of stuffed porkchops for good measure. Needless to say, BF is  making dinner for the rest of the week. Oh, and did I mention all of this cost a mere $26, including tax? Killer!  Now, you would think I'd wait til after we ate everything to rave about it, right? Well, I went to bed early (teacher lyfe!), and BF couldn't restrain himself- I woke up to the smell of chicken sausage in the morning, and grabbed a few bites before heading out the door. So, so good! I'm sitting here wishing he'd drop me off a plate for lunch...
5 Popped in today and bought a beautiful Delmonico from Larry's for Valentine's Day dinner. Friendly and fast customer service and the steak was exceptional!
5 This place always has what I need, Very fast and friendly service. Very good "Choice" Beef!
1 I heard great things about this place but when I arrived at 1:54 - 6 minutes before they close on Saturdays - the young woman at the door said they were closed and refused to serve me and another customer (who had even called ahead to make sure they'd be open until 2). Unbelievable. Such poor service.
3 One of the better places to get meat in Vegas, unfortunately that isn't saying much.  Things I have purchased here: ribeye steak, NY steak, Tri tip (seasoned and unseasoned), Beef ribs, pork ribs, Turkey, Chuck Roast  Here are my two main gripes that prevented a 5 star rating  1. Customer service- The few times I have asked for something specific (like getting meat ground to order) they have either flatly refused or been pretty grumpy about the whole process. This was a total shock to me- its not like they were super busy, usually I am the only person in the place. To me this is an important point- its not like the meat they offer is categorically different in quality to what you can get at a grocery store or costco- everyone offers higherend meat now. An actual Butcher Shop needs to be about customer service. Grinding some meat to order takes maybe 2 minutes if you know what you are doing. Trimming down a large roast similarly takes only a few minutes if you know what you are doing. When a customer wants this, and offers to pay for it - this should be a no brainer.   2. Inconsistent meat- I assume this is their responsibility since theoretically they are butchering it all themselves. For instance, if you are a tri-tip afficianado like myself you probably have a pretty good idea about what that cut is supposed to be like- triangle shaped, thick section of fat on one side, about 7 lbs. The tri tips I have gotten here are almost always different- fat on both sides, aesthetically not the right shape etc. I often have gotten the seasoned ones becauset they more closely look like what I want (the seasoning is ok, but not great) than the non seasoned ones- not sure if this is a business choice on their part. Similarly there are different kinds of T-bone steak depending on how far towards the middle you are getting your piece. They seemed to have no knowledge of this and were super annoyed when I asked to take a few out and look at them.   Overall a pretty decent place, especially if you aren't too picky. But if you are a serious food person or have worked as professional chef you will probably find at least some aspects dissapointing.
1 If you list hours of operation you should keep them.  I arrived at 1:25pm and was told they were too slow to stay open so they closed... I would think they would let me in and at least make some money today instead of turning us away.
5 Fantastic and Friendly Service ,Great Quality and Selection ,My Favorite place for Meats condiments ,Gravy Mix ,they have more than meat they have most everything that goes with meat also ,check them out ,my Uncle Recommended .
