2 oh boy, where should i start? first of all the prices are wayy too high for a place that doesnt get much business, it smells strange inside(every time), the russian woman at the front is rude and dumb, its quiet in the restaurant part b/c nobody is ever there(4 people at the most @ once), they have good mongolian beef, orange chicken is too soft, but good. It's just way too high for what it is and the place isnt flattering!
1 I heard about this place a long time ago from my Indonesian friends. I love indonesian food, but unfortunately there is no Indonesian restaurants in town. When I heard about this place, I thought i have to check it out. Although it almost a half year ago, since I went there, i still clearly remember how lame is the food.   When I went there, it was pretty slow, other than us probably only other 2 old couple having their dinner. Decorations of the place is kind of lame, you can see all the furniture is really old, they should probably change it. But, I don't care about furniture that much. I go to restaurants to eat and not to appreciate how good the decorations. I will leave the points for the decorations to other reviewer.  As soon as I got the menu, I right away turned to the Indonesian food section. My eyes were sparkling, I'm pretty sure I dropped a tear just looking at that menu.  Since my friend has no idea about indonesian food, I thought I'll let the server explain it to him. Unfortunately, the server had no idea either. She had never tried any of the food. After a minute or two the server finally recommended one of the dishes. Which was the beef with the coconut curry flavor. I thought I'll give it a try, since that one the server admitted it herself that she knows that one and she knows for sure that is a good dishes. I also ordered some salad and some shrimp dishes.   Once we received our dishes, the beef looked not pleasant in the eyes at all. It looked almost like a mongolian beef with an old leftover gravy put on top of it. When I tried it. All you can taste is coconut milk, you can barely taste any other flavor. It was just horrible. As an indonesian and a human, I feel embarrassed if this is the kind of Indonesian food they serve to human beings. I know this is a chinese restaurant, but If you can't serve indonesian food, then don't put it on the menu! Maybe it was just a wrong day i went, maybe the chef was just not a regular chef that usually knows how to cook Indonesian dishes.   But as my experience for the food, it was not good at all. Out of 3 dishes I ordered. 1 of them 0 star, 2 of them 1.5 star. Average 0.5 star.
2 Came here for lunch a few weeks ago. It was just okay.  The lunch specials for $6.99 seemed to be a good deal. I got the mongolian beef. It came with hot and sour soup, as well as fried rice, a spring roll, and wonton. The food was okay but nothing special.  I'd like to give this place another try, but my first and only experience was so underwhelming that I might not even bother.
4 I actually kind of liked this place. The decorations were simple, but that's not really a bad thing. The room sort of has this green theme going on, with the walls and seating. Some of the seating is a little old, but it's still comfortable. There's a lounge next door/connected to the restaurant, and it was a little loud.They were apparently having some sort of private birthday party and were playing some rap music with a little too much bass.  The price of my dish was really good for the quality. You have to try the mongolian beef! So tasty. The only thing I didn't really like was my hot and sour soup.It was nice and spicy but too thick. A little too much of the cornstarch or whatever for my taste.  For the food and ambiance I can really only give it 3 stars, but because of the awesome waitress that I sat talking to while sipping a delicious (strong!) cocktail bumps it up to 4.
1 I could barely give this empty, deserted restaurant one star. Because the steamed rice was edible, I decided to be fair.   Not only was the hostess on her iPhone the entire time, but I'm pretty sure I could've made a better Chinese dish.  The Sesame Chicken was fried cutlets with a sauce dripped over. Not only were the pieces of chicken dry, but half of it did not have sauce on it.   For a pretty basic meal, I'd say it's a no-go. Also, the hostess needs to put her iPhone away when the ONE guest is in the restaurant.
2 Very typical wishy washy Chinese American food a la panda express.   The big problem is actually eating there. The place looks like its abandoned. Really dim lights. No music. No sound. Its creepy. I can eat in  silence but the combination of the poor lighting is straight up awkward.
2 Pretty clean for a Chinese restaurant. Bathroom was freshly cleaned.  Had Egg Foo Young for lunch, which was OK.  I was the only diner...  Very quiet place.
1 Don't waste your money!! I ordered delivery, my food showed up missing items. I told the delivery guy, he said "I don't know" and left. I called the restaurant and the person who answered said "do you want it next time?" Seriously?! No I paid for it THIS time. She said she would credit my card back for the missing items. (I'll be holding my breath). The food was cold, the egg roll was soggy, the fried rice was burned. The only edible item in the bag was the fortune cookie! Now I remember why I don't try new places. Get your act together Chinese Village!
3 Not a terrible experience, but here it goes.  No customers inside at 5:30pm when I arrived.  Hostess/Server had me pick my own seat.  No background music.  Décor was so-so, some stuff was themed, some not so much.  I ordered Crab Rangoon ($4.95 for 8) and Mongolian Beef dinner ($9.95 I think).  About this time one lady came out and started playing a piano in the middle of the dining room.  Not Asian-themed music, but whatever, some live music was somewhat entertaining.  She played 3 or 4 songs and was done...back to silence.  Crab Rangoons were good.  Mongolian Beef flavor was on point...beef was a little low quality, the kind that is slightly rubbery but easy to chew (sorry, it's hard to describe but I've experienced this from other places too).  While sitting there with no music I could overhear everything.  I overheard the Server speaking with another and explaining that they didn't have all the items on the menu so for them to tell her what they wanted and she would go find out if they had it or not...thought that to be a little off-setting for the customer. The place is connected to a gaming bar/lounge area on the other side of a swing door so they offered a full bar for beverages, but you had the bar customers coming over in to the restaurant to use the restrooms so that would be a negative I felt. Honestly, for the dine-in experience, I would probably choose somewhere else.  While sitting there I saw several people come in and pick up take-out orders.  I could definitely see myself doing take-out though.
4 I've never eaten inside. We've always ordered and picked it up. We've never had any problems with our order and the food is always good. We always get the same thing. Shrimp Egg Foo Yong, Combination Fried Rice, and Egg Rolls.
1 This place is over-priced for the portion size. We tried a couple of different items that were just disappointing.  The only thing that was pretty good was their egg rolls.  They were not those tiny spring rolls, but even so, I have had better,  waste of money.
