1 I recently dealt with this realty group and was shocked at the rudeness, lack of professionalism, and unethical style of conducting business that I experienced. Read the reviews about the level of service to expect there and please heed the warnings. Do not follow in my footsteps. I regret the day that I contacted this company. They are definitely the worst bunch of people that I have met in Las Vegas. The agent name is Ealenor Cheng. So if you call for a property and they refer you to this thing named Cheng be prepared for insults, aggressive behavior, and unethical business practices. I am dead serious about these allegations and am in the process of filing a formal complaint through GLVAR against her.
1 If I could give 0 stars I would. This could possibly be one of the WORST companies I have ever worked with. I rented my house and the fridge, garage and dishwasher were not in working conditions. It took MULTIPLE calls for anyone to come out and fix the things that were broke. When they did call they had an expectation for me to drop everything and be there waiting for them when they were the ones who did not take care of things in the first place. DO NOT rent or work with this company in any regard.
4 We rented a house from Ameri-Dream and were initially a bit worried as there were several minor issues with hot water, light fixtures, sprinkler system, garage door opener, etc. Because of this, I quickly posted a less than stellar review. Happily, I can report that they are really doing a good job. I realize now that the house was likely vacant for several months and that lead to a fairly long list of issues. I received a call to schedule a next day repair visit, within an hour of my emailing our checklist of fixes. My wife is very particular and she found everything to her liking by noon. That's 5 problems all resolved by mid-day. I'm almost tempted to up the score to 5 stars but will give it a couple of months, just to be sure.  Las Vegas has a crazy real estate climate right now... To say nothing of the climate itself. Accordingly, there are things you might encounter here that at first glance seem a tad negative... Credit/background checks, demands for cashiers checks/money orders and maybe a bit higher depost/move in expenses. Plus the weather can wreak havoc on any property over time and there are going to be nice houses that have been left empty for a while.  Give Ameri-Dream a chance... It really looks like they are focusing on customer service.
