4 I live in the area and on the weekends I'm always looking for a fast meal. The $4 Torpedo they have going now can't be beat.
3 Subs are pretty decent.  For the price it's pretty awful.   $6 and change for a 5 inch sub is crazy but I will admit my sub was pretty tasty.
5 I ate her for the first time a few weeks ago. I've been back like 6 times since then! I am hooked on the prime rib dip :) Fast and clean and they also had a groupon going around.
2 I've never been a fan of Quizno's and this location in particular isn't great. The service is always subpar. When we approach the counter I always feel like I'm bothering them. They barely utter a word of greeting and can't seem to be bothered to even crack a smile or ask if we're ready to order. On every occasion I have been here I have to start the interaction which is a little annoying. We came here recently because I'm a Groupon addict and I just can't seem to resist. I'll stick to Firehouse Subs and Subway in the area instead.
1 First of all, this is the ONLY location that's close by!!! This wasn't my first time. I've never been so insulted, or felt UN-WELCOMED EVER! I won't be back again. The only reason we gave this location two tries was, I had to use my $16 Groupon!!  I should of known from the start the staff was HORRIBLE. I was the one who was trying to be polite. I agree with Emily's review completely. They couldn't be bothered to fake a smile! I wish I grabbed this young kid's name working tonight.  FIRST of all, I picked up a meatball marinara COMBO. He was rude to my Mother at check out. Then when we ate, I was going to give a simple yelp review for like 3 stars. The food was GOOD but the people working tonight were miserable. You can see it on their faces. My mother had opened her bag of ruffles & told me to try them. I liked those more than the Sun chips. I put the sun chips back, the female employee was right there. She watched me switch them out.  We're about to leave, as I grab a refill. The young guy behind the counter's like "You gotta pay for that!!". I came back in, told him "What are you talking about? I just switched the bags, I hadn't opened it." He said "Oh our regular costumers come in and open bags & grab new ones." Well it was just really insulting to me, he doesn't know me.  I know granted I was wearing casual clothing, but I DO NOT steal. SIMPLE.  He really pissed me off. No apology, fine I'll take my money to Firehouse Subs.  I hope they're happy that they drive business away. I walked in there at quarter of 6 & the place was EMPTY, as if that wasn't a big enough red flag.  I won't be shocked if they're closed in a few months.
2 Overcharged at every avenue. Boyfriend and I each had the pick 2 salad, sandwich, or flatbread ($6.49) and added combos ($2.19). When we reviewed the receipt, everything was charged individually- a meal that was supposed to be around $16 ended up being $22.  Poor business practice.
