1 Man, these guys are lucky there isn't a 0-star option. Or negatives, even.   I came here earlier today (7/17/2011) because I thought my car battery was dying, and I wanted to replace it. Easy enough, right? No. Allow me to tell you why I'm so unhappy.   I parked right outside their service bays because I thought it'd be easier for them to help me. When I walked in the place and asked the guy for help, he asked me to pull right up to the first bay. So I did. Then I asked me to pull away and closer to the third or fourth bay. So I did. Then they asked me to pull into the first bay again. So I did. Then they asked me to back up again, and then they asked me to park near the bays (where I was in the first place!) while someone got to me. It was insane, man.   Plus, when I spoke to one of the guys there, he said "I hope we get a chance to help you before we close. We close at 6." Well, yes, I hope so too, as it's 5.05pm. Jerks.  I waited in my car until 6:10 pm, when I finally got frustrated and drove away. I will be sending my complaints to someone there to see what they have to say. Also, for the record, I've been coming to this store since 2004. I've never had this kind of problem. It's the kind of the thing that really, really pushes me into becoming an AutoZone person going forward.
1 I had to put off writing this review by a couple of days because I was breathing smoke and fire after my very brief, infuriating experience with these individuals.  As Victor said, they're extremely fortunate not to have a ZERO star option because I would have branded them with such.  I was chauffeuring a friend/coworker around who had just given me a rather frantic phone call that her car had a flat tire with a massive gash, the spare was flat and also had a huge leak, and the air pump at the gas station she pulled into was broken as well.    So we went to this particular Pep Boys at 7:55 to see if they could help us.  We saw them rolling down the garage bay doors on the side so she leaped out and knocked on the glass door.  When she saw them take view of her and TURN AWAY, she ran to the side to see if she could catch them before they closed the bay doors, pleading for some help.  At FIRST they pretended like they didn't see her or ME, waiting in the car glaring at them.  .    THEN the mechanic acted as if he couldn't understand English well enough to help her.    Miraculously, he managed to know enough to inform her, "No, I don't know of any tire places that open, we're closed."  And closed the garage door on her.  She walked back to the car in the rain and we found another location.  I wrote a letter and mailed it off since this is completely unacceptable on a level of human decency let another on the level of a business transaction.    What gets me is that I've gotten decent service at other locations of Pep Boys, such as on Lake Mead and Tenaya.    Dear Pep Boys: -I'm sorry you couldn't be bothered to help a very upset woman in the rain who was pleading for help for a five minute fix that would have taken no time at all in your enormous rush to get home.  We WANTED to give you money.  Bunch of gentlemen you are NOT.-
4 This Pep Boy's location has recently undergone a facelift that has made it a much better place to shop for auto related purchases. In its former state the store was large and well stocked, but on occasion customer service was spotty. This was rarely a problem for me because I have always worked on my own vehicles, so I usually know the part I'm looking for. That being said there were many times that I saw other customers walking the aisles of the store looking for help. The newly configured store seems to have far more staff than they previously did. There was always one clerk ringing up customers, now there are 3-4 at all times. Because the store is now a warehouse, it has been a rarity to find a part that isn't in stock.    Because I do my own work I have only used the service department to get brake rotors and drums resurfaced. The work has always been done correctly and ready when promised.   If you've been turned off by This Pep Boy's location in the past you may want to give it another shot.
4 Can't speak for the service side of this store, but I do shop on the retail side as they always have some interesting motor oil and oil filter sale going on. The last time I went in they had 5 quarts of Valvoline synthetic (usually 8.79/quart) and a filter (usually 5.99) on sale as a package for $29.   The manager at this location has been really accommodating regarding returns & exchanges - sometimes I will buy a part and not have time to work on my car and by the time I realize it is the wrong part, the return period is up. In a couple of these situations, the manager has exchanged the part for me anyway, which is super cool. Always keep your auto part receipts.  If something is on sale at Pep Boys, it is usually a pretty good deal. Regular-priced merchandise here is more expensive or the same price as Wal-Mart. For oil filters I generally prefer WIX filters which are only available at O'Reilly's Auto Parts stores. But Pep Boys has deals on Mobil 1 and Valvoline oil, which I prefer. The oil deals at O'Reilly's are usually on Castrol and Pennzoil.
1 I will never go back to  Pep Boys ever again!!!Their customer service is to say the least......VERY BAD.     Just had a very frustrating experience with them.  I was lured in by a reasonable quote for a Tune Up to be done on my car.  This turned into 3x the amount that I had been originally quoted after all the add-ons.  Damage done I was ready to move on and make the payment.    This is when things got really frustrating for me.  Their credit card service provider is through GE Capital.   I do not yet have my card from them and was advised by GE that there would be no issues with me using my account even though I did not have the physical card on hand.    It turned into a debacle.  The male Service Representative who assisted me throughout  did not know the number  to contact for Merchant Services...neither did anyone else.  He was not willing to go the extra mile, and research the information.  When he asked his Manager for assistance, his manager said,  "I don't know." and walked off.    I,  as a customer got the Merchant Phone Number for them.    How pathetic is that!!!!To top it off he got rather defensive and turned into a smart aleck when I asked him if they had an  alternative plan for customers who have an I.D. but without their Pep Boys Card.    This is after I got the Merchant Services number for him.  He came back with a quip,  "I need  to ask for another method of tendon." With a straight face.  I think he meant TENDER  as tendon in the dictionary is defined as a tissue.    His manner now was that of a D***.  I was an imposition.   He had no intentions of calling the Merchant Services number and wanted his tendon.    He made no attempt to pick up the phone and dial the number I had  provided for him.  I offered him my alternative card and he continued to screw  around with me a little bit more to let me know who was in control of the situation.     Once I advised him that I would no longer be having my car done here ever again,  he finally  decided to call Merchant Services.    He played more games with me, got on the phone,  accused  me of interrupting him,   hung up about 3 times  before he completed my transaction.    Offered me an apology and it was so INSINCERE.  As I made my way out the door, I thought I even overheard him say to another colleague, "There goes another Psycho."   Yes, I wish there was a ZERO star option. When I asked the Manager why his staff had no knowledge of the Merchant Services number, his reply was, "My staff doesn't know everything."     My final impression is that customer service is not a priority.      They only care about getting their  TENDON.....NOW.   These guys truly SUCK!!!!BUYER BEWARE....DO NOT GET YOUR CAR DONE HERE!!!!
4 LOVE the staff and service here! Had to get 4 new tires (buy 3 get one free)....Steve was so helpful, and kudo's to Mark for knowing where all the rebate forms were! Staff is seriously cool, funny and knowledgable! Ask for one of these guys, and you wont go wrong!  The only reason for not giving a 5 star.....not Steve or Marks fault, but got notified that we needed an alingnment (80.00) and we have to take it back in tomorrow 'cause it pulls a little (not like before!) to the left.......For that price, it should have been done before we left.....
1 Here's what this Location (Decatur) did: - Foul #1 - Blatant Sexism when addressing basic car troubles - Foul #2 - Ignored and left to wait around in the cold (with a baby) while they have my truck - Foul #3 - Repeated Blatant Sexism, combined with rude, insistent up-selling.  - Foul #4 - Borderline vehicle sabotage in retaliation to complaints.  Here's the whole Horrible Story story:        I love Pep boys normally, and I would use others. Firstly, I got a very helpful quote from another Pep boys across town about my brakes. The quote I got was low, affordable, clearly wrote out parts and labor, and the service guy took a quick personal look at the truck to see what he could do. Loved it.          I went to this Pep Boys after that, when I had the money to get the work done, as it's closer to my house. After waiting at an empty counter, they doubt my assessment of the brakes, and attempt to suggest other problems. Hubby steps in and says it's the brakes. They take HIS word. Even the hubby said "what the F?" when we left because I know my stuff, and I said everything right.        They do the free brake check, we tell them we have no other car and PLEASE call us when it's done. 3 Hours later, we walk back, during the cold snap. It was done (for over an hour) and they had not bothered to call.          I try to get a quote on how much the brakes will be out of them. Almost double the other locale. I start to attempt to bring down the cost, the guy contradicting me and saying what a bad choice that is (just a smaller package deal and cheaper parts are obviously fine) the whole time. I can't afford it, and I'm selling the truck soon, I tell him, but he goes on insulting my car knowledge, telling me "it won't get cheaper anywhere else then us", and "the cheaper parts won't work right, and they can break", and "why won't you get all four done at once, that's the way you're suppose to do it, this is unsafe", "this is as low as I can make it, really you should get this and this done too, you don't understand."            It was really unbelievable some of the stuff he said. It felt really bad in person to be treated like "a dumb girl", that never really happens to me, and he was insulting me outright and he knew it and kept at it no matter what I said about rotor quality and price...          The manager hears him doing this, and me contradicting him reasonably, and steps in and brings down the quote knowing the guy is losing the sale, and that yes, it's okay to get cheaper parts, and it's not wrong to ask. I walk out saying maybe later, and that the service had not been what I expected.         I foolishly return. Hoping for another customer service representative (Nope!) and with the other Pep Boys quote in hand. Work gets done. Work is shitty and brakes squeal. The service guys ROTATE my tires (I made sure it wasn't listed in the beginning as it should NOT have been done), knowing that I'm about to go cross country and will wear the fronts down faster, and I ruin my now front tires before I figure out what they purposefully did. Sabotage.
1 110/hr for labor ridiculous. Dan is the slowest and most ill informed person I have ever dealt with.
1 This was my worst automotive decision ever.  I was given a horrible customer service. I literally had to freak out and cause a scene in the store. It took over 24 hours to fix my car. I was driving cross-country and needed my window wipers to be unclogged (they stopped producing fluid). THIS IS STILL NOT FIXED. I have to take my car in again this weekend (after driving cross country with this nuisance) and will probably have to take it out on the staff in Melbourne.  The labor per hour rate was $110! Not even Cadillac would have charged me that much. I have used Pep Boys in the past and have NEVER encountered anything this bad.  Ill-informed, inexperienced sales staff. A condescending store manager. Shame on you, Pep Boys. You should reconsider your name, Jerky Boys is 10x more appropriate.
1 Brian was the rudest person I've ever delt with especially because I'm a woman. I want an oil change that's all I need. Not new tires I have a new car. He kept trying to up sale me. My car was towed here and they had the keys he kept trying to take the keys to my other car and didn't understand what keys were for what car. He wouldn't listen rolled his eyes and was beyond rude. Then lost my keys for my car. Then acted like using my boyfriends rewards card was illegal. Worst service ever. I was highly recommended here to talk to some one else and won't be returning due to his attitude. Treated me like a pos because he lost my keys that were already there.
1 The SERVICE department is the worst I have ever seen.  I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt despite all the HORRIBLE reviews I have read not only on this site but many others.  I took my vehicle in to have some repairs done on it and one of the repairs was to fix the tail light.  I told them several times that the problem is something other than the bulb.  The first time I had it there they just went ahead and replaced it anyway.  Then I told them AGAIN its not the problem.  The second time I brought it in I told them to make notes on the paper work that it is NOT THE BULB.  But what did they do?  They replaced it again anyway.  And they didn't even check there work.  I was told to my face that all issues were resolved.  If that was the case then why is my tail light still out?  Never again will I ever ever recommend a pep boys or take my vehicle to one.  The sad thing is that its a company vehicle and we have an account with them.  Sorry guys but after this our accounts will be canceled.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE TAKE THERE VEHICLE THERE!!!!!!!!!!!
5 - I'm in the free Pep Boys Auto Rewards Program which includes bonuses such as: $5 gift cards and discount coupons for making visits/purchases at stores, free tire rotation, free flat tire repair, etc.  Nice that all Pep Boys stores offers these services. http://www.pepboys.com/glovebox/marketingRewards?iCID=HPxBtmLink_rewards - I was in this particular store on Thu/12 Sep to replace a dead Bosch car battery still under the 3-year warranty.  Pep Boys replaced it, no problem.  All I did was show my receipt, bring in my old battery, and I walked out the store with a new Bosch battery.
5 Had some tires put on at this location and just wanted to say they always do a great job and give 110%.
5 I wish to compliment Brian, service department representative at store number 0670 on Decatur Blvd. in Las Vegas.  I was completely impressed with Brain's courtesy during my visit on 04/09/2014, but especially with his knowledge about my vehicles, a 2011 Audi A4. 2007 Lexis RX400h, and my 1988 Jaguar XJ6.   In fact, Brian was completely knowledgeable about the cause of a problem with the Jag's brakes, a part he identified as the "booster," something even the Jaguar dealer was unaware of.  Based on my experience with Brian, I have become an even more loyal Pep Boys customer.  Sincerely, Steve Miller
