4 Wow! I'm shocked. No reviews of this place yet?   The Walking Company, located in the Fashion Show Mall, was where I needed to stop when we were in Vegas last month. My flip flops just weren't cutting it. My feet and back were killing me from all the walking!   The employee who helped us, I think his name was Jamie, was totally cool. Made great suggestions about what would work best for my problems. In the end he recommended a pair of Mephistos. Oh my god! I felt 100 times better walking around in those shoes on the Strip. And they look pretty cute too!   Definitely going to go back for my next pair of shoes. Perfect place for those of us who can't handle heels or have back /feet problems or just prefer to be comfortable! And I'm glad there is one up here in San Francisco!
4 This is actually a 3 1/2 star review - but I didn't feel right only clicking 3 stars.  So the rating says 4 stars, but it's truly 3.5.    So, buying shoes in Vegas is kind of a tradition for me.  We visit once a year and I always like to buy new shoes.  I think it's because we're on vacation and buying stuff is more acceptable on vacation than at home...who knows.  Anyway, I stopped in The Walking Company because they sold Dansko's and I've been extremely interested in Dansko's for awhile now.  I work in the food industry and am on my feet pretty much all day.  There was no one else in the store so I was helped immediately.  I browsed through the Dansko's and picked out the style I wanted to try.  The sales associate decided to "electronically" measure my feet - they plugged this pad into a computer, I stood on it and it told them all kinds of information.  Snazzy.  He picked out my size shoe, I tried them on and immediately fell in love.  The associate showed me how they were made and why they were good for the feet and all that fun stuff, but I didn't care.  My feet were happy and I knew I was going to buy them.  So, the reason why they lost 1 1/2 stars?  Well, the associate kept trying to upsell me to another shoe brand even though I had already decided to purchase the Dansko's.  I felt this was a little rude.  Especially considering I told him that I wanted the shoes and had someone waiting for me and was ready to go.  Also, he had me wait a bit once I had already said I wanted the shoes so he could help someone on the phone.  Not sure but I think the customer in the store takes priority over the customer on the phone.  Or they should.    Luckily, the shoes really sold themselves and I wanted them or else I would have bailed.  And I was impressed by this store being so technologically advanced with their sweet electrical foot measure tool.   So, 3.5 stars - good shoes, OK service.
5 I received excellent service at The Walking Company.  Our sales associate was named Mike.  He has the patience of a saint.   My fiancé needed some shoes for his medical school rotations and he recently developed a bad case of plantar fasciitis.  As a result, we ended up traipsing around the mall, looking for something that would fit the bill without looking completely...orthopedic.  A salesperson at another store suggested that we visit The Walking Company.  We're so glad we did.  Mike took a digital map of my fiancé's foot to locate which shoes might work for him.  Everything he tried on seemed to be a great suggestion.  Mike did a great job suggesting things without being pushy and being patient while my fiancé trotted around in each pair.  He even had my fiancé leave the store and take longer walks several times... just to be sure he loved his shoes.  Rarely have I seen a salesman so genuinely friendly or patient.  My fiancé is fancy and picky - if it were me, I would have wanted to kick him in the face with an orthopedic shoe by the end of the encounter... but not Mike.  After a couple of hours of reflecting upon the experience, I called the manager on duty and let her know how perfect our experience was at The Walking Company, and specifically with Mike.  It's nice to have something to brag about instead of always complaining.  I really recommend checking this place out, specifically if you have foot problems.
4 The BF is on the quest for more comfy shoes for his new job. Regular shoes ain't cutting it and he thought he used to walk a lot before, but now it's just killing him.   They have you step onto a pad that reads your foot pressure so they can suggest shoes and insoles based on evening out those pressure points. Kinda cool. The insoles were uncomfortable, but she was explaining that when your foot has never hit pressure on other points, it's going to feel odd and sensitive. In a way, you have to break in the foot to step in a different way.   The girl was super friendly, detailed and no pressure. The BF wanted to continue searching and researching what is best for him to get the pressure off his back so we didn't grab shoes then, but I think it's a good spot for comfort shoes. It's not cheap as the shoes were $150ish and the insoles were $60, but comfort is a invaluable thing.
