4 Staying near the Strip, I drove a ways off to get away from the "tourist" prices.  This place isn't the best looking, as it is old and they are not exactly crowded during the day.  You can expect to watch the latest soap operas or game shows during your manicure.  Atmoshphere aside, it is clean and they are friendly.  They seemed genuinely happy to have my business and chatted pleasantly.  I got a fill with pink French tips.  It looks great.  They did a great job and it was only$35....I will come back next time I head to Vegas.
4 my family and I were in Vegas celebrating my daughters 21St birthday.r found this shop by accident we actually were suppose to go too another shop.anyway we were greeted Sooo pleasantly. Everyone is sincerely pleasant.Nina is awesome my legs  were hurting from all the walking and I specifically wanted a massage on my feet and legs after my pedicure.wow after that had another great massage on the hands and arms for my manicure.  my hands were rejuvenated after she did my manicure. I highly recommend this place in fact my daughter and I plan on going there every year on our annual Vegas trip.
1 Very unprofessional salon. I went here for a blow dry by Helen. First off, he didn't start my hair till an hour after my scheduled appointment time because there were other people in line that had shorter hair which I guess would take a shorter time. Secondly, the woman that washed my hair had no clue what she was doing ... She got my hair tangled in knots and put a smelly and dirty looking towel over my head as I waited for Helen to begin my hair. And lastly, Helen's blow drying skills were that of a 5 year old. He had no idea how to blow dry curly hair. I was frustrated and disgusted as he ate and did my hair at the same time. Don't recommend this place to anyone.
3 Came here to get a pedicure on my lunch break with a friend.  Seemingly clean environment.  They got started on my pedicure within the first five minutes of walking in, while my friend waited awhile longer as her feet just soaked.  Friendly staff.   I would probably come here again if I go on another lunch break pedicure run.
4 I was a walk in and def treated like a regular. The ladies were really sweet fast and efficient. I needed a pedi and a fill and was out in just over an hour. Score!! If I'm in the area again I'll be sure to check them out. My nails are holding up great so the products they use have to be decent quality!
1 AWFUL!!!! Complete rip off!!!!!! First off the place is filthy and I noticed during my pedi that they were not using new sanitized tools, so I stopped the rude ogre  in the midst of a possible bacteria infection and asked for just a gel polish. 42dollars!!!!!!!! They decided to charge me extra 20 for gel polish. Of course the board on the wall with the prices says five for gel polish, but that did not seem to matter. I had a fill with gel polish and had my 7 yr old daughters nails polished with gel. The total was 100$!!!! According to the board it should have only been 52 dollars!!!!!!!!! But no those prices don't matter!!!!!!!!  My daughters nails were lumpy messed up gel polish, and she sat perfectly still so it was not her and my plain pink gel polished nails and toes are  streaky. NOT WORTH IT!!!! I argued with these horrible woman about the price but they conveniently didn't understand English anymore!!!!!!!!  For real????? Fed up and pissed I threw 100$ on the table  and am telling you ladies to beware!!!!
