5 I can't believe no one has reviewed Piero's. This is a Las Vegas Gem. I've been dining at Piero's since 2000. This is an off strip restaurant, you don't have to walk a mile in a casino to get here.  Piero's has been featured in some major movies Casino for one, and it is a celebrity hide away. It is very unpretentious, you'll see Vegas locals and high rollers and everyone in between. I saw Justin Timberlake here once and Penne from Penne and teller.   OK...now to the food and service. The service is topnotch. Your never without a drink, they even offer bottled water for free not the usual filtered tap. When the bread basket comes it just out of the oven a delish!!!! The menu offers classic Italian and seafood. The Piero's classic is a bone in Veal Parm, I think its like 30 ounces.    This is def a must for people who visit Vegas often and want to get off the strip. It is very old school Vegas, and reservations are a must.   And if you go tell then Lisa from Boston sent you!!!!! Just kidding!!!
5 This is a must eat restaurant if you are hungry and wanting a wonderful service that is different than the typical casino restaurants.  The waiters or as they called themselves the "Captains" are extremely friendly and hilarious.  After a long day of work, this is a best place to chill and relax.  It may look a bit fancy, but the atmosphere and everyone there are very friendly.  Out of all the food that I've tried, the one dish that I am keep coming back for more is the Osso Buco.  It's the best dish there...the meat is sooo soft and tender and if you are up for it, you can try to suck out the bone marrow on that bone...yummm.  I've been working in and out of Vegas for the last 3 years, and every year, I am coming back to this restaurant.  THe price is pretty steep, but it worth every penny to be entertained by the Captains and served with one of the best foods.
1 For some reason, I felt skeptical despite the good reviews here, but my brother (in from Los Angeles) wanted to go and since he'd picked such a great restaurant (The Capital Grille) the day before, I allowed it instead of following my gut.  First, the place is butt ugly. I don't think anything has changed in their in 20 years and in this case, that is not a good thing. Tacky paintings. Bad lighting. Okay whatever.  Service was slow but I'm thinking maybe it's relaxing and not slow. My lemondrop was sour but it tasted of fresh lemon so that was okay. I had a craving for anchovies and asked to have them added to my salad. They brought me a big plate and that was nice because the salad was lacking in flavor, so the anchovy turned out to be helpful.  Slowly on to the main course...I ordered an osso bucco that was supposed to be their house specialty. It's braised all day and served in a red wine reduction.  But while waiting for the food, I'm realizing that the heat is becoming stifling. I ask the waiter and he says the a/c has failed. (Uh, it's 105 degrees outside, if you have no air, maybe you need to shut down.) He asks about moving but since no one else at my table seems to be complaining and we've already had our salads, I say no. (I should have said yes.) They bring a fan out and it does help a bit.  It turns out the air was out in one dining room. There is a second dining room where it's on but I didn't understand that when he offered to move us. By the time I'm realizing something is seriously wrong, my whole table is griping about the heat.  We ate our meal in hot misery. At best, everyone's dish was mediocre. Mine was overly salty. The rigatoni tasted like homemade, but homemade by someone who wasn't a very good cook. My brother's pasta with shellfish was bland.  The heat is rising.  I get up to use the restroom and complain about the heat. The guy doesn't know what I'm even talking about and points me to someone I assume is the manager.  The manager says, "well, have you already eaten? Then what do you want me to do about it?"  He's surly and confrontational. I don't know that I was looking to DO anything in particular, but I wanted to know why they had seated people in a room with no a/c when they had another dining room with functional a/c.  Manager, "it went out. What are we going to do? Announce to everyone that it's out? No, we want you to enjoy your meal in peace."  Uh..."enjoy meal" and no a/c in Las Vegas in July are two things that do not go together.  I walked away from Mr Surly vowing to never go back.  At $30-35/entree, mediocre food, surly manager, no a/c, ugly (I mean butt ugly) decor, and apparently a near fist fight in the parking lot (I didn't see it...someone who was with us went out to smoke and saw it), I would not only never go back, but would tell you you'd be a fool to go.  Bah! The topper that made the worst taste in my mouth was really the manager. It's rare to encounter someone that nasty in a food service industry.  One of the all time worst meals I've ever had. If I could give it negative stars, I would.  If you want great Italian at a better price, go to Pasta Mia. If you want great Italian at a more expensive price, go to Valentino's.
5 Wonderful. From beginning to end. The ambience, decor, and service is second to none! Now I know why this place has existed forever.   Appetizer: Steamed artichoke: Perfectly cooked with a nice bread crumb mixture over it and a nice balsamic dressing.  Salad: Caesar. Nicely dressed with fresh parmesan.  Entree: Prime bone in ribeye Cooked to a perfect medium-rare. And it had a flawless char! And the augratin potatoes were delicious.  Cocktails: The ketel sodas were amazing!  5 stars because all around visit was flawless.
5 I'm writing this as I wait for our flight back home on my new iPhone. Ooh, almost instant reviews! Nah, just bored and wanted to try some writing on the tiny keyboard.  Anyway, back to the topic at hand. Originally we had reservations for new  year's eve but because Las Vegas Blvd was closed, we decided to push it back a day. A very unassuming exterior and a simple and charming interior. Wait staff were very professional. We started out with the Avacado and shrimp and Anchovie salads. Entrees were Osso Bocco with a 3 1/2 inch long bone with a generous serving of pasta and the Vitello del chef (scaloppine with cheese and red peppers). All were very good and large portioned.  Though off the strip and not  trendy, do give them a try!  There, alittle longer to type but manageable.
4 Great vibe, very old school, like a little time machine (with red sauce).  Pricey, but good sized portions.  No cutting edge cuisine, stick to the basics.  Be sure and stop at the bar before and have a stiff belt.  Ask the server what is fresh, and you'll get an honest answer.
5 Wonderful food and service.  A must try when in LV!!!!!
5 This is my absolute favorite restaurant! My husband and I make 4 trips to LV a year, and we would NEVER go anywhere else. I love this place b/c their is no hype or pretense, unlike the big name places on the strip. No "celebrity chef" or "ultra lounge" to draw in the masses- just top quality food and world class service.  Awesome, delicate,  freshly-made dishes and the best seafood around (Lobster Ravioli to die for!!).  Yes, it is dressy and expensive, but the entire expereince- from the hostess remembering your name, to the excellent bar, to the attentive wait staff, to the out of this world food- is worth it!  This is not your "Spaghetti Warehouse" type of Italian food, so if that is what you like, go somewhere else.  Be sure to make a reservation, dress well, and always tip well!!  They work their butts off and deserve it!!
4 A classic in Las Vegas, has been here for years. It is traditional in decor, wait staff in tuxes, white linen tablecloths, etc.. Stop at the bar for a classic cocktail first. You'll possibly see notable hollywood stars, casino moguls- certainly the mayor of LV, Oscar Goodman. But, your service and food quality and presentation won't be altered by all that. It is great. Be sure to quizz your waiter about  the specials and what he liked from the staff's nightly tastings. It  isn't an inexpensive place, but if your worried about money, stay home.
4 Yelp helped me find the place for a business meeting, everyone loved it. The food was AMAZING. I would call it more of an American Steakhouse that does Italian well. I had the Tasmanian Trout and it was perfect (who even knew Tasmania had Trout?). Our server was fun, the service was incredible and overall I was very impressed.
4 My shrimp scampi was delicious, and two people in my party got the largest servings of ahi I think I've ever seen served in a restaurant. extensive wine menu! great selections of food! lots of specials running for the night... all around a great place.  It was really a lovely, relaxing restaurant stop off-strip. I recommend it for sure!
5 Mesmerized!   We decided to come here since the place we wanted to check out at the Bellagio had closed. And of course, Piero's never lets down.   We started with apps, and went all the way!   Calamari: Fried to perfection. Marinara sauce on the side was good, but a bit overpowering for the tiny morsels.   BB-Q Shrimp with a spicy sauce: Though not a shrimp fan, these things were cooked just right and had a kick ass sauce to drench bread in! I thoroughly enjoyed.   Maui Onion and Anchovy Salad with Tomatoes: I can't stand raw tomatoes whatsoever, but I had to give 'em a chance, and this salad was delish. The white anchovies and sweet onions paired perfectly with the diced tomatoes. The tomatoes almost seemd slightly cookedm they didn't seem raw at all!   Veal Saltimbocca: 5 stars! The veal, wrapped in sage and prosciutto were sauteed perfectly, and the prosciutto was very generous, not just some skimpy piece most places give. And the Garlic Mashed potatoes were silky and velvety, and stayed this way the entire meal. Most places they get hard due to excess butter and the like.   Desserts: Chocolate cake, creme brulee, and tiramisu. All looked fantastic, though I didn't try.   Their espresso I had was prepared perfectly though.  Piero's really exemplifies what a true fine dining restaurant is really about. From start to finish, it's always flawless. The staff: friendly and not pushy or overbearing.   Yes, it's not all fancy n bling bling. But it's 'ol skool, Vegas style.   This place sets the bar for others to follow!
4 Make reservations for this off the strip, been here since the rat pack, freaking awesome experience.  This place is authentic AND service makes you feel like a million bucks.  Wine list is extensive.
5 Wir besuchen regelmässig eine Messe in Las Vegas - das bedingt natürlich mit Kunden Essen zu gehen müssen. In der Regel ist es in Las Vegas teuer, laut, aufdringlicher Service und viel zu viel auf dem Teller. Dabei höchstens gutes Mittelmaß in der Qualität der Zutaten und/Zubereitung. Das Piero's ist da eine löbliche Ausnahme. Jaja, es ist seit über 10 Jahren Las Vegas number one, in Vegas ist alles etwas lauter und marktschreierisch - aber man sollte trotzdem in's Pieros gehen.  Empfang an der Bar sehr zuvorkommens, hier haben wir unseren Apero genommen und es dauerte nicht lange bis unser Tisch frei war (ca. 10 Minuten). Das Interieur ist sehr gediegen, plüschig und geschmackvoll. Serive aufmerksam, wohltuend im Hintergrund. Wie in USA üblich rasselt der Kellner in gut einstudiertem Italo-Englisch alles herunter was es so ausserhalb der Karte gibt. Wir haben die Hälfte verstanden und etwas heruasgepickt was schmeckt. Als Wein kommen mehrere Flaschen vorzüglicher Barolo auf den Tisch, ich konnte den hausgemachten Pasta in Salbeibutter zur Vorspeise nicht widerstehen, danach Schwertfisch mit knackigem Gemüse und Risotto Reis. Als Nachtisch Espresso und ein guter, nicht zu teurer aber um so besserer Grappa. Das Essen war auf den Punkt genau gegart, die Küche hat's drauf und der Service erst recht damit es auch rechtzeitig an den Tisch kommt.  Essen ist hier ein Erlebnis, und auch wenn man wie üblich die Rechnung unaufgefordert bekommt wenn man nichts mehr bestellt so kommt doch fast so etwas wie Gemütlichkeit in den sonst so hektischen US Restaurants auf. Billig ist es nicht: mit 120USD pro Nase sollte man mind. rechnen. Nett: sie haben immer eine Limo davor stehen die einen dann zum jeweiligen Hotel bringt. Fahrpreis nach gusto, man sollte dem Fahrer so 20USD geben.
3 I actually ate here then watched Casino. It fits the movie to a T. I got the special which was a white fish and it was light, crispy on outside and flaky on inside. It was very delicious. My bf got a steak which he did not like very much. It's a cool vegas spot for an old school vegas feel.
4 This is was nice surprise. This we suggested by a friend's coworker. I would have never known about this place if not by word of mouth. A bit off the strip near the Las Vegas Convention center. We walk in and the mood is chill and on the upscale side. Definitely want to wear something nice to this restaurant. A classic, old Vegas atmosphere.  We were in a large group of 12. The restaurant was a little over half filled so you can tell it was a popular place. The service was prompt and great, the menu looked very good, and the specials of the day made it hard to choose a dish. I ended up with the Osso Buco, a veal shank with bone marrow and fresh egg noodles and creme sauce. The whole dish was very tasty. The shank meat was very tender and flavorful. The egg noodles were just right and the bone marrow was the highlight.   Other dishes that were enjoyed by our group was a thick cut sword fish, lobster and chicken. Prices vary but can easily get up there, especially with the specials.   I definitely will go back and highly recommend, if you want a change of pace from the Vegas strip feel.
4 Last Thursday night we went to Piero's upon the suggestion of a coworker, who loves this place above all. I did not know what to expect and was surprised when my husband instantly recognized it as the restaurant from his favorite movie CASINO. I thought that the decor was very reminiscent of old Las Vegas and the waiting staff did take great care of us. I ordered a special - almond encrusted sea bass with mashed potatoes and green beans, and my husband has the seafood linguini. I thought that the food was very good. The fish was moist, the pasta al dente, and everything was well seasoned.  Yes, I would go there again and yes, I would recommend Piero's to a friend. My suggestion to you is: dress up and enjoy a night out in old Las Vegas.
3 Piero's claims to be Las Vegas's BEST Italian restaurant.  I think it was only OK.  If you're looking for fine dining gems off-strip, I would suggest going elsewhere.    We were here for a business dinner during CES.  There was 5 of us in the party, with reservations.  We were promptly seated, and the service from the waitress was good - she was friendly and knowledgeable.  I ordered the veal osso bucco, supposedly a 27-yo recipe.  The food literally took over an hour to arrive.  When the food finally arrived, this 27-yo recipe was a huge disappointment.  The veal was tender, but definitely lacked flavor.  To makeup for the food being late, our waitress gave us a free dessert offering.    Overall, this expensive restaurant was expensive, but not worth the time nor money.  If it wasn't for the service, I would have given this place a lower rating.
2 We were at CES at the convention center and had a reservation for 6:30pm. They had us wait in the bar but seated us quickly. We had lots of bread and after 40 minutes I asked one of the people wandering by if they could find our waiter so we could order. Our waiter showed up and was informative and took our order. I ordered Osso Bucco so did 2 of the other 4 people. When it finally arrived it was tender but with very little taste. Very Bland! The cost was very high and we had much better meals the rest of our time in LV. To be fair my associate had the eggplant and said it was good. If you do go stay away from the specials and be prepared to pay quite a bit.
4 For a night on the town in Vegas, we opted for an off the strip Old Vegas style restaurant. My brother raved about this place and told us of the great food and Old Vegas charm.   Our reservation was at 8pm and before we were seated we headed for the bar. The bar was a separate room and there was a piano and a lounge singer on the corner which reminded me of Frank Sinatra. He sang the classics: Fly me to the Moon, Luck Be a Lady...I was transported in another time, a glimpse of that Old Vegas that is now hard to find amongst the new glitz and glitter that Vegas has now become.   The cocktails at the bar was served stiff but expect steep prices...my hubby's kettle and soda was $12 and my wine was $15.   The servers, hostess and lounge singer all seemed like a character from an old movie...they were older, very proper, but with an Italian flair so much like those I would see in Sopranos, minus the gangster attitude.  Our waiter who greeted us was very friendly and told us about the specials. He mesmerized my group with his explanation of the food. he had a great italian 'soprano" accent and a pompador hair which he kept in character the whole time.   I ordered the Osso Bucco, a special of Pieros and a dish I have never had and most of my friends ordered veal. It seems veal is the way to go here, as the menu is full of veal.   All I can say is everyone in our table ooh'd and aah'd over the food. My osso bucco was cooked for 4-6 hrs with the bone intact and my waiter stuck a little fork in the bone as I realized Im to eat the bone marrow! Cool I never had that before. The veal is tender, flavorful, and the bone marrow is unforgettable. My hubby's veal with quartered mushrooms, capers and wine butter sauce was also amazing. I couldn't help but be greedy as I ate from his plate too.   This place is an experience in its own...receiving many accolades and culinary awards. its not the glitzy in-your-face-Vegas so don't expect a contemporary and ultra modern space. It is fine dining but it is unpretentious, has a dated feel with an old vegas charm. I loved the food here and I am planning to come back and have another chance at the menu.
4 Love the old school Vegas vibe of this place.  It's like someone could get whacked at anytime here...in a good way!!  Went with the house specialty, osso buco and loved every tender bit of it!  Too bad you can't order extra marrow on the side.  I feel guilty eating veal for about 30 seconds and get over it.    The cocktail lounge is awesome.  This would definitely be the place to get a martini.  Too bad for me I go looney after 3 and wanted to remember this meal.  They had a duet cranking out all the oldies which really took you back to a different time in Vegas.  Good stuff.    I'll still reserve Ferraro's as the best Italian place I've been to in LV but the ambiance and food really make this place one of a kind around here.
4 We ate here when in town for a conference. It was a very nice place. Excellent service, wine, ambiance and food.  I was expecting the place to be a bit more "Italian," but that is probably my own ignorance. No worries though, I ordered the fillet and was absolutely not disappointed. I have had better (eeee face) but do not get me wrong, this was quite tasty.
3 Sometimes I wish I wouldn't use Yelp to pick "the one place" to splurge. I find I am often very disappointed. There were other restaurants more highly rated than this, yes, but I had hoped to find a balance between good food, great service and reasonable price. Not cheap, just not ridiculous as many of the higher rated places were. And, not French.   So, we chose Piero's. First, the place was nice. Not stuffy or formal but classy. We were eating early so it was very quiet when we came in but filled up quickly. Second, the server was gracious and jovial. No real complaints about that. Third, the food was good. But just good. I wanted something to knock me down with it's amazingness, but that did not happen. Not that I didn't scarf down every morsel, but I feel I've had as good at other places. Portion sizes were large but not stupidly large like many Italian places.   It didn't help that the women seated next to us were loud and talking of things more suited to a private space, kind of killed the romantic mood I had hoped for. Nor did it help that there was a small child who clearly wanted to leave in the next room over for most of the meal.   Again, I shouldn't be so hard on a place that fails to live up to some imaginary perfection I often expect. But I will visit another restaurant for my "splurge" place next time.
4 In Las Vegas by myself, I was craving a good steak but didn't want to go to one of the many steakhouses in Las Vegas. My hotel was right next to Piero's so I walked over and sat at the bar for service. The bartender made me a great martini and I ordered a New York Strip Steak. It came with a great house salad, correctly cooked broccoli and rice pilaf. The Steak was cooked perfect (medium rare) and the service was great. Over the years I've eaten here four or five times and always had a great meal. If you are in Las Vegas, treat yourself to this Las Vegas landmark.
5 My wife and I went to Vegas this weekend thinking that Rosewood Grill would be the place to hit.  To our surprise it is gone and then we remembered a good meal at Pieros we had a couple of years ago.  The food was better than last time and the service was great.  We had the Osa Bucco and veal parm and both were great and a large portions that neither of us could finish.  Would rec to anyone who loves to eat and a decent price for what we got.
5 It's been along time since I had a meal at Piero's, but when I think Osso Bucco - I think Piero's.  Their's is where the bar has been set and rarely met....  Fantastic vibe, fantastic atmosphere... gotta love the charm! And, gotta love that this is one of the key backdrops used in the film "Casino".
5 We love Piero's.  My Vegas gang, intact since the mid-80s, tries to make Piero's a stop each time we're in town.  We've settled into arriving early and eating in the bar, which is a great experience.  Lots of regulars, including some old timers who have been in town forever, and make for some great conversations about "how things were".  The food is always outstanding (particularly the Osso Bucco), the service at the bar is friendly and fast, and the last 2 times we've been there, the same Sinatra-esque lounge lizard has performed, making for the perfect atmosphere for throwing back a few belts before heading out to the casinos for a weekend of Vegas delights.    If you like an old-school type of joint, off the strip and largely devoid of tourists, Piero's is a must-visit.
4 My wife and I went here for our 10 year anniversary at the recommendation of my pops.  Said it's a "reasonable" Italian place with great food.  I don't know what planet he's on, but reasonable is not the first thing that comes to mind... it is a high ticket place... min. plate is $40... wine list starts at $50 a bottle... plus $50 corkage fee.  My Makers Mark on the rocks was a $19 drink.  With that said, that was some good Italian food.  The service was amazing, the ambiance was bang up good... and to boot there was a guy railing on Harry Reid at the table next.  Excellent!  My advice, "getter dun", but come packing some cash.
4 No trip to Vegas is complete without a trip to Piero's. Named the "Best Italian Restaurant" in Las Vegas for 10 years straight, come visit the place where Wayne Newton and Jerry Lewis dine frequently, along with Las Vegas heavy weights.   I LOVE Piero's.   Seriously, this is one of my favorite restaurants in the world. From the ambiance, PERFECT food, impeccable service, tuxedoed waiters, and old school decor.   First off, the food. EVERYTHING is amazing. the Osso Bucco will melt in your mouth. Best cream corn I have ever had, and I have the recipe to make it myself at home (Not that I ever had). Swordfish, amazing. Save room for dessert!  The ambiance: Dark wood. Roomy booths. Open bar. A room dedicated to UNLV coach Jerry Tarkanian.  I have been here on Monday nights, which seems to be "locals night" and have had a great time with all of the local Italians. If you are looking for a cool, trendy YOUNG place...you will not be happy here. If you need some cool nostalgia, amazing Italian food and a change of scenery from the typical scene of the Las Vegas strip, you have hit the jackpot.
5 I LOVE Piero's.   Seriously, this is one of my favorite restaurants in the world. From the ambiance, PERFECT food, impeccable service and old school decor.   First off, the food. EVERYTHING is amazing. the Osso Bucco will melt in your mouth. Best cream corn I have ever had, and I have the recipe to make it myself at home (Not that I ever had).   The ambiance: Dark wood. Roomy booths. Open bar. A room dedicated to UNLV coach Kakorian.  I have been here on Monday nights, which seems to be "locals night" and have had a great time.
5 I went here for a holiday office party. It wasn't my offichttps://media3.px.yelpcdn.com/static/20101216/i/ico/star_big_4.gife, but I love parties of any kind, so i thought "why  not?" I'm loving the dimly lit atmosphere of this place! Also, the servers were as friendly as it gets, and they were quite knowledgeable on the menu. The service was excellent and attentive. Crusty sourdough loaves were promptly placed on the table and the house salad was exceptionally tasty as well.  For my entree I had the Linguini Portofino which contained the most succulent, candy-sweet scallops that I've probably ever tasted. The seafood was cooked to perfection! However, it seems the hit of the night was the gargantuan slab of red meat known as their Prime rIb special that had everyone's mouth watering (i don't eat red meat or pork, so I can't vouch for the taste). I swear the size of that prime rib would've put Fred Flintstone's brontosaurus ribs to shame!   Anyhow, for dessert I had the coconut sorbet and mixed berries. Heaven on a spoon!   Yay! They had my Hendricks gin martinis, and that made me oh-so happy!  Of course I was the life of the office party (even though I didn't know anyone and my career isn't even remotely affiliated with dermatology! haha!)  Come to this place to escape the hustle and bustle of the strip and  to be catered to with the utmost friendly service. I've gotta come back and check out the piano bar. It looked like an awesome scene!   Um, I still don't get the whole "fish market" thing though. Hmmm....
2 I'll start by saying DW and I love Piero's.  Our first experience with Piero's was in 2009 and it could not have been better.  Food was excellent and service was spot on.  During our visit to Las Vegas last week we returned.  A table of 6, entrees all around, two bottles of wine.  The food was excellent and served on time.  The service however was very poor.  Water glasses went unfilled half way through the meal.  Found out when we received the bill that rather than ask "bottled water or tap" they poured bottled and tried to stick us with the $11 up charge.  I had to call the watier back after our appetizers arrived to order the first bottle of wine.  I ordered the second when the entrees arrived.  Bottom line the food is still 4 to 5 stars but the service on our recent visit was 2 star, thus the rating.
2 We recently had dinner here as a party of 6. First off this restaurant is in serious need of a facelift. It's decor is not only very dated but a bit shabby. Second the service is slow. Our reservation was for 8:00pm and we didn't order until 9:00pm. While some of the staff were courteous and efficent our waiter didn't seem particulary enthused to interact or wait on us. He read off the nightly specials with a dizzying speed that left most of us questioning what was what. I orderd one of the fish specials because I recalled that it had lemon and capers. When my dinner finally arrived approximately 90 minutes into the dining experience it neither tasted of lemon or had a single caper on it. After that long of a wait I wasn't sending it back. It was overall cooked perfectly but very bland. My husband's opinion of his entree (Pollo Al Carciofi) was the same, perfectly cooked but a little bland and boring.    The wine list is extensive but expensive, bottles start in the $70.00 range and go up over $2000.00.  If you are interested in bringing your own bottle the corkage fee is $50.00 which was literally barked at us when we brought in a bottle as a gift which we had not planned to open there.  Lastly the restaurant was NOISY. Noisy to the point of nearly ruining our dining experience. Between two large gin soaked parties and the live music entertainment I had trouble following conversation at our own table.   If you are looking for a special evening out there are far too many choices in this town to settle for mediocrity.
4 3.75 if you wanna be technical. Good fine dining food. Nothing I would write home about or even yelp (oh wait..) anyway I got Veal with sage tasted very buttery and not to sagey.   Hubby got osso bucco-i should have gotten that-tender. The 'rents got veal chop that looked really good and chicken that looked meh.
4 Piero's is a solid go-to for traditional Italian in Vegas. I like that it's not a chain. It has an old-school feel inside with dark lighting and white tablecloths. The waiters are dressed to the nines and act very formal (in a good way). Here is what we ordered:  -glasses of prosecco -proscuitto and melon -"garbage" (Piero's connotation, not mine) caesar salad (meaning it has alot of ingredients in it: avocado, shrimp, etc.) -house salad -fettucine alfredo -veal osso bucco (also comes with a side of fettucine noodles in the osso bucco sauce)  Everything was delicious, especially the veal osso bucco. You definitely don't need a knife. Service was spot-on. I knock off one star because the fettucine alfredo, although delicious, comes in a distant second to the fettucine alfredo at Il Mulino in south Florida.
5 Wonderful classic Italian delight. You can not go wrong with anything. One of our all rime favorites anywhere.
4 On a whim. We suddenly just dropped by this place on a hot July evening. We sat at the bar area in a cozy booth. It's a really nice place. I was very comfortable. Service was prompt, warm and friendly. Now...let's go straight to the food!!  Oso Bucco...yummy. Marrow is so heavenly. The seasoning was a little too light for me. I like well flavored meat. Don't get me wrong, it is very good. The meat was tender.  Fetuccini Alfredo was amazing!!!! Rich sauce ....one of the best pasta dishes I experienced. You have to try this entree.  Filet Mignon...well cooked. It was ok but not the star of the show. I was too inebriated to tell if it was prime meat.   We had a side dish of sweet corn. Which was awesome. I love corn. Who doesn't ?  It's a tad pricey but well worth it. It's a good place for a special occasion.
5 Dans cet amas de junk food, vous cherchez de la cuisine saine ? Vaguement européenne ?  Go there !!!
5 We came here for dinner during Restaurant Week and had a great experience.  The decor and atmosphere felt very old school Vegas.  To start I had the spinach and ricotta ravioli which was pretty tasty.   I went with the Osso Bucco per our waiter's recommendation and he was right on.  It was phenomenal, the meat was tender and the marrow was so yummy.  My dad had the "La Zuppa Di Pesce" and it looked fantastic as well.  I didn't get to try it as I was stuffed after devouring the Osso Bucco, but my dad loved it and they definitely don't skimp on the shellfish.  If you're in the mood to get off the strip or just want to try a new place, I would highly recommend Piero's as the food is fantastic and the service is top notch.
4 We ate there on Thursday.  Freddie Glessmen greated us warmly, chatted, and sent over some complimentary appetizers.  The steak was perfect, flavorful, tender, and delicious.  The penne ala vodka was good.  The sword fish a bit overdone.  Service was prompt but some of the staff under trained.  If the busboy put his elbow in my face one more time I was going to practice my jujitsu.
3 Classic Old School Italian Dining, with the entire staff right out of Central Casting for name your Cliché Mob Movie.  2 of Us arrived early for dinner awaiting our friends for dinner and enjoyed a drink at the bar in the bar room, where our bartender Don told us of the long history of Piero's where Stone &  Dinero Sat during the filming of the movie Casino, showed us the wine list that included the various celebrities that have graced the place and gave us basically a rundown of Old School Vegas which we were about to experience.  Going in at this point I was ready for action.  5 of us tonight for dinner and we had eaten a little bit earlier so we were not starving by any means.  Wine ordered and consumed and there were some truly great values on the wine list, I'm talking some unknowns with great vintages that we did not get to but were certainly priced right. Our Sommelier suggested the second bottle which was Ok but smelled like a NJ shore house being opened for the 1st time after winter. MUSTY was the only way to describe it and it was fine after decanting, but certainly NOT $150.00 per bottle.  I'll choose my own wine next time thank you.   Appetizers for the table were MOZZARELLA FRITTA 13 Mozzarella cheese, crisply fried, with anchovies, garlic, and parsley, A house Special Cesar "GARBAGE" salad which contained chunks of crabmeat and anchovies and some other things & Fresh steamed clams with a light sauce. And 1 order of pasta FETTUCCINE A MODO MIO 26 Fresh egg noodles with broccoli, porcini mushrooms, pancetta, cream and a touch of tomato.  Couple of House salads were also served that came with the meal and they were fresh, cold and with a house lemon oil vinegar type mix.  All and all the appetizers were excellent and the fresh bread replaced readily.   Moving on to the Entrees 2 House special Veal Osso Buco's served with stock sauce and Fettuccini, 1 Veal SALTIMBOCCA ALLA ROMANA 36 Veal and prosciutto, sage, and white wine 1 VITELLO "DEL CHEF" 36 A veal dish of scaloppini, sautéed in light egg batter, topped with red bell peppers, prosciutto, and cheese & 1 SCALOPPINE PARMIGIANA 36 Sautéed veal with plum tomato, glazed with mozzarella and parmesan.  The Entrees were all from a 1-10 scale about a 7.  I found the pasta to be slightly overcooked and the veal although milk fed and very tender the sauce lacking in any type of standout tastes.   Some coffee & espressos consumed passing on desert.  Bill was reasonable considering amount of food consumed and service was top notch though the female sommelier from New Hampshire was pleasant but a bit of a stand ovish person when we tried to joke around with her. SMILE A LITTLE it might make you less miserable.   All and all I'd go back as it was better than average but then again you're talking about a city that has so many restaurant options I tend unless blown away to try to different places. Definitely go once the staff and ambiance are worth the visit.
3 Great atmosphere. Food was.exceptionally bland.
4 Nice off-the-strip break from casino craziness.  Like other reviewers have said, the decor is comfortable, old school Vegas.  You feel like someone could walk in with a machine gun at any minute, I mean that in a good way :)  Enjoyed everything we ate.  I especially liked one of the specials- spinach stuffed ravioli in alfredo.  And they brought a side of sweet cream corn even though we didn't order it, it was really yummy.  Great bread, extensive wine selection, friendly and attentive service.  I liked that we got there early for a drink in the bar.  Big and strong martinis, Prosecco- yum, dark and comfortable, what I'd imagine a Vegas bar was like in the 60s.  They actually have two bars, look pretty much the same.   Restaurant and bars were pretty empty when we got there at 5:45, but packed when we left at 8, so make a reservation.
5 A must eat place in vegas, this is old vegas, great italian, but you can eat a steak or stone crabs if you want.  Must get the osso bucco and the creamed corn.  If you are on a date get a booth
5 This place is great! I feel like I am being transported back in time from the decor to the crowd it all screams old Vegas!
2 After finding out that this was the "it spot" for mobsters from Chicago back in the day and reading the reviews, my husband and I were dying for some good Italian food. Growing up in CT (between Boston and NYC), we have had the privilege of eating great Italian food.       Our waiter, Marc, was excellent. The bread was tasty. Salads were bland and tasteless. A lot of reviews talked about spinach raviolis in cream sauce. It was the highlight of our meal (as was the creamed corn).  The veal shank (Osso bucco) was fork tender but bland. My husband ordered a chicken and eggplant dish which was equally forgettable and had it returned.       Honestly, there has to be better Italian food or Vegas is in trouble. Save your money on this one.
5 I've been to Piero's several times and have NEVER been disappointed. Whenever I'm there, I opt for a Veal dish. They're known for their Osso Buco, which is delicious. The bread is ok, nothing special, but they do have something called a Garbage Caesar Salad. If you like Caesar, this is awesome. It has shrimp, hearts of palm, and all kinds of other good stuff. It's a very warm atmosphere and I highly recommend it.
5 Piero's is like going out but staying home and having an awesome meal, a real martini (in a real martini glass, not those little glasses you get everywhere else).  Their Ribeye is one of the best in town...the creamed corn is AMAZING... the pasta dishes are sooo good! The shrimp gamber app (basically grilled shrimp and white beans) is one of my favorites! If you become a regular, you will learn about the secret off menu items...can't give those away here - sorry.
5 Fabulous Italian food, and wonderful Old Vegas ambience.  All had chicken dishes and no one was disappointed.. Impeccable service - the bread was to die for. We were staying nearby and decided to go here because my husband's daughter, who lives in LV, had heard it was good. It was amazing....and packed by 7 pm on a weeknight.  We had made a reservation.
4 Alright, Vegas, Vegas Vegas first thing comes to mind is the night I had dinner in this beautiful Italian cuisine!  Huge Fan of italian food, at times people think or mistake my arab personal altitude as if I was an italian bc its all I talk bout and eat!   On a serious note, this place is truly my gang vegas restaurant.  Reservation is a Must don't do the mistake I did and just walk-in to the place and act like a Mobster thinking I could myself get a table by tipping them! Seriously it own't work, call in ahead and play it safe...  Me and the Wify we started with their signature salad i swear to God two bites and it was over! but wow the taste was just as they say "Party in my mouth" but yet if i was a goomba I sure wouldn't be saying that! we ordered their "insalata caprese " and for the main entrees I had (nodino) and the wife had (fettuccine alfredo) and of course wine on the side. It was picked out by the waiter awesome choice) TRUST him he will bring you the best wine in the house if you ask Nicely.   Overall, had a great night enjoyed a great romantic dinner in Vegas. FYI: This is the same restaurant frank sinatra would come and eat at, i heard it was his favorite the man was a legend yet with great taste. True Hero!
3 It's fun getting off the Strip in Vegas when you have the chance.  Piero's was just a short cab ride from the Wynn where I was staying.  I'm a bar guy and sat at the bar last Thursday night for dinner.  Like others have said this place has a classic retro Vegas feel.  My Caesar salad, steak and creamed corn were very good.  My only rough spot was when they brought out my steak half way through my salad.  That's a major no-no in my book.  This place has been around forever and is still going strong.  It's fun to see the owner schmoozing with the guests.  If you're an attractive woman you're sure to get some attention from him!
4 There is a lot I like about this classic old school restaurant, you know your in for a good experienrigorous the mandatory valet parking.  The bar is a classic, dim but not to dark a well dressed bartender greets you and mixes great drinks...great service. When you check in for you table you are met by a gentleman whom I think is the owner, again well dressed very respectful and sat us promptly.  Now for the food....I went with a large group so I was able to taste a couple of different dishes.  The  prosciutto with melon was a nice light start,  The signature salad was absolutely delicious followed by their famous Osso buoco, very tender and a nice light flavorful sauce.  The veal Milanese was crispy onthe outside and a flavorful tender inside you didn't even need a knife. The deserts ...cheesecake was excellent as was the creme  bule.  Overall this Italian restaurant is a great alternative off the strip, my only suggestion.... You need to have a meatball appitizer on your menu...Really!  Definetly try this place you will not be disappointed.
5 I had the filetto al pepe (filet mignon with green peppercorns). Medium cooked. The steak was huge. Sauce comes on the side. It was tender, very flavorful & had the perfect amount of pink in the middle.   If your looking for a good place for steak or veal in Vegas, this is a definite place to go to. It's totally worth it & I left full! It's also where they filmed the movie Casino with Deniero. One of my top 3 gangster movies!
3 This is old-school vegas.  The menu is familiar.  The space, to be kind, is retro (some would say dated).  I like it.  I had veal cutlets with lemon.  Very flavorful, tender and cooked properly.  Love the piano.  Service was attentive.  It's a nice alternative to the hotel restaurants.
2 If it were only about the food, I'd give this place a 4.  Upfront, the food was great, albeit on the very expensive side.  However, the service was horrific enough that all I remember from dining there is that the food was good, but overshadowing all of it was the terrible, terrible service.  We had to not only ask our server for everything, but to ask the waitstaff to FIND our server.  From the menu to the checks to water, we spent ten minutes in vain trying to find our server and then waiting ten minutes once we actually found him to get our menu/water/check/etc.  This was incredibly annoying.  But the biggest irk of the evening was the management..  Clearly they favor the Vegas regulars as well they should since they're regulars and repeat customers.  However, walking the dining room for the entire two hours and stopping at every table EXCEPT ours (even for a hello good evening) and not even making eye contact is just rude.  Were we not supposed to notice that every table except ours got gladhanded?  Or the fact that the tables that arrived after us got service first, food first, and left before we even got our entrees?  For the $300+ we spent there, I'm more than happy to spend that money elsewhere.  Vegas isn't exactly lacking expensive high quality restaurants.  Give this place a pass if you're not into getting treated like a fourth-class citizen.
5 2 things:    1) off the beaten path 2) old school Vegas  Very cool!  Reminiscent of the old Venetian restaurant that used to be off Sahara, just West of the 15.  I just dropped in for a few classic cocktails and was swept back in time to what my imaginary view of Vegas in the 70s would have been.  Great old-timer bartender who likes to chat.  An eclectic mix of people from various walks of life and history all enjoying the somewhat dim, yet lively atmosphere.  I feel like I should have been in a disheveled tux with an untied bowtie and long lost cuff links, sipping straight bourbon while smoking a Camel.  Extra points awarded for the primate art adorning the various nooks & crannies!  Definitely on my "cool spots to hang out" list....which does not yet exist on Yelp.
5 The finest restaurant I have eaten at in Las Vegas. Off the beaten path, the service was excellent and the food was excellent. Very nice old style atmosphere which was quiet enough to hold nice conversations with family at the table. Prices are comparable with other high end restaurants, but you don't feel like you are at a production line. Would definitely come back and recommend to others visiting Vegas.
5 I have been meaning to try this place for almost 2 years. Finally I was on a date that demanded Italian food. I figured this was a good chance to try it out.   I love the ambiance! It is like the Italian Golden Steer. Same old school vibe and the great service of old Vegas. I am a real fan o this place now. The menu is Italian but not just cheesy pastas and such. I had the lamb chops and it was amazing. The Jumbo shrimp cocktail is amazing as well. Overall I am motivated to try it again.   Excellent food amazing vibe and pure old school Vegas!
5 I have gone to vegas, for work, more times than I would have liked. This is where I go to get away from the city and relax with an excellent italian meal. The rest of the city seems full of over-sensationalized celebrity chef places; but this is where I bring people.   If you are looking for a regular pasta dish; then I must suggest the puttanesca.   If you are looking for a meat dish then you absolutely must try the oso bucco.
5 Love the Food!  Love Pat! Love Freddy!  If you love clams, calamari, shrimp, scallops and mussels -- you'll love the Linguine Portofino!
4 My favorite place in Vegas in terms of getting away from tourist and über-marketing. This place is a classic, and the food is excellent. If they have the King Salmon - get it. Cream corn was very good too. Only reason they don't get 5 stars: their Gulf Shrimp appetizer was just average. Sauces all ran together and only 1/2 the shell removed which was odd. Definitely stop by when you are in Vegas.
3 Best Osso Buco ever! Nice intimate atmosphere.  Good selection of wines by the glass.  Sole was somewhat tasteless.  Salad tasted like it had canned fruit in it.   Came highly recommended, may have just been an off night.
1 Repeat performances at restaurants to me are just as important as first impressions.  After coming to a difficult conclusion on where to go Friday evening Super Bowl weekend in Vegas, we decided to revisit old school "Pieros" which is previously reviewed here.   After enjoying the 3 piece jazz combo and singer in the front bar this absolutely packed to the gills with local's restaurant sat the 5 of us for dinner.  We were handled by Patrick who took our drink orders and Manolo who handled our food orders.  It appeared since we had some drinks at the bar and only a couple of us were drinking wine by the glass that they lost interest in us as not the big ticket table they wanted tonight. Strike 1!  After the specials were presented 5 entrees were selected. All come with their house salad and potatoes & Vegetables.  2 Veal Parmigana's, 2 Veal de chef & 1 veal Saltamboca rounded out the list with 2  1/2 orders of pasta and a soup.    Let's start with the salad which was ok but nothing special to say the least.  We move to the $14.00 bowl of soup which was again nothing special and here the waiter never brings the missing salad for the 1 person who had an appetizer even though it was requested.    On we go to the entrees the Veal Parm's were pretty good but sides of potatoes & Vegetables with Veal Parm UGH.  The Veal De Chef which was covered with a couple of roasted peppers and cheese was virtually tasteless as was the Saltamboca which was burnt prosciutto on top of thin veal sautéed which was neither tender or very good.  The Sides were ice cold a mashed potatoes & grilled carrot & greens.  Both sides of pasta were POOR simple as that.  Let us also state that 45 minutes past from salad to Entrée which was completely ridiculous.  PASS on deserts or coffee.  Not quite sure what transpired in the 8 months since I've been here only to say that this traveler can find much better dining options in this great city than this place.  This one gets the Yellow X - Knock it down start over, it has outlived its usefulness.
5 Great authentic Italian food!!
2 While in Las Vegas this past week for the HAI (Helicopter Association International) I decided to have some italian food, everyone said to come here. I must start by saying italian food, like mexican food is very inexpensive to make so I found the prices not only a bit high but extremely high. For this amount of money Id rather go to Del Frisco's for an amazing steak dinner. That being said, the prawn and the smoked salmon appetizer were absolutely amazing. I had ordered the Osso Buco because it sounded so exotic as prepared overnight simmering in a red wine sauce. When delivered, I found it to be very greasy (from fat) and very bland. I guess I was expecting an array of flavors but found none. I gave it 2 stars because of blandness, lack of richness if you will. Will I go back, maybe if someone else buys.
2 If you subtract the history and judge this restaurant purely on its current atmosphere and food, it is a solid two-star establishment.  The food was pedestrian, and I am not a picky eater.  The marinara sauce, which should be excellent at this type of place, had no flavor.  The prices were exorbitant and I was only full because of all the pasta they piled on their "signature" lamb shank dish.    Maybe this just isn't my type of place: DARK, formal (too many employees in tuxes), slow and stuffy.  I have to believe that it used to be a better restaurant.  There is no way Frank Sinatra would've returned if he had my meal.
2 As a local, my husband and I take out of town visitors to Piero's maybe twice a year.  In addition, we recommend it to people in general.  Wednesday night, we took two people who have homes in PA and in Napa to Piero's.   My husband and one of the guests ordered a pasta special (pasta and meat sauce!).  We didn't even think about inquiring as to the cost of the dish.  When we received the bill, we saw that each serving cost $36.00 and the dish was only so-so.  I should have returned my Veal Sorrento - it was so tough, I basically ate the prosciutto and left the veal.  That was my fault but I hate to break the flow of a meal.  The least expensive bottle of wine was the house wine at $55.  Our bill came to $304 without the 20% tip that we include.  Outrageous!!  Piero's used to have quality food and somewhat reasonable prices.  I believe that since the conventioneers are again flocking to LV, Piero's is charging what they can get away with due to expense accounts.  This will not fly with locals.  It is a shame but we will never return.  Upon leaving, I mentioned the pricing to the maitre 'd who said - something like "Sorry.  I don't even look at the menu so don't know."    Even if you are a visitor with an expense account, there are other better restaurants in town that you can visit.
5 In Las Vegas for Italian this is as good as it gets.Old world Italian food with excellent service.I was alone and dined at the bar.The Manager came over several times and made sure everything was OK,the place was crowded.There were very accomodating.The owners know how to run a business.
4 From a suggestion from one of our fellow travelers who is in Vegas ALL the time this was a "must-dine-at" place off the Strip.  From the garbage salad to the off menu entrees, everything was great!  Old school Italian at it's pretty much best.  The experience was classic, the service was superb and we had everything we could have ever wanted including a bonus of baked creamed corn.  So wonderful.  Then the bill came.  WOW.  Since most everything was off the menu we have no idea what anything cost.  So, we went with it but next time I'd check because holy smokes!
4 Seems like the staff has been there forever. Nice, but with a droll sense of humor that makes me think my dad would go again just for the service. But no need to worry that they're resting on the service alone. The food was delish. The osso bucco, recommended by another patron and mentioned as a specialty by the old school waiter, was fantabulous -- melt in your mouth goodness and served with a small fork for digging out the marrow. We also got a lovely salad, some calamari (which would not have travelled well at all) and a side of creamed corn (with bacon). Every item was well prepared, rich, and big enough to share amongst a group. My companion and I had way more food than we could handle, but I scraped every last bit of that marrow out, let me tell you. We also paid through the nose...but for large dishes! It seems to be the norm in Vegas, but my Cali sensibilities say I would like options for half orders (not a complaint against Piero's -- just an observation on the restaurants in the area).  I would have gone back if they'd been open for lunch. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll try them again and probably bump up my rating to a full 5stars. P.S. if you're attending a convention at the LVH (what a dump), this is a good off-site but still nearby option for dinner.
4 Let me start by saying I am not a big Italian fan anymore only because my BF is asian he is not a fan so I do not get to eat it.  So when my GF suggested Italian for our girls night I was totally in the mood!  Our search began and ended here we decided to go old school I remembered a client telling me of her old days in Las Vegas when she was a showgirl hanging with the "in" crowd (the mafia) the show people and their cohorts.  So in the mood for some ambiance we decided to have some snacks here then move on for the rest of the night.  We pull up (Valet only) nice guy and walk in we already know we did not want the restaurant because we only wanted a few shared plates and cocktails.  So we opted for the front bar.  They had a small 3 person band think Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis Jr and Dean Martin style.  They have nice booths against the wall to cosy up in or a bar to sit and watch the small rooms happenings.  We chose the end of the bar to watch the performers eat our food and enjoy a couple of glasses of wine.  The decor of the room I thought was both fun and funny, completely decked out in monkeys, monkeys everywhere!    Now on to the food... Prosciutto Con Melone thinly sliced Parma ham and melon.  I loved the way the salt of the thinly sliced Prosciutto went both agains and with the sweet, slightly bitter of the Mellon.   Agnolotti Freschi Alla Crema, country style fresh pasta stuffed with spinach, served with cream sauce.  Amazing, one of the best pasta dishes I have had.  The home made pasta breaks apart easily (but not to easy) to be able to tell it really is fresh.  The cream sauce has enough flavor to showcase the gentle blending of flavors of the spinach and cream.  I chose to add pepper because I like the kick of it.  On to the service and ambiance the service is top notch but with a bit of the New York attitude (if you've been there you know).  Everyone is taking orders,bringing, cleaning or walking around to see if one of the priors need to be done.  In other words great old school service.  Ambiance, lots of interesting things to keep your eyes and ears happy.  Sit at the bar and get to know a few New York transplants, or tourist who have heard about the great pasta or some old questionable members of our community who could quite possibly be in the old school mafia...  Any how The Pasta is great, the ambiance is fun, the bartenders know the wines and the servers know the menus, the people around you are a free added bonus.  I will be back and have a few times since I started this review.    A side note the prices on some items have been raised about $1 since my first visit.  Still worth it.
5 I love this place. It is one of my favorite locations to eat at. I recommend everyone that I know to it.  Thanks
5 This place was the restaurant they used in the movie "Casino". It's been around forever and for good reason: the food and drinks are amazing. Sit at the bar and have one of the best martinis you've ever had.
4 Piero's has been on our dining list and Restaurant Week provided an incentive to visit. The décor is old school. Dim lighting, well dressed wait staff and nicely appointed wall art.  The wait staff is helpful and attentive.  I was surprised that that our waiter did not have a printed copy of the Restaurant Week menu. However he was able to recite it to us. The Restaurant Week menu consisted of large portions for all 3 courses.  The ravioli were tender pillows in a light broth. The calamari was served in a large bowl that could feed two people.  The house and caesar salads were very good but again super size. The Osso Buco veal shank was as tender as it gets. The bed of fettuccine is too much for the average person. Eat the veal leave the pasta.  Pollo Carciofi is a boneless breast of chicken with artichoke hearts and a garlic wine sauce. The chicken is served already cut into small pieces. The amount of artichokes out numbered the chicken. Overall Piero's provided a wonderful meal to start off Restaurant Week.
5 I'm not a fan of Italian food, but I *AM* a fan of weird retro ambiance...which this place has in spades!!   To me, it wasn't so much Rat-Pack-y as it was '80s Vegas -- more precisely, Golden-Girls-Go-To-Vegas: pastels on the wall, lots of beige, smell of Geritol in the air, old-school food and drink, Pia Zadora (!!!) playing in the lounge. FABULOUS!   As mentioned, I don't care much for Italian food, but what I had here was excellent: prosciutto & melon appetizer, "garbage" Caesar salad and osso bucco. Bonus: this is one of the few spots I don't feel out of place ordering a Campari & soda, so I had two of those, as well!   The prices are a bit steep, but just do as I did and have a fast-talking name-dropping deal-making TV producer/pornographer take you. Problem solved!  To be honest, because of this place's pedigree, I was expecting a bit more mob shtick here. But rather than be disappointed, I was pleasantly surprised by the weird 80s grandma vibe. Let's be real, Rat Pack-era Vegas is played out anyway -- 80s Vegas is the new 60s Vegas!
1 As a local, this place is an institution. I can see how it was in day's past, but it has certainly gone way down hill.  We've been here many times and after the last time we went there, I can truly say I've seen the ultimate downfall of this restaurant and we will never go back.   The food is hit or miss. Sometimes it has been good (never great) but again, as of late, it's been mediocre at best. In the past, the ambience and venue made up for only "good" food... Not anymore.   Cold artichokes, frozen seafood, bland sauces... I'll pay top dollar for food- if it's worth it. However, the food has become nothing more than Olive Garden quality at an insane price.   I will say, the waiters and bartenders are friendly and attentive, however the owner is a rude old man who does not understand customer service and has a huge sense of entitlement. Just because your restaurant has been around for over 30 years does not mean that it will survive 30 more. Based on their Friday night crowd, I'd be surprised if it lasts more than 2 more years.  Truly disappointing that this place has turned into a joke.
5 Great restaurant! Excellent food and service. Would go again in a minute.
4 I had lowered expectations based on some of the recent reviews and wasn't especially looking forward to dinner here.  What a pleasant surprise -  attentive service, a nice private dining room, and excellent food.  They were happy to accommodate a vegetarian in our group  with a beautiful and tasty platter of veggies, but made sure we were all treated well.  Raviolis were very good, fried cheese was perfect and the entrees were very good.  Cheesecake and creme brûlée were executed extremely well.  For a restaurant that can just "dial it in" without attention to detail, they paid keen attention to detail for our group and it showed in a very happy group of diners.  Go back again?  Yup.
5 Overall 9.3/10 food 9.2/10 atmosphere 9/10 service 9/10 Food is not dominated by heavy sauce    However, you definitely can discover the deepness of sauce and food! Pay valet require!
5 Great meal. Started with the "garbage Caesar " loaded with shrimp. House specialty Osso Bucco perfect, loaded with marrow. Freddie is a great host. Try his special post dinner shot!
1 I was so excited to try this  Las Vegas landmark. I finally went and was disappointed beyond belief.  I'll make this short. The service was rushed, the food was bland and expensive. Totally not worth the price of admission. Let this place die, like the rest of " old" Vegas.
4 I love old Las Vegas, and Piero's is a place you must try out if you feel the same way. It doesn't look like much has changed since the Vegas' hayday with Sinatra, Sammy Davis, and Dean Martin. Piero's is just one of those cool, old school places. The food is overpriced, the quality is decent enough, and you can justify paying the final tab if you remember why you're there - to experience old Las Vegas.  From a food quality standpoint, I would say Piero's is definitely above average, but nothing that would make me feel like I need to go back. I ordered a pasta dish, exactly what it's called, I'm not sure. It was a Spinach Ravioli with a cream sauce. Very good, but not outstanding. I thought the spinach inside the ravioli might be a little creamy or have something in there to go along with it, but it was simply spinach. The best dish at our table was the Veal Parmesan. If I was to go back, that would definitely be at the top of my ordering list. The best part of the entire meal was the service - it was second to none. Our drinks never needed filling, everyone at the table ordered from the bar and we were asked several times throughout if we needed additional drinks (of course we did). The food was spaced out perfectly. There's nothing worse than getting your appetizer and 4 minutes later the entree's come out. It was a good 15-20 minutes between appetizer's and entree's. That said, don't go to Piero's if you're in a rush. This is a place that forces you to sit back, relax, take in some of old Vegas, and enjoy a quality meal.  Certain places make you wonder, if the walls could speak what would they say. This is definitely one of those places.
1 Mark our waiter was the worst I have ever had in Vegas. It's a shame that the bus boy had to do all the work. He was much better than the waiter. Mark had the personality of a rock. Food was average.
5 Best Italian I have ever had.  I wish I knew what I ordered as it was the special.  Purely amazing. I have been back and had the amazing osso buffo and a pink sauce pasta on a third visit.  I have never been disappointed.  Great meal.
1 Terrible service...  way overrated osso bucco.. gave 10 bucks off from my complaint and argued with me that it was one of the house favorites. . Taste like crap on my opinion
4 Had a table of 14 at 7pm on a Friday night and the food all came out at the same time and was great. 8 of us got the Oso Buca and all of us loved it.  I could live with out eating the bone marrow from the bone, but I tried two bites (when in rome) and just left a nice last bite of Oso Buca to go back to and finish on a delicious taste/note. Place was packed with locals, service staff was Trying hard but seemed a bit over whelemed.  Food and ambiance was great and would go back.
4 We had a large group and waited at the bar before being seated.  The owner was sitting at the end.  It reminded me of old school style back in the day.  We were seated at a large table at the back.  I ate the most amazing set of Crab Claws from Florida.  The sauce that was served with it was amazing.  I also ordered the Ossobucco which was claimed to be the best.  I was very disappointed.  It was average at best and only ate half of it.  The service was so so.
1 Previously we've had great dinners at pieros. Last night something went horribly wrong. Smug and surly service, mediocre food and high prices are seldom a good combination. That's what we got in spades.   AVOID!!!
3 Piero's is upscale Italian.  It is an old establishment...the menu has a long list of celebrities who dined there over many years.   The food is okay but not great. Overall the restaurant tries to be more than it is and tests too much on its history.
5 Wow salads anchoive is even better than their garbage salad. Zappa de pesces is the best.
5 Really one of my favorite places to go to a few times a week for drinks or dinner. Well known for its elegance and sophisticated style dining and a hot spot for locals and celebrities, politicians and the worlds movers and shakers. The staff from valet drivers to bartenders and management will treat you like family especially if you're a regular patron. Live singer performers on the weekend too.
5 My boyfriend and I went here for dinner a few weeks ago and had the best time; it's very rare that I eat somewhere and find myself still thinking about it weeks later! The food was amazing- We started with the jumbo shrimp cocktail and a caprese salad. For an entree I had the pesto ravioli and can honestly say it was the best thing I've EVER had. My boyfriend had the veal and loved it as well. The service and ambiance were equally as impressive and as we were leaving we stopped in their lounge/bar area to listen to the band... it just so happened one of the singers from The Temptations was there and jumped on stage to sing a song. I can honestly say it was a perfect night. We will definitely be returning!
5 *** Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2014 menu ***  I've been wanting to try Piero's for many years.  It's one of those places that have a lot of history with the city and some of its famous entertainers and residents.  I was brought bread and iced tea soon after being seated.  For the first course, there was no choice.  It was an agnolotti and cheese combination.  There were five agnolotti in a cream sauce and a triangle shaped piece of fried mozzarella.  The server ground parmesan onto the agnolotti to my liking.  This starter dish was very good.  When eating the fried mozzarella, I couldn't help but think of my students and their senior prom.  They always cleared the place out of mozzarella sticks.    The second course was a choice salads.  I chose the Caesar and the server did freshly ground pepper to my liking.  The romaine was as crisp as can be and the dressing was great!  A large salad course but I managed!  For the third course, I had to go with the house specialty--Osso Buco.  It was amazing!  The meat gently came off the bone and the sauce in which the veal shank was braised was very good.  The server brought me a cocktail fork and stuck it in the bone to use as a marrow fork.  A straw would have been a good idea, too!  Along with the Osso Buco, there was a nice sized mound of fettuccine.  It had the brazing sauce poured over it.  Again, the server round parmesan over the dish.  I've had Osso Buco a few times before but it was never this good.  You can tell their process takes hours.    Service throughout the night was exemplary.  There must have been 10 people at least on duty and every one of them worked every table.  I was asked several times if I wanted a fresh iced tea.  When I finished my first glass, immediately a server appeared to take the glass to be refilled.  An empty pack of Sweet 'n Low was removed within moments of putting it on the table.  One of the servers who hadn't been at my table took my check and payment.  No waiting.  It's all for one and one for all.    Many of the Yelp reviews refer to this as old school.  I agree, and I think it's a great idea.  Seeing the servers with white jackets, watching the plates be pushed by my table on a rolling cart, having service that is outstanding--these may be characteristics of old school, and it's good that some places retain their old school ways.  My only complaint with the place is the mandatory valet parking.  The lot isn't that big.  I can walk.  If some want to valet, let them.  A requirement--no, it shouldn't be!
5 Reminds me of Golden Steer, but this place is a bit more upscale and trendy than truly old-school Vegas. At least that's the way it feels.  Great ambiance here, and you should expect a heavy dose of locals and celebrities depending on your reservation time.    Solid martinis, great service, and tons of good options.  We over ordered and over ate, but we were talking about our meal for days. No specific recommendations - order whatever you like, as we didn't try anything we didn't enjoy.  Worth a trip off the Strip - it's super close without being loud and inside a smokey casino.
4 Good food but $$$$$- $14 for soup sets the tone on prices and their garbage Caesar was heavy on dressing and rather small foe price- expect small serving s and BIG prices
5 We went here for the 2nd time last night and everything was great! We've been to almost every italian joint in town and Piero's is top notch with a top notch price.  We got Prosucttio Melon and then get the Caesar which is the best in town!  We also shared osso buco and Veal Parm that where amazing.  Def give this place a try, but bring your platinum card!
4 Like any great restaurant, you can depend on the worst to take advantage of the hard work of others.  This is such a great restaurant, I will not allow the voice of one jerk-off to ruin my experience.  I've taken his picture and posted it for posterity.  Bottom line:  this is an epic restaurant.  Everyone is focused on YOU being happy.    This place is family focused.  I met an incredible couple from upstate New York, Saratoga I believe.  Jerry who is local whom has just lost his wife to lung cancer, and the maître de  who is awesome as well.  They pour fantastically heavy drinks, and they pay extraordinary attention to you.  The next time I visit I feel that I will be visiting longtime friends and catching up with people whom I care about.  It's a wonderful experience that I very much look forward to again.  Be sure to tip the gentleman at the front with the bow tie something extra, he works for it.
5 For an old Vegas vibe and nice food... This is a place like No other. We enjoy hearing Pia Zadora sing and there are always fun celebrities joining in the entertaining in the lounge with Pia on the Weekends "Pia's Place". Last night we saw Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert, Luke Byram and Adam West. (The original Batman) plus a special guest visit by The composer of My boyfriends back, Hang on Sloopy and I want candy. Jeff Goldstein. He was able to play it on the piano, the band picked it right up and Pia and the clients sang it out!  Guest singing by George Harris from Mundo. He has a GREAT voice! It was a fun time for everyone!
5 Amazing! The food at this place is awesome! I love the linguine with clams, garbage Cesar salad, and crab cakes. They also make THE BEST Grey Goose cosmos.   The decor is a bit unusual (outdated) but the food and drinks and service totally make up for it.
5 Great meal off the strip. If you're coming to Vegas and want to impress - take them here. Anyone can eat at the hotels. 30 plus years --- there's a reason
5 Love this place, food was amazing and service was great. Family operated. If you want true authentic food and atmosphere then come here. Will for sure return when I'm back in town for business! Great wine selection also.
5 Classic, one of the best overall Vegas dining experiences.  This was always my spot to take people when in town, it has everything-slick ambiance, excellent over the top service and incredible dishes. It's pricey but worth every penny.   Not going as much as usual now that Vegas has been incorporating all of the chefs and mega restaurants from around the country into their mega casinos, but this is the local original.   You have to get the Osso Bucco, no one else is even close.
