5 Great store!  Sale staff is super nice here at the Fashion Show Mall.  I was visiting here on 3/25/07 en route to the Apple Store to search for a new bag to shelter my new MacBook.  In anycase, I'd come back here if I were in the market for a new watch.   Big Pluses: + Authorised Rolex Dealer + Onsite Rolex Watch Repair + Huge Selection of Rolexes + Friendly and Knowledgeable Sales Staff  I love looking at things I know I can't afford.  Las Vegas is the epicenter of conspicuous consumption.  I got to try on a $74,000+ solid Platinum PearlMaster with a Mother of Pearl face and a tasteful bling'd out diamond bezel.  At least I now have a ridiculous goal and incentive to make ridiculous amounts of money in order to achieve this goal...    hmmm now i'd have to toss a coin to determine how I'd spend $74K -- a 2007 Shelby GT-500 or a Platinum Pearlmaster.  see: http://www.rolex.com/en/collection/extraordinary-watches/lady-datejust-pearlmaster/index.jsp#/en/xml/collection/extraordinary-watches/lady-datejust-pearlmaster/portfolio/portfolio2 or www.svt.ford.com/  only in my dreams...
5 Very friendly, professional service! My father's Rolex band broke and they fixed it like new in about 15 min. Great store! I would definitely recommend this store to others!
4 We have come into this store probably a total of 5 times these past 6 months for either servicing for my man's watch, shopping for his wedding band or christmas shopping for my sister-in-law.  We have always been greeted warmly by each associate.  They are very helpful in showing us their selection in jewelry and don't at all make us feel pressured to buy anything.  Today, we even tried on a few more wedding bands and found one for the fiancé.  Conclusion:  Definitely better service and much better selection than the Fred Meyer inside the mall.
5 Dropped in to replace a watch band.  Service was quick, pleasant, helpful.  Clerk found a choice of bands to match the watch, band was replaced quickly, price was reasonable.  Highly recommended.
5 Corbett, the registered jeweler at this location, is amazing. I had to have a single diamond replaced in a very small ring of mine and he was excellent. His customer service was top notch, especially because my piece of jewelry has sentimental value. He was very kind and accommodating, even though my piece was so small and really not worth too much. Moving forward I'll be sure to only visit the Ben Bridge at Fashion Show Mall for any jewelry purchases or repairs I need.
4 Bought my Rolex GMT here but sadly they are not authorized rolex dealers anymore since they started selling Omega and Tudor. Now I have to go to Ceasar's palace to check out new Rolex models. Very nice people. Just had my Omega sea master links fixed here.
