5 This private golf course went through a major renovation last year.  Many of the holes were updated with new hazards and the greens were all renovated.  Having played this golf course dozens of times over the years I was excited when a friend of mine invited me to play as I haven't played it since the renovation.  It was the 2nd week of December and the weather was perfect!  Temperatures in the low 60's, sunny, and no wind!  Are you kidding me?!  This is truly Golf Nirvana!  The newly renovated course plays a lot different than the old course.  The greens are much faster than they were and many of the greens were made smaller with a lot of undulations.....what this means is it's difficult to get the ball to stick on the green and putting is 10x more difficult.  The fairways and rough were in excellent condition.  The only thing I don't like about this golf course is that there's no beverage cart.  There's a snack shack on 3 and 14 or you can grab a bite/drink at the turn.  It's not too bad in the Winter, but in the Summer you wish there were more opportunities to buy beverages.  Some other things I love about this course is that they give you complimentary Bottled Water and Apples between the number 1 and 10 tees.  Additionally, this golf course is located in the community where the real life characters that were featured in the movie Casino actually lived.  You can see the house where Robert De Niro's real life character in the movie lived, which is located off the 15th hole, 5th house on the left.  Overall, it was a great golfing experience....I didn't do so well on the course, but like they say "A bad day of Golf is better than a good day without Golf".  Other notes about this place....  - You can rent out space for events here.....Weddings, Parties, Corporate Events.  I've hosted and attended several events in the past, they do a great job here.  - There's a Tennis Club with several courts.  Over the summer they have a kids Tennis camp program.  Will I return?  I can't wait!
5 very nice property.
5 From the moment you wheel your high five figure to high six figure vehicle through the storied gates of the LVCC you know you have arrived at something special, and something that the 5% can enjoy, the 1% are too busy on their jets, and in their SF/Manhattan/Hong Kong penthouses to care about little old Las Vegas...  Gracious staff take care of all of your country clubbing needs... if you need a cigar they bring you a cigar.  If you need steak Au Poivre it is prepared just how your grandmother made it.  If you need assistance with day care they will provide it.  If you need to swim, play tennis, work out or just sit back and admire the rolling green lawns of wealth and privilege welcome to the LVCC.  TO say that membership is reasonable would be correct considering other Country Clubs in town... however none have the history of the LVCC... this is where you rub elbows with the old time men and women who built this town.  Bravo!
5 Went away on a weekend golf trip with the boys.  Dealt again with VIP Golf (great company) and wanted to play some nice courses.  Our criteria was nice courses but not terribly far from the Strip.  They had a few private country clubs available for play to the public.  This course fit our needs perfectly.  It was only a 5-7 min drive from Palazzo and was reasonably priced ($180 per player Fri 11:40am). Service:  No one met us at the front.  There was a phone that I picked up and someone came right away to get our bags.  Starter was really nice and helpful.  There is no cart lady so you have to stock up at the snack bar (after hole 3 and 14).  They give you a few bottles of water in your cooler.   Golf:  Driving range and practice facility is nice.  The course was in really great condition overall.  The fairways were lush.  Tee boxes level.  The greens were probably in the worse shape (not saying much).  They were recently mowed so were hard and fast.  Over all a very very enjoyable round of golf.  The view was great with the hotels in the backdrop.  We were a twosome and finished in 3.5hrs.  Will definitely return
5 This place is a classic.  Completely reminds me of old Vegas and my stepdad, who was a mover and shaker many moons ago.  The kind of guy who wore a suit to gamble; classy.  Anyway....  I have attend numerous lunches at the Las Vegas Country Club over the past year.  The food is always good and the servers are fantastic.  I love their creme brulee in little cupcake-type cups.  Yum!    I also planned a lunch there in 2012.  The staff was organized and professional.  The participants who attended thought the food was excellent and enjoyed the ambiance.    I hope places like this don't go away as Las Vegas consistently seeks the newest and best places.
1 A place where old elephants go to die.  An equity membership goes on forever!  If you die, your spouse and children will be responsible for paying the dues each month.  The only way out is to pay someone to take your membership.  There is no transparency to anything that goes on.  A bunch of crooks who sucker you in by offering an equity membership at no cost.  Once you are an equity member, you can never get out.  If you are late with a payment, they tack on interest and penalties and if you are a month late, they suspend your membership but keep compounding your dues.  Then, they charge a fee to reinstate your membership. If you don't ever receive the "membership certificate" that they claim they sent, you have to pay another fee and file a "lost certificate fee".   And last , but not least, the clubhouse smells like a geriatric ward.
4 Not a bad chicken dinner for a business event.  Up-charge on cocktails is reasonable for non-members.  Excellent grounds.  Nice old school style.
5 Old school with some new flavor. The taste of decor in this place is updated with a classic feel. I only saw the front dining room but I was well impressed.
5 This golf course is so nice!  You can tell the manager cares about his members and really makes sure your needs are met!  Looking forward to more events here and I'll be telling all my friends about this place!
