4 This one is located inside the MGM Grand right when you enter from the self-park garage.  Huge pretzels but lacking varieties of sweet pretzels.  All they had were salty pretzels; including salt and butter, unsalted, everything and a jalapeño pretzel.  All pretzels were $3.95 each, but given the size of them, it was pretty decent compared to Auntie Anne's.  The salt and butter one that I got was pretty good, it was a nice snack during the middle day as we shopped along the strip.
4 Delicious large soft pretzels here.  Very filling though, seems like they use a lot of butter.
5 After seeing the Brad Garrett show, we stopped by to get the jalapeno pretzel and lemonade.  It was fresh and delicious.    When I'm at MGM, I typically stop by and always happy I did.
4 I love this pretzel place!  The pretzels are big, sweet, and (usually) soft! I also love their lemonade. It is seriously delicious.  The service could use some work. I'm not a big fan of the "fuchi face," but other than that this place is great!
1 I'm not one to write many bad reviews but this pretzel place is awful! We got 4 pretzels  - cinnamon, jalapeño cheese, almond, and pepperoni. The best one was the cinnamon but the bread on all of them were way too doughy and flavorless, especially the pepperoni and almond. I've had many pretzels and this place will be a pure disappointment!
3 When I think of pretzels, I think of Auntie Anne's or Wetzel's Pretzels. I never heard of these guys until we got tickets to KA and we just happen to walk by them coming in from the parking structure. It just so happens were an hour early and we were hungry so that wan not enough time to eat an actual meal so we settled on a pretzel dog and almond crunch pretzel along with a large drink..  How it tastes is very close to the above mentioned. As for the price, we spent almost 15 bucks on all three items including tax. Now I don't remember spending that much altogether coming from a pretzel place so I yeah, these guys are bit pricey. I guess since its in a casino, it's marked up just a tad.  Service was a bit slow even though there were 3 people behind the counter. It was not like there was a long line of people getting pretzels. Matter of fact, there were only 2 people ahead of us but from some odd reason it took them a while to get their order.  Nevertheless, we scarfed it down and went on our merry way to go see KA.  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #43
3 the preztels are made daily fresh and you see the quality made. its not stuff from a local mall where it sits out waiting to be bought.
