1 DO NOT bring your animal here!!!  Dr. Stefanatos prescribed a medication that KILLED my pet!!!  I will forever miss my little guy.  If you are looking for a holistic doctor pkease go to Dr. Brandt at Natural Care Institute..
1 Stay away from this vet! First the receptionist is the rudiest meanest person in Las Vegas.! How this lady is in a medical field where one should have compassion is beyond me!  I took my cat there on an emergency basis. I liked that dr s is holistic and I have had good experiences w her on wellness visits. However on an emergency basis- IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE EVER!  I won't get into details too much but basically she told me my cat had an infection because he had dirty teeth.. I only got this response after dr would not return my call for TWO DAYS! And this was an emergency to them.?  Anyway during the TWO DAYS it took to get that gem of a diagnosis from her, cat's health was still declining.  So took him to another vet who found he has a mass in his gi Tract (which maybe cancer- we are investigating as i write) causing bloody stool. He spent night in hospital w iv fluids and antibiotics.  How could this person missed this?  I am hurt and speechless.  Oh did i mention the secretary refused to send my cat's medical records to the emergency vet?!  oh yea- super ethical as well as mean.  Her dirty practice and rude staff needs retire. Go elsewhere.
5 To animal lovers, if you know how much Dr. Stefanatos has done for animals, you'd flock to her clinic to donate money.
5 My lil 5 lb yorkie got a shot at centennial animal hospital and ever since she limped and could not walk on her leg...I took her back 3 times within 2 weeks and they said she now needs surgery on her knee after charging me for xrays!!  Well, I found Dr Stephanatos and what a blessing!!!! she did acupuncture about 4 times and put her on 2 separate meds, one she hates so I trick her...3 weeks later what a big difference!! I refilled her meds and didn't give them to her for 2 weeks and she started limping again...she needs them and they help like nothing else...its been 5 months now and still no need for a 4000$ surgery!   She also just had a respiratory issue, and I called in and they were sooooo great, Dr Stephanatos said to come in anytime after 8 am the next morning to pick up a freshly made remedy just for my Sugar Bear and  to give 2x a day...the 2nd day she was showing improvement!!  I love her passion for animals!!  I have not experienced that any-wear here and I grew up here!! I would dread going to the vet, more than my animals, but now I have full faith that she will always do the best for my lil yorkies!!  I am soo sooo very thankful for her and her practice!! Including the other pretty blonde Dr. (forgot her name) she is wonderful too, she did acupuncture on my lil one!
5 Great Vet... Holistic, knowledgable and delivered results which I have not been able to get for the past 2 years.    Highly recommend her for holistically oriented people!
