5 My visit to this store was indeed memorable.  It was when I made a trip to this SWATCH Las Vegas Caesar Forum Store this past summer... if only I can DIE having all the SWATCH watches all across the globe... Came with hubby, my good fren and her fiancee to this store... for some SWATCH watches delights!!!  My good fren is also into SWATCH watches too...  I have been purchasing and collecting SWATCH watches since the late 80's... and I cant have enough of them for my collection and "craze" of SWATCH watches....  If only COLORADO has one store like this one... *sigh*... But I heard recently they might have a limited collection at Nordstrom Cherry Creek Shopping Center (#37) in Denver, Colorado....  Perhaps I would definitely check the SWATCH watches there for my upcoming birthday & Xmas pressies...
5 Who didn't have a Swatch watch when they were a kid right? I made a special trip to the Swatch store in the Forum Shops at Cesar's Palace to reminisce and buy a watch for memories sake. I walked in and was greeted by a friendly sales associate. I told him why I was in there and he said he hears the "I had a Swatch as a kid" story all the time.   I was in the store for about an hour debating on which watch to get. I really wanted a funky one to commemorate the one I had as a kid but when I was trying them on they just didn't seem to fit the adult me anymore. I ended up purchasing a bracelet style one which pink crystals in the face of the watch and a bracelet style wrist. Not very Swatchish but I liked it so I got it.   I was pleased with how pleasant the sales associate was with my incisiveness he let me try on what felt like every watch under the sun.  Thinks to note, every watch comes with an International 2 year warranty. Same features as any other warranty. Some features that are not are that they will mail you batteries as needed and rebuff the face of the watch as many times at any Swatch store location.
5 Swatch stores are popping up in many malls across the U.S.  However, what differs one from the other is service and energy.  I have been to other Swatch stores but never received the excellent service like this one presented on our vacation!  They greet you with excitement and enthusiasm.  On top of this, they make excellent suggestions.  if it weren't for my budget, I would have definitely walked away with two or maybe three Swatch watches.  I'm definitely looking forward to the Swatch store opening in Denver on June 18th!
4 I'm new to this whole "watch" thing, but once I decided to keep time on my wrist, I was suggested to check out Swatch at the Forum Shops. The shop (which is located in an inconvenient area of the mall, but I can hardly blame this on Swatch) is bright and noticeable, and although small, has plenty of watches on display. Customer service is fantastic. The cashier there helped me find the watch I was looking for, set it to the minute, and conviced me to buy three more watches for equal price as the watch I bought. Suffice to say he was a good salesman.      A week later I realized I will never use those three other watches. I was upset to find out that I could not return them for money, instead returning them for another watch. So the lack of refund is an annoyance that I wish he would have told me.      Also, a small complaint I have is that there aren't any chairs. I know that people don't spend much time in a watch store, but not having the option to sit down and admire watches does leave a bit to be desired.      So, there you go. The Swatch store is great because it has a kooky and wide variety of watches at reasonable prices. Make sure you are completely sold on the watch you are buying, because you cannot gain money back for it. Also, get your sitting fix before walking in there, because there isn't a chair in sight. All in all, I had the Time of my life in there.
5 Brought my Swatch in for a band repair. They cleaned the face and I bought a new watch for my wife as well. The people were awesome, helpful and it was the best customer service I have had in a long time. Love this place.
