3 My review is for 3.5 stars- the prices are better than the Albertson's across the way, but the customers are so freaking weird. And the panhandlers are annoying. It's in our area, so it's convenient, which is why we go. My husband shops here the most for groceries- rewards. (I go to Wal-Mart ,Target & Fresh & Easy mostly). I once saw Cook E Jarr here past midnight, wearing the gold chains over his hairy chest in an open butterfly collar shirt, with his thick big hair and darkened big shades- yeah, not nice, super cheesy. I see a former realtor working/moonlighting here as a cashier/assistant manager, from time to time.
3 This is one of my close shopping options since I live 2 blocks from this location we hit it quite often since the prices do beat Albertsons. Most of the time the store is pretty well kept and I can find "Some" Fresh veggies but as Margret C's review says the clientelle is usually a little odd and I am not a fan of my wife heading there alone with all the panhandling that does take place right outside the doors.   The saving grace for this location came a few weeks back just after thanksgiving... My wife and I made some delicious turkey for thanksgiving but she really wanted a freshly cooked ham about a week after so I volunteered to cook it since she never has. She took off to go to the store since our daughter was sleeping I hung back at the house. About 20 minutes later she comes walking into the house with a bag and says, " I got the ham, I hope its the right one."  I opened the bag and low and behold it was a smoked log of deli ham... This was in no way shape or form the correct thing so instead of making some crazy comment or letting out the laughter I had inside I offered to take the item back and get the right one. The words, " I will take it back " came out long before the thought hit me.... I have never returned anything to a grocery store, do they even do that?   Well, the answer to that question is yes, I walked in with the bad o ham and the manager asked why i was returning it and I told her well my wife meant to buy a baking ham not deli ham so they let me return it since they did not have any baking hams. The management has always been helpful and pleasent to deal with so I guess overall I dont mind the location as long as I am there with my wife but I would not send her there on her own.
1 This poor Smiths... just ugh.  In comparison to my neighborhood Smiths, this one is just sad.  Dirty, dated, poorly run. The fruits, veggies, and bakery items look old and stale, and honestly, I couldn't even bring myself to buy anything.
4 What can I say it is close to work. Parking lot is always full though.
1 Don't shop here. The employees are rude and stupid. I informed Kroger's corporate office about a bad incident I had with an employee and they did nothing.
3 Being the closest grocery store to me while staying on the strip, it has everything I need. There's a good sized produce section and a whole aisle for organic, natural products. The prices are fantastic. The staff here though is really rude, I despise going to check out and good luck finding an employee on the floor.  It's not the cleanest or prettiest grocery store but it's cheap and convenient
2 I did my grocery shopping mostly here while I was on vacation. It got the job done but is nothing special. The produce section was smaller then I would have liked but they have a whole aisle for healthy more organic options. Staff is not very friendly. Meh, gets the job done but nothing to ride home about
1 Rotten lobster more than once. Rock hard frozen chicken in the "fresh" section. One more ruined meal and I will never shop here again. Wish Albertsons was still open across the street.
3 I'm one of those annoying "urban pioneer" type white people who moves downtown all progressive-like, and then bitches about there being no grocery stores. But what you have to understand about me and my people is, when we say "no grocery stores," that's really hipster-speak for "no Whole Foods/Trader Joe's/Organic Artisanal-Retentive Mart ." The fact is, there ARE a few grocery stores around...they're just a bit "colorful."  My options for groceries within a mile of my house are basically the GHETTO-ASS Albertson's on Charleston & Bruce (every time I've been there, someone is being arrested out front) (literally), or this Smiths. So I usually go with this place.  Actually, this Smiths really ain't that bad -- they cater to my ilk with a surprisingly well-stocked natural foods aisle, that actually has most of the shit I buy at Trader Joe's or places like that anyway -- food as well as natural hygiene products. The prices are a bit higher sometimes, but if you get a shopper's card (or just use Jenny's number -- 867-5309) you can often score pretty good deals.   The produce selection is decent, but far from abundant -- no organic produce or kale or anything like that, just the basics. I can't really speak to the bakery, butcher shop or frozen meat selection, since like all good progressive white ladies I stay away from bread and meat.  I make up for that with my prodigious booze consumption, which brings me to the liquor dept: gated off waaaay in the back of the store (to discourage theft), with a fairly basic selection of hard liquor and wine. An annoying bell rings when you enter, alerting everyone in the store to your pathetic degenerate status.  Aside from that minor inconvenience, they also have a pretty big drugstore selection -- everything but makeup. And the rest of the store appears to stock all the usual grocery-store-type essentials (soup, spices, frozen pizzas....Idk, I eat out most of the time) at typical prices.  On all of my visits, the staff has been friendly and cool, and the store itself is fairly clean. It's just the parking lot that has issues! I know they can't help being in a "transitional" neighborhood, but it seems like they might hire a security guard or two to stand guard out front and keep the pandhandlers away. Lord knows I can't be giving my precious cash to bums, when there's organic hempseed oil to be bought!!!!!! Also, a thorough pressure-washing of the parking lot might be in order, just to spruce the place up a bit and blast away the bloodstains and wino-puke puddles. It's the broken window theory, already! And how about a bike rack, for us tree-hugger types?  I mean, come on. I've been to some real swanky Smiths stores out in Summerlin and such...I know it can be done! Don't you want my coveted hipster buck? I'm telling you, if you would only pander to me and my uppity ilk a bit, you could RAKE in the ca$h!!! Right this very moment, downtown Vegas is in the throes of an urban-core revitalization that is bringing tons of my peeps into your area! And guess what: we're hungry!!! Guess what else: we've been driving crosstown to Trader Joe's and Sprouts!  A word to the wise, Mr. Smith: up your game, or be left in the dust when Harry Armpit opens up his Crunchy Granola Supercenter/Yoga Studio down the street in that empty storefront by the Huntridge Theater, as so many locals have been clamoring for him to do. Mark my words, we progressives are very vocal and activist-y...it's gonna happen!  But in the meantime, if you were to show us a little love and respect...we would repay you in spades, by spending all our hard-earned cash at your establishment (well, all our cash except the chunk we give to NPR and Save the Whales).  Come on, guys!!!
4 I live in the Huntridge neighborhood and frequent this Smith's for most of my grocery needs. The staff is fantastic! I was there last Sunday and was greeted in the bakery section by an older lady with a tray of tasty brownie samples. Score! They were delicious!  The interior looks a little older but it is clean. I can handle that. It's a lot like our historic neighborhood. Some of the houses are decades behind modern but they are clean as can be on the inside.  The outside though-needs some attention. I get hit up by panhandlers and watch bums scoping out cars every time I visit. I shop alone and I don't feel safe. I ride a scooter and there is no where to lock it up. Me and the other scooter riders lock our 'PEDs to the Handicapped signs and that usually earns a glare or two but there is no way I'm not locking my scooter. There is a bike rack but it isn't in a place that the scooters can share it. Savers has a rack for us, can you do the same? Please help us shop with you and be comfortable getting in and out of your store.  Thank you!
