5 The Meridian Apartments ias a gated community of condos 2 blocks off the strip.  They are right next to Lawry's Steakhouse and right between the strip and Bahama Breeze.  We found this deal 8 days before NYE on lastminutetravel.com.  The condos are gorgeous, we managed to fit 8 people on a 2-bedroom condo, so two nights there was only about $80 apiece.  The places usually go for about $325/night (NYE rates?).  The pool and tennis courts are great, as are the gym and the community as a whole.  They are definitely great to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip without being too far away.  They condos come with two bathrooms, a kitchen fully stocked with cookware and flatware, a large flatscreen tv with dvd, cd player, wireless internet.  The front door is a magnetic lock engaged and disengaged by keycode.  Brilliant with so many of us there.  The only downside was that for our entire group, we only had one gate key to come into the community as well as one keycard to get into outer doors.  They wouldn't give us another and if we lost it, there was a $100 charge.  I'll definitely check this place out again the next time I go to Vegas.
4 I love this place because the rooms are beautiful and its a great deal. We stayed in an apartment for the price of a hotel room and had a kitchen. But this is not a hotel yet, its more like having a nice apartment in Vegas in a good building.  Since we were celebrating a birthday, it was nice to entertain before we went out on the strip. Unfortunately, I cannot give it more than 4 stars until they get their act together with the front desk . I wanted to do, 3.5 stars.They messed up big time with the rooms.  We checked in and they first put us in a studio and then moved us to a one-bedroom but until I complained and 2 hours later.  I did not expect this because I called ahead to confirm and was assured everything was okay.  This place is a great deal but its not for everyone. It is great for groups and people that want to be in Vegas but not around the smoke and the ringing of the slots.  It helps if you have a car.  You have to get used to your key cards or remember the codes.  Other than that, it is certainly fabulous and I would stay there again.
2 I recently spent three nights at the Meridian with two friends. Someday, it will be a fantastic place to stay, but as of 11/07, they are NOT ready for guests.   The suites are spacious and private and the beds are very comfortable. The grounds are gorgeous, though a bit confusing figuring out how to get around. It is gated and while that provides security, it is necessary to always have the key or code to get in and out of the various gates. There is a lot of construction going on, so with all the workers it doesn't seem very private outside. The walk to the strip is a good 15+ minutes of a brisk stride; no big deal for us, but for older people or those with health issues (or if it's very hot or rainy), it could be too much. Also, I wouldn't walk it alone at night.   We had the 2 bedroom suite but needed to move to another suite for the following reasons: 2 out of 3 tvs didn't work; the phones rang numerous times (in both suites) with people asking for  unknown parties (phones don't go through the registration desk);  there were no brochures/books to help us with understanding the hotel, LasVegas or even a phone number to the front desk; several lamps didn't have light bulbs (housekeeping never brought us new ones); the kitchen had an old half full beer bottle on one of their shelves; the bathroom shower head kept falling so we had to hold it up with one hand the whole time; the interior bedroom had a window to the lighted halllway outside so we had to put a blanket over the window to block the light; that same room is VERY noisy in the morning as the housekeeping carts roll over the tile and grooves, making sleep impossible at 8am in the morning. We moved to another suite and while it was a bit quieter (and certainly beautiful), we found a large cockroach, more calls on the phone for other people and it took over two hours for housekeeping to bring us a coffeepot that worked.  Again, I think this place has the potential to being a class act, but it has growing pains and a lack of handling small details (like managing the phone system and getting us a working coffeepot sooner than 2 hours) which means customer service has its own growing pains.
4 Great spacious suites with modern-chic, functional decor.  I really enjoyed staying here - the comfort level is high up and the quality of their service is rather fine.  The only draw-back was the thermostat that wasn't working properly the first night.  We froze for a few hours until the maintenance came to fix it.  (They could've just had us move to a different suite - but that's ok.)  LOVE the king-size beds with fine linens and lots of pillows.  Also like the terrace that overlooks the pool garden.  Nice place to enjoy a morning reflection and a cup of coffee (made in the kitchen inside the suite).  Also, this luxury suite hotel flaunts mega-security with multiple guarded gates and special access remote controls provided to the guests.    The only negatives are its off-the-strip location (Vegas blocks aren't like NYC blocks, I've learned), lack of shuttles, and dispersed buildings within the property (takes about 5 minutes to walk from my suite to the front lobby).
5 Well, I stayed here for 4 months at the expense of my company when they sent me out to LV for training.  I want to say I had a 2-bedroom for $1300 month, but that was back in 2000 and it was a corporate rate, so I have no idea what they charge today and if it has changed much.  Couldn't really see myself staying here for less than a month, as it really is a long-stay place.  There are folks that have lived here for years.  Two nice  separate swimming pool areas, and they don't get alot of tenant use.  Gas barbeques pool side.  Decent workout room.  Nice fully furnished apartments, clean and pretty well appointed.  Kind of low key atmosphere--they way the hall and floor layouts are, you don't run into alot of people.  Gated car entry with swipe card and underground parking.  Swipe rooms.  One VERY LARGE block off the strip, behind the Flamingo.  I liked its central location.  Pretty easy to head East on Flamingo for grocery shopping, or West to hit the strip.  It was a great stay for 4 months.  This was a quality operation with good  facility construction, operations and security.
4 The reviews here are pretty old.  This is no longer a hotel but residential apartments.  I visited friends here.  Fifteen minute walk to the strip. Five minute taxi.  Grounds are great: pool, hot tub, gym, tennis courts, racket ball.  The best perk might be the gas grills near the pool.  Guarded property 24/7.  Apartments are modern and fully furnished. Washer and dryer too (at least my friends' apartment)
5 Great Security, Great Location, Great Neighbors. Close to the strip but not ghetto, you get what you pay for here.  Unless I leave Vegas or Buy a House here I will not be moving out!  24hr Pool, BBQ, GYM, Hot Tub just Feet from my Place, and I can see the Cosmo and Palazzo from my couch as well as the Hot Tub.  Hello Ladies!
5 Stayed 3 months for corporate training.  I love this place.  It is an oasis just a 10 minute walk to the strip.  Grills, hot tubs, pool, gym Sauna, rqt ball, tennis courts.  This has to be the best piece of property remaining just off the strip due to its huge grounds and villa feel.  The front office folks were great to boot.  Anyhow, if you have to go to Vegas for training or an extended stay, I cannot recommend this place enough.  You will love it!
1 I went through the "meridian LV" brokerage and have never in my life had such a horrible experience. I am a landlord myself and do my best to make people happy and be proactive. When I moved in, the unit was not cleaned, the toilet didn't work, there were specialty light bulbs burnt out and a multitude of other issues. I've lived there 4 months now ($1850 per month for a "luxury" apartment) and the toilet still does not work. I've been told that it's my fault for stuffing things in there that don't belong. I've only had 2 guests and nothing was put in there that doesn't belong.   I honestly feel as though, they hard sold me to move in and then bailed once I lived there. I am very disappointed as this had made my vegas experience a pain in the ass. They're absolutely HORRIBLE. The representative (Wanda) is terribly aggressive and unprofessional. On my initial walk through - she took an old bottle of water out of a random fridge that someone else had been in and drank from it (I should have known then - gross and WT!!!).   In the 4 months I've been there - the dishwasher and air have gone out. The dishwasher turned out to be an easy fix that someone could have walked me through over the phone (but took over 2 weeks to have someone fix in person). The air conditioner was left unfixed for 5 days and I had to contact the owner of the unit directly. Everything in my fridge went bad and I lost about $200 in groceries and I was told that wasn't their responsibility.   My co-worker lives a few doors down from me and deals directly with the owner of his unit and has a completely different experience. Bottom line is - don't go through the Meridian LV - THEY ARE HORRIBLE!!!!!!!
4 I lived here for 6 months beginning December 2013 after moving to Vegas from Southern California. Property Service Facilitators were very professional and prompt in their service and management. They were responsive to all our service requests, email concerns, and questions. (http://meridianluxurycondoslv.com/)   We checked out our options in November 2013 with Michael. All of the floor plans, layouts, and furnished units we saw seemed very comfortable and appealing.  We opted for the Valencia unit, the largest and rarely available of all the plans. The unit was gorgeous with marble floors, granite countertops, and lots of space. Highlights were the sub-0 fridge, wolf stove/range, and AMAZING closet!  Location- Very close to the strip (10 minute walk, 2 min drive). It is right off Koval so you become very familiar with the back roads to get to major casinos. Walking distance to the LINQ. You know the strip is RIGHT there but you don't get inundated with the traffic/hustle and bustle (except on weekends).  Security- Gated community and stern but flexible guest policies. Personnel were constantly walking the premises and there are cameras everywhere.   Amenities- Very comfortable and resort like. The gym was great for its size. Also has a sauna which was very nice. Has basketball and racquetball courts also. The pool is great with lots of picnic and grilling space. Felt like you could have your very own Vegas pool party in your backyard.  Pets- Very pet friendly with walking trails and lots of animal clean up disposals.  Parking- Very ample and usually get one assigned space. Only qualm is the accident/damage to our car in the garage but I blame that on irresponsible neighbors.  Trash- I'm glad they put recycle receptacles in the parking lots. There are some residents who are just lazy and stuff the trash bins because they're lazy to take the elevator down a few floors to go to the dumpster.. that was annoying.  Community overall- Have to remember that this place serves as long term temporary housing as well as committed homes for residences so there is a myriad of people and turn over is frequent.  There were times where I did get pissed at the sounds of 21 year olds coming home at 3AM cursing up a storm, heels clanking on the pavement, yelling/excitement, and puke in the hallways.. but that was fairly infrequent.   It's not a bad place to live, especially for someone young who holds an 8-5 M-F job that just moved to Vegas and wants to be in the middle of it all. I was ready to move away from the strip for some peace and quiet at the end of it.
