4 This is my "Go To" spot for exchanging foreign currency.  Whenever I travel abroad I do some research on exchange rates in the country I'm visiting vs this joint.  9 times out of 10 they are very competitive with their rates and I'd rather exchange large sums of currency in Vegas than in a foreign country.  I was here the other day to convert some US Dollars to Chinese RMB in preparation for an upcoming trip to China.  I called prior to driving down here and asked what the exchange rate was.  They were offering 6.53 RMB to 1 USD.  Luckily, I had a classmate in Beijing that just exchanged some currency the day before and she said the exchange rate at banks in Beijing was 6.45-6.75 RMB to 1 USD.  Not a bad deal!  I'll pay the small vig for the convenience of dealing with someone in my home country where communication is easy.  One of the bad things about this place is the parking.  If you're a visitor, you have to park in the underground parking garage.  That's the last place you want to walk to after converting a lot of currency.    Which leads me to my second complaint about this place.....there's no privacy.  There is a large counter in the office where you conduct your transactions and a large window facing the street where people can look inside and see what you're doing. (see pics)  Not a cool situation if you're counting a lot of money on the counter.  I've always felt uncomfortable in that sense.  Overall Value - they offer great exchange rates, I'm always satisfied with the value they offer.  Will I return?  Unless a better option presents itself, there's no doubt I'll be back!
1 Called this place and rate was same as casino and women on the other end was arrogant and shouting . Don't bother exchange somewhere else !
4 This is the place for large amount exchanges!!!  Wells Fargo does currency exchanges with no fees for their customers with their profit coming from their buy rate. Their buy rate is very, very good compared to other banks. We were looking to do Yen to USD and they offered $1.20 per 100 YEN. Not bad at all.  I called FME and they offered $1.26 (5% more than WF). We did the math and for the amount of YEN we were exchanging that $0.06 difference made the trip from Henderson to the LV Convention area well worth it!  One gripe, which others pointed out, is that they do exchange in front of everyone.
5 In planning my first trip to Europe, I was getting overwhelmed at the thought of exchanging money.  I hate paying ATM/bank fees and learned that many companies will charge you a fee for their exchange services, have minimums, and/or give you a much lower exchange rate than those quoted by OANDA (specifically, Travelex at the airport does all three). In my research, I found this place.  The reviews were fantastic so I figured I would check it out to get some of my foreign currency pre-travel. I called FME the day I wanted to exchange money and they told me I could buy euros at a rate of 1.2970 and pounds for 1.5710. The rate listed on OANDA was 1.2718 and 1.5458 respectively.  I was shocked that they were so close. The competitor mentioned above was at 1.38 euros & 1.69 pounds NOT EVEN INCLUDING THE $9.99 I would have to pay to pick them up at the Airport!!! So, my decision was made and I was on my way!  When I first pulled in to the parking garage, I have to admit, I was scared.  I parked  next to the elevators and ran right into them with my cash.  Once on the 1st floor, walk straight , to the left of the directory and the place is on the left. There was a security guard in the little lobby area there so that calmed my nerves.  I walked in and the place was empty except for one lady behind the counter sitting in a desk.  She came up asked me what I wanted and told me what I owed (which matched my calculations perfectly - I was afraid there would be a catch of some sort).  All the exchanging was done within 4-5 minutes! IT WAS SO EASY! I even told the lady helping me that I had been so nervous and overwhelmed and I was very pleasantly surprised by the experience and she told me 'We believe trading money shouldn't be something complicated.' What a breath of fresh(non-corporate banking mentality) air.  I will DEF use this place again!!
4 Quick and easy money exchange at great rates. Funny thing is, the ladies behind the counter have not traveled much. But they are making their kids travel (study abroad, live abroad, and so on).
4 This is a great place to exchange money.  I have used them numerous times to change $ for whatever.  Every time I have found no commision and rates very close to those published on the internet.  I always call ahead just to make sure that they are carrying the currency that I am looking for.  Today, when I cashed some $ for Euros, they sold them to me at 2% less than the going rate on the internet.  They also gave me a bunch of small bills, perfect for travelling on vacation.    Not five stars because the location is a bit tough with parking underground, but the gargage and surroundings is busy enough that I have never felt unsafe walking through the garage to my car.
5 This place is the best!! I just went in to exchange a bunch of Pesos from Mexico and some other bills from The Bahamas and the transaction was seamless. I checked the exchange rate online before heading into Foreign Money Exchange and their rate was spot-on. They also told me they exchange money from U.S. to other nations currency. It's always nice to have some domestic currency when you hit the ground elsewhere so as to not have to find a bank right away and Foreign Money Exchange can facilitate that. Glad I found them.
4 So I had to go here  to exchange some dollars to Thailand Bahts, Philippine Pesos, and Korean Wons for my Asian trip. This was was located on convention drive Between Paradise and Las Vegas Blvd near the Ross.  Kinda far from where I love. I live in Henderson but oh well it's the only place that gives good rates on foreign currencies.  This place is great if you ever need to change dollars to whatever currencies. It beats waiting in the banks for your money to come and they will not rip you off.  This place is by far the best when it comes to exchange rates. I have been coming here since for about 12 years now at least once or twice a year.  The staff is great parking sucks though i recommend parking across the street over near the Ross and just walk to the building this place is located at.  I highly recommend this place for all your foreign exchange currencies you need done before you leave for your trip or for when you come back!
4 Stopped in today to convert currency from 10 years worth of travels a la Uncle Sam... We had a lot of coin, but... newbies that we are to currency exchange, we learned the only currency they can take is paper... no coins... Best advice to travelers is to use ALL the coin you have in country and only bring paper "bills" back with you :).   The location is rather nondescript and we must have been oblivious to any signage once we parked the car in the garage as we "finally" found FME by asking a postal worker walking by:).  They are located on the FIRST floor if the "PALACE" building at 101 Convention Center Drive... not the "Tower" building... We got a little exercise finding the place :).  I must say, the gals running the front office there were wonderful, sweet, and very knowledgable... We exchanged currency from Poland, England, and Canada without issue and at a very fair rate... We were glad we checked Yelp for advice before we went elsewhere... We know enough not to exchange money at airport$$, but weren't sure if local banks could help us out... Apparently they aren't in the business much anymore, if at all... My daughter enjoyed the memorabilia on the walls... I would recommend FME to anyone with foreign currency needs... The gals are sweethearts and will treat you very well...and even validated our parking!
5 Great service, easy parking in the underground garage, and the exchange rate was fair.
5 If you want to exchange money - Dollars for Euros, Yen, whatever - do not go the banks.  Instead go to this place:  101 Convention Center Drive, Plaza 122 LV, NV 89109  I wanted to exchange $600.  Bank of America had wanted to give me 415 Euros + an $7.50 service change.  FME gave me 430 Euros and no service charge!  (They even paid for my parking!!!!)  WINNING!!!!!!!!!!!  Bob
2 I am incredibly surprised that this business has such high reviews. I was treated so rudely that I will never come back. I don't care if I have to pay a higher exchange rate.   I arrived around 8:15 & waited for them to open. I waited until 8:30 to walk in & politely asked the woman behind the counter if they were open. I didn't want to rush them if they weren't ready for customers yet. She rolled her eyes at me & nodded that they were indeed open. I told her what I needed & she gave a big exasperated sigh to show me how much of an inconvenience it was to help me. I guess if you need a currency other than Pounds or Euros, they don't have it & they get aggravated at you if you didn't know to place an order beforehand.   It totally would not have been a big deal if this lady wasn't so incredibly rude. Maybe she was just having a bad day, but if that's the case - don't come to work & act like an asshole to your customers.
5 First floor of PLAZA building.  Good exchange rate. Google said 39 they charged 41, much better than the banks.
5 The best place to exchange your currency in Las Vegas! Avoid travelex, banks, and hotels. This place gives you the best rates hands down.
5 Great transaction. Ladies are wonderful and gives you awesome advices.  Validated my parking stub too. Tip: we found place easily by reading other comments on here. Rates are awesome and worth the trip.
5 I'm so happy I found this place! They're friendly and no hassle at all! I just went today during my lunch break and I was in and out of the place in no time even with 2 people ahead of me! They also validated my parking which was super nice! This is definitely the place to get the most current exchange rate of any type of currency with NO added extra service fees! You got most here than you would at a bank or the airport! I'd call ahead to make sure they have the currency you need in case you need a lot of them. From now on, I'll only go to this place for any currency exchange.
