4 I am a platelet/plasma donor at this site.  I go once a month, and I have almost completely positive things to say about everyone here.  I left off one star because of a phlebotomist who just doesn't seem to give a damn doing the job correctly.  She has the personality of a slug and she moves a tad faster than that.  In the nine years I have been going to this center, there has been a large turnover.  I think people get trained, get some experience, and then move on to better paying jobs.  Still, the act of donating blood or its components is one of the most satisfying things you can do.  It takes an investment of time but the rewards are great.  In addition, free cookies and gifts after the donation aren't bad, either.  And, you accumulate points.  I have enough points now for 15 free movie tickets.  Not bad.  Go and join the blood crew who do this regularly.
4 I understand what people are saying about the calls. I received one today after they thought I had missed my appointment. It's not a big deal to me, though. I politely told him that I did go and to remove my name from their call list--I'm happy to return in a couple of months and they really don't need to be calling me.  As for the facility, it hasn't changed since I last donated in 2005. Yes, I know it's been ages. The entire process was pretty painless (literally and figuratively). Since I was doing the plasma thing, they gave me a blanket and I'm glad. I remember getting chilly the last time.  The staff are mostly friendly and bubbly. It's not that anyone is unfriendly, but the person who started me off didn't seem to have much of a personality. That's no biggie. I only mention it because I am staring right at Norm K's review as I type this.  Anyway, I'm glad I finally went back. I'll definitely be returning in a couple of months.
4 I popped in because, well, I always give blood.  But Yelp nudged me towards this location, where the only downside is that it's really cold inside!  If you can stomach wearing a sweater, then you're all set.  It was relatively fast and they had a nice staff to help me through getting in and out.  Be sure to remember to not strain yourself, and not take for granted the fact that you're much easier to get intoxicated afterwards!  Don't!
5 The easiest way to save a life is to give blood, and UBS is a great place to do that.  Me, I just do it for the cranberry juice and cookies.
5 I come every 8 weeks to this place and I am always getting amazing service.  I have never waited more then 20 minutes to be seen and the staff is so friendly. And I NEVER make an appointment.  I always feel that the person doing the initial interview to check my blood pressure and so on is so kind and sweet. Always making me feel like I am their friend, we often get into conversation about work and family. The facility is nice and clean and has a wide variety of goodies for after you give blood.  And a big plus, they always give you  show tickets to show their appreciation for your donation!
5 I got motivated to write this review after finding out Yelp sponsored National Volunteer Blood Donor Month! Yay Yelp! I always try to encourage others to donate. It's really one of the easiest ways to save lives and help others.  This location is set up as their "HQ" for their blood centers. I visit the other locations as well depending on convenience. I have also done their drives they do at school, casinos, etc. This location is my favorite as far as comfort goes, they have more room inside so it's not as cramped and their TVs are hanging from the ceiling so you don't have to hold a little player on your lap.   You sign in at the front desk, appointments are not necessary but recommended. Always remember to bring your card if you have one. They give you a couple sheets to read through while you're waiting to be called back for your interview. Once called back, they go through an interview with a lengthy questionnaire which includes questions about travel, sexual behavior, drug use, general health, and other risk factors like if you've had a tattoo applied in the past year or have been in jail or prison since your last donation. It's like a really bad first date without the cocktails. They also check your iron level, blood pressure, and temperature at that time. They also keep track of your readings and cholestrol online, so you can look it up on their website and see how it's changed during your donations. If everything checks out well, then you're off to donate!   They have different options for donation. You can find out more here: http://www.unitedbloodservices.org/learnMore.aspx  I usually do pheresis, which takes the longest (about 2 hours for me though times vary per individual). The good news is they have a library of movies to choose from while you are donating pheresis. Or if you want to watch regular TV or read, that's fine too. Just remember, you only have the use of one arm/hand during this time so don't try to crochet or do your taxes during your blood donation. I don't mind when people talk on the phone, but I can tell it bothers other people trying to read or doing something else. This is the perfect time to catch up on movies you've never seen. I always try to pick ones that won't be too weird or awkward, kind of funny having a sex scene from a movie playing while people are walking by thinking you're a big perv. You do get your own set of headphones so you don't bother the people around you with the moaning and screaming.   They always keep the building pretty cold, and I get cold very easily which is weird considering all the fats I have to keep me warm. I usually come pretty layered (even during the summer), but they can provide you with blankets, heating pads, and heat packs. I've noticed the warmer I am, the smoother my donations go.   During the 5-6 years I've been coming here, I've only had one employee that didn't make my experience a great one. That's saying a lot, so they do a good job hiring the right people. I forget a lot of names (you can never see their name tages) and wish I could mention them in this review because they've all been so awesome during my visits. I notice a lot of employees go between offices to cover other people so I'll see different people in most of my visits. I almost always see Myrna (I think?) here who is such a sweetheart and knows what she's doing, I hope she never leaves this place. I make the machine beep a lot of the times, so they are always having to come to my machine to handle it, but they are good at not making me feel like a nuisance.   When you are done, they bandage you up with the color of your choice and tell you no alcohol for the rest of the day/night, no strenuous activities, drink plenty of fluids, make your next meal a hearty one, and if you smoke, you have to wait a little bit before you can light your next one, I forget how long. So basically, be lazy and eat well... no problem!  Then you hang out in the snack/refreshment area for 15 minutes. Good selection to choose from, especially if you have a sweet tooth. It's all free, but that doesn't mean you should pig out and stick a bunch of stuff in your bag (yes, I've seen it happen more than once).   You also build up points online with each donation that you can use in their rewards store online with a great selection of things to choose from. When you check out, they give you a nice gift as a thank you. It's usually show tickets, but there's been vouchers for food, movie tickets, and other neat items that I've enjoyed as well. This month, it was a ticket to enter a raffle drawing for a one year lease for a new Dodge Dart. I already purchased my new driving gloves  :P
5 January 2013 was the first time I used United Blood to donate some of my precious blood and plasma.  I know...sounds delicious.     Moving forward, I'm using United Blood Services to donate.  I'm told that I can donate as much as 3-4 times a year and feel it's my duty to do so. Signing up is easy (go online or stop in) and donating blood is a great way to give back.  Donating also serves as a good check if anything is wrong with you health wise.  Not a catch 22, but a "knock two birds with one stone" type of thing for me. The initial process includes a mini interview where they ask you a bunch of personal questions like how often you smush, if you're a drug user, and if you have any known diseases.  After you get past the questions, you're ready to donate.  I can't remember the name of the procedure, but chose the longer procedure.  I figure if I'm going to give, I'm giving a lot.   I can't end this review without commenting on the staff.  Overall, they are great, friendly, and at least have a decent enough personality to hold a conversation.  Maybe it's just me because I don't mind talking to strangers, especially if they have a large needle stuck up my arm.   On a side note, thanks to Mimi J. of Bakersfield. We're competing on review count for 2013, more like motivating each other.  She recently sent me a message about donating blood, on how she can't wait to donate so she can put a review in.  That's a true Yelper!! Her comments just reminded me to get this review in. I think I beat you to it Mimi J!!!
5 This location is OUTSTANDING! I come here every 8 weeks to donate blood and plasma.   I can't express enough how wonderful the staff is here. They are consistently friendly, personable, and ALWAYS make me feel comfortable when I come to donate. I think that is extremely important, especially for those that are needle-shy, or are nervous about the experience in general. They answer any questions or concerns you have, and help make you as comfortable as possible for your donating experience. Some of the women that work there have begun to recognize me, and greet me by name when I come in!  They usually take me right away for the interview and to check my vitals. After the health interview is done, it's just a few short minutes before they call me to be seated to donate. The area on the inside of my arm is cleaned, and when the needle is ready, they usually tell me to look away if I'd like. Just a quick pinch, and it's over.  I always try to encourage everyone to donate!  It's just small pinch that will make a world of difference to someone else.
5 I'm always impressed by the staff and the equipment at United Blood Services. I donate frequently and have never had a bad experience there.
4 The only reason I'm knocking this place stars is because of how long I was there today, much longer than usual at a whopping 2 hours. We had appointments at 2 and 2:30 and we opted to do individual screenings at the computers (the quicker method), and still sat around for 30 minutes before we went back to do the health screening.   Will this deter me from donating blood again? Unlikely. I appreciate that the staff always seems thankful when you come in, and I like the thought of making a small difference in my community (don't we all). So when they call me in a couple months, I'll definitely go back.   TIPS: Ask for heat packs if you get cold.  Bring something to read/play. Prepare for a wait.
4 A couple of months ago I donated blood for the first time, but it was at a NJ UBS facility.  This was the first time for Las Vegas.  The two places look the same and are run similarly, except that I think I waited a bit longer to be taken here.    The intake interviewer did a great job taking blood from my finger; normally I'd rather have gallons of blood taken from my arm before submitting to one little finger prick, but this time it was painless.  On the other hand, the arm puncture HURT!  I think both were due to the skills, or lack thereof, of the phlebotomists.  The room is very cold, but I was given a cozy blanket, and the procedure didn't take very long.  What did impress was what happened afterwards:  I thought I was fine, went outside to make a phone call, and nearly fainted.  Came back in and put my head down on the table, and the next thing I know people were throwing me onto the floor, head on a cushion, ice packs under my neck and other places that wouldn't be unmentionable, except that I can't remember where they shoved that ice!  After I felt better, I was led back to one of the "donation" chairs, fed juice and pretzels, and they had me rest for a while longer.  Kudos to the quick action and excellent care.  Despite the scary experience, I will go back.  Glutton for punishment?
5 Had a really good experience donating blood today. They receptionist was so sweet and helpful. And my interviewer Sharon was great she made me feel very comfortable even though she has to ask alot of awkward questions. I just had a wonderful experience and want everyone to try this location out.
5 I donated here this past December on the first Monday of my winter break.  I had been waiting for my work to do a blood drive, but it never happened so I decided to go in myself since it was in such a convenient location for me.  I didn't make an appointment, so I went in right when they opened at 8 am and ask if they could give a whole blood donation and they welcomed me in with no problem.  Everyone was super friendly and they seem very well organized.  I gave them my blood donor card, filled out the questionnaire on their computer, and was seen almost immediately for the first screening with a Phlebotomist.  After everything was all clear with my iron levels I was taking into a room with donation chairs and finished donating my blood in about 15 minutes.  They resting area is fully stock with plenty of water and juice.  They also have the best selection of cookies, I have ever had at a blood donation place (Yes they have Oreos and Milano's).  Next time I am able to donate, I will be back :)
1 I have had the same problem as other yelpers with the non stop calling.  ive asked to be removed from their calling list 3 separate occasions.  last night they called me past 9pm.  I would be happy to donate blood, but not if you are going to be blowing up my phone when I have asked you not to.  other than that, the staff here was nice and the place seemed clean.  the constant harassment has caused me to never step foot into another united blood service building.
