5 I heard of this place from an old co-worker.  I had had my final straw with the dealership for my car, and I was out of my mind with costs.  They wanted over $1,600 for several issues.  After going to Jack and Sons, they said that the repairs needed would be about $120.  The ancillary repairs were not required for my car to run, and they said it would cost another $800 if I chose to opt for those repairs.  "You're good for another year, at least."  Every time I go in there I feel like I'm being told what is actually happening to my car.  Actual repairs are at a fraction of their competitors'.  They have a loyal customer, here on out.
4 This place happens to be a few blocks away from my house nestled in the back of a strip mall with other car repair shops surrounding it. It's family owned and has been in business for over 10 years. The mechanics are pretty fast for small repairs like tail lights,headlights,and oil changes.  They have a small waiting area inside with TV,coffee..etc etc. If your in the Spring Valley area I highly recommend using their services.
5 Simply awesome, honest repair shop!  Cost me $1100 to fix 5 problems, so great deal for the money. Took 4 business days, but 3 of that was waiting 3 days for a dealer part. Even gave me referrals to get a paint job at a great price. And while I was there picking up my car, I heard them NOT upsell a customer and told the folks they didn't need that type of service. I was amazed! They have new loyal customers for sure!!
5 Honest shop, great people!
5 Kenny is wonderful!  Honest and reliable. You won't have to worry about being "taken to the bank" on auto repairs. I've used Kenny's services for 8 years and have recommended him to numerous friends.
5 I thought my clutch was going out on my Isuzu Rodeo. I called 7 different places about a clutch replacement and I was quoted anywhere from $850 to $1100. I was about to bite the bullet, when a friend recommended I call Kenny at Jack and Sons. Kenny asked me the one question no one else did. "Is it slipping out of gear or are you having trouble putting it in." He took the time to find out what was really wrong. End result. $338 and only a couple of hours. Awesome!! I found my mechanic. Trustworthy and honest. Thanks.
5 We've been taking our vehicles to Jack & Sons for a few years now. They were just down the street from us when we first used their services and we appreciate their work & honesty so much we continue to use them after moving further north. They only do the work that is needed and have never overcharged or done us wrong. We've often gone there thinking we had a huge problem w/ the car and they would call & say it was just a small issue w/ low cost. We trust them w/ all our auto needs & have referred many friends to them. Our friends have also had great experiences w/ Jack & Sons. Great service, nice people, & trustworthy: a difficult combo to find w/ a car repair shop.
5 My a/c on my 08 Honda wasn't working all the time just sometimes when it wasnt hot. Took it to Honda and they wanted $105 just to look at it. They said parts and labor would be extra if they found out what was wrong. Took it to Jack and Sons, he asked a few questions turns out it was the motor blower and I was out the door an hour later for just a little more than what Honda would have charged just to look at it. Thanks Jack and Sons.
5 So far, Jack & Sons have been fantastic. Extremely professional, great communication. Quality work. We take both our vehicles there and will refer them to all our family and friends.
1 I called to find out about a simple oil change and was quoted $45 !!! I inquired why so much given every place else charges $25-30 The guy was rude and said. "oil is not cheap these days. So have a nice day" and hung up. This place may have good reviews but the customer service needs much work!!! I don't feel anyone deserves to be treated like this.
5 So had take the van here because I was trying to do an oil change myself on it but stupid Terrible Herbst freaking tightened the crap out of the oil drain plug bolt and I could not hand-loosen it with my ratchet. I ended up stripping the bolt head as the socket and wrench I used slipped through the corners.   My buddy Bob, from the UNLV math office, recommended Jack & Sons and I knew I could trust him since he works on his own cars. I already had all the supplies to do an oil change so they simply charged me $25 to remove the plug and do the rest of the change. They used a vise grip which would've cost me $20 anyhow to buy and whole lot more frustration as I cannot lift the van very high. They also had it done in less than an hour and a half from when we dropped the van off, so it was totally worth it.   I am bringing my other car back for work on brakes and some other stuff.
5 Came here after reading good reviews on the repairs and prices. Had my husbands car towed in by a tow company they recommended (which was a fast, friendly, great price tow). Frank at the shop got to the car right away and called to let us know it was just the water pump. They replaced it and had it done in a few hours. The price was very fair compared to other shops in Vegas!! I feel I finally found an HONEST, FAIR, FAST shop for the family cars!! Highly recommend!!!
4 We've been bringing my best friend's car here for almost 2 years if something goes wrong.  They are nice, fast, and HONEST.  This last visit was pricey, but they gave a very detailed report of what they did, and the cost breakdown.   I like them, and when I do get my own car, I will bring it to jack & Sons.
5 Needed to get my car serviced. Dropped off my car and told them what I needed. The staff as a whole were very professional and friendly. They did all that was needed and nothing more. The price for what was done was very reasonable. I will definitely be taking my car here from now on.  If you need a lot done on your car, make sure you drop it  off early in the morning right at 7. They are closed Saturday and Sunday.
5 After our clutch went out in just about the worst place possible--one mile from the Hoover Dam--we called our Vegas friends and asked what we should do!  They said to take the car to Jack and Sons on Russell Road, that they do good work and are reasonably priced.  I really wish we had a Jack and Sons in San Diego.  They not only completed the work by the end of the day, they were extremely FRIENDLY the whole time, were never annoyed by my calling to check in, and the price, well I thought it was going to be a couple hundred more than what it ended up being.  So they are VERY fair!  If I ever dare to drive to Vegas again, these guys are on speed dial.
