5 La Playita is fantastic!  The food and service can't be beat.  If you like Mexican seafood dishes, this is the place to be in Vegas!
5 This is one of the best authentic Mexican restaurants that I have found in Las Vegas. Very fresh seafood and all the other food on the menu is amazing. It's a small restaurant and doesn't look like much but the food is absolutely perfect. The staff is friendly and the prices are great. I would recommend this restaurant to anybody. Me and my family go there all the time.
5 THE PLACE FOR SOME GOOD MARISCOS!!  Great and friendly service.  Pretty good quality seafood for the amount you're paying.  Started with some chips and salsa--and I must say that's some good homemade salsa and chips.  I had the vuelva a la vida (shrimp, octopus, oyster seafood cocktail).  I love to throw some Chalula and squeeze two lemons in it. So damn good, cold and refreshing in the summer time.  Also had their michelada (bloody beer)--a definite must!  They have the bottles sugarcane Coca Colas.  Also tried their butterfly fried fish--which tasted amazing.  Tasted like pancakes with grilled onions and side of salad, rice, and tortillas. Such a far drive from where I live, but I will definitely go back.
5 Yum yum! This place looks like a hole in the wall, has barred windows and Spanish speaking only staff and also has excelente food! I got a small mixed ceviche - fish, shrimp and octopus and it was delectable. Two $3 cervezas later I had a beef taco (tiny but good) and a pork tamale (decent, yes!). This place gets a thumbs up from me. So many yummy Mexican seafood options. :p
4 I personally loved the food here. I had a carne asada burrito and it was seasoned perfectly. The flavors with all the ingredients it came with was very good. I think the rice was also seasoned well and the beans were nice. I'd say that the food gets a perfect 5 stars. However I am rating this 4 stars due to the small size of the restaurant. It was incredibly hard to get around in that place, especially when its busy. The location seems a bit dumpy as well. I remember passing by it all the time thinking eww, but after reading reviews and seeing this restaurant on Best Of Las Vegas's website, I had to give it a chance. The other factor that brings this down to 4 stars is the fact that they don't serve fountain drinks. They only serve bottle/can beverages, so don't expect free refills. Overall, a solid 4 out of 5 and worth the price as well.
4 This place is great, a little hole in the wall just before Carey on Pecos Rd. It's $$ in cost, but worth going to! Staff is great and friendly. I had the shrimps wrapped in bacon stuffed with cheese, costa azul and it was delish!
