4 Papa John's Pizza {@PapaJohnsVegas} just @offthestrip on E Desert Inn Rd serves up pizza with FRESH ingredients.  I haven't eaten here in years and I was extremely suprised how rockin good it was!!  Awesome pizza-fresh meats ,great sauce,nice crust and the dessert turnovers are ADDICTING!!! Get 2 orders you won't regret it:)  BEST thing is you
3 First off, the parking for this particular location is pretty awful. There's only 3 awkwardly placed spots in the front of this store, and there's a hotel to the right of it.  I had a coupon for a free small cheese pizza (carryout only), so of course I took advantage of it -- I've always been a fan of Papa John's. The person I ordered from said that it was going to take about 15 minutes, but it probably was closer to 10 minutes, so not bad~ The pizza itself was good; I found no faults with it. However, the pepperoncinis that were put inside my pizza box were really dry and inedible. I'd rather they not put it in at all if that was going to be the case.
1 Awful
3 I am in the middle of moving and after taking my 1000000 trip ;) I was NOT GOING TO COOK!  Pizza please, close place and staff seemed good on phone.  I do however have 2 complaints following now...  This spot is great, looking for a nearby spot from our move PLEASE FEED ME!  So hungry and so tired after the move just wanted some food...  We decide Pappas I am an ever so slight a newb so I look online for a menu.   First complaint I cannot find a menu online unless I put in a password and a whole bunch of crap.  I LOVE  pizza but do not order it enough to put all my info in just to see if I even want your pizza.  So my comment to you is why make me do that?  If someone told me to order your Pizza Im gonna give it a try but give me the option and be people friendly.  So any ways I had to call the Pizza shop just to ask if they had a sausage and lots of veggie kinda Za and a price.  To my happy  and knowing surprise (who doesn't have this kinda pizza) the guy on the phone was cool was not annoyed at all the I was a semi virgin.  I told him what I wanted and he made it happen, not a hard task but we were happy, also SUPPER happy that is was on sale. I walk in to the shop and tell them my name and the guy at the counter says " I think i'm the one who talked to you on the phone"  Kinda cool and personable they also yelled out in the back, HIHIHIHI kinda weird but cool as well (felt like I was suddenly transported to starbucks).  My second complaint is I am kinda annoyed by having to pay for garlic butter sauce.  It is only 49 cents but when I asked and he told me I realized there were already 2 in the box then he charged me for 2 more.  I don't need 4 just tell me "hey I threw a few in the box"  I'll tip you but charge me when you already gave me some?  Ugghh...  The Za was fresh crust in-between thick/thin the veggies were ok not super fresh but good, I have had better sauce it was sparse a good ZA is one that can combine it all This is not combined that is why you need to pay the extra 49 cents for garlic butter to make it better ;) good but not great...
1 The person answering the phone was great, friendly , knew her stuff! I placed the order which  was around $30. I informed her that I was paying in cash and with a 100 dollar bill. At this point I was placed on hold and then instructed that unless I was paying by card my order was not honored. I did not have a credit card on me and she said she would see what she could do. " Manager says credit only, will not except $100 bill."  "sorry, it is his call, not mine. He makes the rules" FINE, my new rule is to order from DOMINO'S . PAPA JOHNS JUST LOST A CUSTOMER FOR LIFE. BTW, I am in the food and beverage industry. I always find a way to keep customers happy. PAPA it was a good run, will not see you again!
1 Good Evening,  This is not an email that I would like to take the time to write this evening to you at Papa John's as I have historically been a very happy customer. In fact I would much rather be writing to you to tell you how wonderful my experience was vs. how embarrassing, and inappropriate it has been.  The order you see below in the attached email was one that I placed for my family while I am traveling in Arizona on business. I wanted to treat them to a favorite of theirs, which as you can see by our order history on our account we are consistent and happy customers ordering pizza every month, more or so.  This order below however may change who I choose to do business with for several reasons.  Being away from my family I thought I would provide them with a treat and order them pizza to be delivered to our home in Las Vegas. I had no problem as usual placing the order online (I even used my iPhone) with the "local" location (Store #2820). My family were quite excited about this and I felt good being able to treat them since I was not home. All went smoothly, the delivery person was allowed through our security gate after a call TO ME to confirm that they were allowed access. What transpired next is absurd and causes me to question my continuation of business with Papa John's. The delivery person requested from my wife my credit card so that they could take an imprint of it on the receipt. Of course my wife did not have the card as this pizza was a gift and I am not at home. They explained to her that they require my card and signature in order to allow my wife to take the pizza or they would be unable to hand it over to her. This caused her embarrassment, and grief, as she knew this was supposed to be a gift from me and not something she was going to have to pay for herself. However our children were hungry, and my wife being 7.5 months pregnant also was hungry having waited the requisite time for the delivery and so provided her payment to the individual.  At no time was I contacted by the delivery driver about the need for my card to be present. At no time in the past has a driver instructed me to provide my exact payment card. Nowhere I could find on your website does it say you must provide the same card for an imprint.  I have ordered pizza from Papa Johns before, for business luncheons as I at times must provide lunch for training meetings of up to 13-15 large pizza's, multiple 2 liter bottles of soda etc... I am now questioning if this is something that I want to do with a company that is going to behave this way. I shudder to think if this were a gesture towards a customer as opposed to my family where I wanted to send lunch to reward them and the delivery driver demanded payment from them because I was not present.  This is simply unacceptable. I recognize that perhaps they are looking out for fraudulent behavior... however I would suspect that a company that tracks its customers order through a reward system and even offers to HOLD my credit card information "for me" would be able to identify when fraudulent behavior was afoot and address it then. All the store/delivery driver had to do was look at our account history, look at the names on the credit cards and see that they all match up to recognize that this was not anything other than a gift to my family.   Nowhere on your site does it say that you must present the card utilized for the order. In fact you confirm all of the information on the website during the order process INCLUDING the 3 digit check-sum code on the backside of the card.  Your website states the following:   "PapaJohns.com makes it easy to get your favorite Papa John's food fast. When you register to create an account, you can save Faves and the website will remember your delivery store and past orders. All of your personal information is safely stored in your profile, so it's a snap to update personal information, add new credit cards and more.  To order online, just add items to your cart, customize them just the way you like them, then use our easy checkout process. We'll send you a confirmation email that includes all the details of your order.  Ordering while away from home? Finding a Papa John's store in a new location is easy - just enter the ZIP code to find the stores nearest you, including a delivery location. "   I expect a reply and remediation of this ex post haste. In addition I would like the charges to my wife's credit card be reversed (I included a $5.00 tip even to the driver) and that the charges be placed properly on my business expense credit card, which I utilized for the order.
1 Papa John himself would be disappointed in the level of quality in the pizza's (3) that I received on 08/03/2013. I placed an order online from the 1010 E Desert Inn Rd. location for the special that they had for 3 medium/ 3 topping pizza's thinking that I will do something special for my wife, since she didn't eat anything at work. This was my first time I ever ate Papa John's. Everything was great when ordering and the delivery driver calling to let me know that she is 10 minutes away. When she arrive at our hotel at 7:20PM, I gave her a tip and accepted the pizza's without ever looking at them. As soon as I sat down with my wife in our hotel room, we looked at the pizza's and it looked like the pizza's were cold (cheese getting firm as if it were sitting out long). I called the Papa John's location and spoke with the manager around 7:30PM. He had offered to get new ones sent. I called back at 7:42PM asking the manager if we should give the old pizza's back to the driver that is coming to drop of the new pizza's, he then said that we didn't need to. So my wife and I were so hungry and waited for the pizza's to arrive. We had the opportunity to stare at the cold pizza's and realized how skimpy the toppings were and one of the pizza's looked burnt on the bottom. One pizza for example, had anchovies, chicken and onions. We couldn't even see the chicken and onions, so it looked like an anchovy pizza. I had time to take nice pictures of them. I called the Papa John's location again around 8:32PM. I was so upset that we haven't received the pizza's yet. They said that the driver went to the wrong address and should be there shortly and that the pizza's were piping hot out of the oven. I doubt that they were piping hot, especially arriving late. At 8:44PM, the driver called me and said that he was outside the hotel. I told him to send the pizza's back because it was late already, one hour and 14 minutes later from the time that I called at 7:30PM to get the replacement pizza's. I filled out a feedback form online at the Papa John's website the same night. It is already 08/07/13 and I still haven't received a call from who ever it may concern. I am sorry, but the way that Papa John talks about his business is different from what I experienced. The quality presented by his employee's do not match up to what his values are. I can't say that there were better ingredients if there were hardly any topping on the pizza's.
1 Terrible service!
1 I will never order from Papa John's again!! The worst customer service I have ever experienced. I have called and spoke to the manager about my complaint and he has blown me off every time. I ordered 20 pizzas for an event at my work, on the company credit card and these people cant even provide me with a receipt! I have been asking for one for 4 weeks now, and still nothing... I finally had to declare the receipt lost (as per company policy) but damn Papa John's... GET IT TOGETHER!!
3 I normally order online using their phone app, as when you sign-up for rewards you get some really great deals.  I rarely pay more than $8 for a large pizza and one time I paid $11 for an XL.  They always have my pizza ready on arrival and show me the pie for handing it to me.  I normally only come here if the price is cheaper than Pizza Hut though.
4 Tried their new Greek pizza. Very good. The guy that took my order said "for sure" after everything I said.
4 Much better customer service this time around. We tried the Greek pizza which was delicious! We generally do pick up and we were able to pick it up less than 20 minutes after we ordered
5 First time ordering at this location and it was excellent, the female who answered the phone spoke loud and clear, was very descriptive about my order. Offered some of their deals, & the delivery was faster than expected! Got my order not even 20 minutes after I called. Excellent!
