4 In a wreck, need a wreck?  Ever wonder what happens to your car after the insurance company tells you it's been totaled?  Not me.  Had it not been for the fact that I did not gather all my personal belongings (read: coins under the seat cushions and that one toy my son will NOT forget about), I would never have know a place like this existed.    So what is it?  Basically a salvage yard where cars get stored, then sold for parts or to be fixed and made road-worthy again.  Had I not been looking for it, I would not have noticed the unassuming gate.  Yup, I'm pretty oblivious to the world, considering it's a freaking ELECTRIFIED FENCE.    So why am I reviewing this place?  Because it's one of those images burned into my retinas.  Dude, there are soooooo many cars here (yet another reason periodic driving ability tests should be mandatory).  There are ones with the entire rear ends ripped off.  Others that look like they could be driven off the lot.    And you can actually bid on these things!  I might have to go back just for shits and giggles to see how much my car will fetch.
1 We tried to sell my wifes ford escort at this location. Her car is a one owner clear title excellent running car with low miles. Never been smoked in, never been in an accident. Drives fine & the engine purrs like a kitten. We tried for several weeks no luck. Copart could not sell it so we paid the $80.00 retrieved the vehicle & posted it on ebay. Guess what? Copart posted all over the internet that it was a salvage vehicle! Not true! Never ever try to sell your car at co part! Take my advice!
1 I donated my car to the Southern Nevada Red Cross, and Copart was the middle-man company that came to pick it up. I was told the pick-up time would be anywhere from 8am to 5pm, and that I needed to be home. I took the entire day off to facilitate them. I received a call at 1pm saying someone was on their way; no one showed up. I received another call at 3pm saying someone was on their way; no one showed up. I called them at 4:50 and the girl was rude, telling me they can pick up after 5pm, and she wasn't the one that called me so it wasn't her issue. I asked to speak to a supervisor and she was extremely rude as well. She never apologized for my inconvenience or for the mistakes on their end. She rudely asked, "Did someone even tell you that you needed to be there for pick-up?" I responded, "You want the keys and title, don't you?" She had no response and put me on hold. She came back on to say the driver would call me. He never did, but he showed up at 5:10.   They were a complete hassle and their customer service is awful.
