1 This store is horrible and way over priced. I received a Christmas gift from there and it was way too big. The sales associate actually convinced my mom into buying the larger top. I wear a medium and am busty, but an extra large is offensive and looked awful on me. I wanted to exchange the top, but the owner would not let me. Avoid this store. Just go to Savers or Buffalo Exchane.
1 I use to love this place When I first started to go there last year. Now I agree with previous reviewer. Owner is very rude. I did 2 consignment clothing there. On this last trip getting final payment she was completely rude and insulting to me on the phone when I called about money do to me. Insulted me when I wanted to pick up my clothing and my final payment. She said I was one of the few who would come back worried about picking up their clothes and getting their final payment. Of course they are my clothes and my money!! I have purchased clothes ... taken friends and family and recommended them. The only reason I can think of why she would take offense at me picking up my clothes, is the contract said if you do not pick them up they become the property of fashion exchange. I have seen many tags outdated long pass the 90 day contract. This means When she sells the clothes left behind she makes 100% profit. Very unethical rude. I will not set foot in the store again nor would I ever recommend any friends family or neighbors to go there. There are many other nice places in town that treat you respectfully. I will be taking my business to ritzy rags down the street.
1 Saw store online, arrived more than an hour before website said they closed. I drove all the way across the Valley to find them closed. Even the door said they should be open. Odd. So I thought give it another chance. Came back again through nightmare traffic all the way across town.  Mentioned how I had stopped by the day before and was so surprised they were closed, counter woman was very very nice and professional however the woman who I am sure was the owner could not have cared less if I was a customer or not. She was unbelieveable. I know she had heard how I came and they were closed (randomly) so it's about 20 minutes until they are supposed to close and she asks me if I know their new summer hours. I let her know no I do not I am a first time customer to your establishment. I felt so unwelcome, she was hovering!! I saw a cute pair of shoes the only pair in the store that were my size, as the sales woman was ringing up my purchases. The owner who btw was still hovering so I mention oh a pair in my size! Do you have footies? I am wearing sandals and naturally do not want to try them on with out footies, she says yes we do, and stands there. Obviously I want to try them on to possibly PURCHASE but no, she could care less if you are a customer or not. While I was browsing a lovely lady came in with what she hope to drop off for consignment, I felt the owner was very short with her as well. Just a blunt NO I  cannot take anything right now. Probably because business is down!! The poor customer service could be the issue. Honestly, she had nice items and I would shop there again if not for the unwelcome attitude. No matter what I will not go back. I do not shop where I feel unwelcome.
5 This is a wonderful store.  Store has a wide selection of clothes, purses and shoes.  Lady at the counter is extremely helpful and nice.  There are clothes that still have tags on them.  Be sure to check out this Gem in the Desert... The store carries all the designers.    You will be pleasantly surprised.  I walked out with a beautiful designer jacker that still had the original tag on it...The price was excellent...  Loved my purchase.
