5 I have lived here in these apartments for 2 years with my wife. They have 3 pools and the people who work in the office are very helpful. Very nice area and quiet. If you have dogs and can't find anywhere to go come here they allow evey type of dog and all sizes. Great for any couple trying to get out on there own not to expensive and only 15 minutes from the strip. Very nice
4 My husband and I moved out here because of his military career, we couldn't find an apartment complex that was close to base that would accept our dog. She's considered a Pit/American Bull mix. Summerlin accepts any dog and size which is very nice. They have a gym that is offered when you live here, the gym isn't the best. There is one treadmill and a couple other outdated fitness equipments. They do have very good attitudes and are there to answer any questions or concerns. They make sure that their tenants are happy. They have three different swimming pool just because the apartment complex is so huge, though they only have a hot tub in two of the swimming pools. It's not located too far from the strip either if your looking to just take a drive on a boring night. Its just a straight shot down Sahara St. Whenever we have had a maintenance problem, the guys are usually down the day we call it in to the office to fix whatever it may be right away which is always nice.
1 if i could give this place less stars i would, its a dump, the front office boss, a tall lady bigger lady is completely condescending and rude, worst apartment I've ever lived
2 So  this complex has 2 sides: the quiet one bedroom side and the "family side"... If you live on the quiet side, it's fantastic. However, if you live on the east side of the complex where all the three bedrooms are located, it's ghetto. After dark is plain scary. The easternmost entrance usually has anywhere from 5-20 youths hanging in front of it, drinking and smoking weed. They do drug deals out there all day but it gets worse in the evening.   At all times of day and night, you can hear everything from fighting, yelling and screaming, to bass thumping your windows. Many times I've been woken up at 2 am by our wonderful neighbors across the parking lot with their music so loud it is literally shaking my building. I've personally ask them to turn it down(they dont), complained to the office about it (say "we can't control our tenants at that time of night), and finally,  at my wits end, called the police. I didn't even get the address fully out and the dispacher said "oh Summerhill again"... Yea that's how often lvmpd is called to come out here. I moved in February of 2013 and have called the police 14 times since moving in-noise issues, people waiving guns in front of my window,  domestic violence, and vandalism.   The only reason I gave the 2nd star is because the layout of the apartment itself is nice. Aside from paper thin walls,  the master and 2 bedrooms are huge, the garden tub in the master is awesome, and the patio is wonderful, when you can use it without idiots bothering you. The office was great during our once a month rent deposits, except for when I had questions regarding the end of my lease. In trying to get my required 60 day notice to them, one of the office staff members  who doesn't speak a lick of English,  gave me wrong information and couldn't answer other questions I had. Glad I called to clarify.
