4 These guys rock.  I had bought a suit at their store in Denver and those dorks managed to put the wrong size jacket into my bag which I didn't notice till I took it out to get it tailored in the Vegas store.  The awesome staff in the Vegas store swapped me out with the correct size, no problem.  In fact it was their idea.  Their tailor was fabulous and did a bang-up job.  This store is one of the older men's stores, with lots of great, high quality garb, in conservative style that never gets old.  Also with frequent sales which make them affordable.  I got a $900 suit for ~$450 during their yearly half-off sale.  Sweeeet!
2 I tried to get advantage of the 2 for 1 sale on a Tuesday. With the sales man's assistance I bought 2 suites.   Took them home and never felt good about the way they looked. The suites were straight off the rack, never tailored.   I returned to the store and explained that compared to others I have,  these didn't fit quite well. A different sales man  took a look at them and realized that they were too big, definitely not my size. Very kindly he proceeded to show me smaller sizes so I could tried them on. I ended up exchanging both pieces.   Went home feeling better about the whole thing. A week passed and I tried them on again.  Pants were OK but the coats definitely needed to be adjusted, specially in the shoulder area. Went back to the store to ask about the in-house tailor services. I was advised by a different sales man (the 3rd one) to return the next day becasue tailor was out for the day. So I went back next day. Tailor looked at the suites and suggested that they were too small. The original sales guy was there and measured me (btw lifting part of my shirt without permission, to measure my waist, very uncomfortable). It turns that I needed a suit like 3 sizes bigger. Then the litany from the fkn guy about how  "there is no way the other suites could've fit you" and getting unsolicited express lessons about the way to wear dress pants ("you have to wear them at belly height").  Feeling very frustrated but kindly, I requested to be refunded which the sales man agreed but not before acting like a complete prick and borderline bully. HE (?) was upset I guess that it was my fault that I was not satisfied with the suites. Recall this was my 4th time in the store and I always received assistance. I guess next time I'll just take some pieces off the rack since some guys there are useless.   The attitude of the guy really pissed me off. There are so many other stores with better customer service. The only reason I rated them with 2 stars is because 1) I got refunded 2) two foreign sales men (sales men 2  & 3) were genuinely trying to work with me and were enthusiastic about me leaving happy with the suites. The annoying guy is the assistant manager or manager. The same guy to whom the first time I requested to use my federal tax exempt and didn't bother to try if it was possible ("we don't do that here"). Lazy cat.    This was my first experience with a Jos A Bank store. I needed some suites for every day work. Guess this is not my place.
1 Scheduled an appointment for 10:30 for a fitting for a rental tux. Arrived at the store only to find out that the individual who does the rental fittings does not come in till 11. When asked why we could set an appointment for a time when the employee was not even scheduled to work and commented that this was very inconvenient we were brushed off and told that if we wanted to we could look at the catalogs in the back. Where has the concept of customer service gone?
1 I do not like writing negative reviews... but this one is TRULY to help brides and grooms out there who are looking for a place to rent or buy tuxes/suits. Do not go to Jos. A. Bank.   We were not treated well the ENTIRE time. They were inconvenienced when we made any requests to verify our order, only to find out every time that something was wrong in the order. We had to verify 6+ times that our order for 5 groomsmen was right, and every time something was wrong, and they never once offered an apology let along a discount/refund- nothing!  After thoroughly making sure that everything was correct (on our part, they didn't help at all), the items came in not only incorrect (all the ties were the wrong color, two of our groomsmen had the wrong shoes, and one three of the groomsmen's suits didn't fit) but three of the five suit shirts, vests and jackets were DIRTY (including the grooms)! At a minimum they could have ensured that the grooms suit looked good.   They were no help the day we received the suits with all of these errors and said they could get us replacements the evening of May 4th- we were getting married at 9:00 a.m. on May 4th! They didn't offer a refund, or assist in any way. So our groomsmen wore dirty, discolored items.   After the wedding, my husband attempted to go through the store workers to get help, but they were not interested in helping. Eventually, my husband got to a supervisor and they offered to give us one suit for free. ONE. It's terrible.   And then of course, after the wedding a few of our friends asked if we went there, and said, "oh I could have told you they were terrible"! Ha ha. Great help that was!  I just want to give other brides and grooms the chance to not have such a horrible experience. Don't go there. It's not worth it. Go anywhere else, go somewhere where "renting" is their business.   I wish this wasn't what happen to us, but it is... I just hope our review will help others.
