5 Good customer service good food and for a good price. My wife and I went for breakfast and she got the country fried steak and eggs, she gets it everytime and I do have to say it is amazing. I got the new biscuits and gravy, not bad but also not the greatest. I have had better but they have other selections that are much better.
4 We had pretty good customer service and wasn't expensive.
5 Old reliable "IHOP".  This location has friendly wait staff and the breakfasts are always well prepared and tasty.  Much better than other places like "De**ys*.  Much cleaner and better quality.
2 This review is for IHOP at village center Summerlin. We ate breakfast this morning had beef omelet, international crepe w/ scrambled egg beater bacon and sausage. This not my first time to eat at  this particular location ,its near my house and church, my experience today is the egg was so dry, bacon and sausage dripping in fat and not crispy but chewy. Adding to my frustration the waitress was cold ,  she came to my table a few times to attend to our needs never seen smile on her face.
1 Everyone raves about IHOP, but I think it is totally overpriced and disgusting.   I rather go to Denny's.   The last time I went here our bill was $60 for 4 people- that is a little ridiculous... especially when my order was not right, and my food was cold.   Disgusting... who wants to eat cold eggs with their french toast.   I was so disappointed.
3 Had a coupon for a two for one entree and happened to be cruisin by so stopped in.  Since it was dinner time opted for tilapia and M had the shrimp.  Food was cafeteria style 'ok'.  Nothing to yelp about, but not bad.  Did I really say 'nothin to yelp about'?  Doh!  Brocoli was overcooked but tilapia was tasty.  Shrimp? meh.  I could be a fan of the potatos though.  Wait staff was friendly so I give this place a few stars for their kind effort.  Final ticket was $22 after the discount.  I would have felt jipped if I paid the full price.  A tad spendy for what you get.
1 Everyone loves IHOP, especially me. Normally you can't go wrong.. btu this time it was different. We usually go to the one located on rainbow but this time we thought we would try the one closer to our house.   ONE BIG ASS MISTAKE! rating; 1.5  Problems; Walked in and took forever to be seated. The place was empty except two other tables. He NEVER brought us silverware. My salad had 8 pieces of lettuce and the rest was carrots and those purple pieces. GROSS! My crap was over stuffed with cheese to where ti was ozzing out. NASTY! there was almost no apples or whip on it. My daughters pancakes were cold. He charged us for her food even though, it said everywhere KIDS EAT FREE. dummy. then he didn't take it off of our bill cause we were using AAA card. um, so what? they should eat free anyways. it works at all the other IHOPS. He never came and took our plates so we had to pile everything at one end. By the end of our meal we had 8 plates stacked up.  My husbands food had literally 10 fries. talk about skimpy! Ive never been so disappointed in service or food. Instead of looking after his tables he was constantly sitting down and talking to the cooks in spanish. DO YOUR DAMN JOB!  Good things; -refilled our drinks & brought extra ranch.... whoopieeee! (NOT)  Dont waste your time, go somewhere else!
1 We walked in and were ignored from the word go. There was a customer at the counter to dispute a discount that should have been given to her, and immediately the cashier and the manager began arguing about it. The argument continued to escalate until I made a comment out loud about arguing in front of new customers. Then both the manager and the cashier made rude comments. I also observed that tables had not been bussed and the overall appearance was dirty. We turned and left as well as the couple that walked in behind us. If the rating system allowed negative stars this place is a negative 2. You don't fight with customers. Don't even consider eating here.
3 Service staff was friendly, though a little slow. Pretty busy for a Wednesday late morning.  Food was your standard iHop fare. I appreciate being able to sub egg whites and fruit for a bit of a healthier start. Overall positive experience.
3 (this review is breakfast only)  Actually wish I could do half ratings as I would give this IHOP a 2 1/2. For kids I give it a 4. They do great kids specials like smiley faced pancakes, fruit, etc. For adults, well the food is mediocre at best.  I guess it is the whole national chain thing but the choices aren't as varied as other breakfast restaurants, the flavor is lacking, the presentation mediocre and the restaurant is not the cleanest.  It is edible. The hash browns are actually pretty well prepared but the omelet i have had the last two times just wasn't good. I have had better omelets in buffets at the Omelet station.  Still, if you want an inexpensive breakfast that will satisfy your hunger if not your thirst for flavor, this is a good place.  The benefit of a chain is you know what you are getting no matter the location.  The drawback, well creativity and flavor.  Still, my daughter likes it and it is walking distance from my house so it stays in the rotation.
2 I have been here a few times and every time I regret it. The service is beyond slow. Literally waited over an hour yesterday morning to be served 2 omelets. I was late for somewhere else I needed to go because of the ridiculously slow service. It wasn't even that busy so no excuse. When I questioned and asked the waitress where the food was because it was an extremely long time since we ordered and I had to be somewhere, she checked and said he just got yours started. Mind you, this was after already waiting 45 minutes. Won't go back unless I have all morning to waste.
4 IHOP in L.V. It's consistent.
3 This loction is ok. The meals were ok. The service on this vist was exceptionally friendly.
4 The food was really good, the service was good, and its really close to where I live, ill be back :)
3 The service here is always friendly. It's never too crowded. The food is good, but pretty expensive for pancakes and eggs.  There is not much on the menu whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner for under $10 per plate. Add a coffee or drink and that's another three dollars.  While I like IHOP, I'd rather go to a nicer place. The last time I ate there my husband got breakfast I got a sandwich and we both got a Coke and it was $30 not including tip.
3 This iHop was ok. The food was alright, has small quantities and very expensive on breakfast items even though its dinner time. The staff was alright but slow.
3 It was ok. I ordered the rooty tooty pancake deal (had a free birthday coupon for it, otherwise I would have gone with something else) and specifically asked for the blueberries on the side. When the order came out, the waiter said "rooty tooty, blueberries on the side" and set the plate in front of me. The pancakes had a massive mound of blueberries directly on top. To be fair, the blueberries had overflowed and were also on the side of the pancakes too, but that's really not what I meant. I didn't feel like addressing the issue, so I just scraped half of them off.   Overall, it's ok, but don't expect much if you order something on the side.
1 Here I go again trying to give a one star review a second chance. Bad idea.  Call in our order. Come 20 mins later and it's completely wrong. They say they need to re make all four meals. Wait there sitting another 15 mins. It's all ready says the cashier and surprise surprise.. It's wrong again. The waitress comes forward and looks at the cashier like she's dumb. So I'm assuming this happens often? She apologizes and says do I want to wait another 15 mins? No! So I become annoyed and say I will take whatever is there. Luckily the waitress takes a meal off because she says she feels bad the cashier messed it up twice. Get home and in the end I was missing an entire meal, so the meal she took off I really didn't get any compensation for.   Third times a charm an I'm not goin to come back to chance it
