4 I've never actually eaten here, but I ordered a pie from here two months ago.  See, I saw a commercial on TV saying they were having a $5.99 or $6.99 pie sale, and I seemed to remember that they had a delicious Peanut Butter Pie many years ago, so I called them and asked them if they still had it.  They told me they didn't have them ready, but I could order one and pick it up the next day.  I did, and it was delicious.    My roommate: "Don't ever get this again." Me: "Why, cuz it's so damned good?" Him: "Yes!"
1 I had lunch with 4 friends. The service was bad; we had to call out in chorus to get the waitress's attention after she delivered the food. She never checked on the table again, or even looked our way. I ordered a cheeseburger and onion rings. She delivered french fries instead. The hamburger had gristle and unpleasant hard things in it when I bit down. Ugh.
2 I'd really give this 2.5 stars, but three would be too many.  I had the Classic Cobb Salad.  My wife had the Lemon Grilled Chicken.  Service was good, but the place is just so so.  I think it's well over-priced for what you get.  No appetizers, no desserts, two iced teas and the above dishes and our bill was $33 before tip.  I did feel quite good, however, when I realized that the median age of the people in the place was greater than my age.  Geez, a youngster out on a date.  That's OK though.  I know the Callendar's draws a large clientele of gray hairs like me and I'm cool with that.  I guess the only reason to visit Marie anymore is to have some pie and some coffee or tea.
3 I met up here with a friend to chit chat over a meal. We usually meet up at Krazy Buffet but since I had a wake up call with my health I'm trying to eat better! I'm no expert so I'm just playing everything by ear.   They had this great soup and salad deal going on for around $8.00. I had the Apple Gorgonzola & Walnut Salad with the cheese on the side though. It came with Cranberries, Candied Walnuts, Green Apples with Balsamic vinaigrette. It also came with a small Hearty Vegetable soup that wasn't salty. They were both really good ...I didn't feel disappointed in my choices because it wasn't bland or unexciting.
5 Pies, pies and more pies, that's what I love about Marie Callendars. I don't care which one you try, they are all good.    We love the blueberry cream cheese, its very creamy, and just a little tartness from the blueberries.  Nice and refreshing.  Today, we tried the blueberry fruit pie with a golden, flakey crust.  We heated it up just to make it warm and added vanilla bean ice cream,  mmm....  Love it!  If you haven't tried one of these pies, go now, all whole pies just $6.99 plus tin, but only until Sunday, 10/31/10.
5 My friend brought me here, said they have very good (desert) pies.  I found their shepherd's pie is amazing though, it is tasty, tasty, tasty! I tried a couple of their pies, the tip is, that not every pie needs to get heated up.  The blueberry pie is one of them, for me. The staff is extremely friendly, and they remember my name when I went there the second time!   Customers here are stylish, cowboys and classy ladies, usually within my daddy's age group, but man, I hope they are my daddy's friends, so I get to see them often, hahah.
3 The chili and cornbread is always good, but when did they start putting pico on the chili? The cornbread felt like it was microwaved, but maybe not. Either way the food including the pie is still yummy.
4 I actually ate here twice this week and ordered the same thing, their regular cheeseburger...  For some reason have been craving hamburgers...Anyways Marie Callender's may not be the first place that comes to one's mind when wanting a hamburger but let me tell you-they have one yummy delicious hamburger.  I don't know what they season their beef with but it's tasty!  Had the fries the first visit-they were fine.  Chose their cajun onion rings last night.  The coating was good but the onions did not taste fully cooked.  MC's also offers corn bread when you first sit down-OMG still as tasty as I rememember!  Like cake!  Comes with honey butter...I still like their cornbread over their pies!    Which brings me to their pies...Right now they have a hamburger combo that includes a slice of pie.  I chose the banana cream, my hubby chose the Red Velvet Dream pie (part cake/part pie)...  I thought the Red Velvet was a tad too sweet and not in a good way...  I give the service an A+- Both nights the servers and host were friendly and very attentive!!!
4 Try the breakfast!  I never knew they served breakfast till my boyfriend suggested we stop by.  Their free breakfast loaf was amazing, especially with a little razzleberry jam.  And of course, their pies are great, although a little over priced.  I tried out a chocolate muffin that looked more like a cup cake, and wasn't all that impressed.  It seemed kinda dry and bland, so I'll prob stick with their pies when I want a dessert.
3 Stopped in to commit a pie robbery (Hands up! Give us all your pies!) but instead decided to have lunch.  The staff was nice, but the service was a little slow.  Being from the East, we don't have Marie Callender's so it seemed like a nice place to stop in.  This perhaps creates a bit of a bias, so take that into account.  Still, the food was good and even with the slow service we had no complains with the food. Next time we are going to commit some 'Pie-way Robbery'!
4 well i have to say we weren't in our Sunday best like most around us seeing how we were recovering from the late night before they weren't judgemental....but they did have cholula lol which blew my mind i will be back the food was great
1 Took  my young son for a late lunch. He had mac and cheese W/ garlic toast and I had fish and chips. My son refused to eat his meal ( the kid has a great appetite) said he did not like the taste. I tried it and  I agreed and his garlic toast was not good either. My fish and chips were the worst I have ever had. The coating was overdone and oily, the fish was not flaky and moist but old and had the consistency of having been frozen more then once. The fries tasted off (time change the oil in the fryers) and the seasoning was odd, and they were overdone as well. The cooks don't care, the waiters serve this overpriced and overcooked slop. I smell another closed restaurant, the sooner the better.If you want to eat here, stick to the pies. This is a never go back to restaurant, too many other family style restaurant in the neighborhood to choose from! Save your money, time, and stomach and bypass this place.
4 Picked up a pie, custard for our get together tonight.   A couple hours later as we cut into it, we smelled it first and it had a weird smell to it. As we took a couple bites we noticed how it had a sour eggy taste to it. Not cool. It tasted unlike any custard I had ever had.   I decided to call and speak with the manager. His name was cody and he was very polite and asked what he should do to make it right. Would we like our money back or would we like to come pick up another pie? I opted for another pie, since i know they usually are delicious.   He was super kind. Even took us where the pies are in the back to show us all the different kinds (that they hadn't run out of) and offered my daughter a free cookie. Such great customer service. He said he was glad i didnt yell at him on the phone like most customers do. We ended up taking a blueberry pie home (cause Cody said that was his wives favorite) and it was the best marie callenders pie I've ever had. Topping the peach and apple! Serious perfection! So glad we went back to fix the problem.  I'll be coming back for a pie, even with the problem, the customer service is outstanding.  Next update, it'll be about the food
2 Have been coming to mc's forever. Usually for pie. Food, aside from the potato cheese soup and cornbread are kinda bleh. This location is and has been pretty horribly managed for a long time now. Have been waiting for 20 minutes now for my pie and am watching the young kids working the front totally screw up most the transactions. One girl just shorted someone their change and another kid forgot to fully charge another. Forgetting to seat people, forgetting items on pick up orders etc. If I ever feel the need for pie again I will just go to another location.
1 On Friday night we were on our way to pick up our daughter from the babysitter and decided to stop and have dessert at 8175 West Sahara Avenue.   The last time I was in this store was December of 2011, and I had such a bad experience I have not wanted to go back.   When we walked in I saw that they were clearing the pies off the shelf and the waitress seemed surprised that we walked in the restaurant.  I said "Oh are you closed?" She said "No, we close at 10pm."  I then looked at my phone and saw that it was 9:52.  I told her that we just wanted a bite of pie and she turned to her manager to ask if it was ok.  Seriously!!!! If you close at 10pm then you should still help customers until you close!! The manager said "Well...I guess...".  Our last experience at this location also involved a bad manager and I see that the staff and management have not improved.  At that point I walked out and said I would not come back to this Marie Calendars. Two bad experiences (the one last year was so bad that we were almost late to my daughters recital even after we told the manager we needed to leave) I can't recommend that anyone goes to this location.
1 Bought the blueberry cream pie here last night for take out. It had a weird metallic taste to  it esp. the cream part. Took it back the next day to exchange for something else. The lady manager was extremely rude. She looked at at me all weird with my complaint and without saying anything took the pie to the back. The other staff member boxed a replacement pie while I was waiting. She came back to ring me up for the exchanged pie, and just walked away. I waited patiently not knowing whether I needed to pay for the difference or to get a receipt for the second pie.... The staff member and the freaking manager just walked away from the counter leaving me to stand there feeling like a total idiot. She did not once apologize for the mishap (that I had to drive 20 mins back to return it) and just walked away without saying ok you're all set. I felt like this place lack the common sense of customer service!!! You're in food industry, please have the common courtesy to be kinder to customers.   This will be the death of me that I have the expectation that people have more common sense than that. An apology, a thank you have a nice day, you're all set, handing me my purchase would be nice... not just freaking walk away without acknowledging the closing of a transaction you idiot. Will not feel the need to return to this facility and deal with her. Be aware of poor customer service from this lady and staff members. Mehhh now to find another dessert place. Marie Callender please consider your management is horrible!!! She looks like she hates her life .. shows all over her face.
4 Great service, although we did feel a bit rushed.  I had only been to Marie Callender's once before. It was a different location and a terrible experience. Thought we'd try it again.  The Shrimp Tacos were FANTASTIC!!!! Will definitively go again soon :)
4 YUMO!  The food is always good just wish they had a salad bar at this location.  Service is great and consistent.
5 If you are a tourist from the east coast (like us) where there are no Marie Callender's Rest. and you have only had the frozen pies & entrees, then try this restaurant while in LV. Marie is on my list every trip.  I am rating the pie. If you go to a steakhouse you should not order the fish. If you go to a fish house, do not order steak, as a general rule.  We ate and the food is a solid 3 star. However, I came for the pie which we took back to our resort. It cost $5 for a slice of lemon chiffon and we could get the entire pie to go for $11 + some change. That is about 5 big slices. You do the math. It is smarter to buy the pie instead of slices like our waiter recommended. The hard part is getting 4 people to agree on the same pie!
2 Old men everywhere  Salty pot roast makes me sad  Pie is redemption.
4 The pies are ridiculous.  Always good to have when visiting loved ones for any occassions.  Banana cream pie, coconut, chocolate, fresh strawberry pie... I can go on and with the list of likes.
4 For a good, home cooked meal this is the place. The restaurant is clean, the waitstaff are friendly and attentive (our server Meya was awesome), and the food was hot. For a good meal at affordable prices, this is one of our favorite picks. The pies are incredible as well.
3 Pies Pies Pies are the ONLY reason I come here. I stopped dining at the infamous MC quite some time ago after a bad meal experience.  Their desserts are the only saving grace because the food is overpriced for salty and skimpy meal portions.   The Decatur street location closed, so now I drive over to the remaining Sahara location to pick up pies for special occasions. Their food has gone downhill, way downhill to the point of no return. I miss the MC of the 1980's and early 90's when they had delicious food.
5 Best pumpkin pie ever.
4 Great Pies all around!! Not to mention the best Chicken Pot Pies ever!!! Mmmm.... You just feel healthy and hearty after one of Marie's famous Pot Pies!! On the other hand. I don't get Birthday Cakes!! I always request Pies from Marie Calenders...
4 3.5~!!!  The last time we came to Marie Callender's I was very disappointed so when my mom dragged me here because she was craving their French onion soup I was not excited.. I will say that I've noticed MC definitely attracts more of the "older crowd" haha  Service on this day was very slow and the food seemed to take forever but when we got our food I was pleasantly surprised...   -Grilled Salmon with Fresh Strawberry-Mango Salsa = DELICIOUS the salmon was fresh as well as all of the fruit.. I loved the coconut sauce/rice it came with and I also loved the side salad it came with that was topped with more yummy fruit!  - Rosemary Chicken with Potatoes and Broccoli (560 calories) part of their "delightful dishes" simple but still tasty and it's good to see some healthier options at MC..   I think MC needs to lower their prices though.. most of their entrées seemed to be $16+ which, to me, seems a bit steep for MC..  HOT TIP: Strawberry pie.. just do it.
5 Food was delicious and the service was good. Cornbread is served with butter for the appetizer. My French Dip sandwich was served with flavorful au jus. My husband enjoyed his burger. For dessert he ordered a slice of pecan pie and I had the cheesecake. Both were really tasty. Hits the spot if you're looking for some good old fashioned comfort food.
3 I wanted pie. I like the pies at Marie Calendars. This is the only reason I chose to eat lunch here.  I ordered two veggie items from their "light" menu. The image of the pasta shell and veggies made it look like it was 2/3rd veggies and 1/3rd pasta. The item that arrived was 4/5th pasta and 1/5 veggie, and very oil-heavy. Those few veggies present looked like "dwarf-veggies" -- imagine carrots but much smaller. Same with other veggies. There was a thin pool of oil and over half of the pasta remained in this dish before I stopped eating it. I'd bet local, repeat customers prefer pasta.  I also ordered a salad, but the lettuce was the most wilted I've had in a salad in Las Vegas in this last trip. Veggies also suffered from looking less than crisp, and limp.  The only saving grace was the pie. It was delicious.  If I am to return here, it will only be for pie and tea -- I'll eat the meal somewhere else.  Food prepared at other Marie Calendars (outside Las vegas) does not suffer like this. it is possible all Las Vegas Marie Calendars have similar quality, but I didn't visit them.  If not for the pie, this place would get 1 star.
5 I always get take out from this place and the people are always nice and the food is always awesome!  Annnnd Shout out to the girl who took my Togo order and told me the passion fruit mango iced tea was delicious because she was right and now I'm craving it ! Thanks girl :)
1 Sad to say that the Marie Callender's restaurants of yesteryear fame, fine food and delicious pies, are a thing of the past. We have long since given up ordering meals here after a we had 2 chicken pies with nothing but gravy and only a few peas, one carrot with two mini bites of chicken in them. Recently however, after a dinner we drove across town with some friends so that we could enjoy a dessert of their fresh peach pie. We were happy to see that they had a whole peach pie in the bakery area as we entered.   What transpired after we we were seated and placed our order, most certainly helps to explain why these restaurants are closing. The waitress returned and said that they were out of peach pie. When we mentioned that there was one in the bakery cabinet she stated that they could not cut into those pies to serve in the restaurant. We then said that we would buy the whole pie in the cabinet and asked if they could give us some plates.   The answer was an abrupt no. Customers are not allowed to buy a whole pies and eat it in the restaurant. Further, the waitress went on to say that they never cut their fruit pies in slices to serve in the restaurant because to is too hard for them to cut the slices, therefore they just cut a slice of pie crust and slop the fruit on top.   Needless to say we did not get peach pie and left.
5 Place was clean.  The pies and muffins at the front were inviting.  Ask for Kerry, she is the friendliest waitress.  Food arrived in a timely manner.  I even ordered banana-strawberry cream pie and peach pie to go.
3 Years ago, I did eat at a Marie Callender's somewhere in California. From what I remember, the food was good. But then again, that was a pretty long time ago.  We got invited to Thanksgiving dinner at a friend's house and I thought it would be a good idea to bring over some pies. Not the cheap grocery store kind. I wanted ones that were reputable and delicious. I called the restaurant in the beginning of November and asked how their ordering process works. The employee told me that because they sell so many pies during Thanksgiving, they don't do pre-orders. However, they would have a tent set up in the parking lot with a lot of their pies available to purchase, so all I would have to do is come on down.  Luckily, the day before Thanksgiving, I got out from work early, so I drove straight here. The parking lot was packed and the line was pretty long! But, it wasn't as bad as it looked. The employees did a good job at keeping the line moving. I think because they only had 2 registers and had to either fix or replace the register tape often, that was the reason why the lines didn't move any faster. Plus there were some customers who were like "What?? These are THAT expensive? On second thought, I'll just buy one." Ummm hello....read the signs people!! You had all that time waiting in line to look at their prices and to decide!! I picked up Pumpkin and Chocolate Satin (this one is made with a Oreo crust.   Listening to other people's conversations, pre-orders can be done online. They had a separate tent for pre-orders of pies and feasts, with a short line. Good to know for next year! The pies were tasty. The Chocolate Satin pie was kind of rich, but everyone enjoyed both. I may come back and to buy more pies for Christmas this year!
2 I wanted to like Marie Callender's. The problem is it seems that since I last came here years ago the portions have gotten smaller,  the pot pies have shrunk, and the prices have gone up. The service tonight was not very good -the waiter pretty much ignored us. We were never asked if we wanted more water or anything else to drink -coffee? Dessert? The busboy was a lot more attentive than our waiter was, but of course he was busy clearing tables.   I love pot pies.  I really thought Marie Callender's would be good, but the chicken tasted fake -like they came from a can. The vegetables taste like they started out frozen. For over $12 The pot pie is definitely not worth the price.
2 To begin with, we occasionally go to Marie Callender's.  The food (except for the pies which are delicious but expensive) is just okay.  Today we presented a coupon to buy one entree and get another for half price.  We also had two $5.00 gift cards that were to expire today.  Our server, who was unfriendly and indifferent, delivered the news that we could not use both the coupon AND gift cards.  Further, we were not allowed to use the gift cards on "to go" pies.  It has always been my understanding that gift cards are like cash but apparently this restaurant only accepts CASH for payment and ignores their own gift cards.  And to make it worse, the server delivered this information from his manager in an impolite manner.  I have the server's name but will not share it here.  My husband gave the gift cards to other customers in the restaurant so the restaurant ended up accepting the gift cards anyway.  I think the manager should have either lightened up on his hard-nosed decision or come to our table and politely explain his decision.  We will never go to this restaurant again for a sit down meal due to the unfriendly service and rigid policies.
4 Ate here last night and had the wild mushroom ravioli with rosemary chicken and loved it! The server was nice except that she was kinda clumsy spilling my bear and kinda dropping plates as she set them on the table but she did apologize so maybe she was just having a bad day.  Took home a box of the chocolate cream pie which was just amazing!
2 Usually I LOVE MC but today was NOT one of those tumes. Shepherds pie has too hot to eat..way too hot..the Caesar salad was filled with brown lettuce,  the dressing was sour and my pumpkin pie was burnt and tough. My server was nice but inattentive.  I was SO looking forward to eating here but spent way too much money on..well basically apathetic foid and service.HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT
5 The luscious lemon dream cake is a dream, filled with lemon and a wonderful light sponge-like cake and topped with a cream cheese topping - very interesting with the bottom pie crust - delicious!
2 This is a great restaurant for the over-75 crowd:  loads of 'fried and battered this and thats' and only one vegetarian offering: Portions small and over-priced, most lunch entrees more than $12.  The server asked if  we 'would like corn bread brought to our table'...sure we said, or we'd surely starve.  He came back wit a 2.5"x2.5" cube of corn bread for all three of us to share (I measured it).  My mom likes it when i bring here for lunch...I eat before we go. The restroom was clean.  The pie is very good.  Upscale Denny's.
2 I love Marie Callender pies. But every single time I come here they never have the lemon cream cheese. I should have called ahead, it's the only reason we came here. So from now on I will look for the recipe and make it myself instead of spending my money to be disappointed, over and over. We settled for a cheesecake, and my family wanted to buy a small one to have with our coffee. For as much as this chain is struggling, and after not having the pie that we came for, you would think that they would try to make up for it with the customer service. But we are not allowed to order a small cheesecake to have with our coffee, only to-go. Talked to the manager about her bringing it in the box and we can serve ourselves. She never brought it, so we canceled the cheesecake. Why am I even eating breakfast here. Sorry, Marie Callander you lost a family of loyal customers.
