5 Simply put: The way a business should be run.    I have been using the Lakes Cleaners since I moved to Las Vegas and the work they do is exemplary.  The owner's name is Carol and she couldn't be anymore sweeter.  She doesn't just dry clean clothes, but she honestly takes a genuine interest in all her customers.  Not only does she remember whats going on with me, but I see her have these kinds of conversations with everyone who walks through the door.  The Summerlin/Lakes community is lucky to have this gem of a place serving it.   Her prices are reasonable and, her turnaround times are efficient and the attention to detail is amazing.  You cant really see the Lakes Cleaners from the street but its in the plaza at Sahara and Durango behind the Subway and 7-11.  Once you find it however, I can honestly say you wont go anywhere else.  Going to the cleaners isn't a task or chore when visiting the Lakes, its one of the highlights of my week!
3 Had a problem with one of my bags on a trip to Vegas. So had to get some clothes cleaned in a hurry.  Maybe I am a little spoiled were I live as usually have a pretty quick turn around.  Best I could do here was 36 hours.  Which wasn't too big of a deal, but then asked how much it was going to cost and was told it would be $17.   Then when I went to pick it up it was $20.  Not going to argue about $3, but when your in business you would think you would know your prices.  Will probably never need to use again, and for $25 could of used the hotels laundry service. The clothes were cleaned well and also folded nicely.
4 reliable and dependable. what more can you ask for in a dry cleaner.
5 As far as dry cleaners go, this little place is a gem. The girls are always so sweet and always remember me by name. Although this location is not as close to me as it once was I continue to drive the extra few minuets out of my way just to continue to use them. I love that they do the dry cleaning on site and if I drop my clothes off in the am before work, I can have my clean clothes ready for pick-up by 2pm. In the 2-3 years that I've been using this dry cleaner I have never had anything less than fast, friendly, reliable service. I highly recommend them.
4 I have such mixed feelings about this place. I feel like I'm in a secret relationship between two places hopin they never find out about it.   There's specific pros to this place which make me love them..  1. They have a drive thru. Makes it perfect to pick up or drop off when your limited in time  2. They 85% of the time have your dry cleaning ready the next day. 3. Early hours. 6am? Yes!  Cons.. 1. The younger 20 year old ladies in the front have no customer service skills and barely smile, talk or say have a good day. That bugs me.  2. The prices are higher. Most places I've been to charge me 10 bucks or less for a suit and here it's 15. That adds up quickly when my husband has 5 suits.  It's a love hate relationship and I'm torn.
3 Used my dry cleaning coupons from the entertainment book in the past years for laundry shirts. Not no more so just stick to all the cheaper same quality shops down Sahara or durango. It will cheaper on your wallet and same if not better quality.
