5 - friendly and knowledgeable staff - clean examining rooms - open 24 hrs, I believe - my dogs normally hate all vets, but like (or at least tolerate) this place - I've dealt w/ Dr. Jones and Dr. Wanis on multiple visits for my dogs and both are very caring and compassionate and have spent plenty of time examining my dogs. I've never felt rushed and they do an excellent job at explaining any issues - on a couple occasions the doctors have followed up with a phone call a day or two later just to check up. - they're able to perform surgeries on premises, which some vets are not able to do - they don't try to upsell you on a million meds or treatments  They get a well deserved 5 paws from me.
5 Docs came through in a pinch when I had an animal emergency at 11pm at night. Very thorough, courteous and thoughtful. Id reco them for any emergency or routine care.
4 I've been here 3 times now and this is what I've experienced:  1. Super friendly staff and all smiles almost all the time.  2. Slight fecal and chemical smell throughout the lobby.  3. Sterile looking exam rooms and they will sometimes wipe the table down in front of you.  4. Very friendly Dr encounters so far. I requested Dr. Carnie because I read great things about her but I arrived shortly after her shift ended. To my surprise she walked into the exam room and gave my new puppy his first exam. Bonus points for opting to stay! 5. Upsells out the ass. For $100 more you can use a different anesthesia that's better for your dog. Why the hell is this an upgrade and not standard? A 4th set of puppy vacs? I'm skeptical. The manufacture of the vaccine recommends 3 and a once yearly booster shot.   Other information: Neuter/Spay : $125 under 50 lbs (the girl on the phone said the pain meds were included however they really aren't and I was charged $20 more for them) Blood Work: $98 Fecal Exam: $25 General Office Visit: $40 (I think?) Nails: $10 Ear Flush: $38 Micro Chip: $27ish which includes 1st year registration.  They don't make appointments and they charge AFTER the visit. I found that out half way home from my first visit and realized I didn't pay anything. Oops!  Service and price matter to me. Although they DO attempt to upsell, I'll still come here because the services I do choose are very reasonable.
5 Dr. Jones and Kempf the best ever!!!! They are honest and keep all 5 of my babies in good health thanks guys and gals at the front!!!!!
5 The doctors and staff are wonderful here.  I've always had such great experiences with them.
2 I am no longer happy with this place after I caught them trying to rip me off. I was able to avoid it once I became confrontational but if I had been an emotional wreck and just said "WHATEVER MY DOG NEEDS!!" I would have been out $380+ rather than the $80 bill I walked out with.   I have serious trust issues with this place now and I will not recommend them to others. I am giving two stars because Dr. Carney was wonderful during my first 4 visits.   I did not have Dr. Carney during my bad experience visit but it was so bad I'm not coming back.   The office staff is not the original staff I had earlier this year and I like the new staff less.
5 Boarding your dogs is tough.  Boarding your dogs often means you have to be especially vigilant about where they stay and how they act when you pick them up again.  My husband and I have tried many boarding facilities in 3 states as we move every two years and often work out of town.  While in Vegas I have never used anyone other than West Charleston Animal Hospital.   Having had one of our dogs 8 years and the other almost 3, I can tell how they've been treated when I pick them up from boarding.  They are always happy, freshly washed (it's complementary with their stay), and not terrified or acting funny.  WCAH puts them together in the same kennel/run at a bit of a discount than if your dogs stay in separate kennels.  Not only does this mean they are with their best buddy but this can help offset the cost a little bit.  One of my dogs is 25 lbs, the other 90lbs and staying together is always fine space-wise.  As I understand it the dogs are taken out to use the bathroom 2ce a day and unless you take your own food are given Science Diet Sensitive Stomache.    One more thing - the desk girls here are so nice!  I've been to places where they weren't and this can really make a difference.  I'm already felling guilty for putting my dogs "in storage", but having a nice staff makes me feel better, like my dogs will be around other friendly faces, even if it's not mine or my husbands.
5 ha ha all six of my babies now!!! I love these guys but like i said before i only see dr jones and kempf they rock my papi poodle goes running in the doors rather than hitting the breaks at the door (and they even chopped his balls off) we love you guys .........thanks love always papi, kiki, radar, johnson, baby, marley, and of course me and ty!
1 I hate even giving this place one star! I have a sheltie who broke her back foot. They xrayed it and told me that the only way that she would make it was to do this extremely expensive surgery. I explained to them that I couldn't afford 3-5 thousand dollars and asked what my options were and that's when they told me that I could cast it and come back each week to have it re-xrayed and re-casted for 6 weeks and then maybe it would heel enough to not have her put down. (By the way that was over $400 each week!) So I had them cast her and took her home. The cast only lasted 1 week just like they wanted and I couldn't afford the 6 weeks of $400 each time, so I spoke to a people doctor and he informed me as long as it is in a cast for at least 6 weeks the bones would heel enough for her to walk again, and if it wasn't as strong we could get her a wheel chair cart. So I re-cast her leg myself and when I did, I found that the cast job that they did actually punctured a hole in her leg where they broke off the cast to make it her size. The hole was about 2 inches by 1/2 inch and was so deep you could see her muscle! So I cleaned it out and re-cast her...but the cast continued to rub and her leg now had more than one hole and her foot became so inflamed that it was almost 3 times the size of her others. We used the extra antibiotics that we had and wrapped it without the plastic cast and continued to change out the bandage and cleaned it out for the next 8 weeks, and now she is walking again and happy. Her foot is still inflamed but only slightly.  I just want to inform anyone who is going to go to this office, be prepared to pay lots of money for not amazing service. They charge an exorbitant amount and tell you that it is either pay or put your dog down! They guilt trip you and don't give you any real options. When I mentioned the wheelchair cart, he said that it wouldn't help and not to bother! Vets are supposed to help the animals because they want to. I understand everyone wants to make a dollar, but have other options for those of us who don't make what you make! The animals are the ones who are going to suffer...and they don't have a say...
4 I usually have a good experience here, but at times they can be a bit disorientated with lack of communication. For instance today, they told me to come on down to pick my dog up. Everything was supposed to be ready to go, but here we wait in an overstaffed empty building. They're usually very prompt and assertive that is why I'm still a fan and will continue to come here. They have a selection fine Doctors!! Great at performing surgeries and also ear copping's. I'd recommend this Animal Hospital to any of my friends. Nice sized dog run for boarding as well...
5 So I purchased my puppy from Petland and was given a 5 day window for a check up. I heard bad things about this place but I had a great experience.  The reception staff were very helpful, the Veterinarian was caring and professional, he did a great job. Wasn't notified I had to pay for the fecal test because other staff were complaining about an order of food.....then called and asked for payment, hope you girls got your order fixed first.
2 I only gave 2 stars based on prior visits while Dr. Carney was still there. Now on their own merits they would get 0 stars.  Now it is a total numbers racket and today they took my dogs into the back to get their shots. ALWAYS before they gave the shots in front of us. I'm quite doubtful that we got anything other than a rather large bill.  All services are a la carte including various exams which used to and should be all inclusive. Money, money, money, ching, ching, ching. I'm all for making money but for God's sake provide a little service for the buck. Me:" My dog's rear legs shake when she stands" Them: "Would you like to pay us to examine her for that?" Me: "I am paying for an exam." Them: "That's not included". Dental exams are free but of course the cleaning is $150.  We are looking for a new vet. Any suggestions?
3 I've taken my lab/shepherd mix here for shots, grooming and boarding for several years with no problem.  The staff and drs are all friendly, the examination rooms are clean and the service is usually prompt if it's not a busy day.  But like any business they will try to charge you for unnecessary stuff.  I recently got a puppy who was hurt when the bigger dog fell off the bed on top of her.  We took her in and was told right away they needed to do an x-ray.  Turns out she had a hairline fracture of the femur and they put a cast on her.  Here is where the B.S. came, they said we had to bring her back every week to be re-casted.  I was like great until they said we had to pay $35 each time.  Are you serious?  I've already spent $380.  I said no way, I don't have the money and was told she may have a permanent limp otherwise.  Well guess what, the dog chewed out of the cast in 2 weeks and was walking fine.  The next week she was running and back to normal.
4 This place is like doggie heaven. I take my Weimaraner in for check ups and Meds because my dog is a bubble dog. They always greet me with big smiles. They know me by name and also know "rueger" my dog. At first my dog was shy and timid, now he runs in and greets everyone like they are part of the family. This place is the best and I highly recommend doctor jones. He always knows what is best!
5 The staff is so friendly and very helpful. They took the time to talk to me on the phone about switching to their location from a different animal hospital. It was very refreshing to walk in and have such a pleasant staff at the desk and on the phone. The doctor did an excellent job, he was very gentle with my puppies. I really appreciated that the doctor asked me if I would like for him to do their shots in the back, or in front of me. I'm very glad I switched to this Animal Hospital!
2 Staff was fine, we were in and out. The procedure and entire process was executed in a timely manner. Our pups came home with kennel cough unfortunately, we went back in to get antibiotics and were charged for the meds. We most likely won't go back just because it feels like a churn and burn kind of place, I miss having a vet that knows your pet and cares.
5 I've been going here since I got my first puppy two and half years ago. Every time I call, whether it be about boarding or health questions (one on my dogs was recently diagnosed with epilepsy) they take the time out to fully explain everything. The staff is always friendly and genuinely seem like they care.
5 I used this vet for my dog's entire life. We got him at the pound, and brought him here for all his shots and stuff until the bitter end...at which time I took him in to be euthanized :-( It was a miserably sad experience, but the staff was cool and made it as comfortable as possible. Dr. Andressen was the one to inject my dog. He was very kind and gentle and patient, and gave me as much time as I wanted with my dog in his last moments. His bedside manner was better than most doctors who treat humans!!! Great guy, and I thank him for his kindness. I don't know how this guy does what he does day in and day out....I'd bawl my eyes out. But he was amazing. Euthanasia here cost me $113...I think it's $4 more if you choose not to be present with your pet. Meanwhile at the pound, they'll do it for something like $20...but I guess the experience here is more comfortable.  Anyway, I'll be heading back to the pound soon for a new dog...and I will bring him here for sure for all his vet needs.
5 I bring my Ditty dog here based on recommendation from the breeder and couldn't be happier. Dr. Jones & Dr. Kempf are courteous and friendly and I haven't had to wait more than 5 minutes yet!
2 They did an alright job, I mean they did get the job done which was to spay my bunny. The staff didn't know much about rabbits, when I called the person on the line said they don't get rabbits often so they are unsure about the procedures given. It made me feel uneasy, but I went ahead anyways cause they do it cheap (90-100$) When I got there, the staff kept questioning me about how to raise my bunny, and what my daily routine was cause they were curious. When Dr.Kempf came in he just told me the price and that they would have to put her to sleep. I asked about any other cost of medication and he just told me it would be $10 extra. I got the bill and it was $30 extra, and well I was just prepared to pay about $100. It seemed like they just did the procedure and just told me the price, I didn't really get any details on what was going on. I'm not entirely sure if they're good or not, I mean they didn't really know how to handle picking up my bunny or even know information about the care of bunnies. In the end, I wouldn't come back because it makes me feel as if my pets are not in the right hands.
5 LOVE this place.. Staff is friendly. Vets are great! Plus, very reasonable with their prices.. You can tell they are here for the animals. That's a huge plus for me. I swear Dr. Cordray is the dog whisperer! Anyone who has complaints probably has a poopy attitude. Won't bring my animals anywhere else! Thank you for taking such good care of our fur baby.
5 Really great people! We were visiting from California and our dog had some complications with bladder stones. They were super helpful and stayed late just to take care of our dog. Dr. Jones was professional and kind. Thank you!
1 took my dog in for a simple spay but walked out paying over $450. The young woman  was horribly insensitive, rude and was being so mean and rough to my dog. My other dogs never were this messed up with my other vet, I don't think they are nice to the animals at all.
3 Let's call this a 3.5, here's why:   Pros -Day time front desk staff was friendly and speedy. I was in and out in 20 mins and that was without an appointment.  -Good specials sent out via email.   Cons -PM front desk staff was frustratingly disorganized. They called and told me my pet would be ready by 5:45, I arrived at 6:45 and did not leave with my dog until almost 8p. As lovely as your office is, the last thing I want to do is wait in it for over an hour. Please finish charting before you tell me to pick up my pup.  -Constant upselling by doctor and front desk staff. I understand this is a business but it gets uncomfortable beyond the second "no thank you".   My pup was seemingly well cared for so, I'd recommend them to friends and family with a warning that the discharge process isn't smooth but worth the wait.
2 I went here two years ago for my dogs dental and was originally told that she needed a tooth extracted. (She had two canines on one side of her mouth) When I went to pick her up I noticed her tooth wasn't extracted and was told the doctor changed their mind and it wasn't necessary. While looking through her medical history I just noticed they charged me $75 for the extraction they didn't do...  Other than that, they have great prices here but I'm currently taking my dogs to a different vet.
1 Where to start....huhhhhhh..................I had to take our dog here based on the rescue stating so.  Immediately ran into disorganization. Secondly, they will hand write visa/mc numbers for other vendors (cremation) which is not stored securely/nor is that to be done in such a fashion. I did discuss that with them, and got the SHRUG...I also explained they can be fined 250,000.00 per occurrence.... SHRUGGGG. OK.  Not a good sign.  Each time I went in here, myself and all the other clients were seated outside rooms while they took the animals back, without owners, VERY ODD. No owners went into the rooms, any of the 6-7 times I was there.  When this dog had worms (when she first arrived) they handed her to me and said here you go, give her this once a day for 2 weeks. OK. I get home and it says give 1 dose...period. so i had to call them next day..and she said no it is 1 dose. OK.   Problem number 2....i got 4 puppies who were seen by this vet clinic, after an ok, they were brought to me. I knew immediately they were all sick with something..not good...as they had horrible diarrhea and it smelled horrible, throughout the house. So after NUMEROUS calls, and so much wrong information, I had 2 puppies go back, after call number (3-4-5) one of the girls answering the phone messed up and said, the one puppy had giardia...(WHAT) and the second dog tested positive (WHAT) now i still have 2 puppies...(they are neg...so i was told)......so another  2 weeks  go by, i call oh no (the 3rd one was positive..the whole time) (WHAT) so i speak with others and have them relocated to a different vet. Surprisingly that vet treated them ONE time and they were then negative...that was 6 dogs total who had been through multiple rounds of meds at West Charleston Animal place, to no avail.  I felt like they were onesie twosie ing the rescue, yeah they may get a better price, but if you need to keep doing it again and again and again, with boarding....sounds like a money maker to me! I was so mad, because I have other dogs and they could have gotten very sick from this disorganization! Not to mention 2 weeks of shoveling smelly water poop! DISGUSTING!!!  I did not trust them to spay the rescue puppy i had.,...I have never in all my years of having animals...ever experience such a disorganized HOT MESS!!
5 Thank you for taking care of our precious Dina.  Our family is once again whole and we will be forever grateful!  God Bless all of you!  Jessica N
1 We used to take our dog and cat here. One weekend of being out of town we decided to have our Labs teeth cleaned.  We get a call in California from Dr. Jones saying she had died during surgery.  He had no sympathy or emotional.  He had little explanation to what specifically happened.  She was a happy and healthy Lab who was a huge part of our family.  Apparently they only monitor vitals and breathing every 5 minutes so from one 5 minute check to the next she had stopped breathing. We contacted experts outside of the hospital to determine what could have happened.  It may have been wrong dose of medication.  Honestly I work in the medical field and I know things like this just happen,  but what bothers me the most is the doctors lack of compassion for killing our family member. This occurred 3 years ago.
