3 Here's a tale of two stores. This one is OK, not bad on customer service, but not really good. Not bad on floor space, but not as fully stocked as it could be. This one does have more convenient location going for it, but that's it strong point.   Now the one at the 215 and Flamingo, is all this one isn't: Extremely helpful, Very well stocked, and is an example of one store trumping another with being just that much better.   So if your in need of an item fast, you'll pro baby be okay shopping this store, but if you want greater selection and service, go to the newer, larger, friendlier store.
4 Ok, so why the change? Well for a person who likes fishing, this place has a great encyclopedia of info in the form of Fisherman extroidinaire Brett Richardson. He is a font of information that can be found nowhere else in the Las Vegas area.   The downside is they only have him part-time. He really needs to be there full-time. The first couple of times I've been to this store I completely missed him. Now I'll call up before I go to make sure he's there. Managers take note.
4 I kind of hate supporting big box operations, but after searching high and low for new ski gear, I was having trouble finding a place locally that had a wide array of ski boots to try on. I was pleasantly surprised to find 20ish different pairs for women at Sport Chalet! REI, by contrast, had 4. They carried 3-4 pairs in every major brand.   Most places offer you a discount when you buy the skis and boots from them. The discount here wasn't great (only 15%), but still nice to have. I tried on 13 pairs over the course of 2 hours and the sales guy was so freaking patient and helpful and nice. I ended up liking the cheapest pair the best for some reason, but the guy did tell me as ski boots go up in price they get less and less comfortable - a phenomenon I found to be true myself!   He didn't try to upsell me or pressure me into getting skis, but everything was going so freaking well I ended up getting some skis, too. I price checked everything on my phone and with the 15% discount, ended up spending less here than I would have most anywhere else.   Overall a great buying experience. I can't thank my salesguy enough for his extreme patience level during my 13 boot 2 hour escapade :)
3 This is the first Sports Chalet I had been in and it was a good experience.  Great selection of sporting goods for all sports and a ton of bikes clothes etc. I am impressed by the scuba lessons there and am thinking of takin the wife and getting certified. Ok..back to the visit lol.   Was in the market for some home workout gear and had price shpped some sparring gear for the wife and went from Big 5 here to pick it up. The salesmen was very helpful but not suffocating which is a skill more salespeople lack.   Only reason its getting 3 instead of 4 stars is some of the things I couldnt pickup yet are not listed on their www which is poor continuity if you ask me. Still they were the best price to the larger pieces I wanted so I will be back.
4 I've shopped here a few times, and have always had a good experience. On different occasions I have bought a rash guard for my husband, New Balance tennis shoes, and Roxy flip flops for myself. I purchased all of these things on sale for a really great price- better than I could find in other stores or online.   While I prefer the look of a store like REI to Sports Chalet (think Target vs Kmart), everyone in Sports Chalet is very helpful and never pushy.   My latest experience, however, was this weekend taking a "Discover Scuba" class. I cannot stress enough how amazing this opportunity is to anyone that has considered learning to dive, but fearful of putting such a large investment into something they may not like.   They offer the class on the 3rd Saturday of every month. It's free. They provide the tank, mask, and fins for you to use- just show up with a bathing suit and towel.   My husband dives a lot and really enjoys it, so I wanted to give it a shot. This class was a great opportunity. You learn a bit about how to use the equipment before you get into the (heated) pool to work with a dive instructor for about 45 minutes.   My only complaint about the class is that it goes a little fast. I was not completely comfortable using the equipment in the shallow end and they were already wanting me to go in the deep end. Everyone else in the class was fine though, I can just be a baby.   So if you've ever thought about diving, I would definitely give them a call and ask to sign up for the next class. It even counts as one of your pool dives if you do consider becoming certified. It's a great deal.   I should note that the "Discover Scuba" class will not provide you with dive certification- you will still need to take the Open Water course to become PADI certified.
5 I like shopping Sport Chalet especially for footwear.  Their no-questions-asked return policy is worth paying more for a shoe than buying at a discount place.  I bought a pair of Asics which I thought I'd love.  Walking around the store and the house was great.  However when I wore them to work and stood on my feet for 11 hours, I found the conversation between foot and shoe wasn't so great.  I wore them the next two days for 10.5 hrs each day.  Nope, the problem wasn't getting better.  So I returned the shoe, and they asked me if I wanted to try something else or just receive my money back.  How great is that??  These shoes had been worn.  I've never returned worn shoes before.  I had two uber-helpful young men assist me in finding another pair - New Balance this time.  I bought them with confidence that if something was amiss, I could return and keep trying until I found the perfect shoe.  I ask you, how much is that worth??
5 I visit this place at least once every couple weeks. It seems like they are the only large scale store that has any selection of swimming equipment, which I am very into. Each time I go, I need something different for my swimming, and I usually find a new item that I did not see before, and wind up buying it as well as what I came for. I also like their wide selection of resistance equipment and their workout apparel. Because they have a large selection of both, I now have a very good set of running shirts (yes there are specific types of shirt for running, so that you dont choke yourself) and I have several different resistance bands and kettlebells. Out of all the times I have been, I have never had any problems finding what I need, because of their excellent staff. The staff is also top notch. They don't swarm you like at REI. They give you time to look around, and if you seem like you can't find what you are looking for, then they attempt to help you. Also if you need help and are man enough to admit it, and ask them directly, they are very knowledgeable about their products, and are very helpful in guiding you to what equipment you may need. I love this place.
5 I took my Scuba Open Water course at Sport Chalet and it was amazing.  The pool was always clear and the instructor was wonderful.  He was patient, funny, but very professional.  Everyone in the store is friendly and helpful.    I have also bought my wet-suit, fins and all my diving gear at this store and the prices were reasonable.  I have recommended this program and Instructor Jim and the store to all my business friends, who are physicians.  Keep up the good work.
2 Wide selection, but customer service wasn't all that great
4 For a big box sports store they carry a very nice and diverse selection of sporting goods. I was looking needed a wet suit for swimming in the pool when I'm too cheap to heat it. The scuba department was extremely helpful!  In general the staff at the store is very accommodating. The only negative I have to say about this place is the running shoes are on the pricey side compared with the pricing at the boutique running stores in the valley :(
4 I dunno if I should bother writing a review, since I was only in here for 5 minutes.  But within that 5 minutes, I was asked if I needed help twice, and the cashier was friendly.  The prices seemed a little high on the stuff I was buying, but overall, the selection was good and I walked away a happy customer.
4 I really like this Sport Chalet. The store is always stocked and they have some amazing sales here. They also send out discounts in the mail if you get a Sport Chalet card (free).   I went here at the end of Ski season and me and the BF got all new Ski equipment at like 80% off. What a deal! I also went here and the guy in the shoe department was really helpful when I told him I needed running shoes. He had me run on the treadmill and checked my feet for the right shoes. Wow this was really great and made a huge difference. I normally go for the cutest shoes I can find and my feet always hurt. They will do this check for free people. Get it done of you are serious about your workouts, it rocks.  I also like that the staff are really helpful and seem to be happy most of the time. They also have Scuba lessons outside in the Pool. Never done this, but thinking about trying.
4 In my opinion, this is the best place to find camping gear in Las Vegas.  I scoured REI, Bass Pro Shops for certain items, like a quality camping shower, without success.    This place, turned out, to be the only place in Las Vegas to find the shower I was looking for.  They also had a lot of great stuff like reusable camping plate/cup/utensil sets, magnesium flint fire starters, cast iron skillets, and percolators.  They also had a nice selection of sleeping bags with prices comparable to Amazon.  Score!  I'm definitely going to go back to check out their mountaineering and other sports gear.  This place has everything!
4 First... Sport Chalet over Sports Authority any day.   For your general physical activity needs, SA has you covered, but keyword "general".   I feel that SA is great to get things going for whatever activity you pick up whether it be tennis, running, scuba diving, golf, lacrosse, ping pong, CrossFit, or even fishing. However when you get more serious about whatever you're doing, ie fishing then shops like Bass Pro Shops is where you need to go. I've found that most of the products you find at SA are decent quality and they carry most major brands.  The Sport Chalet club card gives you $10 for every $100 spent, not bad! They can string rackets (takes way too long though), rent out equipment, teach you how to scuba dive, and recommend basic equipment for you. However if you're going to ask them recommend running shoes, I would take their advice with a grain of salt. Most likely the associates are not professionals and would not be able to tell you adequately what type of running shoe you need.  The sales are great on paper, but most sizes are way too large for the general population, XXL shirts? Come on now...
3 This is the second Sports Chalet I have been to and this one didn't seem as friendly as the other one. Walking around the store, none of the people that worked there said hello (like the other ones I've been to). I eventually found what I was looking for but I think I would go back to the other one in the southwest next time.
5 Love this store and there clearance racks. Found 4 compression shirts, all at @7.93 a piece (normally $29.95 and up) and all name brand. This store has a great selection and holds more then the stores in henderson and arroyo park. Customer service is always on point as well. Always friendly and courteous to me.
4 I like going to Sport Chalet because they have a pretty wide selection of equipment- way more so than your average sports store you would find in a mall. The store itself is very large and generally very well stocked.    There are three things that stop me from giving them a full 5 star rating  1. Organization- Things in the store are often spread out all over the place. This isn't true for things like a baseball bat that are sport specific. But I was trying to find a few things (water bottle, gym towel) and they had at least 3 places in the store where different versions of these items were located so you have to walk around everywhere or risk missing what you are looking for.  2. Prices- for the most part you can get things cheaper online. The major important exception to this is sale prices. You can sign up for their email alerts and when they have a sale you can find insane discounts of 50% or more on a lot of products. I almost never shop here when there isn't a sale now a days. Sometimes I am willing to pay a small amount more to have the product instantly but oftentimes I just wait for amazon prime. If you dont have the amazon app to price check I would highly recommend it.   3. A little uderstaffed- Granted I usually go in the evening before or after working out, but often there is only a handful of people working so if you actually need help from someone it can be hard to come by.
