1 You would think that this dealership would be aware that there is something called a recession going on. I was trying to hunt down a used Ridgeline at the Acura dealership but alas was too late. So I thought, hey, why not stop in at the HONDA dealership down the road. They should have the best price on a nice used Ridgeline, right? Wrong.   The Acura shop had a used '06 with leather for 18.9 K. The Honda dealer had a used 06 without the leather for 20.9 K. Both were around 30k in miles. So this comparison is apples to apples. So I test drive it and look it over. Usual dings and bangs, but the tires are cracked at the edges. All of them. So the lot shark so says Hey it's a certified vehicle, we'll replace them for free. Cool! and we can put in leather for you, too. cool again. So I say, I'll give you 18K ,figuring they have plenty of wiggle room. So he wanders off and is hanging out in the lot, and chatting it up with some other sharks and I'm sitting and sitting and finally get up to go, and he finally wanders back and shows me some paperwork, 25K out the door !!! Seems I had to pay for the "free" tires and pay for the "free" leather, too. And no negotiations at all. Sucker must have been out of his friggin' mind!! So I walk. Obviously they aren't seeing what's going on in the economy. Every other dealer comes in with a lower price and with a more fully accessorized car. They aren't even close.   Oh, and I was looking for an S2000 for my gal and went to this lot two weeks ago. It, too, was a certified car. But I find that hard to believe because the body panels were all out of whack, meaning it had been hit at some point in time. Certified my a@@. And they didn't even bother cleaning the leaves out of the engine wells before putting it out on the lot, either.   And another thing -the prep guys guys over-spray the interiors with armor all and it makes touching the knobs and steering a dangerous proposition!   I'm not buying anything from these sharks! Not even an oil change.
4 Normally, I would never go to a dealership for anything, but I needed a duplicate key for my Honda as it has a chip in it and required special programming. While there, I noticed that they do auto detailing. I had just bought a used Honda from a private sale, and it was filthy. I'm talking tan interior that was stained gray from years of smoking, sticky residues in all the compartments, stale smell from years of smoking weed in the car (there were weed bits all through the carpet). The engine bay had so much dirt on it that the car smelled like it was burning after even short drive. The car had not been loved. I felt like I needed biohazard wear just to sit in the seat.  For 125 bucks Honda West did a complete interior, exterior and engine bay cleaning. It came back sparkling, and smelled good without a residual chemical smell.  It looked like a whole new car. They even managed to get out some of the exterior scratches.  Definitely the best 125 bucks I've spent in awhile. My only complaint is that it was still soaking when I picked it up and I ended up with a wet bum on the drive home.
1 Horrible service. Ive been using this place for two years hoping it would get better. Every time I go in no matter what I need the response is always "oh that will take about 2 hours."  The last straw was after taking my car in twice for brake problems they finally actually looked somewhere besides the wheels on the third time and much to their surprise my master cyclider was cracked and leaking badly. I could have crashed as these lazy bums were to clueless to even check the entire braking system.   Don't even get me started on how they botched a recall on my car. AVOID!!!!
1 Horrible - absolute crooks in the service dept.  Asked my wife to take our hybrid in for an oil change.  She had a coupon, but they said the 0W20 that the car takes is a "bit" more expensive.  To the tune of the oil change costing 65 dollars after they had already done the service.  The car doesn't even take a full 4 quarts and they are using that basic honda filter.    How do these clowns sleep at night?
1 I went in to have my engine immobilizer removed.... the thing wasn't working....  of course i 've read from online that there are ways to bypass the engine immobilizer and people recommended me to take it to the alarm store....   i should've listened..... i took it to the dealership thinking it will be fixed better over there and asked if there's a way for them to bypass it....   response: no such thing....  anyhow, so i got it removed for 211 dollars... then they tell me the starter isn't working too.... and it will be 748 + tax to get it fixed....   i told him to go ahead and do it... but found myself little shocked....  so i looked up the price online.... starts at 89, with ehow saying it's moderately easy to replace it, since they are located right behind the battery compartment....  so ... they charge about 650 for labor i suppose..... for moderately easy right behind the battery compartment starter....  omg.... i don't like going to the dealership for obvious reasons....  and for some reasons, every time i go in, i feel like someone just robbed me.... you know how you pay for all kinds of gov't taxes without seeing anything for it???  same feeling here
1 I bought my Honda new in 2007 from Honda West and have taken it there for all the maintenance (oil changes) etc. Every time I had an oil change, they always say ALL the fluids get topped off. I had always trusted that they did.  Well, be ware. The last time my oil was changed, my windshield wiper fluid was bone dry. I had noticed the place was unusually dead. I had mentioned to the guy that the windshield fluid was completely empty and he told me that is the first thing they do is top off the fluids. I also noticed that their prices had really gone up since my last oil change. Anyway they were finished with the oil change in record time. When I was on my way home I tried the windshield wipers, and it was still bone dry. So my concern was if they didn't even fill my wiper fluid, then they obviously didn't check the radiator fluid, break fluid, power steering fluid, transmission fluid. Last time I checked, they are considered fluids, are they not? So I went to auto parts store and got some wiper fluid which they should have taken care of for the price they charge. My radiator fluid is low, and so is the break fluid. Well I called them back and spoke to the service manager and asked him what kind of an operation they run over there? He claims he had no idea the guy didn't check my fluids and told me to bring the car back, but I already lost confidence in them at this point. So the bottom line is they have a sign out front that lists all the things they do with the oil change, which I might add is NOT cheap, and all they did was change the oil. But did they really do that even?  I will not be returning to Honda West based on my own experience and what I've heard from other people. Bu bye.
1 DO NOT GO TO HONDAWEST.   I bought my 2006 Scion xB used from this location in May or June of 2010. When I purchased the car, I was led to believe that the car went through a Honda certified multi-point inspection that assured me a maintained, working car with well-functioning parts. This was not the case! Barely 1 month after purchase, I had lights coming on: Trac Off, Check Engine. Turns out the spark plugs in the car were in the car twice as long as recommended. "Conveniently," HondaWest could not be held responsible in any way. They charged me to diagnose the car. Then told me they can't do any work on my car because its a TOYOTA. They sent me to Toyota down the street to wait HOURS for repairs all over again.  Now I go to Hondoctors in North Las Vegas. They're Honda / Acura specialists but they do awesome work on other cars as well. I had them do the 60k on my car.... MORE BAD NEWS. The tranny fluid hasn't been changed for the life of the car (should've been changed at 30k) and somehow I was missing a cabin filter. Just reason after reason why my biggest piece of advice is to stay FAR FAR AWAY FROM HONDAWEST. Hondoctors are honest people who do quality work in good time. If anything goes wrong with my Scion I take it to Hondoctors. Hands down, I recommend them! I live in the SW side of Las Vegas but I'll make the drive all the way to North Las Vegas. I can trust them.  I can't trust Hondawest. They've done me wrong on so many different occasions. My best piece of advice: Do not do business with them. Never got around to posting a review until now.... Hope this prevents someone the headache of dealing with this awful place.
1 I have to add my own one star review for Honda West.  If I could give negative stars I would.  I'll just describe their dishonesty and won't mention their aggressive and surly behavior they demonstrated when I was ripped off by them.    Skip this place and take your car somewhere else.  They sneakily charge for estimates.  Shouldn't it be free for someone to tell you how much they will charge to fix a simple problem?  Yes is the answer.  I brought my car in for a simple fix not motor related.  They told me to sign the paper and they would get back to me.  They told the repair would be in excess of $400.00.  My car is barely worth that much.  Before I can get my car back, they tell me it will be $100.00 to get my keys.  That is their estimate fee that  I signed for.    I would have never thought of them charging me for that.  Shame on me for signing their dishonest papers without looking, but who would have thought I would be charged for an estimate.  And shame on them for not telling me they charge for an estimate.    NEVER GO HERE!
5 When I saw the IMA and engine lights turn on in my Hybrid Honda Civic, I was dreading going into the shop because I know how rude car servicewomen and men are, especially when it comes to issues covered by warranty. So you can imagine my surprise when I was greeted by Carol G who nicely went over all the paperwork and asked me if I wanted a free car wash. Uh, YES!  I was told it'd be a few hours and that I would receive a  a call when my car was ready. Let me first tell you how many times I've been told that I'd receive a call and have not, and had to call myself--A LOT. Instead, Carol gave me a call an hour later and told me my car was ready, early.   They were so great and friendly. Wonderful customer service.
2 Hmm. The complimentary bottled water was as cold as my chances of getting a car here.   Though the test drive went well, not much else did. The salesman seemed only moderately interested, or maybe his hands were tied by Corporate. But in trying to find a suitable price, I felt like he didn't try hard to work with me. Throwing numbers around is never fun, but if that's part of the game, so be it. I know the car I want.  I've got a great track record and was obviously ready to do something, but got no real indication that this dealership had much interest.
1 Awful!!!! All the parts in the parts department is over priced!! I called for a seal on my 1996 Honda accord and their price was $14 when the other 2 Honda dealers was drastically less!!! ($2 and $3). Shoot if their parts are priced this way , i wonder how their service is!!! Never coming here again
1 Should have checked yelp ratings before buying a car here. 3 days after buying a car, my check engine light turned on and almost had an accident in the middle of the road when my 2 day old car suddenly lost power; I was pressing on the gas but it only go 20mph and my rpm is up to 4 already; good thing there were no cars coming behind me. And now on the 3rd day we brought the car back at the dealership, been waiting for more than 3hours, nobody even have the courtesy to tell us how long we will wait. They don't have a loaner car to provide us, not even a rental car. And we are stuck here with nobody updating us. I am pregnant and I am tired of waiting. At least have the courtesy to inform us how long we have to wait for their shuttle service that will drop us home. It is so ironic how we just bought a car but have to wait for shuttle service or even probably have to take the bus for a week because they sold us a crappy car and don't even provide a loaner/rental car. Ugh! I hate this dealership! Beware of this company, they will do anything to sell you a car ... Even if these cars are used and not inspected very well.
1 These guys are scam artist.  After shopping around online, I saw this Accord that I liked.  When I called to see if it was available they told me come on in.  Owning several Hondas already, I knew what the drive would be like so I asked if they could just run some numbers so no one is wasting their time.  After going back and forth a few times (not giving us any numbers), they finally had us come in.  I saw the car, took it for a test drive and sat down to make the deal.  We told them again, so we aren't wasting anyone one's time, here's the deal we are looking for.  The salesman went to "check" with his manager and came right back to tell us that they will accept the offer.  To our surprise we couldn't believe that in one time they accepted our offer.  So we did the process of finance, etc and got the car.  I got a call a week and a half later from the dealership that Honda Financial did not agree with the deal the dealership had given us for the lease.  We asked what was the difference and again they wouldn't tell us until we came back to the dealership.  Thinking that we where talking $10 per month change in price we came back.  The dealership told us that they where increasing the payments by $140!!!  I was blown away, I couldn't believe that they would "miscalculate" that much!  I asked why they didn't check everything before we sat down to sign the agreement (they did a credit check, etc).  Our sales guy basically told me that they get an approval from the manager and then submit it to Honda Financial in hopes that they approve what they quote the customer.  I was in disbelief and couldn't believe what I was hearing.  Then they tried to sell us on another Honda with less features, etc.  I told them where to stick it.  I returned the car and got my deposit back.  After talking to a couple of other Honda dealerships around town I was told that this wasn't the first that they heard about this from Honda West.  Whether or not thats true, I have no idea but two separate dealerships told me the same thing.  This was my experience with them and I'm sure everyone has had good and bad ones.  Our family has own at least 10 Honda from the 80s-now and this just left a bad taste in our mouth.  We have purchased our current Hondas (at least the last 5) from Desert Honda on the other side of Sahara.  Don't waste your time here, if you do decide to go, make sure they have you approved through Honda Financial first!!
4 Great place.  This is where I always take my Honda Fit.
1 DO NOT GO TO HONDA WEST is the best advice I have seen in a while.  There is no reason why you would want to do business with unethical people. I had an approved loan through my bank, and spent several days (on different occasions) with a sales rep looking for the used car that I wanted.  When it came in, they called me. After we went through all of the paperwork, and I was waiting for it to be ready, they started adding various "fees" into the contract. When I questioned these "fees" they stated that they were mandatory. I laughed, knowing that they were simply upcharging, and hoping I was an idiot. They then tried to pressure me into taking the car "or I would lose the chance, and they would sell it to someone else." Needless to say. I did not buy.  I know that car dealerships are largely made of all types of sales reps, some ethical, some not. I would say stay away from HONDA WEST, because if they permit these types of practices, and the management even restates the sales reps lies, as fact, then its a company problem as well as bad reps.  Sales organizations that do not do GREAT business deals that allow them to count on repeat business or referrals are not good organizations.
2 Marc in service is great, but the lady up front at the reception desk (blond older woman) brings this entire dealerships reputaion down. Shes rude, and doesnt understand the title of her job...instead she makes people not want to ever return or purchase a car here.
5 I bought a used car from Honda West in July of 2011. I got a good deal, a good car, fast service,  and I have no complaints! 5 Stars!
2 Brought my Honda in to get the brakes fixed. The older guy in service was really nice until a few weeks later. I filled out an online survey and apparently did not given the results they wanted. He called me up and verbally abused me about my answers. I told him I was being honest and he said "didn't we give you excellent service?" he was really mad. I told him I would never return if this is how I would be treated after being honest. I hung up on him. It was an opinion survey!
1 Came here yesterday 7/6/12 to shop for a new car. We pulled into the parking lot around 6:30 and got out of the car,  not one salesperson approached us. It was nice at first, gave us time to walk around and check out the cars...  but by the time we had circled the lot twice and walked through the showroom not ONE salesperson even acknowledged us. Not even a simple hello, or may i help you.  Most likely they judged us for being younger and the car we pulled up in was nothing fancy, so they probably figured we were just looking and didn't have money.  Well Honda West, maybe you should really re-think how your business operates and don't judge a book by it's cover. We had CASH in hand to purchase a vehicle and because of the awful, rude experience we had here on our first trip, we will NEVER purchase a vehicle from this place!
1 Help with lawsuit against Honda West, call Attorney Generals office for Nevada  to join as this topography dealer charged me for a non existent alarm device that does not even work with manual locks if it was installed. They are the worst of the worst and need to be closed down as when confronted just laughed and said you signed the paperwork. Help protect other consumers and let's get them in front if a judge.
1 I bought my Honda Fit here last year.   Today, July 23,2012  needed to send a document to the finance manager so I emailed it to the email on her business card.   the email bounced back as undeliverable.  i got online, the email matched what the biz card said. mmmm,   looked up my salesman Jilmar, the emails online and on biz card matched, tried emailing him, The email bounced back.   So I tried emailing the General mgr and that email also bounced back.   I called and ask the receptionist what the fax nbr is for the finance mgr, When I tried to fax to the nbr the operator came on stating the nbr had been disconnected.   I called & ask to talk to General Mgr Chip. when i told him what was going on he didnt say, "I'm sorry for all the problems your having let me give you a correct email or fax nbr. "  Instead, he said, "uh, I don't know".   I paused in disbelief at his unprofessionalism & lack of customer service and told him that as the General Manager he really should know and should also have responded differently to a customer.   I will NEVER buy a car there again and I me and my husband are seriously considering driving the car back down there and handing them the keys.   This has been even worse due to also having the same kind of problems with Honda Financial of whom I need to change the name on my title to my married name. They are arguing with me and cannot get any answers from them either.
3 Several months ago, I got a new car from here. The deals are great, if you know how to purchase a car. I came to purchase a preowned car, but end up walking away with a new car for the same price. As for the customer service -sucks like hell. The only person that was nice and friendly was Antonio Jackson -the sales rep. As for the other assholes at the place they can jump off the hoover dam.  I will only come here to hustle them and get a  car for below the book and retail value, and then go to another Honda dealership in town for service and etc...   One thing I can say about the sales rep was he wasn't pressuring me, and was very straight forward. I told him what I was willing to pay after researching and comparing to other dealers in the area. The sales manager didn't like my price so I walked away. Several hours later they were calling me and i showed up two days later, and I got the car I wanted for the price I was willing to pay. This was actually my first time purchasing a car without my mom there, but she taught me well and it showed. The only thing they wouldn't agree to- was several free oil changes. But its ok I came out pretty good.   5 for deals 5 for sale rep Antonio Jackson -1 for sales manager -1 for manager no points- for the unfriendly Jewish dickhead/dicksucking dude from new york( get my name  right  lil man) -1 for other weird staff   Yeah I had to act a ass but it worked :)
1 I called to schedule a recall service for my car. The person who answered the phone has some attitude issues. She then transferred me to the service department. I asked if an appointment is necessary for the minor recall problem. She's like the letter said you should always make an appointment. What time do you want to come in? I told her if its possible to do it over the weekend she's like just come during weekdays. And I told her I wanna come 11am she said make it 10:30am. Really???? I think her name is carol or something. I asked her how long will the service be. She said maybe couple hours or half day. There's barely anybody there at that time.   I dropped off my car today and I was waiting at their lounge. After an hour, she came back and said oh the technicians said he heard a noise coming from your engine. I have never heard anything from my car and my car is still new w/ low mileage.  They said they will charge $100 for inspection even if there's nth wrong. Are you being serious? I brought my car for a free recall service and they are just trying to rip you off by telling you like your car is shit you need this and that, something that's not necessary. I told her no, I don't need the service. She is like ok,  and you can tell from her face that she is not happy about it. If there's sth wrong with my car, it's probably their technicians that screw it up! I take my car for oil change and inspection regularly, never had a problem!   I seriously regretted bringing my car over to this crappy place! Unethical and not so friendly service. Wish there's another Honda dealership close to where I live.   AVOID AT ALL COST!!!
4 One of the underwriters went the extra mile to help me out, saved me over $100 after the parts dept. did me NO favors or decent service.
5 Just bought a 2013 from this dealership.  I had looked at Carmax and Findlay, but Honda West by far had the best deal.  You have to go in knowing that they dont haggle, similiar to carmax.  I loved, loved Jorge! He was amazing! Took great care of me and was super nice! I would 100% refer anybody to him!
1 This will be a step-by-step guide on how to lose a customer in a day, and profit $58!  My car had a check engine light on. Hopefully you all know this but you can go to Autozone and get the engine trouble codes read for free. Takes a minute, they give you a printout and send you on your way. I did this and saw that my oxygen sensor was broken, with suspicion of a problem with the catalytic converter up and coming. I think, "hey, I might have this under warranty. I'll take it to Honda."  I take my car to service advisor Carol Guyovich. I tell her the engine code I got from the car and explain my thoughts from above. I ask if it's under warranty. She explains the oxygen sensor is not, but the catalytic converter is, and that she will get back to me with the results. Simple enough. Carol, being the service advisor with an award on her desk, is clearly simple, straightforward, and looking out for my best interests. Wrong.  I get a call back. She says it's the oxygen sensor and that is a $500 repair. $300 for the part, $200 for the labor. I say no, thanks, I'll do it myself. (Disclaimer: I work on cars). The part is actually around $70, and the labor took 10 minutes of my time. Even counting a minimum half an hour of shop time, that would be what... $35 in labor? I was in a hurry, so I was left with a bill of $58 for that conclusion.  I do my repair but am left with a bad taste in my mouth. I check over my bill closely and notice that the only actual thing they did was do what Autozone did (for free), and charge me for it. This is perhaps fine for a customer who did not walk in with the trouble code readout already - but I did. I walked in with that knowledge prior and she did not tell me this wasn't necessary. She did not tell me they only base their repairs on trouble codes. Had I known that, what would have been the point of leaving my car there for hours?  I go back to talk to Carol. I asked her if they simply just read the engine code, firstly, to which she said yes. I explain why I'm upset.  The response from her was a lecture along the lines of "You came here to have your car worked on by the pros, right? You're simplifying the job of a mechanic. He pays for his tools, his education..." you get the idea. I say "none of that was in play when he plugged in the reader for a minute and printed out the result on my bill. I already told you what was wrong with the car according to the same code and you did it anyway. And no, I wasn't here for the pros. I was here for warranty." I say that was not looking out for my best interest as a customer. She says, "well you're certainly entitled to your opinion. A charge is a charge."  And that is how you lose a customer in a day - over $58. It also calls into question how she can be given that award for customer service on her desk. I guess Honda West hands them out to pretty much anyone.
1 Honda West keeps calling me at my work to ask if I'm interested in selling my Honda CRV I purchased from them in 2007. They said some college student was in their showroom and couldn't afford a new Honda CRV, and they knew mine was extremely low miles and pristine condition.  I told them to NEVER bother me at work with such a rediculous request again.  I will NEVER, EVER, purchase from Honda West again. They're a dishonest company and I wittnessed one of the service staff rummaging through my center console looking for money to steal. I complained about it and the A** hole still works for them. Several of my friends said they've had money stolen from their cars during oil changes there.  Since my previous Honda West review, I have not been back to them. However, they keep bothering me to purchase another car from them. Shows their desperation.  I removed their license plate holders from my car a long time ago. No way am I advertising for such a dishonest company.
3 Went here to sell a car and perhaps we picked a bad day because they were having their company Christmas party so everyone was distracted.. Anywho the man who helped us was a sweet old man, God bless his heart, BUT he was so slow!!! Haha he was seriously moving at the speed of sloth which is not surprising since he's 82!!! And he kept forgetting things like where he put a piece of paper..  Omg hahaha I LOVE my senior citizens but we didn't want to be stuck there all day.. At one point when we were waiting for the manager's approval he dosed off.. He straight fell asleep and started snoring HAHAHA it was so cute but definitely would irritate an impatient seller/buyer....
4 This is just for the service department. Got an oil change here and they did a good job, I was in and out in less than 15 minutes for their express lube. The waiting room was clean. They charge as much as a jiffy lube, but they will wash your car (and they won't hassle you to buy a service you may or may not need, you know what i'm talking about ;-).Totally satisfied and will return! (Came back here a few times and wait times can be tricky, depending on how busy it is, just gotta be lucky!!)  Note: I did buy my car here but I don't want to post a review on it, buying any car is too much drama at any car dealership.. I'll put that in my autobiography.
5 You know when you start thinking about buying a car whether it be new or used and that nagging voice in the back of your head starts telling you that it may not be the right time... Well that is absolutely what happened to me. I thought about buying a new or used accord and decided to find the best deal or create the best deal by going back and forth with the dealerships here in town. After spending about 2 weeks online searching for the right used accord I was out of luck. I did not want a bare bones car and I could not find a used 2012 or 2011 for that matter anywhere in the valley so on a Saturday morning my wife grabbed my ipad out of my hands and said, " Stop looking online, lets just go look they probably don't have everything online."   30 minutes later in the car on the way to Honda West I told my wife in that manly, I know best voice, " I am not buying anything unless it is a great deal." Timing could not have been better, I got out of the car and out of the dealership walked a sales person named Brian Jimenez,  I had met with him about a year prior when I was contemplating buying a pilot and he remembered us. He asked if I was back for the Pilot and I told him no I am here to see some accords. He walked us to the used accords and the first car I set my eyes on was a 2012 Accord with only 6000 miles... First of all, I couldn't find a used 2011 or 2012 online at all and not only that but with only 6000 miles wow. As Brian went to get the keys 2 other families walked up to the car and it started to look a tribal circle of aborigine hunters looking at the last meal on the island. Brian came out with the keys and we got in it to test drive it and I told him then and there, Ill take it.   Needless to say we drove around the block and when we returned both of the other families were sitting in the lobby and just watched us as we headed to his desk. They all quickly groaned and walked back out to the lot after we locked it up. Brian was very good and walked through the paperwork with us and explained all of our options and made the buying process very easy. We actually ended up deciding we wanted to trade in our other car and buy the pilot as well and I wanted to do it with Brian but they did not have the pilot we wanted so we ended up going to Findley Honda for that one.   I would recommend Honda West to anyone looking for a Honda and I would definitely recommend you see Brian Jimenez since he is a great sales person and makes the experience very easy to buy.
4 Bought three cars from here over the years. Nothing to complain about but you might have to have your car shipped if you want a model they don't have. Because their car stock isn't the best. Otherwise no problems. But someone please let them get some free wifi for those of us getting service done. Come on guys it's 2013 here.
4 My wife and I are researching our next vehicle that we plan to purchase by the end of the summer this year.  What I learned during my visit surprised me.  Honda West is now owned by Sonic Automotive group.  They also have some steep discounts off MSRP listed on the vehicles which make their that make them more competitive in pricing as well.  She's been hot to trot on the Honda Crosstour and I've been eyeballing the Honda Odyssey EX-L.  We popped in here on a whim and was promptly met by a salesman.  He proceeded to show us our pickings of Crosstours and we quickly went on a test drive.    After a test drive, we decided to wonder over to the Odyssey line up and sat in a few of them.  The whole time, our sales man was accommodating, friendly and not too pushy.  We understood he was doing his job and tried to get us to go in and run numbers, but we kindly told him a few times that we were only looking and he backed off.  We got his card and will definitely be looking for to dealing with him when the time comes.
1 On 04/13/2013, I visited the Honda west for oil change. As part of the services, car wash was also included. I had also given my car for the car wash. There wasn't any issue with oil change and any other services. However, after car wash, my car is having hundreds of scratches in the back and sides. After that I contacted the receptionist at services and told him about the experience. His answer was rude and he refused that and said it's totally your responsibility far the car wash. We do not take any responsibility.   I understand that some minor scratches can happen due to car wash though machine. But this time there are hundreds of scratches and honestly I do not like my car any more. Not sure what to do now. The reason to write review is to make you aware of such incidents. I can do oil change in $ 20 outside, thought I paid double amount at Honda west for the sake of quality.  I am not hoping that they will fix this issue but at least some positive reply and make sure other customers do not get this kind of experience. And I am really really not feeling good. That's all I can say.
1 Awful service... I had a service tech lie and say he changed a warped panel on my Honda ... Made him go get the part that he replaced and he couldn't because they forgot to order it! How can I ever trust them again??
4 Went in at the end of April to shop for a new vehicle. I told my salesman, Brian Welz, that I was shopping around for the best deal and was looking at 4 models; a new Civic, Jetta, Chevy Cruise, or replace my Kia Forte. I told him bottom line would come down to who would offer me the best price on my trade in, since I owned it. Honda West was my first stop, needless to say I never made it to the other three dealerships. I walked out that evening with a new Civic SI, completely happy. One, they run their business like CarMax; the MSRP is on the window, and the absolute lowest price they will go is also listed, so very little haggling over the price. Second, Brian told his managers that my overall concern was with my trade in. They offered me over $1,000 more than what Kelly Blue Book had it valued as a trade in. The only reason for the 4 stars is because of the signing the contract part. This part is always annoying; they are still going to try to sell you the extended warranty and all of the other stuff that they are required to push. I get it, but still annoying. Brian was great to work with and I highly recommend them if you are searching for a Honda.
5 Bought the new accord recently here. They made it very easy. Gave me a fair offer for my trade and didn't throw any BS my way. See Jilmar one of the top sales associates there. He will make the process as painless as possible. Thank you.
5 We went in to sit in cars.  I wasn't ready to test drive cars yet.  I am 6'7" and I just don't fit in most cars these days.  A salesman named Jay helped us, and I told him that I was not there to buy, I was only there to see what cars I fit in.  He informed me that they have the new Hondas, the used car section, and they also could allow me to sit or test drive the Volvos.  Even though I was adamant that I was not going to buy that day, Jay spent 4 hours with us going through different car models.  I ended up test driving two cars, one used car and one new Honda.  I told him that I wanted to go home and do some research on the cars, and look for other brands.  He said he understood, and he said he just wanted to grab the numbers for me from the office.  I again reminded him that I didn't want to buy today, and he said he just wanted to get me the numbers so I knew where I would be if interested in the car.  He came back with a print out of $4,000 off the MSRP and what my payments would be with no trade-in.  We ended up going back to the dealership to buy the car, as it cost us less that what we could find anywhere else.  In fact, they sold me a brand new 2013 Honda Ridgeline cheaper than I could find a used 2011 Honda Ridgeline.  There was never any pressure, and they got me a 1.9% interest rate on the loan.  This place is the best place to buy a new Honda, or a used car.
1 LIARS! CONS! Specifically David Tucker and Kevin Bushy.  These two are a piece of work.  They are the biggest liars I have ever met, taking back their offer after my mother initialed the asking price they wrote on paper.  Here's the story.... On June 10, 2013, my mother and I went to test drive a used 2012 Honda Civic Hybrid with the online price of ~$18K and with a true price down to ~$17.5K. We were met with David Tucker the sales associate and took a test drive.  After driving it, we went inside to talk about pricing.  They offered OTD (out the door) of ~$19.5K, we counter offered $17.5K with willingness to go up to $18.5K MAX.  David grabbed his manager Kevin Bushy, talked a little and then offered us $18K and asked my mom to intial if it was ok.  My mom initialed with a commitment price and was enthused by the deal. Not even 5 minutes later, he comes back and scratched the signature and price and said no deal. Came back with a $19.5K counter offer.  Talk about getting F*CKED! Never have I dealt with shady people like that.  Again, DAVID TUCKER and KEVIN BUSHY ARE LIARS AND CONS! Never coming back to this place EVER! and I hope this review helps guide people to other places to buy!
1 **This is specifically for the service department**  I purchased a 2013 Odyssey Touring from this dealer and the next day we unfortunately ran into a chunk of old tire on the I-215 freeway. The damage to the vehicle seemed to only be a non-functioning fog lamp and parking sensor. We took the van back to the dealer and they had it for a whole day to investigate what it needed to get fully repaired. Here's where it gets deceitful, I received a call from the service department saying there was extensive damage and the warranty along with the bumper to bumper warranty we purchased did not cover the damages. The amount to fix was going to be $436 and that was giving us a "deal". I said no thank you and decided to take a look myself. I brought the van home, elevated the front end, removed two screws and found that all I needed to do was plug the fog light back in and purchase a new clip to hold the parking sensor in ($25). This tells me that the service department didn't even look at the van! They just threw a number out there and hoped that I would take the bait and pay $436 for a $25 part.  Make sure you know who you are trying to scam, not everyone is naive.
4 Buying a new car is rarely a pleasant experience but Honda West made the process fairly simple.  My wife already know what type of vehicle she wanted - Pilot Touring - and Honda West had the right color in stock.  The price on the vehicle was already pretty darn good, but they gave us another $1k off that price (which was about $1800 lower than any other Honda dealer in Vegas would offer).  I was a little dissapointed with the trade-in value, but given the very good price on the Pilot, we got a very good deal.  Very low pressure sales process, fast F&I - all and all a pretty smooth process.
3 I have mixed feelings about this dealership. I did get a great price on my used car, but I don't think they actually inspected my model year 2012 vehicle. This created a possible safety issue for my family. The hood shook violently as I was driving a week or so after buying the vehicle. This event happened during high-wind conditions as I was driving down the freeway. It turns out the previous owner had apparently replaced the hood and grill, but did a very poor job of replacing the parts. Only one bolt kept the hood latch secure, and only one screw kept the front grill in place. Whatever may have transpired to require a replacement of the hood and grill was not reporting in the CarFax.  I think you could argue for or against the idea that the dealership should have caught the problem, but I can say the mechanic I visited to fix it at a competing dealership noticed the problem immediately upon opening the hood. The Honda West dealership is a high-volume, low-margin operation and you can get great pricing on new and used cars compared to Findlay. I would caution every prospective buyer to pay attention to the standard dealership tactics. They will try to squeeze as much profit out of the transaction as possible. They are not your friends. The advertised price is really only an incentive to get the buyer into the showroom. The moment you decide on a car and a price they begin to wear you down with various options and fees. Don't let them do it. Stick to your plan, and be prepared to walk out. The most irritating thing about Honda West, however, is the Arbitration Agreement they try to make you sign. This is a recent trend in the industry where a dealership will try to get you to sign an agreement stating that any legal problem between you and the dealer will be heard by an arbitrator outside of the traditional legal system. Usually, in hearings like this the deck is stacked against the consumer in favor of the dealership. I absolutely refused to sign this piece of paper, and I walked out of the showroom. They flagged me down and allowed me to purchase the car without signing the agreement. If you see car at Honda West and like it, go ahead and buy it, but don't let them take advantage of you, and stick to your guns.
3 Ask for Guiseppe! The only reason for a 3 star is because I haven't heard the best things bout the service department.
1 Honda west solicited me to trade in my crv, they said they would get me a good APR. they sold me the car a few years ago, with an APR so high I had to refinance through my bank( wife and I had a newborn and would signed anything to get out of there). So I figure ill give them another chance. We communicate by phone and email, I make it clear that I DO NOT want to waste time, the fianance person gives me some numbers over the phone that seen ok. Someone contacts my wife today and tells her that they have a car on the lot that has what we are looking for at 9am, my wife makes it clear to them that she is at work with her Honda, they say no big deal and make an appointment for me to go there with our toddler to look at the car at 4pm and if I like it she can stop int to sign some papers will take 10 mins. So I get there and the car has not been detailed its a 2012 that is a bigger mess than my 08 and we have a toddler and a dog that we take everywhere, I try to overlook the mess and say let's figure some numbers, they can't because they need to see my Honda, which they already know my wife has at work. Oh yeah wait a minute how was I able to get some numbers over the phone 3 days ago an a different car. Honda west are nothing but TIME BUGLERS!!!!!!!!!! If your time is valuable don't waste it there......  I don't feel the need to say anything about the service department because its already been summed up here.... I will say that I get my Honda serviced at Findlay north and it has always been a great expirance. I haven't bought anything from Findlay north yet, but after havering solo much of my time stolen from Honda west I can promise that I will be able to report on a sales expirance with Findlay north in the near future.
1 The service department = what a joke.... Liars and lazy. You're better off going to the other locations  When my boyfriend bought his car a few months back at Findlay Honda in Henderson, he also purchased a prepaid package that covers a certain number of car washes, oil changes, etc etc. at ANY of the Honda locations. We were told that it was even good for locations that were out of state.  We went to Honda West. It was very convenient being that it was the closest location. The guy that was helping us told us that he was not able to do the oil change without charging us and that otherwise we would have to go back to Findlay Honda Henderson to get it done. As we left, we called Findlay Honda and told them what had happened at Honda West. The lady on the phone straight up told us, (exact words) "Um, they can do it. All they had to do was call a 1-800- number. They were probably just too lazy to go through the process. I've even just had somebody get their oil changed in Florida."   We were pretty frustrated at that point so we ended up driving all the way to Findlay Honda centennial. They're AWESOME over there by the way... Very professional staff and made us feel welcomed. Worth the drive. The one in Henderson is great also
1 Stay away from the service department! 3 hour wait for an oil change. $100 to replace $25 worth of airfilters. No loaner vehicles. The sales staff may be different, but I will never by a car there if I have to deal with that service again.
3 Edit- My original experience with this dealership was VERY poor, but the general manager, Kevin went out of his way to make things right. I really respect that they were willing to rework the deal to amend for the sale's guys misdeeds.
1 I purchased a 2005 Sequoia from Honda West on 11/11/13 and was assured it had been thoroughly checked out because they "fly the Honda banner."  Three days later, the car wouldn't start because the starter had gone out.  When I called the salesman, he very hurriedly told me that he was returning my call and that his manager was referring me to PepBoys.  Needless to say, I did not take it there.  I had previously taken my Accord there for routine and other work.  I will not do so in the future and I do not recommend Honda West to anyone.
1 The salesman had a tough time understand and speaking english but it felt like he faking the bad english.  We went on a test drive around the block.  When we came back I ask for a quote.  He told me that he had to get the price for the manager.  It took 15 mins and when he came back he gave me a sad story about how he didn't like his boss and how I wasted his time.  I made it very clear when I met the dealer that I was just looking.  It turns out that the dealer was wasting my time.  I ended up going to carmax but findlay is a nicer place if you buy a honda.
5 Since my husband and I have bought 4 cars from this dealership I guess you could call us loyal Honda customers. Never had any major problems with our cars other than maintaing them. My Element is 7 years old and still running like a champ.   We get all of our oil changes and work done here and the service department team are always friendly and professional. We took the Element in a few weeks back for the 30,000 mile service and my husband asked if we needed to replace the tires. Carol looked them over and said no, they were still decent. They have never pressured  us into spending more than what is necessary to keep our cars running properly and that is why we will continue to come back here.
4 We have bought at least 8 cars from them and never had a problem except once several years ago.   We bought a 2014 Accord EXL with Navi and it's my favorite car. I test drove a Lexus prior to test driving it and I preferred the Accord!  It's loaded to the max!  Super cool and it has great pickup when you need it. The staff was very nice.  We had Andy and Antonio. Ask for one of them!  My husband got an Acura a couple months ago but believe it or not, I think my car is cooler!
5 Nicole was extremely helpful from the moment that we walked into the dealership. She worked with my numbers to make sure that I was satisfied. Very good experience with her
5 I consider myself a loyal Honda customer since 2 of my cars have been Honda Accord's. I made the mistake of buying a car from CarMax and I quickly learned the hard way that I had made a mistake. I quickly reconciled my poor choice by running to the nearest Honda dealership and this location did not let me down.   I spoke with Nicole and she was beyond amazing. Not only did she come across as incredibly friendly and nice, but she was also clearly knowledgeable about Honda cars in general. I wasn't the easiest customer to deal with because I wasn't sure exactly what I wanted this time. She spent a lot of time walking me around the lot and explaining the difference between all of my top choices - Accord, Pilot, CR-V, all of them! At no point did she make me feel rushed or pressured. I learned so much about each of these cars thanks to her and I feel like I can make a comfortable decision about which car is right for me.  I highly recommend Honda West and, in my opinion, the sales rep to see is Nicole!
5 Left here as one happy customer! I was helped by Jorge who made everything so easy.  Great service and  someone who I would definitely recommend to my family and friends! :)
1 Just yesterday my son went in and paid cash for brand new CRV EX. They treated him rotten and dragged him over  the coals.  Make promises they did not keep and treated him like a dog. I urge everybody that's thinking of buying a Honda . To never set foot in this very poor excuse for a dealership. We on the other hand just purchased today a new civic at Findley and we're treated like kings.
1 HONDA WEST ALMOST KILLED ME! I always come here for my oil change. Anyway, I had major service done here about a month ago and had oil change, clutch flush, brake fluids, spark plugs and one other thing done (I can't remember). Anyway, I went to Honda Culver City (los angeles) a week ago and they found that all 4 of my brake pads were "dangerously low" and that my car wasn't even safe to drive with brake pads that low. I think the service agent told me that the brake pads were 0.5mm. You can call Honda Culver City to verify. How can Honda West check my clutch, brake fluids and other stuff and not see that my brake pads are that low? I even told the service guy that I'm going to be doing a long drive and asked to check the car. Thanks for letting me drive my car when it's unsafe to do so. Apparently your customer's safety isn't your priority. I could sue you guys for this
5 Been here three times in the past year. Karla is the reason I keep coming back. She makes every experience awesome!
1 Worst experience ever! Will never go back to that dealership again this is the second bad experience I've had there. They sold me a car and I traded my car in and they had no proof or record of my income and then harassed me for a weeks for all kinds of information. Said they couldn't get me approved for financing and offered me a totally different car-Two weeks later I finally found out who financed me. Very unprofessional. Thankfully I argued with them for a week and got my payment down $100 per month! And they took off all that stuff I did not need.  They also sold me a car alarm system to be added onto my payment (which didn't exist at the time) and also didn't fit the car they sold me.  Their response to everyone with one star is exactly the same, Copied. So yes I will understand they appreciate my concern LOL  They had no idea how to work the car they gave me, could not hook up the phone or get certain things to work on the car and then refused to rectify it. The guy in financing had only been there a few months but said he's been doing it for years but was in training the whole time I needed to get in touch with him about the financials. Used car salesmen, that's all they are.  On a brighter note, Dan the Internet salesman was at least helpful in the beginning. I hope he moves to a more reputable dealership! They are just as bad as Findlay Honda.  And unfortunately Honda it is an awesome car-They need to get better representation!
4 After looking for a car over a couple of months, driving from dealer to dealer to private car owners and having anything work out. I was really over buying a car. I didn't want to deal with shady car dealers, loan officers, rude managers who don't listen and crappy cars. Honda was my last hope. I saw a car online that i liked an called to make sure it was still available. Merrisa helped me out and told me to ask for a certain person when I came in. I couldn't make it that day, but she called back to check in with me on how the car looked and if I came in. That was nice. I explained we didn't make it but we'd by that day and she again gave me another name to ask for. Well my parents who were meeting me there arrived first and Tim was already helping them with the car I wanted. He was friendly and not pushy AT ALL. I decided to move forward with the car and he was able to get us financing we were pleased with, with our own credit union. The paperwork was a bit lengthy but the loan consultant was very friendly and comical. I've been to a dozen dealerships and dealth with many loan processors and none had a personality. It was all about selling the warranty and doing paperwork.  Thank you Tim for taking care of us and for my car.
5 If you are thinking about buying a car but don't like the usual high pressure and shady sales tactics used by a lot of dealerships, go to Honda West.  After a pretty bad experience with another local dealership, I contacted Marisa, the E-sales agent for Honda West and made an offer to purchase a 2014 Honda Civic EX.  Within minutes, she emailed me a very competitive counter offer and I drove to the dealership and met with Greg Larson, the salesman who showed me the car which I test drove.  I liked the car and agreed to buy it at the price they gave me.  No long wait, no pushy or intimidating manager trying to close the deal with a lot of add extras.  I actually enjoyed coming into this dealership where they have an indoor basketball hoop where the salesmen can practice shots helping to take the stress off their jobs.  Kudos to the owner of this dealership for doing this.  Happy contented employees make happy, contented customers!  Thanks Marisa and Greg.  I'm looking forward to buying another car from you which maybe awhile as my current 2001 Honda Civic has 180,000 miles on it and is still going strong!
3 The good: 1. The convenience of making an appointment on line. 2. In by 8:30, out by 4:00 pm with oil change, new brakes, brake flush, new A/C relay, and a check for recalls. 3. The service writer asked if I wanted my rear windshield wiper insert replaced (I said "Yes, please replace the front ones also.") 4. The new service department manager did return my phone call after I became concerned that they would go overboard on the A/C (after all, they did try to sell me transmission service that I didn't need. See below). 5. The service writer offered to check for any recalls on my 2009 Odyssey. 6. The free car wash that comes with the not so free ($42.95) oil change. 7. Prior to owning my current Honda, I had purchased two new vehicles at this dealership, and was always pleased with both the sales and service departments.  The not so good: 1. The service writer had a record of my appointment, but not the three services I had requested via the online form.  2. As I begin to list them for her she begins to write up a transmission oil change, which I did not request or need since it had already been done by Honda West, and was not due again. 3. After three attempts to have her write down that I wanted the A/C relay replaced, she managed "CUST STATES THAT FREON BLEW OUT SYSTEM STILL SEEMS TO BE BLOWING COLD? ADVISE CUST FEELS RELAY VALVE IS OUT?" I had to laugh when the service department called me later and advised me that the A/C relay had to be replaced. 4. My request for another service writer was ignored. 5. I got home before I realized that my service writer had failed to write down the windshield wiper replacements.  The horrible: 1. The $49.95 "SHOP SUPPLY COSTS" on top of the $748.08. Be sure to read the fine print before signing the work order. 2. When I purchased my new 2009 Odyssey six years ago the sales department was so disgustingly old school that I went across town and got a great deal. This is the vehicle I am currently driving. Repeat: this was 6 years ago, so I trust that things are different today.  The funny: 1. When I came to pick up my van, the service writer gave the cashier the wrong invoice, and retrieved the wrong vehicle. 2. Don't expect clean wheels with your free car wash. 3. According to the invoice my silver Honda is now "blue," and my license plate number was transcribed incorrectly.  BOTTOM LINE: I LIKE HONDAS AND I LIKE THIS DEALERSHIP A LOT. During the past 14 years I've dealt with great sales people there and horrible sales people, and I've dealt with great service people and not so great service people, including one who converted my wife into a Toyota customer seven years and two cars ago.   Anyways, they have new ownership and a brand new service manager ('bye, Wayne, you were great. Enjoy retirement). Let's hope that they treat their employees and customers well.
5 Had a wonderful buying experience at Honda West. Our salesman John was the friendliest.  The process to buy was fast and easy. Not my first go around in the car buying process,so I have had quite a few horrible experiences, but not here! Got a great deal and will definitely buy here again! Thank you John and Ron
1 I ordered wheel locks to put on my Honda from Honda West, from a Honda West parts department representative.  After completing the order and providing credit card information for payment over the phone, the parts department representative stated the wheel locks would be available for pickup the next day as he indicated they were in stock.  Upon going to Honda West the next day (a cross town trip for me), the parts department representative at the front count told me they did not have the wheel locks available for me - after asking why, the parts department representative refused to provide a reason and became hostile and combative towards me.  Upon speaking to a supervisor, he admitted they did not have the wheel locks in stock, they had to be ordered, and it would take 3-5 days to get the wheel locks - completely contrary to what the parts department representative had indicated to me one day prior.    Although this was not a large purchase, it displayed incompetence and resistance to stating the honest reason for the issue - all poor customer service items.  For my trouble of making two trips to pick up the wheel locks, Honda West offered me a 10% 'VIP' discount, when I already had a 10% discount for parts purchases from their website, so, I was not offered any consideration for Honda West's incompetence and failure to disclosure they had made a mistake.  Being open, upfront and forthright would have gone a long way to explain the situation from my perspective - everyone makes mistakes, it is how you deal with them in an open and forthright manner and make a reasonable attempt to equitably resolve the issue - none of this was done by Honda West.  Based on this experience for a minor purchase, I intended to never patronize Honda West again for any purchases, as they did not exhibit a service mentality and culture of quality, openness, being forthright or attempting to resolve situations in a reasonable and equitable manner.    I would be very concerned in making a large purchase from an organization like this (and I have purchased three Honda automobiles in the past 8 years, so I am a regular and loyal Honda customer for both new/used cars, parts and service).
5 I bought a 2014 CRV here and have been incredibly happy with their customer service. They're always very accommodating and helpful, and above that, friendly. Even when I called the other day to make an appointment for my oil change, the lady I spoke with was surprisingly nice and made conversation about our cars, as she had a 2014 CRV also. It was nice for her to talk rather than out me on hold or sit in silence. All of the people in the service area have been great as well. I have a pretty busy schedule and they always help me out!
5 Honda west was a great treat! Alex Robinson was very helpful, professional and I must say, pleasantly comedic as well. I have dealt with many dealerships in the past and I must say that this has been the best experience ever. Alex was quick to assist us with our needs and was able to quickly process all the paperwork and get our demands on the lease with no problems. He worked with us professionaly as best as he could. Would definitely recommend both the dealership and Alex if you need a new car. OUTSTANDING!!!
5 Not sure why Honda West doesn't have a better rating! After a shitty experience with AutoNation Honda East, Honda West was Heaven!!!  I have been visiting Honda West periodically over the course of a year, because I haven't been ready to buy a vehicle yet, but I knew I wanted the new Honda Accord Sedan. Whenever I visited, I told them that because I didn't want to hold someone from making a sale by other customers who was actually ready to buy. Just wanted them to let me explore my potential future vehicle and answer a few questions. But EVERY TIME I went and advised of my situation, their staff would still go BEYOND my expectations to assist me, suggest additional options for me to think about, show me all the new features of the car, etc. And best of all, they were never pushy AT ALL!!!  This time when I was ready to buy, my salesman, Jonathan Warner, kept helping me negotiate with the financial department and got me a deal I was comfortable with, and couldn't refuse. They also did not have the color I wanted but searched with other Honda dealerships for one and kept checking in with them to make sure they arrived with my car in a timely manner.  I highly recommend Honda West & their staff to assist you in purchasing your next vehicle!!!
5 Great service! From when I pull into the service drive to when I drive off the staff is very friendly and always smiling. The service staff is very knowledgable. The technicians finish the work in a timely matter and do the work correctly the first time. Why not pay a little more for quality parts and factory trained technicians that know your car then Joe Blow who's not trained by Honda and uses cheap aftermarket parts. GREAT SERVICE HONDAWEST!
