1 My boyfriend and I were looking to move out of our Summerlin Condo and into a house, so we could get a puppy of course, and have a yard. So we went searching on-line and found a house that we loved.   The next day we met the property management company at the house to do a walk through. Carla was the manager and she was the most scatter brained, unprofessional, and unprepared person I have ever met.   Despite the falls and some set backs we continued to proceed with renting our home. We love the house, it has a huge yard and great owners. The problem was the property management company.   Every time we have to talk with them, they are the rudest people I have ever dealt with. They will hang up on you in an instant, and do not get you the respect or the time of day is something is wrong. They do not even do their job properly.   BEWARE! I would never use this company again, the worst experience I have ever had in my life with a company.
1 Doug Miller first agreed to refund $ after the closing but did not keep his word, yet was quick to compensate his realtor partner Bernie.  I definitely overpaid for the house and Doug deceived me while representing me as my realtor.  He also failed to pay for the HOA documents even though I paid for the mandatory ReMax document (junk) fee and said he paid it.  I could say more about my bad experience with them but I will be inclined to include expletives.  Don't do business with ReMax Central of Las Vegas!
1 We rented  a home 2893 Red Springs in Red Country Club through Remax Central 8400 W Sahara Ave. and it was an awfully experienced. We keep up with the property as if it was our own. Once we moved out they basically took majority of deposit on erroneous charges. What's so shady is when they sent the letter of security deposit itemized disposition it only had a list of repairs not an itemized list of dollar amount of each repair cost. I have been disputing this with the property manager Laurine Huynh who is treating us so unfairly. We also had money orders stolen from there office which  we were never able to recoup. We received no help from them in trying to recoup our money. This company is not to be trusted they are unethical.
