4 I'm surprised this place doesn't have a review yet. It is considered a "casino" with video poker and various slot machines that I haven't touched (I'm not a gambler), with restaurant seating and bar. Every time I've been in here so far (3x), I've never seen the restaurant side open. The place is 24 hours, and the best part is that their full menu is available 24 hours as well. I noticed a lot of places will close their kitchen during the later hours of the night, and that's no good for people like me who get the munchies after a fun night out.   It's a very mellow place and so far it looks like only locals come in, so don't expect speedy service. It's good service...but more like 'lax service. Plus they usually only have 1 or 2 guys running the entire place. The food comes out pretty fast after you order, but this is the kind of place that won't give you the check unless you ask for it. One time, I finished my meal and just sat and watched TV/played on my phone/chilled for a good thirty minutes before I finally told one of the bartenders I would like to pay.   The food is great too. There is a bunch of items I haven't tried yet but what I have tried has been very good (the potato cheddar soup, bbq ribs, cheesecake a la mode, and few appetizers). I love fries, and theirs are perfect: crisp, hot, and well-seasoned. They have a full menu including breakfast which I am determined to go back and try one of these days.  So if you got the drunchies (drunk munchies) or just want a midnight snack, Mad Matty's the perfect place to just relax and fill up before you return to your humble abode.
5 great drinks funny bartenders good for relaxing after work the carne asada burrito was suprisingly awesome!
4 This is my go-to place when I'm having a rough day.  The waitresses always provide good service.  The fries are fantastic, as is all of the food I've tried.  My favorites are the tuna melt and the turkey croissant.  There is no glass separating the casino from the restaurant.  Even though I hate cigarette smoke, it doesn't bother me here--just another way to keep the screaming kids away.
5 Still our favorite brunch location.  We have come here for years, the brunch price has gone up and come back down. Still a great value, food is the same every time.  Love it.
4 Matty may be Mad but this place makes me :)  ..One day while driving down Sahara looking for lunch I see Wendy's and think nahhh. I happen upon Mad Matty's Bar and Grille next door and decided to try it out (love their witty comments on their LED scrolling sign such as "oh cool, a bus lane! note: this was during the bus lane construction on Sahara and later "wasn't construction over weeks ago" -about the delay in completion). Anyway, the place is dim and full of video poker and slots just like any other casino-bar, but as soon as i walk in i'm greeted with a warm welcome by the bartenders.  Both of them were really friendly and we even shared a few laughs while i ordered.  I got the mad matty's burger (typical bar food) but not so typical burger! for about the same price as Wendys next door, i Got a huge 1/2 lb burger with cheese, fries and ranch!  A chill place with a good burger! So if you're looking for a good burger fix in the area, opt out of typical fast food and grab one at Mad Matty's.  You'll also get better service and friendly bartenders! Sit back, sip a few beers, and good luck hitting that royal flush playing deuces wild!
4 This place is the best place to gamble off the strip if you want the bar environment with casion slots. The bartenders are great, the food is AMAZING and they have a good progressive. Its open 24hrs and the food is also 24hrs. They don't have pool tables or darts, but if you want to hang out and gamble or have great food while watching the game you should go here.
5 Mattys burger!!!! All the way..oh ya Johns cool too ;-) xo
4 Sunday morning quiet coupled with great food and a pleasant wait staff makes Mad Matty's a standard stop for us when we're in Vegas. We've only hit them for breakfast, but judging from other reviews our experience is echoed by others. Definitely worth a stop!
2 Food is average, I think it depends on what you get.  There was only 1 other table there eating other then us.  I had the beef barley soup which was pretty good, I had the beef tips (which were fatty & tough) with the creamy mashed potatoes (which were very dense and thick) and the side of spinach (which was good and had garlic in it).   Portion size was good.  My meal was $12.99 a little pricey for the quality that was served.  I'd go back but I would definitely try something else.  Service was nice nothing great and certainly wasn't bad.
1 My wife and I went to Matty's for breakfast last Sunday morning, 11 Nov. around 9-9:30. We have been there numerous times for breakfast, lunch and dinner. All very nice experiences with good food and good service to boot. Not so much last Sunday. We noticed upon entering the dining room that there was a little remodeling going on around the fireplace. The Mrs. chose a table by the window as there were no small booths available. The seating we picked was actually two tables pushed together that could seat 8-10 people.  The waitress (Adele?) objected to our selection (mind you she did not offer menu's nor breakfast beverages) but was more concerned that we took some kind of prime real estate. Of course her loud objections garnered the attention of the other customers. We told her we did not want to sit by the fireplace with all of the construction dirt etc. She said 'What if a large party comes in?' bla, bla, bla. Not our worry. There was a large booth that would seat at least 6-7 folks. So we chose to leave, just in case someone else would like the table we chose. Not finished...While we were leaving the waitress was in the bar complaining about US giving her a hard time to the bartender.  I flat told her that I didn't appreciate her mouth and that we would not be back.   My wife and I really try to support locally owned businesses especially eaterys. We let Matty's and took our busness to The Lakes Lounge. Nice quiet place, equally good food and great service.. I guess we should have asked for the manager etc.....but it wasn't worth it.
3 I had a good time here, the room was a bit dark for me but it could have just been the time I went. I gambled a bit and won some money and they comp. your drinks if you're gambling (which is customary in Vegas). I didn't try the food but everyone I went with had a good time I would definitely go there again and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good chill place to gamble and drink at.
5 My favorite football and after-party party spot! Plus after midnight they have $1 tap beers and a good food menu!
4 Since our b-fast fiasco we've been back to Matty's several times. (not for b-fast). The afternoon/evening service is very good. The latest dinner was the Blu cheese/mushroom steak. Yumm. The bartender was super and treated us as 'regulars'. He helped the wife with a new players card. Also the remodel of the dining room is really nice, stonework and more tables by the windows. Bottom line....we'll be authentic 'regulars' at Matty's.
4 Great place to revisit if you haven't been here in awhile.  Good food, service and atmosphere.  Matty burger is delicious and almost enough for 2. Definitely will be back.
4 I ate here with a friend and it was an nice surprise.  We both had the prime rib special, and what a deal it was for $9.99.  Soup or Salad, your meat plus 2 sides, the mashed potatoes were great !  I had the spinach which was good also it was made with garlic and really tasty.  I would go back again, I would love to try their burgers, we saw them served and they looked unbelieveable !!!
5 We got a groupon for Mad Matty's, and we had a very positive experience. We ate dinner in the dining section, which is in the front and has one-way glass windows so you can look out at the traffic on the street. The area is comfortable, and we couldn't smell the smoke from the bar/gaming area. There are big-screen TV's and background music too; but none of it was so loud that you can't have a conversation.  Husband had the chicken-fried steak, and I had the BBQ burger. Both were excellent, and with the sides are a good value. Our waitress fulfilled special requests (mayonnaise, not ketchup, for the fries; etc.) perfectly. She was very friendly, but unobtrusive, which allowed us to have a nice relaxed dining experience.We had the brownie dessert also, very rich and warm and big enough for two. There are also Happy Hour drink specials from 2-7 p.m. every day; we got pints of good draft beer for $2 each!! This place has pretty typical pub food: burgers and other sandwiches (1/2 lb.deluxe burgers run about $8 with fries or another side), a few Mexican offerings, chicken, salads, steak, ribs, and a daily prime rib special ($10). If that is what you are in the mood for, try it if you are in the neighborhood! We have decided to go to Mad Matty's instead of the nearby Outback (crowded, dark, and more expensive), when we want this type of meal. Great neighborhood spot....we will be regulars...we'd like to try it for breakfast. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but go in and give it a try!
3 Has a cool 70s retro feel, but not like crappy old. More like Mad Men or any tv show set in the 70s. Got a 1/2 pound burger and fries for 6.50. Pretty good. Happy hour is 4-7 with $2 drafts. Service isn't the fastest. Seriously. Don't come here if you have a short lunch break. Would probably come back.
4 This is definitely worth trying out. My first time for breakfast. Adela was friendly.  The omlette was good and the food cooked with competence.  The prices are amazingly affordable.  And they have TV for the sports fans.
5 Came here because I purchased a Groupon. I do not live in this part of town, but I wish I was nearby because it is a decent enough neighborhood spot. The bartenders were super sweet and attentive. Many tv's on for my ESPN fix. I ordered their prime rib which is only $10 and it did not disappoint. I chose the shrimp albondigas soup, and I really liked it. Broth-y but generous with the shrimp meatballs. The prime rib came with garlic mashed potatoes and veggies. Great service and decent prices.
1 Is this place open. The reviews indicated it was a 24 hour restaurant but it was closed up at 6:30am.
1 $9.99 for a Prime Rib dinner. I asked the waitress (J_____) when she came to the table if the Prime Rib was available 24 hours a day. It was then that I got worried because it was and I know how long it takes to make a Prime Rib. I ordered the Prime Rib medium rare. It was as grey as the four stars I didn't select. The only way to get meat this grey is to boil. I am concerned that someone felt the need to sterilize it. It was a fairly nasty looking piece of meat filled with fat and gristle. The cook seemed to be more concerned with the soccer game then cooking. The au jus was watery.  The salad was simple but fresh. The beans were okay, the fries were excellent. As someone who has been cooking for over 30 years, I am certain that the meat was boiled. I should have taken a picture of it. My friend and I went on a Saturday afternoon, there were three people at the bar and for the first 15 minutes, we were the only two people in the dining area. The place could be a gold mine, but with a meal like that, I won't go back unless someone fires the guy that served that piece a meat as food. The guy was imitating a chef. Anybody who would serve that should never work in the food service industry. I have never served anything that bad to myself. I am ex-military and I still eat MRE's occasionally when camping. I just can't say it enough, that was bad. I was polite at all times and didn't bother asking for something else. I just felt things could get worse. There seems to be a lot of great reviews, so I am especially mad at Mad Matty's. Now I will have to go and get a Prime Rib and do it myself. At least I wasn't the one paying.
