3 lived here for two years. It was alright. Property Management could use a little boost. They would move any and all people in here, no matter how many evictions you have. Which can be a good thing for those people.. but really? These apartments are located in a fairly good area in summerlin. Shopping Centers near by, Elementary School just a half a mile or less. Sad to say they let go of their Property Maintenance and everything went downhill from there...
4 Looking for a place to called home?Ivy is the one ...location is great .....closed to everything boca park,tivoli village & great cafe ,Restaurant and Yes the staff at the Ivy office super cool  they pay attention to the tenant... any repair and concern they quick to response & fixed the problem thumbs up
1 Looking for a home? Don't come to The Ivy!   The first time I went here, the office was open, but no one was there! I waited 10 mins and then left. I came back a half hour later, I saw a shadow in the back office. No one greeted me again! I went to the back office to get some help and the lady there pretended she didn't know I was there. I had to ask her to show me an apartment. She never told me her name and she never asked for mine. Didn't even have a nametag on. Never got my ID for an apartment showing either. Totally unprofessional. Asked me to fill something out and then I had to ask again to show me the apartment. She also asked if am I trying to pull all of the weeds out before I told my husband which ones to rent from. I was really blown away. The community is ghetto and it's a shame because this is supposed to be in a nice area. The apartments were ugly as well. Totally waste of time. She was so rude and not even interested to lease an apartment. How does she have a job?  I only came here because I was a secret shopper. How does this place stay up for business?
5 These are the best apartments ever! When my boyfriend and I were looking at moving in together we went to a dozen different apartment complexes.  We found ourselves at The Ivy. At first we kinda waiting around the lobby and I saw on a piece of paper the amount per unit. I told my BF, never mind lets go to the next one.  But we waited & I AM SO GLAD WE DID. The apartments are huge, with high ceilings, a washer and dryer included. In the bathroom there are double sinks even though its a one bedroom its convenient with two people. The patio is huge!! & that was one of my biggest things searching for an apartment.  As soon as I walked in I knew this was the one!  The staff is amazing and always makes me feel like im at home. The maintenance crew is awesome. They are always on top of their game and very respectful of my unit.  It was $500 to move in, all fees included plus first months rent. Pet fees are $250 non-refundable deposit but the staff works with you to pay it off. Just pulling into the complex every night from work I feel safe and I know my apartment complex will always take care of me.  BEST PLACE TO LIVE IS THE IVY!!
