5 I love this place I have been going here for 10 years now, and oh ya I'm the first one to leave a review on here !!
4 This Cleaners is family owned and operated. Could not ask for better service and better people. I would never switch!
5 We have been customers a Canyon Gate for about a year with no issues.  Recently I brought in a brand new shirt of my boyfriend's.  The shirt, which had never been worn before, got stained in the dry cleaning process.  Judy re-cleaned it 3 times and did get the stains out, but the shirt that was originally white was now grey.  Without hesitation Judy allowed me to make a claim.  Since the shirt was brand new I had the receipt which I included with the claim.  I was expecting to get a check in the mail and to be honest, not expecting to get the full value of the brand new shirt.  Instead, Judy's husband took the receipt to Nordstrom, where I bought the shirt, and replaced the shirt!  A+++ in service recovery!
1 I would recommend NOT using this establishment for business shirts. I am a first time customer that recently brought in 14 shirts to be laundered and pressed.  When I got home I examined the shirts and found that every shirt had a small rip/ tear on the top left sleeve.  I brought all shirts back to them and showed the owners Son all shirts.  He agreed that it was probably caused by something on the equipment. He asked that I leave a shirt so he could accurately describe the problem to his Mom when she came back later in the day. He told me she would call me. I did not receive a call back, so I stopped by on the way to work and discussed the issue. The owner said that she had never seen me before, and there was nothing she could do. She stated that there was no way to know if I brought the shirts to her in a damaged condition. She stated that if I was a " regular customer" maybe she could do something. So......I am out 14 dress shirts plus the cost of " cleaning" them.  I felt that the owner thought I was trying to run a scam on her.  Not a very good experience.  I would most definitely avoid this place of business for my business shirts. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!  I was willing to come to a reasonable resolution, but the owner offered no solution.  So I will be pursuing this matter in small claims court.
5 Been using these good folks for seven years  -- mostly business shirts.  Have been very pleased with their service and sense a higher level of commitment from such a family-owned business. Also notice that other executives in my company use them regularly.
