5 I've eaten at over 40 pizza places in town and i always come back to villas.  Good friendly staff and the best pizza in Vegas.  This place has been my favorit pizza joint since i was 8.  Give it a try,you wont be disappointed.
5 My son literally only eats their cheese pizzas. I am a fan as well, they always make the best strombollis or calzones. All their pizza toppings are delicious! Give em a try. If you like real fresh though and you want to eat at home you may want to order 10 minutes prior to arriving and take it home. I use delivery for last option just because of the price you pay for pizza these days. Good customer service for the most part.  Just recently took the kid here on wednesday for make your own pizza day and movie day as well. They have a big screen there for kids to watch top movies such as Bed Time Stories, Coraline, and Shrek. My son will be treated to this day once again and it's totally worth the money!
5 Talk about GREAT pizza!  The Caesar salad was also great!  A must try is the Thai pizza and the Fawsome pizza...BOTH favorites :)
4 Love their pizza but the hot wings are to die for! Not for the weak at heart.  Service could use some work.
5 Love this place. The pizza is soooo good and the garlic knots are amazing. The $6.49 all-you-can-eat deal is my new favorite lunch special. Even the salad was so good. I can't wait to go back.
4 For thin pizza with no frills this is the place. We live far from this location, but still feel it's worth the drive. Usually just order a cheese pizza--the pepperoni tends to make the pizza too greasy, and the awesome chicken fingers-the best fingers ever. And you can not forget or miss out on their homemade ranch dressing--it's so good--on everything! We once ordered onions on the pizza but they were caramelized and it's not what I was expecting. Villa is a Vegas staple; I know people who were eating there in the 70's! Not cheap, so if you're looking for a cheapo pizza, look elsewhere, Overall it's good and the place itself is a bit run down with some dramatic murals painted on the wall--vintage italiano! Lots of family orientated events and good eat-in specials. Definitely check it out!
2 I've had villa pizza before but not from this restaurant. They got to us fast but it wasn't very good. It was really bland and had no flavor.The cheese was sticking to the box in the corner. Won't order here again.
3 Had lunch here with my coworker. He was bragging about their meatballs/meatball sandwich and that got my attention real quick. I'll never pass up an opportunity to have a meatball sammy!  Meatball Sandwich: I would say about a 9" sub with 4 decent sized meatballs, some red sauce, parm and some herbs sprinkled on top. The bread was soft, meatballs tasty and their sauce was great. One of the better meatball subs I've had in a while..   Slice of Cheese Pizza: One of the lightest and flavorless pizzas I've ever had. The dough was airy, had a thin crust, slightly crisped on the bottom, barely any sauce and cheese was quite bland. It wasn't horrible but it felt like it was missing something?.... Maybe more sauce, something in the dough.. They had oregano, parm, red pepper flakes and garlic powder as condiments.. Just pile it on and it'll help accentuate some flavor..  Staff was cool, meatball sandwich was great and overall kinda pricey..
3 I am so bummed to be writing a mediocre review for this Villa Pizza. Whenever I used to get pizza, this would be the place to go, but how the mighty have fallen. I recall about 6 months ago, we came in late one night and we ordered an XL pizza with pepperoni and mushroom. Typically, the larger the pizza, the greater the chance that the pizza will be soggy in the middle, but this XL (I think it was 18") was super crispy everywhere!   Fast forward to about 3 months ago and we had another Villa craving. We called in ordering a large supreme. When we got home, it was such a sloppy mess. EVERYTHING slid off before we could take any bites  because the slice was a 90 degree angle pointing down.    Now last week, there was a Groupon for Villa and I jumped right on that train because I had assumed that the poor experience previously was merely because we had ordered too many toppings. We came at 6PM on Tuesday for our pizza feast. I have been coming to this Villa Pizza for 6 years now and I have never seen this place so packed. The Groupon definitely did its job, but they were unprepared and understaffed; the waitress even told us so. There was one girl doing all 10 tables and we had to ask for everything about 2 or 3 times (water, ranch, napkins, more water).   We ordered their sampler which had fries, wings, chicken tenders, and mozzarella sticks. This was pretty good and the kids really enjoyed it (what kid doesn't love fried stuff?). However, when our pizza came out with our measly two toppings, the pizza was soggy in the center, AGAIN. I cannot get over the soggy center of a pizza since there are so many places that can make it better, so unfortunately, I will probably give them one more try, but if they fail again, I will have to seek new refuge for my NY style pizza cravings.
4 Groupon was what motivated us to check out this place.  We were pleasently surprised how good the food was.  My husband got pizza and I got the Penne ala Vodka.  They also gave us a complimentary sample of their Brucshetta which was AMAZING.  Their pizza is good (snuck a bite from my husband).  The pasta was fantastic...could immediately tell it was home made sauce, which was an added bonus.  Reasonably priced, and nice environment for families.
4 I came here because of a coupon.    Great pizza. Amazing garlic knots  and homemade ranch.   Friendly service.  I'd come again, even without the coupon.
4 Ive had Villa Pizza on numerous occasions and always found it lacking flavor and spices in its pizza.  These review though is not for their pizza, its for their wings.  Ordered their 20 piece wings (with ranch), a side of fries and the chicken fingers (which came with fries). I thought it was a little pricey. Came to 29.83 I would expect it to be a couple dollars cheaper but i figured what the hell. It was a late sunday night and I had no other choices. Everywhere else was closed.  The gentlemen was nice on the phone, explained all the different options and prices with each. Took only a couple minutes and told me my food would be delivered in 40 minutes.  Low and behold it was here in 35 minutes. Thats good. I like them to be on time or early. The fries were very good, not greasy or soggy. Only thing I would say is next time I wish they would lightly salt them. I had to brush off some of the salt after a while.  The wings were the best wings Ive had in a while and I usually have wings about once or twice a month. They were cooked perfectly. Had a slight crunch yet were very tender. They had lots of wing sauce and it was delicious.   I had mild and my husband had the hot.  I'm going to get the restaurant.com and come here again. I love specials!
2 The fact that this place has so many good reviews says something about the pallet of the pizza eaters in las vegas.  The sauce is overly sweet, the crust is soggy and tasteless and the pizza wasn't cooked long enough so the green peppers and onions still tasted raw.
3 This place usually has pretty good pizza but the last few times that I ordered  from here, my pizza has been soggy.  Soggy pizza is wah wah.
2 Ordered a Large Villa Special (Delivery) It was soggy in the middle & the bottom side of it as pure flour. I don't think I'll be ordering from here again. (Oh yeah, the driver got lost & I might as well have picked it up myself)
5 Great pizza and somewhat fast delivery.
5 Ive been coming to this Villa pizza for years! Do not let the Food court name fool you. Their pizza, Knots, bosco sticks, and pastas are all amazing. the service is always awesome, they even host a movie night for kids were they can also make their own pizza table side. I have them on Facebook as a friend were they alway post daily deals! Life long customer they've made me, and i cant wait to return!
4 A frequent lunch spot for myself and my colleagues, this place rarely disappoints. Their all-you-can-eat lunch special which runs from Monday to Friday is a staple for my office. Cough up $7 and you get an endless supply of pasta with marinara or meat sauce, cheese pizza, caesar or house salad, and garlic knots (drink not included). The pasta and sauce is mediocre and the cook has a bad habit of not draining all the water out of the dish so you're left with a small puddle of it at the bottom of your bowl. The pizza on the other hand is typically great and reminds me very much of the pizza I used to enjoy back in New York. The service is good and the interior is painted beautifully with Italian style murals including one of that dump they call Yankee Stadium.
5 The food is fantastic!  I pass it almost every day on my way home and always want to stop by and eat there. I've tried almost everything on the menu and it all tastes great - the pizza and wings especially! All their prices are very decent, and you can get a whole pie and an appetizer for two people for around $20-$25 (including drinks). When I have parties I always get my pizza from here. The people who work there have a really laid back atmosphere, but it doesn't make the experience unprofessional.  Great place for kids. The kids menu is delicious and every Wednesday they have a kids movie night! :)  Definitely worth a try.
5 This is our once a week family spot! Great value and good food. A must is the family special! It's a special that runs all the time.
2 Meh exactly.  Wings were anemic and the stromboli was uber greasy.
1 Things not the same here anymore.  I was told owner manager is in SanDiego, comes in once a week.  Well, I quess you can say when the cat is away the mice will play.  After ordering pizza here for years I have vowed to find a new place, there are many in the area.  I was promised a 45 minute delivery.  I called after one hour. Was told pizza will be there in five minutes. 20 plus minutes later pizza arrives, COLD as ice.. Called them back, tryed to blame me, said they could not enter my gate, then admitted they went to wrong plcace.  This is how a business goes bust, loss of one old customer at a time, who tells 10 others , I will not order here again and intend trying Metro Pizza who have very good reviews and management that has heard of customer service.  I really do feel sorry for the absentee owner she has no idea whats going on here I would quess.
5 Villa Pizza is my favorite pizza! I have been going here for about 5 years and it's the best. Their pizza sauce is the perfect combination of sweet and salty, and the crust is great. I also really love their zucchini sticks, they're nice and crunchy.   The staff is great too! They're very attentive and friendly. I actually went here last night to pick up dinner and somehow the ticket didn't pop up for the cook so my pizza wasn't made. The staff upgraded my pizza to a large and gave me a huge bag of fresh zeppoles(?) for free!   The atmosphere is very laid back. You come in and seat yourself, and a waiter/waitress will be right there to get your drinks. It's the perfect spot for large groups. It's also a perfect place for kids as they have a movie night every Wednesday where they play kids' movies and let them make their own pizzas.  If you haven't tried Villa, you definitely should :)
5 Great zappolis ! Great pizza ! Great wings ! For a great price ! Definitely recommend ! Great staff too !
2 Pizza was soggy even after they tried to cook it more. Quite a let down. Ugly old & grimy. Pizza is my favorite food.  If it is yours also, don't waste your time or $. salad was average ..if even. Corona in a bottle was great.
5 Two thumbs up for great food, excellent service & awesome prices!  I heart old school pizza places, having grown up in Vegas its really nice to see places still in business for over 20+ years.  We had a great dinner at Villa last night.  We had an extra large cheese, side of wings w/ fries & some garlic knots.  Pizza & wings were absolutely delicious, garlic knots were good but drenched in a whole lot of butter/oil. Our bill came out to $37, including two drinks.  Good deal for great food!
