5 I started taking my pets here because my old vet was just realy disappointing during the time when one of my cats got really sick.  For a couple of months, my old vet place ran a ton of tests, always only to find nothing wrong with my cat, even though he was obviously sick. After hundreds and hundreds of dollars and at my wits end, my boss suggested I take all the lab results and bring it to her vet for a second look.  Dr. Parantula at Warm Springs Animal Hospital examined my cat and really looked carefully over the lab results and found some abnormalities that my vet had either obviously missed or just chose to ignore.  It turned out that my cat had stomach cancer.  At the end of it all, I had to put him down.  I ended up doing it at Warm Springs rather than my old vet.  A week later, my old vet called to see if I wanted to do more labs.  I told him no, because my cat had already died, and thanks for caring.    For anyone who has lost a pet, you understand how heartbreaking it can be.  I feel like if I had had the right vet from the beginning, I might have been better prepared.  I didn't even reallize something was REALLY wrong until Dr. P noticed the abnormalities on my cats lab results from the old vet.  Needless to say I've been going to Warm Springs to see Dr. P ever since with my other pets.  They are all so personable there and really care what happens to your pets.  I don't have to feel doubt when they tell me a diagnosis or that everything is okay because I know they've gone above and beyond to make sure they've thought of everything.    They also work with my boss on a ton of animal rescues.  She says they are the only vet she trusts, and now I know why.
5 On Tuesday, my beloved shih tzu Rocco, became sick, crying in pain. We took him to a vet that was recommended by another vet. The vet examined Rocco, took blood work and a x ray, and said "nothing seemed extremely abnormal". He gave us some meds and said we could leave. He told us to call if Rocco began to experience pain again. Well the next day Rocco did. We called the vet, and he said to stop giving him the meds. He said to just keep an eye on Rocco. Well the next day Rocco threw up a big pile of blood. Yes blood. Since it was midnight, we called Pet E.R. and they said to come in immediately, of which we did. They reviewed the same x ray the "other" vet reviewed and said something seemed extremely abnormal (their review was the exact opposite of the "other" vet, needless to say I would not recommend this "other" vet, whom I will allow to remain nameless out of courtesy). Pet E.R. suggested immediate surgery, of which Warm Springs Animal Hospital performed (different company/doctors, but in the same building). A foreign object was found in Rocco's small intestine. Long story short: Pet E.R., Warm Springs Animal Hospital and specifically Dr. Sam Lynch and staff saved Rocco's life. Literally! Moral of the story: if you TRULY love your pet, I would recommend NO other hospital. These people were professional, patient, understanding, and most of all, LIFE SAVERS! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you!
4 What can I say, other than we are really happy with this Vet.  We tried other vets but just weren't happy at all.  This place is wonderful.  Our first visit the Vet spent over an hour with us talking about our dogs.  They show a lot of interest in the owner and their loved pets.  They are excellent in taking the time to explain treatments with you and reviewing what they find during an exam.  You never feel like you are "under the time gun" here.  Our dogs love their Vet.   Plus on a side note they do offer boarding to their current clients.  Now if you have a young dog maybe not the place but for our older Lab this place is wonderful for her.
5 Best clinic ever!  Our dogs and the cat we use to have have been to Warm  springs for years.  Dr P has been our vet of choice, and she has always taken the best care of our animals.  Now, Dr Lynch is also one of our most trusted vets there.  He saved Deeogee's life last Saturday after the neighbor's Rotweiler almost mauled him to death while trying to drag him through their fence.  His skin had been ripped away from his body at his neck.  It caused a tear from ear to ear with teeth just missing his juggler.  On his back, he had very deep puncture wounds.  Dr Lynch  and his team cleaned Deeogee up, stitched him up, and began a process of draining his deep wounds on his back.  It was torturous for us to have to leave him there, but we couldn't  preform the saline flush on those wounds each day as the vets at Warm Springs did.  I finally went to pick my baby up, and he was pretty beat up, but alive.  While he was in the hospital, Dr Lynch called me each morning to give me a progress report.  And because the Pet ER is in the same building, I called a few times in the middle of the night to check on him.  The woman I spoke with there was wonderful to me.  I mean, I can be a little clingy, but she always acted like she was glad I called, and that Deeogee was their most important patient.  Ricardo, the office manager made sure I had pictures that were taken before the surgery.  Animal control wanted them.  I will be putting this review up on Angie's list.  I don't usually do reviews, so I must be very satisfied to do 2 in one day.  If you need a great place to bring your pets for the best care ever, take them to Warm Springs Animal Hospital.
5 So thankful for dr. Michelle she diagnosed my baby girl Holley correctly, Holley liked her and doesn't normally like the vet. This is our new animal hospital we will continue to go to dr Michelle! Thank you dr Michelle were grateful for you!!!
2 I feel compelled to write a review because I chose this vet due to other yelp reviews. I was not impressed with Warm Springs Animal Hospital and I guess I should have noticed sooner most of the positive reviews were for dog owners. My cat is 3 years old and prior to going to Warm Springs Animal Hospital she has visited 3 different vets and drove half way across the country to move with me. Needless to say she is no stranger to being in the car or going to the vet. With that being said, I have NEVER seen her react in such a negative way as she did when we arrived to WSAH. First I was shocked there was not a separate entrance or waiting room for cats and dogs. Luckily we were the only ones in the waiting room, but as I was filling out the new patient information, a huge cat (that belonged to the office) walked up to my cats carrier and started sniffing it out. My cat freaked out because she is not used to be around any other animals. I could see her fur standing straight up and she was hissing through her carrier. She is the only pet in my home and stays indoors so she is not used to having other animals around. I feel like this is not a uncommon situation and the vet should respect that some animals don't get along with others. Don't get me wrong I would love to have a cat walking around my office at work, but it's just not fair to pets who are not adapt to being around other animals.  Once we got into the exam room the vet assistant looked as though she was afraid of my cat because she was freaked out from the waiting room experience. She did nothing to try to calm her down and wouldn't even touch her. It was as if my cat was a wild animal with rabies by the way she looked at her. Once she left my cat calmed down and was sitting with me until the vet came in. He started asking me what shots she needed and I was confused because I had gotten her records faxed over that morning. I just kept thinking aren't you a vet you should be able to read her records and understand what she needs, if not call the other vet and ask. The vet assistant had clearly told him she was a "troubled" animal so he decided to place a towel over her head to do her shot. I had initially came in to get her annual shots and nails trimmed and they looked at me like a crazy person when I asked if they could clip her nails for me. Needless to say, I will NOT be returning to this vet. It seems like a place more suited for dogs. I will say it was reasonably priced and a clean environment, but the negatives outweigh the positives in my opinion.
5 I have been taking  my animals to this clinic for quite a few years  My pets have seen all the vets on staff at one time or another. Dr Michelle  is my vet of choice She truly has the compassion and the persistence to look for the ailments that effects my pets.  Jackie and the rest of the staff are outstanding  They have seen me and my pets go through some rough times and are a constant reliable source for care for my kids   I encourage everyone who has pets to please invest in pet insurance  Trupanion has saved me thousands .Its not cheap but when you are faced with an expensive procedure and your only option to save your pet is to have a life saving surgery   You can't put a price tag on your pet or the peace of mind Pet Insurance will give you  Warm Springs Animal Hospital The best in Las Vegas!
