3 Oh the rustic themed bars in Vegas... there are soo many. ANd this one is huge. With the big rustic fireplace and lodge over size chairs, it's nice. What I did think that was nice was the large bass and fish hanging from the ceiling. Not bad...  But it was all about the bar when i came, and the bartender (forgot his name) was very nice and hooked me up. :) So if you're looking for a place to just chill... this is the spot.
3 Okay went there with the bf this time and the waitress informed us that food was half off! Which was around midnight. We had the nachos with chicken and mini burgers. As far as bar food goes, it was good! But overall we were there for the drinks and this bartender (a new one for me) was good! He made sure our drinks were perfect :) THANKS AGAIn! :)
4 Everytime we go here we have alot of fun. Everyone is friendly and food is good. We always go back.
3 Rex Marvin has a weakness.  Okay, don't look at me that way.  I will start again.  Rex Marvin has many weaknesses. One that might shock you...okay...they would all shock you. This one would surprise you...okay...most of them would surprise you. Fine, I will just say it.  I have a thing for ski lodges.  Before you snicker. Before you judge. Before you call me horrible names and question my street cred and make me cut you...let Rex explain.  Imagine a young Rex. Imagine a young taut schoolboy with golden locks. Imagine a fat kid next to that good looking kid.  Guess which one was Rex.  They are standing on a hill. The hill is covered with snow. The snow is white. Show White is white.  Sorry, I got carried away...I digress.  A girl walked by. She was a vision. It wasn't a great vision but a vision nonetheless.  She smiled. I smiled. She smiled again. I smiled again. She smiled a third time. I thought she was retarded. She might have been. We skied. We talked. She talked more. Then...it happened. I disrobed. She disrobed. She saw the knife scar.  I saw the stretch marks.  We consummated our disgust.  It was sweet. It was sad. It was short. It was physically painless. It was emotionally numb. It was psychologically scarring. Still, I look back on those innocent times with longing and fondness.  Lodge at Hualapai looks like that ski lodge. It looks like the place where that morbid little troll stole my innocence. It is where after she left I huffed my first can of paint. The first time I cried the tears of shame...and liked it.   Lodge is great...if you like wood. Nay, if you LOVE wood.  It is a little intense for those people who don't see wood as the greatest substance in the world.  It is a good place.  There are plenty of tv's to watch games, a great separate pool table area away from the customers and plenty of seating.  It also has a great fireplace in the winter.  The food and drinks are above the average bar food.  Their wings are meaty and the sauce is great.  Their sandwiches are very good and their dinners are solid but not spectacular.  Where the Lodge really excels is breakfast.  When you are on your third straight night with no sleep, sitting on the same bar stool, and fading in and out of consciousness while screaming about tiny fat chicks some food is a necessity. It is cheaper than bail.  The food is great, the prices are good. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day...especially when your face is covered with paint and your eyes can't focus.   The bartenders make a good drink, not great, but good. The locals aren't exactly treated like they are needed...and they are, and there is very rarely a decent special...but it is a good place to go when there is nowhere else...or somewhere else very close throws you out for threatening to punch Betty White...and Betty White isn't even there. The concept of no harm no foul means nothing to those bastards.  Rex drinks here. Rex dulls the memories here. Rex eats here. Rex isn't really proud of it.
4 Always good food service and atmosphere. Check this bar out if you like kicked back people and great atmosphere.
3 Another lodge in Vegas - at least you know what you're going to get when you walk into these chain of lodges.  I had the Grilled Chicken & Avocado Sandwich "Marinated grilled chicken breast, fresh avocado, swiss cheese, apple wood bacon, red onion, tomato, and sprouts.  Served with mayo, on a fresh, baked roll." ($8.95) for lunch.  It's served with your choice of fries, onion rings, cole slaw, or side salad.  I went for the side salad and always appreciate when it's a decent side salad.  I tried this sandwich at the other lodge and appreciated the marinated moist chicken.  The apple wood bacon really makes this sandwich though.  The Husband tried their Quesadilla with Seasoned Tri-Tip " Stuffed with cheddar/jack cheese, green chillies, and your choice of chicken or seasoned tri-tip.  Served with sour cream and salsa." ($8.95)  You can also get this with chicken.  He tried their tri-tip in the sandwich form and wanted a bit of variation.    Overall, food was decent and service was fine.  They have specials going on, so it's worth checking out their daily board.
3 I came here for a quick bite with my sister and her hubs.  They've been here a few times and got their usuals-grilled cheese and bbq wrap.  I am visiting and have never been here before.  I ordered a burger.  The burger was ok, pretty standard. the fries were good too. i couldnt stop eating them.  But someone must have put a toothpick in my burger and lost half of it and decided not to say anything. Or someone dropped half a toothpick into the meat before cooking. I'm not really sure. but i took a bite of the burger and had half of a toothpick in my mouth.  I know accidents happen so i dont usually make a big deal when this sorta stuff happens. Plus my sister and her hubs have been here numerous times without complaint. So I'm still giving this place 3 stars. But if my sister asks where I want to eat I'm probably not going to say this place.
3 When our bartender moved to this location, we tried to follow suit, but it just wasn't the same.  The clientele wasn't what we were used to, and it was smaller.  Still, the food and drinks were good.
3 This place was a mixed bag. Allow me to explain.  Went for dinner and we were the only 2 people in the restaurant section.  Remember that fact, cuz it will come into play later.  I ordered a steak wrap with French fries and my hubby ordered a Cajun chicken pasta. After the waitress left, my hubby realized she didn't take his salad order, which the menu said came with his entree. He went over and told her and she said, "Oh they stopped serving salads with that...but it DOES say it on the menu, so I'll go tell them to make one." Weird occurrence #1.  When the food came, my wrap was served with onion rings, not the fries I ordered. Weird occurrence #2. I told the waitress it was fine and I would eat them. The wrap was pretty damn tasty and the onion rings were nice and crispy, not soggy.  My husband's Cajun CHICKEN pasta...had no chicken in it! Weird occurrence #3. However, the pasta was pretty damn tasty anyway.  So, the food was really good and the waitress was really nice and personable, BUT they messed up on our order three times when were literally the ONLY people in the restaurant.  See what I mean about a mixed bag?
3 Our journey to the Lodge started out as four couples.  Luckily the restaurant took reservations, and our table was all set and waiting for us.  Unfortunately, an incident occurred (having nothing to do with the Lodge), and before the waitress could give the orders to the kitchen, we were reduced to two couples.  I have to give props to the waitress and the manager for their patience and fortitude during this brouhaha (haha sounds funny, but it sure wasn't!).   I needed some comfort food, so I ordered the Turkey Club, without the Club, i.e. on a roll instead of the three slices of bread, mayo on the side, provolone instead of the cheese that came with it.  It came out just as I ordered, and the roll was a hoagy roll that was much better than most. Three cheers for the avocado! I was also thrilled to be able to get a salad instead of the ever-present fries, and it was a really nice and big one.  Hubby ordered the Chicken Wrap and liked it a lot.  Of course he got the fries!  I'm not a beer drinker, so I ordered a glass of wine, and that's my biggest nit:  the wine glasses are sooooo tiny!  I'll definitely be back, but next time we'll be dining à deux.
1 Frequent their quite often, will probably never go back after tonight. Rich is gone from what I hear and the bartender tonight in his place had quite the attitude. She might get her drinks right if she got off her phone while making them. Sounds like Rich went to Sago's I will be spending my money their instead.
2 Oh boy! What a health code nightmare.  If that doesn't bother you, then the food is good.    Three of us went in for lunch.  We were the only table in the dining room.  The bartender/server was standing at the bar eating a sandwich.  She would come over to our table, practically still chewing, when I shot a look her way.  People are smoking and there isn't a division between dining and bar????  The cook brought out our food - after quite a while.  I never saw anyone wash their hands.  The bartender would stop eating, serve someone a drink, and go back to leaning on the bar and eating her sandwich.  The other bartender was bust getting cigarettes out of the vending machine.  Yowsa!  All that aside, food was good for your average bar food.  Good fries.    If you think that all that is a laugh, and you are into this kind of extreme casual atmosphere, then you would like this bar.  They do have lots of advertised specials like free mimosas with sunday brunch and $1 taco nights.
1 We walked in the door, stepped up to the bar to check out the selection of  brew on tap and promptly decided it was entirely too smoky to even bother pulling out the bar stool and having a seat. The air was thick with smoke and I honestly can't believe we stayed as long as we did. (Which was probably less than three minutes.) If you are a non-smoker, my suggestion to you is skip this place all together.
3 As promised in my previous review, we returned to The Lodge á deux.  We were happy to find a place with a full menu after seeing the Glittering Lights at the Speedway not long before they closed.  The place was quiet, with a table of 3 the only other diners, and about 10 people at the bar.  They still use the tiny little glasses for wine, though I guess since it was almost full it was probably close to what every other bar pours into a humongous glass.  The waitress had a really tough time answering the most elementary questions about the food, so we just ordered and let the dice roll.  Hubby ordered the rigatoni/chicken entree with a side salad, and I had the chicken, mushroom, jalapeño and cheese sandwich on French roll.  I was able to get a cup of soup as my side instead of fries, and the chicken tortilla soup was singing to me.  My husband's salad was delivered, and I waited and waited for the soup, but couldn't find the waitress.  That's because she was very busy - sitting at the bar chatting up one of the customers way off in the distance. She was a total space cadet.   As I suspected, my soup came in a cup on the same plate as the sandwich.  So I sat having nothing while my husband ate, and then was expected to eat hot soup and a hot sandwich at the same time.  As it turned out, the soup was sooooo hot - both definitions - that I ended up having it for dessert.  I like spicy, but the spice was overwhelming, and it had way too much cream.  Traditional tortilla soup has NO cream.  On the plus side, it was chock full of stuff, so much that I was too full to have more than half.  I like the looks of this place - rustic and cozy.  I like the hours.  And the food's pretty good.  Service, though, needs a lot of improvement.
4 I found a stellar jalapeno burger here! The burger was meaty and juicy.  It comes with salsa but I chose to have that left off. My husband got the same burger with salsa and it was super messy! I can't stand messy burgers. You can always get the salsa on the side but I thought the burger was spicy enough without it.
2 The Lodge at Hualapai is convenient locals bar in the South Summerlin area.  They appeal to the typical beer drinker that wants typical cold beer and nothing more.  They have some inexpensive food specials during televised games (professional & collegiate) such as tacos, wings, sliders.  They are certainly a bargain.  There are several drink specials as well, though they are not as good as the food specials.  They have a couple pool tables that are often open waiting for customers to use.  The staff is friendly and welcoming...other than that this and the previous highlights is nothing real special calling you to come here.
3 It's comparable to all other local bars, but gave 3 stars because it isn't as popular. Less people, less energy.
5 Great service.I liked the bar and the staff.
1 Scuba is the biggest person that can not handle guest. He used  the F word because in his play there was a big player next to me.  Sorry never had a was insulted to the point that this guy was so unprofessional.  I work in my industry for more than 20 years!!  Never that I saw such disregard for customer satisfaction.   Because the person was spending more that me I needed to move.  There is no law that they can reserve a machine.  Plus ask a paying customer to move!!!! Plus I was advised to leave the properties because of my decision to stay at the machine.  But better not close to the "high roller" So my money is not good.  From my 20 dollar a play it was not good. Because the high roller was more important.   He was degrading to the point we spoke about race and others  His Maine focus on the high roller!!! So I did not matter his focus was on players high roller not the little player that I am.  This guy was confronting and customer services experience        At this point don't care I Amex business . And they can charge it will not impact my IO  This is the way you do business    You can look at your training if you have.  If not you can talk to my layer!  Cops  again a f !!!! Word taking out.  What a joke!!!!
1 I went into this bar once.   They immediately let me know my business was not welcome. They cater only to gamers. Ignored me for several minutes when I first walked in. They gave me attitude, and this bar is not smoker friendly!  I will never go back. I have heard horrible reviews from many of my friends.   Go to the bar a few blocks away, instead!  Worst experience ever in a bar.
3 hotiyaki wings are great. service for food tonight by Anna was terrific attentive and happy to be there. Unfortunately the barstaff Not attentive. I just needed a refresh on my bud light in a bottle but the bartendng staff was as they said "doing something" so Anna got my $$ go for the food but dont expect attentive bar staff
4 Friendly bartender, clean, food was decent. Will try again. Seems like most of bad reviews were either by drunk people or people without autocorrect on their phones. Take them with a grain of salt.
4 Been here a handful of times, close to my work. Usually go during the day, nice and mellow, but sometimes the bartender is the server as well it looks like so if she gets more than 3 tables she can become frazzled. But the food is always good, lots of it too. I keep going back, and will continue to do so!
