2 The staff here was very nice and polite. He answered all my questions, but unfortunately they were just all the wrong answers. He couldnt find any problems with my teeth other than trying to get me into see an orthodontist for braces? I went in for a cleaning and a severe pain in my tooth. I had been surviving on 3 alleve/day and orajel coupled with salt water rinses. OMG. I was really surprised about the braces since every dentist I've gone to says how straight my teeth are and how they won't make any$ off me. (LOL) Not this office.  I was told there was nothing on the xrays that showed anything was wrong with my teeth but that he would do a*root canal and see if that helped. WHAT? "see if it helps???  This isnt putting a pillow behind ur back and elevating ur knee? You should be confident in your course of treatment. Needless to say I ended up going to another office, much more expensive, but I guess you get what you pay for. Dentist B found the problem immediately and it was the tooth next to the original one that I thought was hurt. (and that was before the xray) It ended up I had a cracked tooth and the nerve was being agitated. It had been cracked for years and I just didn't know it. I'm glad I didnt let this office try out a root canal on the wrong tooth. Luckily all I was out was $40. If all you want is a cleaning... try them out and "see if it helps". If you need serious dental work/help, I'd get a second opinion.  Please note I'm only sharing my experience. You may have better.
5 Last week, I took advantage of the awesome $40 new patient offer (cleaning, xrays and exam). I must say, that I was a bit nervous, considering that I hadn't been in to see a DDS for nearly six years.   When I met up with the good doctor, he gave me a through exam, and cleaning. This $40 deal came in handy because I currently dont have dental insurance.   Unfortunately, I did need a procedure, but not visiting a dentist for six years may have had something to do with that.   Dr. Tran was very gentle care careful. It was evident throughout the anesthesia and procedure that MY comfort came first, and that he would go to any length to make sure that I wouldn't be in too much pain.  Now that its about a week later, I feel good. The treatment plan that Dr. Tran provided helped me, and has me on my way towards superb dental health.  He really is the most fantastic dentist I've ever been to. He is careful, informative and cares about your comfort. Can't say that about the other dentists that I've seen in my life.
5 Not much I can say about Image Dental other than that they were awesome!  I hate going to the dentist, as does everyone, but Dr. Tran and his staff made me feel very comfortable.  I had a crown done and had so little pain inflicted upon me because of it... I barely even felt when the novacaine was injected.  I'll definitely be visiting Image Dental or Dr. Tran's other office as long as he is practicing and I am in Vegas!
5 Yeah, I moved to Scottsdale almost a year ago. Yeah, I drove all the way to Vegas, just to see my old dentist in Las Vegas. Why, you ask? Because he IS the best.  I paid my first visit to Dr. Tran almost a year ago, and saw his deal on Yelp back when I didn't have insurance. You can see my old review, where he only charged me $40 bucks for a cleaning and X-Rays.  Yesterday, I was proud to come back to him and bring him my problematic mouth to fix again. I won't go into the gory details, but I knew I could trust him, and once again, he came through with his awesome professional care!  This office is great. Dr. Tran and the staff do a great job in making sure that you feel safe and painless, if you are getting a cleaning, or even getting things drilled. The digital X-rays are pretty cool because you can see close-ups of EVERYTHING.  The staff is very chatty! This is a MAJOR MAJOR strength and helps ease any anxiety you may have. You'll feel like you are hanging out with friends. And if you are lucky, you might even have the chance to pick the movie they are playing in the office. I chose the Tom Hanks classic, Big.   Score for me!  Thanks Dr. Tran! You guys are awesome!
5 I've been coming to this office since 2007 when Steve Ngo was running the show. Its been a seemless transition since Dr. Tran and his staff took over Image Dental and I'm happy to be a patient here.   I also like how modern all their equipment is compared to a lot of the lame quick fix places in town that just sandblast your teeth for a couple of minutes.  Showing movies on the TV up above makes cleanings go by a little quicker too.    So if you're not happy with your dentist, go here!
5 Have been going to Image Dental for about 2 years now, and couldn't be happier. I had previously gone to other dentists in town who use mysterious devices such as the Diagnodent to scare up cavity business and use high pressure tactics to sell procedures such as deep root cleaning.   Image Dental is not that kind of office - Dr. Tran is kind, soft-spoken and he takes care of my teeth in a way that gives me confidence and assurance that if anything goes wrong (like chipping my tooth on a small stone in my nachos) he will fit me in asap to fix me up.   Image uses ultrasonic water-jet instruments to clean teeth, so the teeth cleaning is quick and thorough - I'm always surprised how little time it takes to bring my teeth back to a smooth tartarless state. The office itself is on the building's top floor and has patient chairs that each have a wall-to-wall view of the Vegas Valley and flat screen televisions that play Netflix movies. The sunlit environment is very unique to this practice, and is representative of the cheerful staff.   I have had a long history of dental issues: 13 cavities since childhood, two oral surgeries to uncover and move teeth growing in the roof of my mouth, and braces. I have spent days of my life squirming around in a dental chair. No more squirming - it's amazing what a competent dentist can do for you. I continue to be impressed with Image Dental's work and recommend that if you don't love your current dentist, call Image Dental for your next checkup.
4 Thanks yelpers. I love this place!   First off, the staff is really nice - on the phone and in person. Second, even the dental assistant was amazing. His hands were gentle as he placed those x-ray film thingies in my mouth, making sure that they fit comfortably. Then when he pulled them out after taking the x-ray, he made sure those foot long strings of saliva didn't happen.  Awesome.  The dental equipment and office is clean/modern. The dental chairs have a flat screen tv to keep you busy while you're getting work done.   Dr. Tran is great. Super nice and open to any questions. I am definitely coming back again.
5 My husband first went to Dr. Tran and raved and raved about him.  So, when I finally overcame my fear and hatred of the dental office, I also went to Dr. Tran and now I am singing his praises too.  The ENTIRE Image Dental office is awesome.  From the front desk staff, to the dental hygienists, and of course Dr. Tran.  This is the first time in my life that I actually look forward to my visits (and not only because it is an hour when I can put my feet up, sit in a comfy reclined chair, and not have 2 kids fighting for my attention).    Every single visit has been professional, kind, and compassionate.  The office is modern and state of the art.  It is obvious that the staff takes pride in their work.  I am so glad my husband was recommended Dr. Tran, because I now have a smile that I can be proud of too.
5 I go to Dr. Tran and he's awesome.  Everyone in the office from hygienists to the office staff are friendly and welcoming.  The office makes you feel like you're part of the family and will take care of you as such.  I've always thought that if there was such a thing as an existentialist hell, mine would be going to the dentist, but not anymore!
5 I've been coming here for many years and the staff here have been amazing! They always make excellent decisions and make sure my mouth is top notch!!
1 I would give their dentist Dr. Lisa Hoang a 0 star if there is a choice to do so. I had a horrifying experience with Dr. Hoang at the Dental Image on Sahara . This doctor is a con artist, and has absolutely no professionalism. She told me that I have gum disease, and need a special deep dental cleaning along with four root canals and plus one implant, and quoted me more than $10000 of dental works up front. I almost cried after what she has told me. Luckily I went to two other dental doctors and got a second opinion the next day. Both of them looked at my X-ray and exam me in my teeth. it turned out all my root canals are just normal cavities, I don't have gum disease, and the implant I can easily fix it by putting a crown on it. I ended up paying only $650 and got everything done! DON'T GO THERE! You will be the next victim!!!
2 I have been going to this dentist for several years, but after numerous problems with the support staff, I have finally given up on them. The Dentists are very good, but the administrative staff and management are incompetent. The last straw was when they changed my appointment and didn't notify me of the change. Then they had the nerve to "scold" me for not confirming my reservation, that I did NOT make...
1 I'd probably been better off going to a dental school for a cleaning.   When I saw the flat screen t.v.'s in the rooms I thought I was in for a treat. Although the dead roach in the front was a little off putting... This is the desert and it was dead so I let it go. I'm only reviewing Dr. Lisa Hoang, her assistants and the staff. I don't know any other Doctors there.  The wait wasn't terrible but then... The bait and switch. They refused to give me the cleaning included in the special unless I payed extra for the irrigation cleaning that day. $$$ It seem like they wanted more money from the start.   I have all my teeth and although I haven't been to the dentist in awhile I just need fillings and a deep cleaning which they could have given me that or at least the basic. They went on about liability issues for not doing all of the expensive deep cleaning right then but they had no problem poking me with a pick for ten minutes.   Lisa spent time telling me things I could have told all of them myself.  They are not honest or straightforward with you. If you do not have insurance don't go here. If you do have insurance don't go to Lisa. The other poster is right. They are up selling Con Artist and the picture they paint isn't pretty. I also have the feeling they have a practice of trying to make your work seem worse to get more money after reading another post for Lisa.  I'm going to a better, more considerate dentist. I asked about dental plans but they didn't advise me of any. Dr. Lisa just kept playing musical chairs with her assistants. Poor bedside manner and she only was with me for 15 minutes of my hour and a half there.  Without the money for a deep cleaning I was out of luck. After I got upset about my hard earned money they gave me back the $40. The hygienist also said she would get her wisdom teeth pulled. Mine give me no trouble at all. Up selling Con Artist says it all!  The front desk never returned my identification but I have a new one coming anyway thank goodness. They are an unorganized small office. One front desk lady was rude and told me x rays were usually $100 as if that was the main reason I came for treatment.  My main reason coming in was for a cleaning. I could have the rest done later but no...Never will I ever recommend Dr. Lisa or this dental group to a soul.
5 Dr. Lisa Hoang is AWESOME!  It's been a few years since I've been to a dentist so I was so not looking forward to this visit but to my surprise, Dr. Hoang answered all my questions and totally made me feel at ease in understandable language.    The hygienist did a great job with my cleaning-pain free and showed me how to brush and floss my teeth correctly.  I had no idea I have been brushing too hard and flossing the wrong way.    I was scared that I was going to need tons of work.  Luckily, I only needed a filling! Dr. Hoang explained everything to me before she even started. And as she did the filling, she constantly asked if I was okay.  Nothing hurt and I was completely relaxed.    DEFINITELY FOUND MY GO-TO DENTIST!  WOOHOO!
5 Went there a year ago for check up and was impressed with their professionalism, both the staff and Dr. Tran. I had a minor issue but the dentist decided to check and repair existing crowns (i've had a lot of work done in many countries so my teeth are an interesting mix to say the least) and I had my share of nightmarish visits to the dentist. I came out of there with the feeling like I was not being ripped off (which is quite the accomplishment as I am convinced every medical professional in this city will at least try to milk you for what you're worth, though that is my paranoia taking over). In any case, I went back on many occasions, even brought visiting family members there and Dr. Tran and his staff were always attentive to our immediate needs, explaining clearly what the procedure would be and how much it would cost, so there are no surprise bills. My mom had to go back multiple times to adjust her dentures and they did this at no extra cost at all. My sister-in-law had an emergency while she was here and Dr. Tran repaired a bad crown in a matter of hours. They now have their own lab so the wait for crowns is even shorter. Best dentist ever.
5 Dr. Hoang and staff are great!!!  I could not have asked for a better dental experience.  Quick, fast and painless!
5 Let me just start this yelp review by saying this was my first dental visit in a few years. I am not really fond of going to the dentist, but I knew It was time to go in for my check up. So I made an appointment at Image Dental for my oral check up and X-Ray. When I arrived there I was greeted by Dayna and Amber. Amber was great she made me feel comfortable and cracked jokes all the while informing me of what I need to fill out and the information that I needed. After the paperwork was done, Lorita took the X-Ray and introduce me to Dr.Hoang.           After a short period of looking at the x-Ray Dr. Hoang told me that I needed to go to an oral surgeon to extract a tooth, after that news.. I wasn't a happy camper, but it is what it is. Dr. Hoang was honest and I appreciate that.         I would also like to mention that I do not have any dental insurance and thought that it would be expensive, but they worked with me about the financials and kept it affordable for me. Lori, the hygienist, did my deep cleaning. She also told me that if i felt any sudden pain just move my hand and let her know. I didn't feel much pain and she did a great job.  Overall it was a really Great experience,I was in and out in an hour.
5 When looking for any health care professionals, the most important thing for me is the doctor's respect for patient's questions and time. I tend to ask a lot of questions and expect professional answers. Drs tend to feel like I'm questioning their credentials which I am not. And usually when they feel offended because of my questions I know they are not the doctor for me ( sadly it has happened before where I had to walk out and call state regarding an eye doctor). Also my time is just as important as the doctor's, so I do not want to feel like I am being rushed and the wait is reasonable. And most of all the care I receive.   Dr. Lisa Hoang was above and beyond. Aside from graduating from one of the top dental schools in America (UOP in SF), she was polite, professional, caring, and respectful.   I had 5 cavities filled, a deep clean, and had to get an impression done for my night guard.   She didn't try to sell or push any treatments on me. She explained everything she was gonna do before she did it because I told her I get anxiety (not with the pain but the thought of someone in my mouth and not being able to move or do anything about it).   She also asked about family history and educated me about how to care for my own teeth and mouth to delay the inevitable. My son was there and she was really patient with him too, they let him play with the office's ipad. I would think she is good with children even though they are not pediatric dentists.   Overall, she was VERY knowledgable, did not push or make me feel to get treatments done. But with being so knowledgable, she would sometimes use medical terms I did not understand, so I had to ask her to simplify- which she politely did. It was a  not-as-scary-as-i-thought-it-would-be experience.   Parking is also tricky, make the turn into a round-about, dont park in the storage facility.
