1 Let me preface this by saying that I love Coffee Bean coffee.  It is tasty and hits the spot, every time.  The service at this location absolutely sucks.  If we are desperate enough to order extremely overpriced coffee at an airport, you know we need our fix.  At least pretend to care, geez.  And, they charged me for a cup of water.  A CUP OF WATER!  The economy is in the tank!  Bleh.  There is another Coffee Bean at the airport, so go in further for better service.
1 $5.18 for a medium iced mocha latte (80% ice, 20% latte).  I thought airport food is expensive.  Not highway robbery like this.
4 This review is for the one in terminal C closest to the security checkpoint, I believe near gate 24.  This morning I was in need of a jolt, 7:30am flight back home and I was already hot.  I went with a large iced latte and this was served up quick and strong just how I love my coffee!  Kudos for the Sonic style ice, loved it.
3 I love their iced hazelnut lattes but it was the most expensive coffee I ever bought. I was expecting it to be under $4 but $5.37 for a medium? No thanks
1 The location near gate C16 is absolutely horrible.  All of the employees are rude, rude, rude!  First it took 5 minutes for me to even order, another 10 to receive my first drink, and another 5 to get the other drink on my order.  And to make things worse, not only did they get my drink wrong, but they split another drink on me, with no apology!  After having to return to get my drink re-done and having them argue with me about it, they screwed it up again.   I love coffee bean, but forget going to the airport, unless you want to waste a ton of time any money on a poorly made drink.
4 I've been to both in the C terminal many times. I prefer the one by gate 25. Whenever I land I stop for a flavored iced tea to help with the time zone change. Always quick & friendly. I love the ice pellets.
2 I don't have super high expectations for airport coffee, but this place had no idea how to make an iced cappuccino. I might as well have asked them how to solve world peace.
5 I messed up my order--not them. They corrected it quickly and were so polite and I had a delicious latte. Great experience!
