2 This place is expensive and it closes super early. The sign outside says "LV Swim Shop" so I'm not sure if they've changed the name and not updated their info on-line or what. They rent scuba suits which seemed to be moderately priced but I would just suggest hitting up a bigger store with more options. This place is right beside Fruition.
1 Do not go here.  They give discounts to my son's swim coach's students. But then claimed they only give discounts to members of a certain team. Zero customer service. Very short sighted as I will spend my $$ elsewhere.
4 I didn't know there was a swim shop practically next door to UNLV!  How fortuitous, especially since I wanted to buy a pair of goggles to protect my eyes from my pool's chlorine.  The saleslady/owner, Isabelle, was lovely and took the time to explain how to ensure a perfect fit while showing me a few goggle contenders.  She was friendly, didn't pressure me to buy any brand or style of goggles, and didn't make me feel like she was in a hurry.  Admittedly, I don't know much about swimwear and swim accessories, but I'm happy with my $16 goggles and am looking forward to wearing them tomorrow.
1 TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE customer service.  Do not shop here.  Shipping was not within 24 hours, as advertised.  In fact, one week later, my order still had not shippped.  Small time, tacky operation.  Manager "Bruno" was totally unprofessional and does not know the meaning of the word customer service.  Do not believe their website about fast shipping.  Their customer service reps will tell you that shipping can take as long as three weeks......Stick with swimoutlet.com
5 This is a little swim shop on the corner of Maryland Parkway and Flamingo, next to Paymon's.  It may not seem like a lot from the outside, but the inside is packed with everything a swimmer needs, from swimwear for men, women, and kids, to kick boards, goggles, pull buoys, swim caps, books, DVDs, and watches. They even have wetsuit rentals.  I have found their prices to be cheaper than the sporting goods chains that sell swim stuff.  Swim 2000 also has a huge online component where you can order online and then pick up your gear at the store to save shipping.  Check out their vast selection at http://www.swim2000.com/  Come here for all your aquatic needs and get your swim on.
2 I came here looking for certain flotation device for my training in open water at Lake Mead. Unfortunately they never had it. It did give me the opportunity though too check out Swim 2000 for the first time. I guess they also have website if not able too find certain product. Aka for me would have been better off checking out online store.   The store is really small although too there credit they do have lot of stuff crammed in it. I mean crammed in hardly any walking room really too check things out. They try too fit so much stuff in the store its hard too find anything specific.  I never visible saw change room if wanted too try on swim outfits.They had more female swim outfit then trunks for males. The one thing they did have great diversity of was swim goggles mostly TYR . I am fan of that brand. Own pair myself. I walking around feeling like this place is mess and just stuff all over unorganized.   The service the lady checked me out was really nice. She explained too me about free membership that once you spend $400 worth you get $40 or something off the next purchase. I don't see myself getting up too that amount but good too know and the membership free last forever. The whole time trying too figure out layout and cluster of stuff no service too be around. Overall not fan of the service cause really should start from the minute step into the business till you leave...  If something small that need on the fly would come back. Really see myself going too the online store instead save my gas and headache of finding anything at Swim 2000.
