4 I grew up in a house about 6 blocks from this apartment complex and I'd never given it much thought. Last September I moved out of Las Vegas for 6 months and when it came to coming home, I only had three days to find a place to live. Aviata caught my eye as I was driving by but I'd originally shrugged it off because I thought it was going to be too expensive for what I was looking for... It has lush greenery all around the property, it's well groomed and nicely maintained. My father (who was in the car with me) demanded we have a look anyway. We walked in and were immediately greeted by one of the friendliest people I've ever met, Kim. She was completely understanding about my current situation and informed us of their move in specials... which just so happens to put it right in my price range. I was exhausted from looking at places and planned on making this my last stop for the day... Kim gave me water, talked to us for about 45 minutes before we asked to see a model... She walked us through all three floor plans they had available and explained not only the pros but also the cons of each. At this point I was pretty sure I just wanted to live here because the staff was amazing. Long story short, I DID end up moving in because everything just seemed perfect.   I've been here for 6 months now and I have to tell you it's really amazing. It's a pleasure to go into the office once a month to pay my rent because I know there is always a smile awaiting me on the other side of the counter. The management is very accommodating, they have 2 gorgeous pools that in these hot Las Vegas summer months I use quite frequently. The other residents are mostly quiet and well mannered, the neighborhood children aren't jerks, the parking is (almost) plentiful, the landscape is green (not dirt and rocks like most Las Vegas apartments), it's gated and even though it's on a main street, you hear very little noise from the busy street. We have a workout room that is fairly large and has a nice amount of equipment (while most of it a bit older and well used) for you to chose from, a sauna, and well... the list goes on.  Bugs... now, don't get me wrong... every complex in this world has bugs but the greenery does attract more spiders than anything. Roaches are minimal and they offer to spray as often as you need (as long as it's not more than once a week) to get rid of any problems you may have... Also, the bug guy they use is really nice, respectful, and quick.  The on site security is friendly and helpful.   Maintenance is a little inconsistent at times. While I've always had my work orders completed same day I've spoken to residents who haven't been so lucky. One time they came in to check a light socket for me because it wouldn't light up, no matter how many bulbs I put in it and I'd checked the breaker before I'd called... when they got there they looked at me blankly and asked if I bothered to change the bulb. I know there are a lot of stupid people out there but I am most certainly not one of them. Something I really don't like is that when they come to complete an order they always knock on my door (picture a raid scene from chips) like the incredible hulk. I know you have things to do and you want to move on if I'm not home... and you want me to hear you but just be a little bit more gentile. Haha. It always scares the crap out of me when they do it.  Over-all I really loved living here... It's conveniently located near everything I could ever need and more. Freeways, shopping, parks, bars, malls, rec centers, restaurants, hotels and it only takes me 6 minutes to get to work (on the strip). Not to mention I get to stick close to home... in the neighborhood I grew up in, even if my original house isn't there anymore. Nostalgia is important to me. :)
2 I've lived at Aviata "Luxury" apartments for about a month; prior to moving in, I took a tour of the place, saw the model units, and decided this would be a great choice, considering the attractive move-in specials and competitive rental prices (currently $895 for a 2b 2b). It's earned the "Meh. I've experienced better" 2-star rating because... well, I've experienced better. In short, if you're looking for TRUE modern luxury, look elsewhere after you read my "CONS" but if mediocrity and fair pricing are more appealing, check out my "PROS" and stop by for a looksie.   ------------------ Pros:  ------------------ [*] WONDERFUL staff - Natalie and Kim are very sweet, accommodating, and helpful.  [*] GORGEOUS grounds - and a 'no pet' policy ensures no icky surprises hiding in the grass, and TWO pools is certainly a luxury. [*] QUICK maintenance request fulfillment [*] CONVENIENT location - it's great being so close to everything [*] CREDIT CARDS are accepted to pay your rent! For anyone earning up to 5% cash back on CC purchases like me, this is certainly appealing. [*] FLEXIBLE LEASE terms - unlike any other apartment complex I've ever lived at, Aviata allows you to give 30 days notice at ANY time during your lease, and you aren't obligated to pay the remaining months' rent. [*] SOME UPDATING - supposedly some units are being remodeled with new cabinets, counter tops, light fixtures, and kitchen/bathroom hardware, which is great and something to specifically request unless you want to experience some of the CONS below, as my unit is NOT an updated one.  ------------- Cons: ------------ [*] NO RECYCLING or BIKE RACKS which is surprising in today's 'green' world; not having recycling is a devastating con for me personally, and it's a shame there are no bike racks considering Sunset Park is a block away and there are so many stores and venues around. [*] OLD - from the pictures and the model, everything LOOKED very nice but once I moved in I realized looks can be deceiving. Most everything is ORIGINAL from 1992: many windows are warped and hard to open/close and their blinds act similarly; the bath and kitchen cabinets are the particle-board type w/ no hardware; florescent lighting in the kitchen; VERY cheap, thin, rough, carpet carries  static electricity (don't walk around w/ your socks on!). [*] POOR APPLIANCES - I know apartments are renowned for poor appliances but these have the "old+poor" combo which makes things a tad worse; the fridge - supposedly in perfect working order according to maintenance - is the short & small kind which runs CONSTANTLY, even on a 4 out of 9 setting; the stove does not have a timer on it, an oven light, or a sounding preheated notification; the dishwasher is functional but old; the microwave doesn't have a turntable; the garbage disposal's performance is questionable; the washer machine is newer but small, cheap (only 2 wash options), and leaves clothes sopping whereas the mix-matched dryer reminds me of the one I used as a child in the 80's, complete with clicking, hard-to-turn dial, fading lettering, and 'burn your clothes to a crisp' functionality. [*] DISAPPOINTING EXERCISE facility - again, upon initial glance it seemed like a great facility with lots of options but my preferred cardio equipment (ellipticals and bikes) is limited, very outdated, and  uncomfortable to use.  [*] INCONVENIENT ENTRY - I understand wanting to keep people from speeding through a complex, but the amount of speed bumps placed here is astounding and - I can't help but wonder - potentially detrimental to my vehicle. I don't live too far into the complex but a in and out trip is14 or 16 trials to my shocks (ouch!). Also, the entry is gated and requires a card swipe on an ancient machine which sits back in a curbed area - it requires fancy driving to get close enough to access (remote control, please!) and then 3 car surfers will tail in behind you. [*] LOUD - Granted, EVERY apartment complex will be noisy to an extent, but I have not lived in a place this noisy in quite some time. There are  bangings and shakes/shudders from activity in other units or up/down the stairs, the walls, windows, and floors are all paper thin and allow sound to pass right through - even sound that is at the end of and around the building! The flooring is just the carpet (no padding), then plywood and I'm skeptical that there is any insulation in the walls so it's no wonder I can hear all 4 of my neighbors on all 3 sides / downstairs, and activity happening down the way, including the neighboring auto body shop and the *extremely noisy* trash truck when he comes and obnoxiously bangs around all the trash bins 2-3 times a week (usually around 6 am, mind you!).
1 I tried to get an apartment here about 2 years ago.  I told the people when we were touring that I had gone through bankruptcy, but I have excellent renters "credit" (never late on rent at my previous place) and that the case had already been closed out and my credit is building back up. My friend, who I applied with, has been a victim of identity theft, which we ALSO let them know about up front.  We were told that neither of these issues would be a problem.  LIES.  Their "security" company came back saying that we were declined even though I faxed everything over from my attorney about my bankruptcy AND my friend had documentation regarding his identity theft.    I was told then, that they would rent to me, but not my friend.    So, I went back one day to talk to them about a 1 bedroom.   I was told that because I had been declined once, they would not rent to me.  Get your stories straight here, people.  You either will, or you won't.  People need to be on the same page when you are telling potential tenants something.   They were rude, and condescending.     I ended up staying with my previous apartment, in a 2 bedroom for $770/month.  Aviata wanted to charge me $800 for a one bedroom.   no thank you.
2 The location has great grounds, especially with the no pets rule making it quiet and clean.  The downside is the management and office team.  They do not answer phones, they don't return messages and their maintenance team is despicable.  I travel a lot, and the ability to make a payment over the phone was very attractive.  However, when you call, it either goes to voicemail or to an answering service.  When you leave a message, they never call back, even when you tell them you are trying to pay her for the rent.  Of course, they are more than willing to nail you with the late fees.  When we moved in, everything was great.  However, we ended up eventually with no hot water.  The management team did absolutely nothing to fix it, saying that we had no how water because we were using it up to quickly, then it was the fact that we were not using the heater while we were showering, and that you need to have the heater running when you shower.  That is great news for those living in Vegas during the summer.    Anyhow, the management team is horrible, and I would never recommend this place to anyone.
1 STAY AWAY !!!!! - Aviata have become a worst place to live, if you want yourself to be treated rudely by office staff or to be robbed please stay here, bring your valuables and you will end up loosing all because someone will conveniently get in to your apartment without breaking any locks even if the alarm was armed and take all your stuff, the management force you to share alarm code with maintenance guys so its an op[en secret and they have the keys of your apartment.. So stay away... No one cares here..So called gated community mostly have it gates open any anyone can come in, you will rarely see security and they will tell you that we have a under cover security which I am sure of no use, 4 apartments just in my building were robbed in approx 1 month, several times reported about people jumping the walls but as I mentioned no one cares..
1 I was apartment shopping with my boyfriend. While he was signing the lease I decided to drive through the complex. I was completely backed out from a parking space when some a******* almost rear ends me! Not only that he has the nerve to get out of his truck and punch my window. He drives a black Nissan Titan license plate number 237-WGN. I called the cops and they were useless they wouldn't send an officer over because there was no damage. I ran back inside the office grabbed my boyfriend, my son, & the lease. Do not Rent here! Pull up the crime report so many robberies have been reported.
1 I was in Aviata apartment for almost 2+ years. It was good before, management staff were nice, used to get immediate fix to any problem in the apartment and even the work staff were good. Now the office staff is so rude that the manager don't know how to behave customers.  Now Burglary  and crime rate so high which made me to vacate without completing my lease period also.  Better hope management replaces the office staff and increase security.
