4 Super nice staff, easy aces to the Strip and really good car choices. I got a Buick Enclave (haha) and it was lux. No line either... Recommended.
2 I'm assuming this is the Avis at the airport.   Anyways, EFF YOU AVIS. I am one of the preferred members due to my company. For the most part, no complaints about them at any other city I've travelled in. The cars I get are clean and in good condition. I don't care too much about price because I get reimbursed for it.  So I have been here a couple of times on business and as always, rented a car from them. And as always, the car has been dirty. Now, when I get to the car, it's at night so I can't see the interior so well. But the next morning it's always a surprise to see what crap is in the car. This time I've got chips in the cupholders and sticky stuff on the cruise control.   The only redeeming quality is that the staff here are friendly. But maybe they should stop being so nice to customers and clean the damn cars for once?
1 Avis. I hope you are reading this. This by far was the worst experience with renting a car. You had about 8 available registers open. About 50 customers in line on a Saturday of a long weekend. Somehow in your convoluted money saving head, you only had 5 staff members checking people in. In addition, none of your staff members made eye contact, they acted like they were high! I've dealt with autistic children that made more eye contact! To add insult to injury, you had an extremely long line, and agents that moved like they were post-op patients! We waited an hour to get our rental car. And then we waited 20 minutes to get the car delivered. Frankly. IT. WAS. HORRIBLE.   Maybe you shouldn't have spent the money on putting in mood lighting. You should have spent those extra dollars on hiring more intelligent people.
1 Good god! What is up with people in Las Vegas!? We rented from Avis again this past trip and it wasn't great. Seriously. Last time, the people wouldn't make eye contact if you paid them. This time, they were off crack and wouldn't stop staring you... even when you broke eye contact they'd bend down and try to continue to make eye contact. Sheesh!!  In the end, they added a whole bunch of taxes and fees that totally changed up the estimate. Strange... this is the first Avis that we've gone way over the estimate. BOOOO....
1 If I could give the Las Vegas Avis Rental center 0 stars I would.  Their latest "program" charges you $13.99 for 0-75miles driven--we specifically were asked during check-in whether we wanted to opt out of the program, so naturally we said yes. The woman was very rude, but made it clear that we had to decide there because it was an opt-in/out program.  We refilled the tank to full as usual, and noted upon return that we were charged a $18 fee (after taxes). We immediately turned around to inquire about the additional charge and were told this was for the $13.99 EZFuel program (or whatever it was called). We made the mistake of paying the $8.05 in gas in cash (we're in vegas after all, cash dealings is almost the norm), so we did not have a receipt to provide to "waive" the fee.   We got the manager out--a youngish guy--extremely rude and poor customer service (none at all really). The contract specifically states that yes, a fee will be charged "if rental is returned with less fuel than originally rented". There's also one line after that that says "00-75 miles will be charged $13.99, present receipt to waive". Based on our questions and experience during checkout, we had every reason to believe that this was an opt-in program. Our mistake on not getting a receipt, but it's clear the tank is full--how can anyone justify charging $13.99 for returning a car with a full tank?  Apparently Avis can run this kind of racket. The manager even had the nerve to counter, and I quote, "How do I know you didn't just drive 20miles and didn't refill the tank? You could do that and the meter would still show full." Excuse me? That's your customer service? Snarky comments? Our odometer readings checking out and back in clearly shows we drove 64 miles.   They would gouge you out of $18 of hard-earned money and lose the business of us and all our friends (we're spreading this around to everyone we know) because they can justify charging for a full tank in their fine print, and misleading instructions).   The manager by the way, offered no help at all in terms of retrieving a receipt. They could've called the gas station, refunded us the 8.05 once confirmed, or let us take another car out to retrieve the receipt (gas station was 2 blocks away). But no, nothing. No concession.   This is a new program, we've not seen it before mind you. But based on the nature of this program and the misleading directions by Avis's personnel and non-existant customer service, I suggest everyone rent elsewhere.  Enterprise, Thirfty are other options we've had no problems with. Give your hard-earned money to honest companies that earn it.
1 Wtf. I prepaid everything online and when i arrived, they ask for either an ssn or credit card for credit check. Which i have neither. Debit cards are not ok and they dont accept cash deposit. If you arent renting, why the fuck would you accept my prepay. And yeah... They CANT refund me at the station and asked me to call customer service.
