5 This store has been remodeled and should be the flagship for other stores! Starbucks inside. Clean, friendly employees and they actually have a CHECKER FOR EVERY LANE!! Yes! When they don't have a line, they stand at the end directing customers to their lane! Love it, love it, love it! Employees have a good attitude and are friendly at this store. Ask ANY employee where an item is located and they will STOP what they are doing and tell you where it is located or walk you to the item and take it off the shelf for you!
4 This is where I have been going to buy my meats.  It's not the cheapest place, but they have a nice selection and I like the area where they'll cut steaks for you.
4 I like the fact that this place is open 24hrs, since I usually shop right when I get off of work (2am).  This location is clean and the people working at the time of day I go, we pretty much know each other since I frequent here a lot! They begin baking this early in the morning for the bread and pastry's section by the produce. Nothing like the smell of fresh baking bread and cookies in the morning!!!
2 The prepared food area was ok. Lots of staff, I guess people who shop here don't cook for themselves.  Everytime I shop here I hate the checkout experience. They never have enough cashiers working, I don't mind waiting a few minutes, but I've stood in line for 15 minutes to checkout as the few cashiers that are there take their sweet time checking people out and bagging. The self checkout lanes are the most difficult, if I touch anything on the bagging area it calls for help, which is never there and slows down the whole process. All the other grocery stores in the area have much better checkouts and I shop at Whole Foods or Albertsons for almost all my groceries because of this.
4 So I'm here all the time. This is my local grocery store. There isn't a whole lot you can say about a chain grocery store that people don't already know.   Assuming you know what to expect out of a normal Smiths, there are a couple of things that stand out about this particular store. First of all, the meat department has a pretty strong selection of meats, and almost always reasonably priced. The staff behind the butcher counter is always friendly and willing to help. The deli has the old school "take a ticket for service" system, but the staff's usually pretty cool.   I haven't run into anyone that seems like they don't want to work there, even the small interactions I have with the staff are always pretty good.   They rarely have more than 1 full service checkout open after 8:00PM, when I'm usually there. The line for the full service is usually pretty intense, so they force you into the self service check stands, which I hate and is why they get 4 Stars Instead of 5.   Overall, it's a store. They have some above average departments, and doesn't smell like an armpit. Therefore, it gets my recommendation as a place to pick up your beer, veggies, and meat.
4 Not the closest market to our house - but one we will drive extra miles to get to.    Why?    The store is clean and the staff friendly.  The produce always seems of better quality and fresher than what we were getting at the markets near our place.  Maybe they have to step it up a bit in Summerlin - I don't know.  The cheese lady and I have an on-going relationship - I affectionately call her my cheese pusher.  She always spots me while my husband is picking up donuts from the bakery close by and offers me a sample of whatever they're cutting next (the first taste is always free innit?).  Always take a look through the sample basket - I've been introduced to some killer cheeses just by picking up some small, inexpensive samples on a whim.  Checking out is usually pretty quick - they take their customer service pretty seriously and open up lanes if they get backed up.  Everyone seems to be on top of it and friendly - saying Hi as you walk by, etc.  All in all - a really pleasant shopping experience above and beyond what one usually gets a national supermarket chain.     The only reason they're getting 4 stars instead of 5 is their ethnic food selection - which is scant at best.
4 Super nice service, great selection, and wonderful butcher!  10 great things about this store:  1) Very clean and well kept 2) Beautiful produce 3) Self-serve olive/salad bar 4) Great sandwich counter / deli meats (Boars Head!) 5) Freshly baked breads, cakes, and cookies (nice Pastry chefs / bakers) 6) Great wine selection 7) Amazing butcher / meat selection (daily specials for your grillin' needs) 8) A Pharmacy 9) A nice size Starbucks, with ample seating 10) A bank (which, not mine...so I don't recall!)  There were also several times that they special ordered things I couldn't find normally - very helpful, nice, and accomodating!
1 Poor customer service, and arrogant management. The cash registers also do not face to customer, so you cannot see the prices as they ring up the items, unless you go through the self check out lanes.
5 When I moved to Vegas I was advised that Smith's was the worst food store in the area. ' Go to Albertson's or Von's, much better'. So for 5 years that's what I did. In the car, drive by Smith's on the way to the other stores. Anyway I've been spending some time in a small town in Utah, in that town Smith's is the only option. Guess what? Smith's in Utah is great, I love Smith's. So, come home to Vegas and check out the Smith's. Even better!   The produce is shiny,plentiful and delicious, there is always a butcher behind the meat counter. He answers questions, makes recommendations and has even told me how to conjure up a culinary masterpiece. ( My words, not his).   Yesterday in the store, I was handed a raffle ticket, they were drawing numbers for free stuff. Did I win? Well no...but someone did. Also wine tasting! Probably popular in Vegas? Just asking...  The store is clean, prices are good and selections are excellent.   A feature I like in Smith's, both in Utah & Vegas, is there seems to be a supervisor lurking in front of the registers. This guy directs people to the shortest line, most registers were manned and packers were on hand to help you bag your delicious treats.  I like Smith's, my neighbor advised me against them 5 years ago. Well much has improved. If you haven't been for a while, you should give it a try.
5 Man, I wish they had a store like this near me in the Bay Area. Every time I visit my family in Vegas, I come here and I'm reminded what an awful suck-fest the grocery stores are in my hometown. If any of our local Safeways relocated here, they would absolutely get their shit RUINED by Smith's.  Not much to say, except the store is huge, the selection is equally huge, and the prices are 20%-50% lower than what I'm used to. The deli is gigantic and awesome, and full of a ton of different fresh meat at relatively low prices. They have a whole section of other prepared foods right nearby that is equally good. I mean, they actually have a dedicated *olive bar*, for god's sake.  Seriously, going here makes me angry. I walk around in here for 10 minutes, and I want to go home and grab the manager of the local Safeway, drag him here by the arm, and make him look around for a little bit and then beat the hell out of him.   "SEE THIS? (smack) THIS IS HOW YOU RUN A GROCERY STORE! (smack) THEY DON'T RIP YOU OFF, AND I DON'T HAVE TO COMPLAIN TO THE MANAGER THAT THEY STOPPED CARRYING REALLY BASIC SHIT LIKE CUP-O-NOODLES OR YELLOW CORN! (smack) (smack) what the hell is WRONG with you!! (smack)"  No, seriously. That's how much of a difference it is. People back home better watch out, because when I come back, I'm kicking some ass.
4 Like this location! Always clean, nice employee and always stocked well!
4 I like coming to find snacks and 10 item deals.  Closest market to my home.  It's a supermarket so really not much to say, store is very big and selection is well stocked.  Meats and veggies are fresh.  Service is great and parking is big.
4 I don't live close to this Smith's but have come here a few times. This is a large store  that is always clean and organized. What I like most is the sushi, prepared fresh. It's a bit pricey, but it's nice to go there while it's being prepared and hasn't been sitting in the cooler for hours. Today they were giving samples of sushi, which was pretty cool. Their produce seems to be of good quality.  The store seems very well-stocked and maintained.
4 Pet Peeve - I wish a chain would just call all their stores the same name.  I mean the coupons are the same, the store brand is the same, the rewards card is the same but they can't call a Ralphs a Smiths or a Smiths a Kroger...  Ok. 1 rant down, tune in farther down for a mini rant.    The good news is the quality I like about Ralphs is present at Smiths.  They have the best baked good section of any chain supermarket in the area.  Their meat section is fresh, decent cuts, and the butchers are helpful if not the most knowledgeable.  I must say that I have never had bad meat from Smiths and I heard on the news that out of all the supermarkets, they are the ones who do not use fillers in their ground beef although that may be over zealous reporting.  The store is usually clean and the staff very friendly.  They have the self checkout now and perks like a bread cutter in the bakery section.  My only complaint is that the prices seem higher than some of the other stores although if you shop by circular and coupons, you can get some really good deals here too.   And you get money off of gas if you can find a shell that honors the deal. (the one at this Smiths does not).  Now for mini rant.  Has anyone seen wine guy? I am sure he is a very nice man but everytime I see him he looks like a flamboyant town drunk.  Even his photo looks like he has been sipping the wine he is promoting.  He also has been pretty rude to me and several others who ask questions.  And yet I see him shmoozing with some customers like they are his best friend.  Anyway, minirant over, now show me where to find muscat!!!!!
2 Originally, I went to Walmart to buy a phone card, but instead encountered a bizarre and unusual situation.. for some reason they wouldn't let me. So then I drove over here instead. Yes, they did have the phone card that I needed. I was happy cause I spent the last 40 minutes trying to find a phone card. But, they had no check out isles open, so I had to go to self-checkout. All I did was ask the clerk how to activate the phone card. She replies in a passive-aggressive frustrate tone: "I JUST GOT HERE!!". Okay, that didn't answer my question. The situation then got a little awkward. She and I just stood there about 3 feet apart looking at each other for about 15 seconds. I then was like: ".........What was that?"" She then says again in that passive aggressive way: "I JUST GOT HERE!". But, this time she tells me: "I'm not ready to answer questions yet!".   F*cking weird......   Why do I get this weird sh!t happen to me everywhere I go in Las Vegas. Where are the f*cking normal people in this town? Why has everyone gone insane in this town? I don't understand!
4 Love the Deli!!! The deli department is outstanding!!
3 I've only run in here a couple of times. I'm not a Smith's shopper. I'm an Albertson's and VONS shopper. But when I have been in here the store is clean and they have lots of items available. Honestly, the only reason I run here to buy stuff is because they sell these Elmo tablets you can put in your bathtub and they change the water a different color and my kids love it. They also sell bathtub fizz balls. I would give it more stars but I have nothing else to rate them on. The parking lot is a headache.
4 I am not a regular Smith's shopper but I do appreciate their sushi section and the on site chefs are always friendly.  They always offer samples too.  Other then that I have only picked up a few items here and there but it's clean and their fruit, veggie and bakery section is very large.  I was surprised to even see televisions for sale there this morning.    There is of course a Starbucks and a small floral center.   And unlike a lot of grocery stores they have a higher then normal amount of self check out stations, and I've never had a problem using coupons here even if they are computer printouts that make an item free.
5 I know it's weird to review a grocery store, but after looking at Albertson's prices, it's really hard to not tell someone to shop somewhere else.   Smith's apparently is that "somewhere else".  And no one bothered to tell me, but apparently everyone knew this secret too.   Because this place is probably one of the most crowded grocery stores I've ever been to in a long time.  It's almost Walmart crowded if you can believe it.  The produce is very fresh, and the meats and seafood seem the same too.   I call into question the store layout a little bit, but only because I've never been to a place that places McCormick spices away from the actual "spices".  Totally wacky if you ask me.  Funny part here is that I would almost expect Summerlin prices to be a bit more, but overall the prices were comparable or cheaper than Lowe's Foods in North Carolina.  And that's actually fairly impressive.   Outside of the crowds, there's nothing that really beats out this store except the occasional goods that you can get cheaper at Walmart if you want to drive a little bit further.  Hey.... I just moved here, okay?!?!   I'm excited to find a place that doesn't rip me off when I want some cow meat!
5 Having just moved to The Valley from Michigan, I shopped around a bit before settling on Smith's on W Charleston. I have visited multiple Smith's locations, as well as Vons, Albertsons, etc. But this location is far and away the best for several reasons. I fact, I drive an extra mile out of my way to visit this one vs. the one on Sahara at Durango.  The first thing I noticed when I walked in and turned right into the produce department was the cleanliness and the beauty of the displays. I think I said something like, "Geez, it looks like a Whole Foods" in here! I was, needless to say, impressed.  Aside from the fact that it has better prices than most grocery stores, better selection of organic products for the price, and a great beer and wine selection, the staff is unparallelled in friendliness, helpfulness, and knowledge. I haven't had a bad experience yet!
5 Nice Smith's .. Nice bakery  and Floral dept
3 Long Lines, But normal atmosphere.
5 The store is clean, their prices are reasonable, and their selection is extensive. Open 24/7
4 This Smith's location is close to my job, so I usually pop in for small things like beverages and the occasional (well, more than occasional) pastry. However, this week, I discovered their hot, prepared food counter.  What a find!! Located right next to the deli, they have a great selection of entrees and side dishes for purchase. I spoke at length with the chef, Andrew, who was an absolute delight. The food is hot, fresh, well prepared, and tasty! You can get a full meal with an entree and two side dishes for $7.59 (includes tax). I always have enough left over for dinner, too.  I'd been searching for a healthier lunch choice other than subs and sandwiches, and I found it! A hot, tasty lunch for under $10?! I will be a regular customer for sure.  The store itself is clean and pretty well organized, although the self-checkout doesn't seem as up to date as other Smith's locations. A small price to pay, though. Great job, Smith's!!
3 Admitting that I can almost fall out my front door and land at Smith's I simply cannot fathom a reason aside from convenience to visit; the prices all higher than Walmart and the selection no better.  Cramped and crowded, though admittedly with a good number of cashiers and baggers hard at work I chuckled with amusement at the slot machines at the store's exit but less so at the anemic appearing celery at $1.49 a bundle, and even less so at the 99cent heads of lettuce that closely resemble the size of a Cabbage Patch doll from the 80s.  Good in a pinch and apparently frequent to offer sales I'll likely be back when produce begins to run low and I simply don't want to drive anywhere, but alas this cannot be my grocery store of choice.
2 Convenient because close by, good products and prices... however,  courtesy is not in their dictionary. Baggers, mainly kids with no manners, are rarely polite, frequently toss bags in the cart, or have a conversation with the one next to them while bagging your stuff slowly with one hand, and don't even have a "you're welcome" when you thank them. They just turn their back on you and walk away to finish their chat. Obviously no management supervision and zero training...
4 Great grocery store- makes me miss HEB, a Texas grocery chain. Walk in to a plethora of fresh and well-priced produce, then progress to the bakery, sushi station, extensive cheese and deli counter, rotisserie chicken and fried chicken station, and the seafood department. I legit did a dance when I found salmon steaks priced 2/$6- can't really beat that. I love fresh seafood and this is likely going to be my store of choice to buy it.  Mosey on past the olive bar, and you have a large wine selection too- and if you spot a guy with a Flock of Seagulls haircut, that's the wine department specialist, and he's great. Was doing wine tastings when I was there, and I found a great new California Cab that will likely make it into my regular rotation with it's $13 pricetag. Can't remember the name, but he said it's one of their best sellers- so ask for it!  I mostly stick to the perimeter of a store- not a fan of processed junk. But the cat food selection is pretty big and well priced: a 24 pack of Friskies wet food was only $9, enough for my guy to munch for a month.  Staff was friendly and helpful during the check out process, as well as when asked for help locating items- join for their store card to get discounts, doing so cut a good $6 off my final total.
5 My recent tip about this Smith's said:  "Got a dilemma for what to serve with wine? Better talk to Marissa at the gourmet cheese deli! She is amazing!"  I mean, you can buy groceries at any ol' supermarket, but you won't find someone like Marissa.  I wanted to bring something divalicious to Jazz in the Park and she hooked me up with her own recipe.  Told me how to prep some goodies from the gourmet olive bar and mix it with a freshly-bottled, luscious EVOO from California.  She actually walked me over to the bakery to select the rustic Tuscan bread and showed me how to slice it myself with the equipment.  Who gives concierge service like that?  Not Whole Foods!  I created a fabulous crostini topping that got rave reviews and was perfect with a nice red blend on a warm summer night.  She also showed me a new winner--cranberry/jalapeno jelly that topped a smooth walnutty double-crème cheese.  If you're the skeptical, picky type, know that you get to taste test the combos before you buy!
4 I like it here, fresh sushi bar, good produce selection, not usually out of things.  If they don't carry an item they will order it for you.  It's clean, not Arctic cold, would have been 5 stars but they here usually only carry a couple Ben and Jerry's flavors, and that makes me a sad, but thinner, panda.
5 This store is amazing.  I have never seen more customer-friendly staff in any establishment.  I'm in this store at least once or twice a week, and each time I am delighted at the staff.  Hats off to the Staff!
