4 This car wash is close to my work. I like it because they have a convenient waiting area. It's perfect during hot Las Vegas Summer. They have television, food section and ample seating. The gas section has a service personnel who will put gas on your car.
1 Sloppy service yesterday, real sloppy.
2 Make sure you go 1st thing in the morning, before they get busy or your car will sit and water spot before the attendants get to wiping it down. I have had to have my Hummer rewashed several times because of water spotting due to sitting in the heat waiting for available attendants to get to wiping the vehicle down. Today I went to get in the vehicle after being called that they were finished cleaning. I found the carpet still dirty and looked as though it had not been vacuumed. There was still water on several places of the vehicle Then I proceeded to get gas for the vehicle. Fab Freddy boasts that they will fill the tank. I am disabled with a visible placard. That in itself warrants gas service. But the girls that pump the gas were too busy discussing their weekend to even look my way or ask if I need help or do what they are paid to do. PUMP GAS.
1 I've been going to this car wash for many years. The work has really gone downhill.  In order for you to get a good wash you really need to opt for the $35+ washes. Otherwise they might forget to vacuum your car!
2 Washed my gf car while waiting for her at the dentist, besides the fact that it rained right after the only good thing about this place was the discounted gas, the car wash was mediocre at best, I would not recomend it to anyone, better of doing it at a gas station for 7 dollars ur self, paid 24.99, and tipped 5 dollars, and got my car back with dirt all over the ground in the car, and the glasses cleaned half ass, rims with dirt, I get a 10 times better wash at half the price in cali! dont wate your money! go somewhere else or get the cheapest wash...
3 Great place to get some gas if you are in the Summerlin area. Prices are descent. Service is pretty good. (they'll even pump your gas for you too)  No complaints on my end..
4 Checking in with Yelp saved me $5!! Fast service at lunch time, car was spic and span. I will be back.
5 They did an awesome job on my car, inside and out for $40.
3 I have been trying out this car wash for the past few months, and so far it has been a hit or miss. The employees usually try to get you to buy a detail service, which can run anywhere from $40 - $100+. I always decline nicely, and I appreciate that they don't try to push it. I usually go with the VIP wash for $19.99, which is the cheapest inside/outside wash they have.   First, they vacuum your car. Then it goes through the machine. Lastly, a bunch of employees wipe down your car. It usually takes about 20 minutes. Sometimes they really are "fabulous" and do a great job - no spots, everything is completely clean, and I can drive away happy. Other times, they get lazy and I notice spots that were not wiped down here and there. One time they forgot to clean the roof of my car. Unfortunately, I didn't notice that until I got home. :(  I believe they do have a 48 hour rain guarantee on some of their washes. The gas station and convenience store is also a big plus. This location is convenient for me, so I'm sure I'll be back again. But I'm still hoping to find a car wash in the area that will do a better job.
3 It not often where someone will offer to pump your gas for you. Friendly people
1 Had a wash on the 18th where they punctured the tire on my Lexus. 10 days and still waiting for a check from corporate as they can reimburse from the store. Not good enough and will not go back.
1 Went her on 4/21 paid $20.00 for a awful car wash when the guy drying my car held up his rag we walked ove open the door and the door jams were still filth , dash was still dusty when the mgr walked ove and I should him he says we only clean that stuff with a detail needless to say he did end up doing mine I'll never return here !!!!
2 Have never been here before and I more than likely will not return.  I paid $34.99 plus tip for a car wash.  You don't get what you pay for.  I hoped that my rearview mirror would be cleaned, that my back seat would be vacuumed properly and that my rims would not be dirty.  Guess not.  Rims look like they did when I arrived.  And that armorall stuff they put all over my car is not great.  You have to wipe down the dust first before you polish something.  I have shiny dirt in my car.  Awesome.  Guys were too busy standing around talking.  I felt ripped off a little and I might as well have washed my own car.  Disappointed.  :(
4 I visited this location last Saturday, and paid for the $34.95 car wash.  After I left the location I noticed same areas that were not as clean as I expected.  I contacted the store, and they took care of the problem.  I will visit this location again.
4 Great car wash!  Also if you check into Yelp you receive $3 off!
3 Got car washed ...The inside wasn't done perfectly.  Was a pleasant staff though.
1 NEVER coming here again. Wasted 35 dollars on a really crappy car wash. It was greasy, they missed a lot of obvious spots, Especially the front of my car. Definitely not "full service." They even left their rag on my car after they said its finished. I didn't even get notified after they were supposedly done and on top of that, watched the guys just stand there and hang out. We had to come up to them and ask if the car is finished, Worst experience, if I can give them no stars, I would.
4 They do a great job on my dirty car!
4 Fast service and their coupon system where you buy ten tickets ahead of time gives you 30% discount. I think they do this twice a year. I get the VIP wash and they usually do a great job except for vacuuming my dog's hair out of the carpet but they do get the food off the floor and vacuum underneath the mats. I also like getting a 5cent discount of gas.
1 This Place deserves NO Stars at all. If you want bad service, a mediocre, or horrible car wash, damage to your car, and a long wait... This is the Car Wash for you!  I've been to this car wash a handful of times... Each time I remember why I never want to go back!  The first time I visited this Fabulous Freddy's, was in 2003 when I had bought a Brand New, Ford Ranger Truck! After a few days of buying it, I decided to have it detailed. At first glance, the truck looked good. I drove off to my sisters store, and when I got back, I noticed soap suds filled half way in the entire bed of the truck. After a long argument with management, they re-washed it for free.   The next time I went there, I was driving a Ford Focus. I took it in, to have it detailed. I waited an hour, and watched every Hummer, BMW, Mercedes, and other Higher End cars who came after me, leave before me. I complained to a manager, and he assured me I'd be next. I watched the 3 guys working on cars finish, then one of them pulled in with a Ferrari, all three, started working on it. So I got irate with the manager. He told me, "I can't force them to wash your car." I threw a fit, & got my money back, with 2 free details for the future. I decided to drive home, detail it myself, and ironically never used my free details. Guess I never had 2 spare hours to wait, then go detail my car myself?   The last time I went there, was about a month ago. My wife purchased a Groupon for a $20.00 credit, we decided to upgrade it for a better wash, when we got there. They took our car, we went in to pay, only to find out they don't honor Groupon deals on the weekend! So, we paid for the wash. A week later, we noticed our antenna was gone, and there was a scratch, where a tool might have been used, to remove the antennae. They refused to accept blame. We not only had to buy a new antennae, but also have to pay to get the scratch fixed. We've had the car less than a year, and the first time I didn't wash the car myself.   I don't really know why they're so busy all the time, but my lowest wait time was, 45 minutes.   The problems with this location starts from the management, and their lack of concern for customer satisfaction. All the way down to their lack of self respect for the job they do.   I will NEVER return to this Fabulous Freddy's, if I ever return to any location ever again!
1 45 dollars to wash my new car and they did not even get it clean  I have tried them three times now a complete waste of Time  retarded monkeys can wash cars better than them. And now I have a dent on the roof of my show car thanks you dumb asses
1 Why do I keep returning to this awful place?  Convenience, I suppose, but never again.  I received big-time attitude from multiple "fabulous" employees when I pulled up at 7:29 a.m. to get my car washed.  They all said I should just sit tight as the car wash doesn't actually open for 10 more minutes.  What???  I even showed them the time on my phone, to no avail.  To make things even more exciting, none of the "fabulous" employees could get the car wash started.  After waiting and waiting and waiting, I told them I needed to get to work.  So, they thought it wise to spray off just a few parts of my car, leaving it a smeared disaster.  I'm glad I waited a week to post this review, as I have finally simmered down just a tad.
1 Terrible!!! This used to be the best car wash spot on the west side, no longer. Brought my brand new Audi here and what I got back was a greasy mess with a missing windshield wiper. Horrible experience, I will never use this place ever again.
1 Absolutely worst car wash. Didn't even attempt to clean.  Barely wiped down inside. Didn't vacuum.  Waste of money.
1 Never coming back here. $39.95 for a hand car wash. I've seen 5 cars that came after me come through, and a car get waxed still my car hasn't come out. Now I'm off to go find my car. This place sucks.
1 In a few words this place is overpriced, has bad customer service, and a poor quality car wash. The only perk is 20 cents off at the gas pump. I'd rather go to the Terribles up the street; better prices, friendly staff, and they offer the same 20 cent incentive.   This was my first and last time coming here. I will not be returning.
1 Wish I could give no stars. Over an hour and still no car. No sorry, no nothing.   This is the third time in a row that it has taken an hour plus.   Very poor customer service, have a free car wash on my Freddie's card and will be mailing it back to the company in disgust.   Time to find a new place.
1 It's always hit or miss with full service car washes and this one was definitely a miss. They didn't wipe anything down inside of the car and the people who did the actual "cleaning" were a little rude. Not to mention this place is pricy compared to other places I've been where they at least attempt to do a good job. Would recommend skipping this one!
1 Well to start, I don't mind when things go wrong, it happens. However, even when a company admits it and then ignores your requests to fix the problem and straight lie to you, then I have an issue. Long story short, took my Pathfinder to this car wash and as I was going thru I notices a fast dinging sound. When I came out we discovered my hood, windshield, and the top of my car was scratched to hell in a pattern. I spoke to the person in charge at the time D Hicks. He told me that there was a car in front of me who didn't put his antenna down and it broke off. Then the antenna was caught in the rotary brushes that cover the top of the car. As I went through the sound i heard  was like a nice paint scraper  to my car. We showed my newly scratched paint to D Hicks with the understanding that Things happen. He seemed very concerned and gave me a fax number so I can get quotes to fix my damaged vehicle. 2 weeks go by and I send multiple quotes to the number given. We were told that Brandon will be in-touch with us the next day. Next day came and went, of course no call. The next week came by, we called for Brandon, he is not available and will call us back, no call. The 2nd week came by, we called for Brandon, he is not available and will call us back, no call.The 3rd week came by, we called for Brandon, he is not available and will call us back, no call. The 4th  week came by, we called for Brandon, he is not available and will call us back, no call. Was I supposed to be ok with everything and forget  this. Do they think we will just go away and not have to repair our car? Very poor customer service for damages  and I would not recommend this place to any customer if you have to go through this process. Sad as this is I have had stuff like this happen to my business and I know you have to fix your wrongs. We will be contacting the BBB and have our attorneys contact the owner. Its not the $600.00 paint repair bill, its the principal. You will love my lawyer.
1 Awful service!!! Paid $24.99 for detail and when car was called ready, seats were not wiped down, doors still dirty, vacuum job sucked and Windows still dirty!!!! Guys got pissed and walked away when I nicely asked for more cleaning. 1 nice gentlemen helped me but told me "that's the best he can do!!!" Will NEVER go back and will tell every person I know!!!
4 Have to update, Brandon did go the extra mile and get me my money to fix the scratches their machine caused. Very pleased with the time line and effort he put forth.
4 We had a couple of issues with the car when they were first finished with it, however, Charon provided fabulous customer service and took care of everything to our 100% satisfaction.
2 The work was good, the service was awful! My dog had an accident in my car.  (I was bringing him home from the veterinarians.)  I was afraid to clean it up myself and make things worse. So the next day, yesterday,  I went to Fabulous Freddy's and spoke to a girl.  She said that I didn't need an appointment and the interior and exterior-including the mess could be done for 84.99.  Fine.  I go on line and saw the detailing for around 150?  Okay! So I go today.  First guy gets someone else.  She tells me that dog poop is a bio hazard.  She asks a detail guy.  They talk.  Then she comes over to me and tells me it can be done but I would have to leave a tip!  I looked at her and told her that I had worked retail and I always tip.  She looked at me like I was out of my mind and said "You did?". So guy #1 tells me I have a chip in my windshield, we did fix that and my insurance is paying. The car  was fixed beautifully.  Everything looks great!  I ended up tipping the detail guy-guy #2-$10.  He did give $5 to the guy who cleaned the seats.  He did make some comment about not usually cleaning up dog poop. I was willing to pay more but don't tell me I have to tip and don't tell me that dog poop is a bio hazard.  And I always tip! I was recommended this place by an employee at the veterinarian.  When I called my doggy day care place they said that dog poop is not a bio hazard they were shocked and asked if I spoke to a manager. The car really looks good, but...
1 OK so i usually get my car washed for free at the dealer but was short on time and decided to give this place a whirl. The entrance is a bit strange and when you first arrive its not very clear where you need to go to get the ticket written up,anyways found that. I decided on the 19.99 deal and with my 3 dollar yelp discount paid 16.99. first thing you notice is this place appears to have a lot of employees running around,what they are all doing is a mystery to me since the reason I came in was to get my car washed and that was done poorly ,I can only assume they are all running around stocking shelves,I mean this place is almost like a mini market,they are selling way more then just car washes here,which is really detracting from the quality of the wash itself. Part of my 19.99 (16.99) wash was scented air,to my surprise when i went in they handed me a scented tree to hang on my rear view mirror,WTF? this isn't 1982 and I don't drive an old beater,all the car washes i have ever been to that offer this is a package item actually spray the scent in the car,not  give you some cheesy tree to hang in the car,i tossed that shit away. when my car came out it sat out in the hot sun for at least 7-8 minutes,not under the shade which all the other cars were under,i was going to say something and then i noticed the person who was going to do my car,I told him as i usually do to the people who work on my car,I want special attention given to the wheels and tire dressing and pointed out a few trouble areas that I wanted him to address,he said no problem,I gave him the 5 bucks and when i started to drive out they had bent my side view mirrors in and when i popped them back out they were filthy,the windows were filthy the car was horrible,i was in a rush so I didnt have time to have him do it all again,I just will not return. i get better washes when they are free at the dealer. This place needs to focus on what kind of business they want to be and hire people who will reflect that vision,not slackers with no sense or sight. I would never reccomend this place to anyone unless they like to pay to have a half ass job done.
1 I am a almost native Las Vegan, been here for 43 years. I remember Freddies at Maryland pkwy. I use the Ft. Apache summerlin one now. Every year they get worst and charge more. I got a $14.99 wash plus a  $3 dollars tip and they forget to vacuum behind the seats, in between the seats and back cargo area.  What am I supposed to do leave a list. This is buying one of their famous BOOKS, $159.00 or is it $169 a pop. This why there are no jobs, the employer gives the employees minimum wage. No insurance no extra overtime., they are making a killing on these people.  THEY IN TURN DON CARE WHAT KIND OF SERVICE THEY GIVE TO THE CONSUMERS.  Maybe we need a Monarchy again to provide better for the PEOPLE.!!!
4 I went here on a Sunday and it was busy. However they did do a great job on the car wash and they did do it quickly for how busy they were so I would recommend this place
1 i had my car washed and waxed at fab freddy two weeks before and two weeks before that each time i was charged 49.99 and was happy but when i went back for the third time i was treated like a criminal the ticket writer charged me 64.99 for the same job when i asked to speak with manger she told me that i must have a big car i said no i have a small car and you charged me 49.99 the last two times which were very recent she said i would have to check the security camara to make sure you brought the same car those two times. WHAT are you for real? i said cant you just come outside and look at my car and see for your self it is small and charge accordingly why look at video? she refused to come outside and look and on top of that she was rude and acted like a diva what a shame i used to like them now they suck and that is why they seem to be empty and not as busy when ever i drive by hope the suffer till they learn to treat customers like people not inconvenience cause now they are losing biz
2 Did the Freddy VIP Wash - was OK.  Windows definitely were not clean which irritated me. Smeared inside and out...I still can't get them clean on my own. They didn't even dust the dash or wipe it down -guess that costs extra? After paying $16.99 with a Yelp $3 coupon..disappointed.  Outside looked good - excellent wheel dressing...but that didn't make up for the unclean windows, dash.  Not sure I will go back again for the money - there are much better places for less money.  My 4th time here since living in LV - seems to be getting a bit worse each time.
3 I always stop in at Fabulous Freddy's when I need a Full Service car wash. They clean the car inside and out and they always do a fairly decent job. It's the only place in the neighborhood that offers full service, other than Terrible Herbst. FF does a little better job, so I go here. I think they give you a discount on fuel with a wash too. I always seem to have a full tank when I come here, so I have not used the discount yet.
5 Got my Lexus washed and detailed during my eye Dr. appointment in the same shopping center and they did a Fabulous job. I had a stain on my headliner which  I was afraid I would never be able to get out without causing damage (I think its suede). These guys did a bang up job and I couldn't be happier with my car. It looks brand spankin new again!!! If you need your car washed and detailed then this is the place to go.
1 Fabulous Freddys isn't fabulous, I had my car detailed here. They told me it would only be an hour, it took them three hours and I was late to work. They scratched my window tint on three of my Windows and will not pay to fix it. There was dryed wax all over the outside of my car. Horrible customer service, will never go back. Take my advice and save your money.
