5 This is one of those 'you will miss it if you blink' type places. Hidden in a strip mall, behind a convenience store, you will find El Herradero. Best Mexican food I have had in Nevada, hands down.  The same lady helps me every time I go in, and she is a total sweetheart. The decor is basic, this isn't a place you would take a date for a special occasion, don't go into a hole-in-the-wall establishment expecting fine china or 800 thread count table linens... If you have ever been to Mexico, you know that it's the flavors of the food that make it authentic, not the décor!   The chicken soup is fabulous. Great broth with lots of chicken, potatoes, carrots and rice. It tastes extra yummy when you are hungover. I also like the chicken tacos and taquitos. Basically anything with chicken is going to be great.   The free chips and salsa you get when you sit down are also tasty. The salsa is mild, but that is how I like it... They have a small salsa bar as well for those that like it hotter.   Make sure you get a churro for desert. Yum!
4 Should I preface this review with my usual, "I don't usually go for _______" and then go into the reasons why I like this place? I am known for choosing the second option if given the choice, but I have been more open when it comes to this cuisine.  Having worked in a Mexican restaurant for three years. Keep your jokes about the role reversals to yourselves. That is probably one of the reasons why I am not that fond of food from south of the border. I am the minority in a group that loves Mexican and Tex-Mex food.   Located behind the convenience store, this place is easily overlooked if you are not searching for it. I almost didn't find it even though I was on a mission.   The restaurant was empty, so we were the focus. It probably would have been the same if there were others there as well. The lady working the front was friendly and quick to check up on us. As soon as we sat down, we were given a basket of chips and a bowl of salsa. Both are bottomless. They offer a salsa bar, but none of the other salsas taste as good as the pico de gallo.   We had ordered water to drink, but when she came back I was surprised that she brought bottled water. It is a dollar, if you don't want to pay, make sure to clearly state tap. This just added to the authenticity of my visit. I pretended that we were in Mexico and it was unsafe to drink the tap water.  Thanks to a friend, every time I go to a Mexican restaurant I wonder how their carnitas are. I ordered the slow cooked pork in a burrito with guacamole and asked for it smothered in the green chili sauce. The burrito is large, stuffed with meat, rice, beans, and a good helping of the green stuff. It was fantastic. The pork was juicy without being too fatty. My only complaints are that the carnitas were overly seasoned and none of the salsas packed any heat. If not for the other ingredients, the burrito would have been extremely salty. My friend had ordered the vegetarian burrito with the same extras as I. She loved that they had sauteed cabbage in addition to the normal peppers and onions.   For both of our meals, it came out to twenty one dollars and some change. I would not think twice about coming back here again.
2 In complete contradiction to previous reviews, El Herradero is exactly the very mediocre kind of place you would expect to find hidden in a strip mall. The clear plastic tablecloths and no-budget décor accurately reflect the food quality. A stale basket of chips complete with an errant and quite ancient looking French fry arrived at the table accompanied by a slightly sweet, less than fresh salsa. The chilled ingredients dominated the Carne Asada Burrito making for a cold dish even though it was Enchilada style and heated before served. Pathetically weak Enchilada sauce tasted like something watered-down from a can. The tortillas seemed store bought as did the commercially shredded cheese. Average fast food, neighborhood-Mexican? Maybe. 5-star Mexican restaurant? Definitely not.
3 Small little place.  Kinda left unsatisfied and still hungry. Spent around $11 on a soda, 2 tiny enchiladas with refried beans and rice, and free chips with salsa. They had only one server and a cook who doubled as the bus boy. Not a lot of taste going for the enchiladas and the salsa was ok. One plus was that food got there pretty quick after being ordered.  Ask for little ice with your soda, they brought me a large cup of ice topped with a few gulps of soda, finished before I even got my food, and wasn't offered a refill. I'll stick to where I usually go for Mexican.
5 This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. It's an authentic mom and pops place. I love their #2 chicken with a light creamy spicy sauce. I can't remember what it's called.  Chips and salsa are great. I've had their soup, taquitos. I haven had anything I didn't like yet.  It is located in an odd little shopping center.  I don't think I would have ever ventured had I not gone with coworkers the first time.
5 By far one of the best hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas.  The Chicken Cilantro soup is a must have with every meal.  The service is quite friendly, the food tastes very fresh, and the menu has a great variety of traditional and Tex-Mex cuisine.  If you didn't know it was there, you would miss this gem of a restaurant.
3 It's ok.  Standard zero atmosphere place, no problem there. Food is just average, or maybe below. Prices are ok for dinner, but seem kinda high for lunch. For way better food at a slightly better price, I would go down the street to Tacos y Tortas el Panzon.
3 First, I wish I knew they did NOT have their LIQUOR license before going: maybe it's just me but an ice cold Negra Modelo or margarita go hand-in-hand with great Mexican food!  But then the food was not great so maybe that's why. Ambiance was lacking too (removing the thick plastic table coverings would help).  Tasty? Absolutely! El Herradero will do in a pinch when you're craving some south-of-the-border flavors, just know the quality is mediocre if you're a Mexican cuisine foodie.
3 Better for take-out than lingering for atmosphere. My friend of nearly 40 years came to town from Philly, seeking "Mexican" like we enjoyed in Colorado as college students. Thanks to Yelp, I found El Herradero - not far from my home in Anthem. The kitchen is fantastic with great dishes and no 'attitude'. Superb value.  3 stars for the food. The dining area is so-so.
3 Since I work in the area, I have passed by this restaurant on quite a few occasions. I finally got the chance to try it out since my coworker was craving a bean burrito for lunch.   I opted for the three taco lunch special which comes with three tacos of your choice and a soda. They have hard and soft shell options. I chose the hard shell chicken taco and two soft with carne asada and carnitas, just to get a little sampling of a few options. My dining partner ordered the burrito special with chicken. The chicken and carne asada were pretty good, I was a little disappointed by the carnitas. All the tacos could have used a little more flavoring as they seemed a little on the blander side, but there is potential. I added some of the salsas they offer at their salsa bar, which only consists of three varieties (medium, hot and verde) and that helped. My coworker said her burrito was just ok. She had hoped it would be a little on the cheesier side.   Overall, I had a pleasant meal and I look forward to giving this little shop another chance soon since their prices seem pretty reasonable and they have a relatively extensive menu.
3 Good, solid Mexican food right near work. Try the Macho Burrito covered in Chili Verde.  Oh, and I almost forgot: free Wifi.
4 Mmmmm good breakfast
5 Always delicious, salsa is the bomb, love the friendly girl who is always working. They will make whatever you dream up too! Chile Relleno burrito is the best! Tiny ,casual type restaurant, usually get mine to go but the service is great when I stay.
5 The waitress is always smiling and the food is consistently great !! Love the chips and Salsa!! Now they serve free soup too !!
