1 I should have stuck with my initial poor impression of this place from years ago.  It was evident from my recent visit that this is a "money-making comes first" kind of place.  Do not waste your hard-earned money  Go to Costco or an ophthamologist at a true medical facility.  Was made to wait 30 minutes, taken to an exam room, and then told to remove my contacts.  I do not wear contacts.   I was then told that I would have to pay cash to see the doctor since what I was there for was apparently a "medical" appointment.  Isn't that why I have vision insurance?  Frustrating all around.
4 I've been using Clearvision since I moved here in 2006. I've seen all the Optometrists and they have all been very nice, helpful and took the time to explain what they were seeing during their examination.  Receptionists and support staff are also very nice. Great selection of glasses and they usually have contacts in stock so I don't have to wait for them.    I also love that they use retinal imaging on my eyes so I don't have to get my eyes dilated. I hate looking like anime. They keep those images year after year so they can track any changes. I think that is pretty cool.  I've always been into my appointment within 5 minutes of the appointment time. For any kind of doctor that is impressive.
5 I was seen right on time for my appointment.  Everything went smoothly.  The entire staff was very nice & helpful.  I have been using Clear Vision for many years.  This year I was seen by Dr. Jennifer Hodgen.  She was extremely competent & took the time to explain everything clearly & thoroughly.
5 I went to Clear Vision Eye Center after my eye had been red, throbbing, and watery for a few days. I was seen by Dr. Jennifer Hodgen and she instantly knew the problem. She was extremely friendly, efficient, and made my visit comfortable. She prescribed me a eye drop that fixed my Iritis and I have been back for follow up appointments. I am very lucky to have found such a caring doctor.
5 I have been going here for several years and they and the service is outstanding. The staff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating. The doctors make you feel comfortable and never leave the room with making sure all your questions are answered.   I've been to several places and they are 'simply the best!'
4 Went here for my eye exam, and the staff and Dr were fast and very nice.  They had Oakley sunglasses that were prescription, which many places do not..I would make it a 5 star if they had more varieties of them.
5 I was diagnosed with keratoconus a few years ago and Dr Fermin at Clear Vision was the only optometrist that took the time to explain my eye condition to me and he's always been patient in working on the perfect fit for my rigid gas permeable contact lenses. The office itself is clean and efficient and on a past visit 2 years ago, I had a billing challenge with my vision plan and HMO plan and the office woman worked diligently in solving the challenge. I'm a very happy patient of Dr Fermin and Clear Vision.
