4 After moving back from so cal and leaving my fav stylist there, I was left with finding a new one, and ladies, you know how nerve racking experience that can be.  It was by complete chance that I found Allie.  Allie gives me a great layered cut with great style.  She's never rushing and takes her time to make your hair look good.  Also, it doesn't hurt that she does the best shampoo'ing ever.  So relaxing.  Conclusion:  Allie is sweet, efficient and my hair likes her. =)  And her price is right!
1 I have never seen more drama in a place such as suite one salon. As I was sitting waiting for my appointment with my husband. The talk of the day was who had sex and who didn't have sex the night before, the employees need to be called in from the bar next door drunk or high on something. The hair dressers stylist dress like hookers, the eyebrow lady has the worst NY accent and has the biggest mouth I ever heard, so tasteless. I have ever seen a classless bunch of people as I have experienced in a place of business. My hair was damaged from some untalented stylist Jewels, my husbands eyebrows looked terrible from the big mouth NY lady whom my husband said breathe smelled like alcohol during his service. What a waste of time and money.
5 I've been going to Suite One since my stylist moved there.  I've followed my stylist Mimi for about 6 to 7 years, and I wouldn't trust anyone else to cut, style, dye and straighten (keratin smooth) my hair.  Mimi is a great stylist, a nice person and her prices are very reasonable.
5 Pros: * Excellent, top notch men haircuts. * Clean and new. Feels fresh. * Friendly helpful staff that made me feel welcome. * Reasonable prices.  Cons: * None yet!  As a guy, finding a place to get a decent hair cut can be a tricky thing. You have the choice of going to a super cheap establishment clearly aimed at men, such as Super Cuts or Great Clips, but I have had enough botched and bad haircuts to know better. When I decided to ask around a bit and question my more stylish female friends I was referred to Suite One Salon in Summerlin. I am happy they did because I had a very pleasant experience.  I was told to make an appointment with Kelly Panter because she was "nice" and good with men haircuts. When I arrived at Suite One, the male owner Tommy was working the front desk and asked me if I had an appointment. I told him yes and he asked if it was my first time at the salon. He proceeded to tell me I wasn't the only guy to get his hair cut there and showed me the salon extension they added last year. One thing I instantly noticed was how extremely clean everything was. The textured green walls with vibrant cherry woods went well together to form a fresh and modern feeling, albeit maybe too expensive or high-end for my hair needs. Fortunately, the price for my hair cut was a very reasonable 25 bucks, before tip.   Kelly was great and asked what kind of cut I was looking for and when I had absolutely no idea she showed me a couple magazines and told me what she thought would suit me best. I took her advice and she began to work her magic. I told her I had never been to such a nice salon and felt a little out of place and somewhat nervous. She did her best to relax me and was very nice, she had a good knack for keeping the whole experience light and seemingly quick. When she was done I was blown away. It was undoubtedly the best haircut I'd ever had. It's a hard thing to explain but it was just obviously better than anything I had prior.   She showed me to the front and I thanked Kelly and Tommy for a great first salon experience and they recommended a "styling" product I could use to replicate Kelly's magic; the best I can by myself anyways.   I had a great experience at Suite One Salon and will surely return.
5 I love this place! Maggie is the one I go to and she does my color better than anyone has. My blonde looks great and she always does the cut exactly the way it should be. I am so happy I found her. Shes the sweetest and very professional :)
1 This is the worst hair cut I have ever had. I am new to the Las Vegas area and i was unsure of who to ask for so the salon suggested Lauren. I specifically asked for hair about three inches below my shoulders, as a new mom I stressed that the most important thing was that my hair was easy to style and put into a ponytail. Lauren butchered my hair.  Not only is it SEVERAL inches too short, it will barely go into a ponytail. Worst of all it is two different lengths on each side! One side has weird V shaped feathered layers and the other does not. I feel that Lauren rushed through my hair because she had another client waiting. I almost want to ask for my money back, instead I am posting this review and hoping my hair will grow quickly. I can't say anything about the rest of the salon but I would never return to Lauren!
5 OUIDAD CERTIFIED STYLISTS!!!!!   This is a must for curls!  I found this salon through the Ouidad website.  There are 2 certified stylists.  I have been going to Jewlz for a year and a half now.  My friend sees Monica.  I have never heard a bad comment about either.  I always have a pleasant experience.  Highly recommend Jewlz for your curls!!!!!
5 I've been going to Ashley McFerrin for almost 7 years now & obviously, by my consistent patronage, I LOVE WHAT SHE DOES! She's awesome!  She has a wonderful energy about her, not some gossiping, judgmental chick, but a very down to Earth, happy, and pleasant gal.  She has a vast repertoire of hair knowledge and expertise.  I DEFINITELY recommend Ashley!!!!  The salon is nice, they just remodeled and expanded.
5 Just moved from SoCal. Love this place! Charlene gives the best shampoo and color!!
5 Valarie Philips is amazing! She knows her color really well. I'm never disappointed with her and I'm usually picky with who does my hair. Suite One Salon is a bit of a drive from my house but it is so worth it for Valarie! I definitely recommend going to her! She's very outgoing, getting my hair done is never awkward and that's what I love about her also! She's the best shampooer ever, I'm always so relaxed with her head massages. VALARIE IS GREAT!! :)
5 Valarie at Suite One is beyond amazing! She does a fantastic every time she does my hair, whether it's just a color, trim or up-do. She is very knowledgeable with all the newest trends. She will always leave you feeling like a brand new you!!! I will never choose another stylist ever again!! No need to read any more reviews, get an appointment with her now!!!!!
5 Had Valarie Phillips do my hair today and she did a wonderful job! I love my hair do and the color! Excellent at coloring! I will return again and again for more styles, colors and cuts! Love it! And everyone who work at this salon are extremely friendly and knowledgable. Ill be referring all my friends and family!
5 Highly recomend. very beautiful salon. I've been going to Kate E. for the past few months. I always feel when I get a hair cut I have to wait a few weeks for it to grow out and look good. Kate always does an amazing job where I feel so pretty just leaving the salon.
5 prolly one of the best salons in town... had several haircuts from jewlz and shes amazing..  book her in advance shes hard to get because shes so talented!!
5 Valarie Phillips is amazing! She is an absolute perfectionist and when it comes to my hair, that's a great thing. She will not let me leave her chair until she is 100% satisfied and knows that I feel the same way. She has been doing my hair for a while now and I have always walked out of the salon feeling amazing! I would recommend her to anybody looking for someone to give them exactly what they want with more than exceptional pricing.
5 Be sure to make an appointment with Valarie Phillips! She does a awesome job with color & hands down gives the BEST scalp massages! She's super sweet & you will love her!!! :)
5 Went to see Jessica Cannon for the first time. She did an excellent job on my highlights and the violet color she used is perfect! Highly recommended!
5 First time going to this salon, atmosphere is awesome! Decor is incredibly simple but wow! Regan is a great stylist, easy to get along with, professional, takes her time and gave me exactly what I wanted!
5 Jenna saved my hair! I am 25 years old and a year ago I started going to Jenna for my hair. I went to her with hopes of fixing the little hair I had left. With coloring, bleaching and wrongful extension use I went to her desperate to try and have beautiful hair again. As most girls dream to have long, healthy gorgeous hair I thought it would never happen again. She not only has made my hair finally grow again but also recommended me to try tape in Cinderella extensions. I have never had so many compliments but every time I tell someone I have extensions they never believe me because it looks so natural. She is not only affordable but has a true talent with fixing almost impossible over processed hair. I highly recommend her to anyone that has lost hope in hairdressers. Thank you so much Jenna for making me wake up everyday and look in the mirror and love my hair!
5 My first experience at a hair salon was the worst walked out crying so when I made this appointment to come here I was so hoping for the best and I was not disappointed. Service was great, fantastic atmosphere. I will be back.
5 I purchased a Groupon with Mandy at a previous salon and had difficulties scheduling with her due to some unforeseen circumstances. The Groupon had expired and I got a call from her offering to accept the Groupon offer and  to schedule the mani/pedi with her at her new location. I was thrilled to say the least! I've been trying to find a new nail girl for over a year! We met and it was "true love". My nails were B-E-A---UTIFUL!!!! She did tangerine sparkly gels for my upcoming vacation to Mexico! She is amazing, talented, and an absolute doll! I recommend her to everyone that compliments my fingers and toes! Thanks so much Mandy!!!
5 What a great place to get a cut. As soon as I walked in I loved the vibe and energy of the salon. The host was smiling and very pleasant to the customer he was helping. The rock music was a plus!   I couldn't wait till the 10th to see my stylist so I had to get an emergency cut, and I wanted it today! So I looked around for salons in the area and Viva Salon seem to have some good reviews. I call to ask if they accept walk ins and they said yes. I arrive and no ones at the front desk. A customer and a stylist come to the front to close out and all I get is this look as If I was an alien. I was in gym clothes mind you. The host asks if the stylist can take me and she says it'll take 45 minutes to scissor cut and she wouldn't want to rush the cut since she had a 5pm appointment. Much appreciated for the thought. But the lack of personality was beyond disgusting. So I took my business to  Suite One.   Kyle the host smiled and greeted me as I walked in. He then offered me water as I waited for the stylist. Less than a minute I was taken to a chair by Jose.   Jose is amazing! I'm sure everyone here is amazing! It's like family here. Everyone knows each other and you just feel that sense of pride and passion.   Throughout the session Jose and I had a great conversation about a lot of things. You can tell it's not rushed and the stylists create a very genuine experience.   Very convenient that they have the Square where you can pay from your chair without having to wait at the check in area.   Definitely very happy with my cut and experience.
