4 I am in the process of writing a review of every National car rental facility I have visited in the last couple of months. I will preface the whole review with the fact that they are the only rental car company I use, that is wherever possible. They are by far the best when it comes to their frequent renter options. Free days, free upgrades, and solid rates. Go green or go home, remember even if you are only a random renter sign up for emerald club that way you get all the perks.
4 This is our new corporate car rental company. National is quite unique BC you just go to the Emerald club Isle and pick any car of your choice for a mid size price. Load your luggage and then proceed to the check out booth and all your paperwork is processed within minutes.   National rates get you an Emerald account which let you bypass the counter and their rate are very competitive and with the corporate national account your insurance is covered at no additional cost.   You may pick what type of reward program preferred - either points or rewards through National that get you free daily car rentals.   I'll be saving $25.00 using a discount advertised on line also for a week rental in Savannah Georgia upcoming.   I think I'm going to enjoy National Car rental.
5 This is basically the only rental company I use. This time I roll up to the Kiosk, and to my excitement in the executive ection they have a lovely new Suburban waiting for me. It was perfect, the best part is that I used my free days and 5 days in a Suburban for less than $70 bucks. Can't get any better.
4 My second favorite National office in the nation. They are super efficient and prepared for the rental pick up rush. easy pick-up, drop off and the staff is helpful. It lost a star because they never have as many cars as other large airport locations and the Atlanta National Executive isle is way better.
5 Couldn't believe how fast the service was here.  Rental car lines are famously slow.  I arrived to pick up my car at about 8am and was driving out of the parking lot by 8:30am  I also got to choose from about 5 different cars.  All of the employees were nice and efficient.   I love when there are no surprises!
3 Rented a car through hotwire.com and ended up with National to get a compact car.   I really didn't have any problems with the car or service but i definitely have rented better cars than this before.  I just needed car to get us to downtown and out to some random places outside the city so we chose the lowest grade of car.  When they say low end, they mean low. Happened to get the very last car on the lot which was a Yellow Chevy Aveo. I was disappointed because i saw other people in at least a Nissan Versa and when i got to the car it was like i didn't even know what to do with it.  The car was completely manually from each and every door lock (forgot how much of a luxury that auto door locks were), or the side mirrors had the little stick to adjust them by hand (had to stretch way over to adjust the passenger side), but at least it had AC and a Radio.
4 Efficiency! i love National Car Rental!   My boyfriend is a member of the Emerald Club so the system already has all his information as we are picking up a rental car.  The process involves none of those time-consuming paperwork filling out, credit check, insurance check, etc. etc.  It should take you no more than one minute to drive the car out from the lot, and takes prolly 30 seconds to return the car so you may hop onto the shuttle bus right away to the airport to catch your flight baby!
4 I love picking the car I want and going. Great concept!
5 my husband, son and i arrived with alot of baggage. i'm talking about 3 big suitcases, golf clubs, car seat, stroller and more personal bags. initially i had reserved a car at thifty. obviously all of our luggage would not fit in a compact they were trying to give to me at $150 (i reserved their wild card, where i thought i could get a upgrade). They tried to up sell me to a midsize, in which may fit our luggage at $200. my husband was upset, left and walked over to national, which is the company he normally use when he goes on frequent business trips. donna and craig were happy to pull some strings on a walk in and gave us a great rate of $222 for any car in the emerald exec. isle. which means we could get a mini van to lug all of our stuff. so we go out to the lot and was greeted by the manager, tim, who assisted us with our luggage and suggested a tahoe for us. WHAT? a brand new tahoe, riding in style, for no extra hidden charges?!?! why not!!! we were even MORE happy and drove off feeling satisfied! thank you donna, craig and tim for starting our vacation off on the right foot!!
4 Emerald Club selection was a little thin, but I have rarely had any bad experiences with National.
4 I typically use Alamo when I come to Vegas, but since joining the Emerald Club earlier this year I've been using National exclusively.  As you well know, Emerald Club members can skip the counter and choose any car in the Emerald Aisle. Unfortunately, at 6:00pm on a Saturday night, said Aisle was looking a little spartan. Most cars there are at least in the Standard class, but that night it was mostly filled with crappy Dodge Avengers and Chevy Impalas.   I was gonna take a black Impala but some other people beat me to it. There was a white one next to it so I ended up taking that one. It was a fully loaded model with leather, sunroof, remote start and working XM radio. Even though it's a pretty plain car, it was pretty comfortable. It's classified as a full-size car and I paid the intermediate rate of like $20 a day.  Returning was pretty easy. They scan the barcode, punch in the mileage and make sure the gas is full. I get the receipts emailed to me so I didn't even have to wait for one to print out.  National/Alamo make the car rental process so easy...you'd be a fool not to use them.
2 This location's emerald club aisle always has very limited car selection. I came here 3x and never really got a nice car. Last time I was here, there were only 4 Chrysler 200 to choose from.
4 This National runs very efficiently. There are a ton of cars available every time I have come here and even when its busy they handle it well. The only gripe I have is that the location is so far from the airport. Its like a 10 min shuttle ride. So make sure you give yourself enough time to catch a flight. So many people come and go at once that their shuttle lines can get long. I'm a bit more feisty so I fight my way to the front of the pack to make sure I get on the first shuttle that arrived. With Emerald club service here, you can just jump in the car you want and drive to the exit gate to check out. Quick and easy.
5 I use National pretty exclusively.  I am at the executive elite usage level which makes using a rental car company stupidly easy and convenient.  The staff in this location are warm , friendly and helpful.  The facility is well located and really nice.  Great job!
5 I rent at this location 12-15 times a year and I LOVE IT!!!  The staff here is incredible, so helpful and friendly.  I love going right from the shuttle-bus to my vehicle.  Further, the return couldn't be easier... pull in and there ALWAYS someone to check the vehicle in.  The receipt is e-mailed to my account in seconds... well before I even hit the escalator to go to the shuttle.  The vehicles are new, low-milage and clean as a whistle!!!  I'm a HUGE fan of National!!!
