4 When one wakes up with a hang over that rivals that of being hit by a Mack Truck, nothing beats driving over to Sonic Burger with your friends in the same car you passed out in the night before.   Everything on their menu screams all american fast food greatness from their chili cheese tater tots to their foot long coney's to their famous limeades. And the best part? You can either go through the drive thru or opt to pull into one of their many stalls and eat in your car!   Thank you Sonic for providing me with the basic nessecities of life on those never ending Saturday/Sunday mornings after a night of painting the town red.
1 NO! NO! NO! Aren't the slushes supposed to be slushy? Not here! My brother order a strawberry slush and got water with strawberry flakes and weird ass shaped ice cubes...What the hell is that?! I saw the slush machine. Where the hell did they get these ice cubes from? Oh and thanks for the taking our order of Breakfast toasters and burritos. I really enjoyed getting on the freeway and eating damn chicken burgers.
3 I am trying to avoid rating chains these days, but I felt a disturbance in the Sonic Force. As if millions of chocolate malt loving voices cried out in terror and then were suddenly silenced.  For some reason, I was craving a malt. I tried my cousin's dark chocolate malt at Steak N Shake a few days ago and it just wasn't "malty" enough for my taste. So I headed down to the Sonic drive-thru today and I heard five spine-tingling words. "We no longer have malts."  WHAT?  I promptly put my car back in drive and left (good thing you're not sandwiched in like most drive-thrus). I wonder if this is a nationwide epidemic.  In all seriousness, Sonic does serve good food. But if they no longer do malts, that's an epic fail.  No malt = 2 stars Food overall = 3 stars (and their shakes and slushes are still good)
1 Been here before of course, but what ruined this experience, they didn't put our lids to our shakes on tight!  Yeaaaaa!  They went all over the stearing wheel, emergency break, stick shift ect...Ruined exerience!  Check your stuff before you drive!  Accident waiting to happen
5 Just tried the new Wholly Guacamole hotdog and WOW, best hot dog ever!!  It's kind of hard to put it into words, but the combination of flavors are just spiritual...
5 Half off shakes after 8. Vanilla Cherry Malt... MMMMMM tasty. 2 bucks and change for a huge shake.
4 Being that I am the ruling figure of this establishment, I should draft a review. I dont understand the gripe with this location. I dont think that I have ever waited more than 2 cars. The food is always fresh and my only niggle it that they may be a little skint on the caramel a,d hotfudges and it may take a little polite "goading" to get results. Which isn't horrible. They make good custom drinks and they keep the kiddoes happy. Ive been here at wee hours of the morning to very late at night, and service has always been consistently good.
2 I got their cheeseburger with bacon and chili cheese tator tots. Something was realllly off with my burger. It just kept giving me a weird taste in my mouth and to this day I still haven't been able to figure out what it was. My boyfriend got the toaster though and he loved it and was absolutely raving about it. The tator tots were ok but nothing special. Overall decent experience but wouldn't come back here. We stopped in only because there are very few sonic's around where I live in California. Just not really a fan.
4 I frequent this location the most since it is closest to my house. There's always great text deals and usually they're pretty fast.  The shakes are really filling but hey if you're down with that go for it -- after 8pm they're half price!  The other great thing?  Breakfast ALL DAY.  I'm in love with their burritos, and every so often I get the text for all-day 99 cent breakfast burritos.  Awesome!
5 I have to say that if I get what I want, in the expected amount of time, delivered with great service, and it is so good it keeps me coming back for more...you deserve 5 stars. Thank you Sonic for delivering one great diet cherry limeade after another!
1 I'm so sad about this experience. Sonics is rare from where I am from, so I was so excited to see it in passing. I've had it a couple of times while I was up in Northern California in school, but I remember I noted NOT to order the food. I thought maybe this was a different situation and maybe Sonics could redeem themselves.   We stopped by here to grab some food and a slush. I got the watermelon slush and the chicken strips. The watermelon slush was alright; it tasted of fake fruit concentrate, but the slushes are so refreshing on a hot day. However, my styrofoam cup somehow had a hole on the bottom, which didn't mean good news for my clothes and the rental car. I was so grateful to have worn black that day.   Chicken strips were dry and tasteless. Totally verifies my "never order food at Sonics" theory. Probably won't be craving this for a while, and not so sad that it's rare around my area.
4 Went through the drive thru. The menu is open to all breakfast to dinner stuff. Lots of specialty drinks with no alcohol :) and deserts. I got the spicy chicken sandwich on focaccia bread with tatter tots. The tots were great dipped in Ranch dressing. At first I thought the sandwich was to small for the price. But it was delicious and it filled me. My husband got the foot long Coney dog and a breakfast burrito. He says no complaints was flavorful and filling. I can tell you it had a lot of onions on one of them cause just the smell :) We will definitely be back fresh food and great.
5 I love this burger joint. The drive thrus are awesome. get the cherry limeades when you are there, it is very refreshing and delicious. the coney dogs are great too. not to expensive at all if you got a budget and they are very quick.
3 I am not a big fan of there food but there slushes are the best.
3 The drive-thru at this location is open 24 hours, which is very convenient for those "midnight cravings."   The food tastes great, but sometimes all the greasiness over powers everything and just makes me feel gross. I usually buy a Powerade Mountain Blast Slush or a Grape Slush to wash down some chili cheese tots, which in hindsight is totally unhealthy every way you look at it, LOL.  When I'm craving something really sweet, I always get their French Toast sticks.   Service here is average.
3 Stop here for lunch often. I usually go through the drive-thru. This time I opted to park and eat. The person (lady) on the speaker was nice, got my order correct etc... I waited approx 15bminutes for my food (grilled chicken sandwich, tots add cheese and a side of jalapeños... One medium diet cherry lime aide). The lady who brought my food out apologized for the wait and was very friendly...The neighborhood is decent, sonic is sandwiched in between to car repair shops.
4 Super friendly staff!!   We went late at night and some anonymous employee just gave us our drink because of the long wait and our small order of a cherry limeade.   I like the snacks they have but make sure you ask for marinara and any extra side because drive thru doesn't put a courtesy one in there for ya.  prettty good for a late night snack plus its in my neighborhood.
2 The service was very friendly. The food was terrible. Burger and fries tasted old and were cold.
2 I ordered 2 things & when I got to the window young Anna recited only one item to me to confirm my order, I corrected her, and her dead eyes locked with mine and said "oh....." Awkward pause "yeah"....... In short,  I hope she was just really stoned because if not she possessed the personality of a tube sock.  Food was good.
1 We come here all the time but lately they can't seem to get an order right!!! Why is it that I have to check my order both at the drive thru, the window and when it gets to my car it's still wrong!?!  Why do you bother confirming my order if you are just going to give me whatever you want at the window? It's like playing Russian roulette!!! Totally disappointed.
