1 I rented a house from Re-Sys for over 2 years and had a very mixed experience.  Getting any maintenance done was a nightmare.  That have one poor woman trying to manage hundreds of properties.  She is overwhelmed and grouchy.    Calls to the office are rarely returned.    I have filed several complaints with the state of nevada due to their poor response time especially when kids and animals are involved.  If your AC goes out in the summer, I would recommend booking a hotel ASAP.  Minimum turnaround on any repair is a week.  When I moved out they kept 10% of my deposit for stuff that wasn't cleaned.  I paid a maid crew to clean that stuff specifically, and I am still fighting with them to get my money back.   In one word:  BEWARE
2 I recently got through with a rental managed by RESYS and it started out well with the rental agent showing the house and being very friendly and accommodating. However, the house was not cleaned very well and after move in I discovered several areas that needed a thorough cleaning - namely the bathrooms and kitchen appliances (stove especially). Throughout the lease there were various repairs that were needed and it does take a few days for them to contact the owner and get approval - so although they do get done there is definitely a delay from when a problem is reported and when it is serviced. My biggest complaint is upon my move out there are extensive clean-up requirements such as professional carpet cleaning (that you must show a receipt for - approx. $275) and providing utility bills for all utilities showing there are unpaid balances, etc. I performed all of them, yet was still deducted over $200 for a cleaning deposit after having the carpet professionally cleaned and a maid service do the rest - leaving the house in much better condition than when they leased it to me. So, if you are considering renting a property managed by them be aware of these issues.  Also, they moved to Rainbow/Alta - they are no longer on Edna.
4 Been renting a house here in Las Vegas since December 2009, and it's been an overall good experience with Resys Real Estate as our property managers.    There have been times where it seemed to take a very long time to get a response about a maintenance issue, but that's rare.  Overall, they are very responsive, and when it's very important and urgent, they are right on top of it.  They're generally very friendly, but everyone has their bad days.  I can think of one time that the person I spoke with over the phone was a bit rude, but most of the time she's super friendly and helpful, so I let it go.  Overall, a great experience.    One complaint - they frequently take forever to deposit our check, which can be frustrating when we're trying to balance our checkbook.  I know...I know...how can I complain that they're too slow taking my money?  lol
1 DON T USE THIS COMPANY!! VERY UNPROFESSIONAL AND VERY SHADY! I am the owner and they refuse to give me the money that was owed to me. OH I mean they issued me the money and then PUT A STOP PAYMENT ON IT! This was after the tenants moved  out early, broke the lease and then I waited 30 days after. Also they NEVER came to check my house to conduct a quarterly inspection as promised. I have yet to receive my money and continue to get the run around!
1 If I could rate this crappy management company a 0 I would. Constant delays for maintenance. It took them 3+ months to come back and replace a blind. Rude front office staff. They look at you as if you're a piece of filth they have to clean up. Shady shady shady business. A plumber came to remove over 10 years of hair in a clogged drain and we were charged the bill even though we've lived in the place for 3 months. Upon move out we had the place professionally cleaned and the carpets professionally cleaned yet they wanted to take out a cleaning from our deposit. They have our receipts and are trying to pull that crap. We had to call repeatedly to get our deposit back and 8 days past the Nevada law that says the check has to be in our hands within 30 days they still didn't cut the check. Their general contractor is full on ripping them off and raising the prices 400% to get more money out of them. Never ever EVER do business with this company. They will rip you off. I'm reporting them to the BBB first thing tomorrow morning. And we're probably going to court over all this. Save yourself the headache and don't do business with this shady company.
1 I would NOT recommend going through ReSys. However, if you do, MAKE SURE YOUR READ EVERY WORD AND ARE COMFORTABLE WITH THE LEASE. (I was in an extremely tight time crunch, didn't do this, and suffered the consequences.)  There is nothing in there to help the tenant when there is a problem. When a window cracks due to heat and poor craftsmanship, you have to replace it on your own dime. We had multiple maintenance issues that were never fully addressed. (Ex. Sliding back door didn't latch so they gave us a too-long shower bar that intruders could get past. Lack of grout in our toddler's bathroom caused tiles to break and become sharp. They added grout without replacing the sharp tiles.)  Some of their employees are friendly, others are not.   Our biggest issue with them is that we moved out in the middle of a month and they didn't give us the last half of the month's rent back. We followed all of their procedures (even though they didn't follow their own) but the lease says you "may" be reimbursed the prorated amount.   I would advise anyone looking to rent in the Las Vegas area to stay away.
1 I own a rental property & Resys is our current prop mangmnt.  If I can give this company a negative 5, I certainly would.  First of all, they never answer their phone.  Secondly, they never have your best interest in mind.  For example: Our electric bill went sky high whenever ReSys tours potential tenants around our house cuz the air condition & electricity is probably on max the entire time.  Also, whenever tenants move out, be ready to spend THOUSAND of dollars to put back your property to "livable" conditions.  As some reviewers already have mentioned, ReSys will take on their own "fees" for a simple job, such as calling in plumbers, etc. One time, they charged us $8 just to screw in a light bulb!!  WTH?!?!  What amounts to a small fee which should only cost hundreds of dollars, can be inflated to thousands of dollars.  Basically they will become leeches once they know that landowners live out of state.  I Do not recommend... stay away and use someone else!!!!!!
1 All of you potential Renters, Do yorself a favor and do not do business with this property management company. They will do everything than can to keep a major part of your deposit. My wife and I Rented a single family home in 2011. Needless to say the management company was totally unorganized. We were given just one mailbox key and I had to go to the HOA to get a pedestrian key for the gate. I do a lot of walking and found this neccesary. Also I was not provided with garage door remotes and had to spend time and purchase my own. During our tenure at this property many items were in need of repair. Some were fixed and some were refused attention. After two yearly inspections the inspectors remarked how well we took care of the property. After almost 3 years we had enough of neglected repairs and decided to move. My intial deposit of $ 1800 was not completely returned. $ 735 was withheld. The vacate instructions states that you do no have to paint. I had plastered and applied texture to any defects in the walls.$ 450. was witheld with regards to painting. $ 50 witheld for a second mailbox key which I never recieved. $ 50 administation fee ? $ 85 tennenat repairs?. And also I has hired a cleaning company that they recommened before moving out in which I paid $240 to clean as per their instructions. They held $ 100 for cleaning of blinds and windows. The cleaning company has remarked that this is a inappropriate charge.  I am in the process of legal action however do not do business with this company. Also why do they get away with holding your deposit for a considerable amount of time and not pay you interest. I understand its a small amount however is that ethical. Stay away I cannot stress this enough. Beware of RE/SYS property management company Also I might add that their staff is rude and condescending. If you have to rent they treat you like a second class citizen. Go elsewhere probably can not be worse..                                                                                                                           Greg F
4 I wanted to post an updated current review, as I am surprised to see so many negative reviews.  We are still renting that same house and have very few problems or complaints with them.  It's not perfect, but we have not had the nightmare experience many have described here.  Some of the contractors aren't so good, but that's not resys, and it's never been horrendous.  The owners of our house have a home warranty on the place, so the home repairs are taken care of quickly.  Anything we pay out of pocket is taken out of the next month's rent with no issues.  We've never had our mail returned to us when we pay our rent either.  Again, our only headache is it often takes too long for them to deposit our rent check.  I would consider using them again.
1 This is how they treated a property owner who was with them for OVER SIXTEEN years! Horrible company!  Our house was two years old when we handed it over to them and moved back to California. Over the years we always spent the recommended amounts to do their recommended work. Removed linoleum and replaced it with tile, re-carpeted, spent an outrageous amount, about 2K back to back for A/C repairs.  I called them on that and reminded them we had just spent the same amount the prior year and it should be under some kind of warranty, but they didn't have records, they expected me to have them...This started raising red flags. They told me my tenant moved out without notice but offered his deposit in lieu of rent, which I accepted.  They sent me a ridiculous bid of over 2k to get the house ready for the next tenant.  We saw the pictures they sent us and knew it would be less than $500 to do it ourselves.  I replied to their email asking them to use a portion of the amount they had saved for us to do $250 dollars worth of the repair.  They suddenly did not have that money.  Even though they had only dealt with me and primarily via email, they said my husband "called" and told them to release the funds to the tenant!  I show up at my house to do the work and the code they gave me worked for the lock box, but there was only one key!  My house requires two separate keys because it has an iron door in addition to the main door.  I call them and they said someone must have "tampered" with the lock box, who would open  a lock box and take one out of two keys?  I tell them I am tired and need to get into my house.  They tell me to call a locksmith.  I tell them they should have one they deal with and that I do not see how it is my responsibility to pay when they obviously lost one key and they give me to the manager Margo, or similar name.  The manager says her person told her someone tampered with he lock box and therefore they will not pay.  Long story short, I hired a locksmith on my own dime.  I dropped Re Sys and signed a contract with a new Real estate company the same day!  I hope my nightmare is over but their incompetency is so outrageous that I have a feeling my "novel like" review for their company is to be continued.....Stay tuned!  Oh, by the way, my ex-tenant left due to a divorce but lives with his mother in the neighborhood.  He stopped to say hi, gave Re Sys a horrible review and said he gave then a SIXTY Day NOTICE that he would be moving out!
1 We moved in to a  town house and was renting from resys and the real estate agent Karen said it was move in ready and we received our keys and entered the town home and it was not move in ready the town home smelled like it was a smoking zone and the walls needed to be painted and Karen said that they were painted and the carpet looked like crap we steam cleaned and the water was completely black and it still smelled like smoke so we did dishes and we heard this weird sound we ran to the kitchen and saw water spitting out of the sink we opened the dish washer was completely plugged. The next day we called resys and told them and they called us a LIAR! we were very disatified with the service that we got. we sent them emails and letters and never got a responce. Before we moved out we got a carpet company to clean the carpets. Then we moved out and  the real estate agent said the carpets were dirty and the town home smelled like smoke. we gave them the carpet cleaning recipt and they cut it out of the inspection letter. They also charged us for carpet cleaning, door replacments and a power wash in the front the front yard was clean when we moved out do not trust resys. The town home is now being leased by a diffrent real estate company.
