5 A moment of silence for those who have passed away and their tombstones engraved on yelp.........  Blessed Be!
5 My brother was diagnosed with metastasized lung cancer in early Jan 2013.  He passed away in less than a month. I was his Medical Power of Attorney. He did not want treatment and probably was not eligible. We were told it was time for Hospice and I live in another state. The doctor at the rehab Hosp recommended a Hospice that was 20 miles from home so his friends could not easily visit and had it terrible reviews on Yelp. He was scheduled to go in the morning. In the middle of the night, I found these reviews and began looking for somewhere else. I found Nathan Adelson, read the reviews and took a giant leap of faith and had him sent there instead. It has relieved so much of the pain of the loss for me to know that he went to such a lovely place with the most compassionate people I have ever met. I only wish he could have gone there sooner. His nausea was managed so he could eat, the nurses got him everything he wanted to eat, even offering to go get him a hamburger! He was pain-free and his kids were allowed to be there for as long as they wanted to stay. He could talk on the phone. He was clean. His dignity was preserved. He said I found him a wonderful place. I have re-played that comment from him over and over in my mind, with tremendous satisfaction. I have had such sadness and regret when other family members have passed away that they were in pain and frightened in hospitals. It has taken so much pain and regret out of his loss for me to know that I was able to place him in such a lovely place and keep him comfortable. It was inevitable we were going to lose him but it was so good that if he could not be home, he was in the next best place with the loving, intelligent people to guide the family along the path. Thank you, everyone at Nathan Adelson ~
5 My dad passed away on November 18, 2013 in the care of the wonderful people of Nathan Adelson.  I cannot even put into words how grateful I am for the compassion they showed to my father and to my family.  Mike, the nurse who attended to my dad the day he passed was absolutely amazing.   We couldnt have asked for more peaceful surroundings at this difficult time.  Thank you, each and every one of you who assisted.
5 My dad was diagnosed with prostate and bone cancer near the beginning of 2012.  But in mid-February 2014, things got much worse.  He was hospitalized for awhile but we knew that he wouldn't get better.  Some in the family hesitated - the thought of hospice as "a place where people go to die" made that decision difficult. We wouldn't be able to take care of him at home and keeping him in the hospital, when nothing  more could be done, seemed kind of cruel and senseless.  We'd great things about Nathan Adelson and after a meeting, my family decided that would be the best place for my dad.  After my dad was admitted, I went straight there.  The place was peaceful. After signing in, you go to one of several public areas (tastefully decorated,with a sofa and a large TV, as well as the reception desk), each staffed with a nurse, surrounded by a few patient rooms, so the nurse to patient ratio is very good, and the nurse is very close if anything is needed.  There are patios that, if the patient is well enough, can go out and get some fresh air.  They not only allow, but encourage that family pets be brought in to comfort the patient.  The staff are all professional, compassionate and dedicated to making the patient's final days as comfortable as possible.  The patient rooms have several chairs and more can be brought in, so that visitors feel welcome.  There is even a comfy recliner right next to the patient's bed, in case a loved-one wants to stay overnight.  There is also a TV, if the patient is able to watch or even hear it.  All of the staff members were very kind and helpful with any questions or concerns we had.  The nurses looked in on him at least once an hour, and never made us feel like we were in the way.  If there were moment when none of us could be there, we never had to worry  - we knew the staff would take good care of dad.  As cliche as it might sound, my dad was allowed to leave this world in peace, surrounded by many loved ones.    The Chaplain at the hospice was very kind and unobtrusive.  He asked if he might pray for my dad each day.  He was such a pleasant person that we asked him to perform my dad's service and he did so gladly.  He met with any family member who wished to have input, asked many questions about my father (things he enjoyed in life, what was important to him, what he was like, any funny stories we might have about him, any scriptures or poems we might like recited) and gave a beautiful service, incorporating stories and information about my dad, so that all attending might know him a little better or be reminded of some of his characteristics or funny moments, truly able to celebrate his life.  Nathan Adelson was able to make my dad's final days as nice as possible with a great staff, peaceful environment and a facility that was friendly to visitors.  Their chaplain was able to help us move on, by not only praying for my father while he was alive, but also, by giving a wonderful service.
5 I'm sitting here in my Dad's room at Nathan Adelson as I type.  My dad was brought here from a long -term critical care facility.  The first thing they did was wash him down with a lavender bath.  My dad has been in a vegetative coma state since the 1st of May.  My dad has been taken off life support and resting in his final days here.  I am so thankful for the nurse that contacted my family and came to the hospital.  We came and took a tour before we decided to bring him here, it was the best choice ever.  This is such am amazing peaceful place to spend your final days.  Even though my dad is in a coma, he is resting peacefully.  They are giving him the medicine he needs to rest and stay comfortable.  They treat all of us so good here.  If you are looking for a peaceful loving place to either have your loved ones or yourself stay for your final days in Las Vegas, this is the place to be.  I thought that hospice was a place to die, but instead its a place to peacefully go to the next level.  Many loves to all who have an experience here.
