5 Just recently purchased a bed for my new place here.  The selection was great, the staff is very friendly and helpful without being pushy which was a big deal to me. I'd been to so many places shopping for a mattress and sales people are just breathing down my neck and trying to get me to buy something before I've even sat on it. Drove me right out the front door.  NOT HERE!  The prices were great as well.  They charge for delivery but it's a one-time only fee of 89.95. So if I was to go back next week and order a dresser and a couch there would be no additional delivery charge!  They really worked with me to get a convenient delivery time which I really appreciated.   The delivery showed up on time, set everything up for me fast and friendly, no sweat!  Really enjoyed my experience here and will definitely shop here again!
1 There's no reason to be cheap on hiring better delivery workers, they were very rude and acted like they didn't want to be there.
4 I have been here twice.  The first time, we purchased our couch.  Today, I purchased a bed.   The mom and son who run this store are kind, and caring, without being stalkers. I am not comfortable with people breathing down my neck, but I don't want to be ignored either.  The mom usually sticks to the desk, making phone calls and orders... and the son is the one who usually is walking the floor. Today, while looking for a bed, the son helped me with whatever I needed. Helping me make comparisons, and really had decent information.  He let me lay on any bed I wanted to, pulled back the cover and gave me a memory foam pillow for my head.  Once you pay their delivery fee, you never pay for it again. BONUS.  The only bad things that we have experienced with them is that it took them a week to deposit my payment check.... it always makes me feel like a payment is lost.  When my husband called and asked when our new bed was going to be delivered, the woman told him that we were "off the beaten path" for them..... Maybe I should remember that when I go furniture shopping next time.   Went in today, 1/31/14. I had called and spoke with the "mother". I told her that there was a plastic part of my bed frame that had broke. She told me to just come in and pick one up.  I went to the 3rd bedroom in my house, and saw that two were broken.  I brought this up to the son, while the mom was on the phone. She over heard me ask for two, and kind of gave me the look of death.  "You said you only needed one."  Well, sorry, before I drove the 26 miles to get here, I saw that there were two broken.
5 What a wonderful experience! Phyllis and her son (Mike?) were extremely friendly and very helpful. They let us browse for a while without ever getting pushy. When we had questions, they answered honestly and without regard to selling us the highest priced items. Their input and advice was also appreciated. As a result, we ended up buying an entire apartment's worth of furniture for our daughter, who just relocated to Vegas. And all items were delivered in a couple days. This will be our first, and probably last, stop for any further furniture needs.
1 Just moved into town and spent a couple days visiting various furniture stores. Came across this small family owned store and immediately found the exact couch and style I wanted for the exact price range i was looking for.  The family that runs this place is super friendly and very knowledgeable about furniture. Although the showroom floor doesn't have as big of a selection as some other stores in town, they offer a bunch of catalogs to order from.   Their one time delivery charge could be the only potential downside for this place. If you're in the market to buy multiple pieces of furniture like me, this one time charge is great as you do not have to pay it again to have any additional pieces you buy delivered. However, if you're only looking to purchase a specific item, the delivery charge is really high compared to other locations.   Overall, great establishment!  ****UPDATE 2/28/2014****  As you can see, my review for this place started off great but that has drastically changed.   First - I purchased my couch last Saturday and was told to expect my delivery by the following Friday(today). I received a phone call attempting to schedule delivery next Tuesday in the afternoon and was a little bummed out as I was really hoping to have my new couch and finally be able to relax in my apartment during the weekend. I asked for an earlier delivery date but was advised that there unfortunately was not one available. I'm pretty reasonable and understood that there could have been multiple factors as to why the couch would not be available for delivery until this time and just accepted it.   What happened next is what really got to me..  Second - I began to proceed with scheduling delivery on the following Tuesday and had politely advised that I would not be home until the evening and requested that delivery be made after 5:30pm. The immediate response I got was that they did not deliver in the evenings. I was confused because one of the specific questions I asked when purchasing this couch was if they were able to accomodate deliveries after 6pm because of my schedule. Both the lady behind the desk and Mike(salesman) enthusiastically replied with "yes, of course! we offer time specific deliveries as late as 7pm and offer Saturday deliveries!" I clearly remember this conversation because that was one of the determining factors in purchasing my couch from this establishment as oppose to others. She agreed to schedule my delivery for 5:30pm but I now will have to request to leave work early to accomodate this delivery time as I get off work at 5pm and know that it takes half an hour to get home due to traffic.  At first I was very pleased with this place but now just feel like the staff are your typical sales reps that will say anything to get you to give them your money. If I hadn't already paid for their 'one-time' delivery charge, which I am now skeptical about, I would definitely not be coming back to this place because of their poor business etiquette.   IF anyone decides to do business here, I highly suggest getting everything relayed to you in writing.
1 I haven't even had this bed a year, & the frame on it broke.  I went in to get replacement parts. By mistake, I said that I only needed 1 part instead of 2. Phyllis made her annoyance with me clear.   "You said you only needed one." In a snarl that would have frightened a lion.  Sorry. If the frame you had provided me stayed intact, I wouldn't have to make the drive of 30miles to get here.   The stitching on the bed has started to come loose, exposing the mattress material. There are also threads coming undone on the surface.  3/6/14 I contact them via FB with a picture. Their response- "Don't worry, this company has one of our best warranties. Let me look up your information and I will contact you shortly."  They tell me that they are going to order me a new bed. They call me on the 12th to set up a time. We decided on the 15th, at 1030.  3/15 I get a call, 30minutes before the delivery from Phyllis. Telling me that they never received my bed. That she has called the company over & over again with no answer.   So..... In the 3days that we haven't talked, you never got my replacement. You don't even let me know the night before.   Unless you get early deliveries (on a saturday) before you load up your truck, you STILL knew that you did NOT have my bed.   I clear out my morning to wait around for your drivers, &  you don't even give me the common courtesy of more than 30minutes?   -a few hours later- Phyllis tells me that they will have my mattress Tuesday. We set up a delivery for the 19th at noon.  The truck arrives at 1215, and the guys need to "look" at my mattress before they give me my new one. The mattress itself has 2 stains on it, which one of the guys takes pictures of.. then stepped outside to call Phyllis.  The picture snapper comes back inside & tells me that my mattress is no now longer under warranty.  I guess stains have something to do with the stitching of my bed..? They don't give me my new mattress, say sorry, and drive off.  Let me be crystal clear. NO ONE from Furniture Markdowns told me that stains(or anything, for that matter) on my bed would VOID the warranty.  Also, I **NEVER received warranty information on my mattress.  Not on my receipt, not a booklet, not even a website on a napkin!   Because if they did, I wouldn't have cleared 2days out of my life to try and get this fixed. I wouldn't have played phone tag with them for the last week.  They claim to be a "family" business, but they are only going for what benefits THEIR family. I will NEVER EVER buy from this store ever again.   *Response to owner's comment & Private message 3/27/14 ""This is Mike.  I first want to apologize, I never want to see one of our customers this upset.   When we spoke about your mattress I asked you if it was still clean and you said yes.  On your word we paid for a new mattress  (which is how this company works, we pay for the new mattress and they credit us when they get the damaged one back), had it delivered to us, and paid my gentleman to deliver and exchange out the mattress to you.  My delivery drivers know they have to check the mattress because our mattress companies will not take back any soiled mattress's.   The companies don't know what the soiling is and will not except them back at the factory with any stains.   It is the mattress companies policy and their warranty we have to follow.  It is the same with Serta, Simmons, Spiring Air and Sealy, all of which we have sold.  I am sorry for this, but again it's the manufacturers policy.  If there is something we can do please let us know.""  *** ONCE AGAIN.  You never asked me if the mattress was stained. If you had asked me if it was STAINED, I would have told you.  Multiple stains..? Uh, no.  Two. See picture.  It's posted on Yelp & FB. I've never hid that fact.  If your drivers know to check for stains, maybe someone should have came out and checked my bed before you ordered the replacement.  Believe me, I have better things to do with my time then try & set up delivery for a bed that isn't replaceable.  I would have accepted the fact that the warranty was voided and went on with my life.  I was never given any paperwork or warranty information on this mattress.... Whether it's "standard" or not, handing out warranty information on the PRODUCTS THAT YOU SELL it's probably a good business practice.   You bought a new mattress-that you can SELL-or send back..(?)  In the last year, I've spent at least $2000 at your store. I'm sure you can afford to pay them when they were at my house for 7minutes.  Unless you are going to replace my bed that is falling apart, please don't waste your time in contacting me anymore.  THANKS.  *********** 7/20/2014 The frame on my bed has broke ONCE AGAIN. TWO TIMES IN THE LAST 10 MONTHS! ONLY JUNK IS SOLD HERE!
