5 Great guy! He's been there forever n tailors to some celebrities that have shows on the strip. He's old school Italian guy, treats u like familia as soon as u walk in. He took in my wedding dress perfectly n only charged $35 because he liked that I was from Hawaii n the bride to be :)
1 If i could leave zero stars, i would. I was in the other day and overheard Joe talking very badly about another customer, which is a very bad sign. He comes across very nice to your face, then talks about you behind your back. He is also extremely sexist - old school Italian machismo i guess. I overheard things I cannot repeat here, I couldn't believe my ears. He may be a decent men's tailor, but what a D-Bag.
5 Joe Milano is the best tailor/alterations specialist in the Vegas valley hands down. He made the dress my wife worn to her son's wedding look like a custom made gown. Great personality to boot. Go see Joe-you won't be sorry!
5 Needed a last minute suite in Las Vegas and I found Milano's fashions here on yelp. Great service, owner Joe is very knowledgable and had my suite fitted and altered the same day. They have a great selection and the service was amazing!!!
1 I wish I could give this place zero stars. I was in here a few weeks ago and left a shirt that needed to be altered. I have never met Joe before but he came off as a real nice guy. Then he started talking about the current events going on in the world and said that Justin Bieber needed to stop hanging out with the (N-word) and go back to his country. (Red flag should have left) He then told me my shirt would be an easy alteration and could get it back to me in one week. I thought that was okay because I needed it for 8 days later. I go back a week later 1 day before I need my shirt and when I come to the door he has an "Oh No!" Look on his face and told me he totally forgot to do my shirt. After I thought he was joking about forgetting to do my shirt I asked him when it would be done and he said no later than the day I needed it at 3:45. So I go back the next day at exactly 3:45 and he still hasn't done my shirt when I need it 3 hours later. So he told me come back in an hour and it'll be done. so I did just that and sure enough when I get back he still doesn't have it done and tells me to wait in the lobby he has 10 minutes left on it. Now he is rushing and scrambling to get my shirt done and when I finally get it back 45 minutes later it looked awful. Not only was I late to my event because this slow poke couldn't finish my shirt but I also had an awful looking shirt. Everything was off about the shirt and it was terrible. I will never recommend this old Italian racist to anyone ever nor will I be giving him any business. This was awful. He also begged me not to write a review on him or tell anyone how slow he was at the alteration. To sum things up DONT GO TO JOE!!!
1 I don't understand why this guy has so many good reviews. He must treat people differently depending upon some kind of personal preference. He was sort of rude to me the first time I went to him.  And he kept me waiting weeks for a basic hem job. However, I wasn't in a rush for the item so I dealt with it. Like a dummy, I went back about a year later because he is the closest tailor to my house. I thought that being a repeat customer would count for something. His attitude was the same. In fact, he was even more obnoxious. Again he kept me waiting for a simple hem. Plus, he grossly overcharged for it. It was an easy job that I really could have done myself. I wish I had!  I thought about telling him off this time but didn't want to get myself all riled up about something as petty as "alterations". I decided to post negative reviews instead. Frankly, I think Joe is loosing his marbles. Now I have discovered  Ready Tux at the Boulevard Mall. I highly recommend them. They are much nicer, faster and cheaper!
5 My first 5* Yelp review.  Joe is awesome. I have been taking my suits to him for years now. Whenever I buy a new suit I can't wait to take it to Joe so he can make it look like it was flown in direct from Milan vs direct from the rack at Macy's.  His prices are just right and I would be willing to pay more for the level of service and standard of workmanship that Joe provides,  Keep it up Joe ! Don't change a thing !
