5 Over the past year I have had two surgeries with Dr. Glyman as part of my overall orthodontic treatment plan. The first surgery was to expand my palate and the other was to re-position my upper jaw. At the same time as the second surgery I also had my wisdom teeth removed.   Each time I was put under full anesthesia in the hospital. Considering the amount of work that was done to each time, involving having my jaw-bone cut and split,  I didn't experience too much pain or discomfort afterward, and the results were perfect.    You can tell that Dr. Glyman is a person who takes his job very seriously and takes pride in his work. His office staff were very helpful in coordinating with the hospital and with my insurance company.
1 I had a tooth that needed extraction.  My dentist tried twice and could not get it out.  She referred me to Dr. Glyman.  The appointment was made on Monday afternoon for Thursday afternoon.  I was given a referral sheet prepared by Dr Glyman's office giving me instruction as to what to do the day of surgery (not eat and have a ride).  I went all day without eating, arrived at Dr. Glyman's office early as requested (I took the afternoon off work).  Dr. Glyman's associate Eric Swanson made me wait for nearly an hour then spent five minutes with me.  Two minutes were to get my advice on the line of work I am an expert in, 30 seconds of his time was used to look at my tooth and tell me my dentist was correct, it need to be extracted and then two minutes to try to upsell me on surgery to prevent sleep apnea.  I was then told to make an appointment for the surgery as they are not a "MASH unit" that does surgery on the fly (his words).  I was then told if I thought the appointment was for surgery, as the referral sheet their office prepared stated, my dentist misinformed me.  I called the dentist who stated that she had in fact made an appointment for surgery.  Ultimately my dentist called Dr. Glyman's office and ended up telling them she will never refer another patient to them again.  She is so embarrassed that I was treated this poorly she has offered to cover my insurance copay.  She was then able to make an appointment with another oral surgeon for the next day that confirmed with me that he has the intent of putting me under and extracting the tooth as planned all in one appointment.
1 He was great in the beginning and I felt he would be the best surgeon, but after consultation and surgery, he was very unpleasant to deal with and super arrogant.  The pain was horrific and I ended up with permanent nerve damage.  He was rough and rude.  Not happy with the the long-term failed outcome.
5 Sorry
