2 It was like 18 bucks with a 2 dollar tip for a standard inside/outside car wash which seemed a little high even for a hand wash. They did a ok job on the outside but the inside needed work, and they did even take out the trash which had been pointed out ahead of time. You generally expect a little bit more for the money especially in Vegas. The Asian guy over on maryland  just up from Sahara does a better job for cheaper and takes pride in his business, that place was just closed for some reason that sunday so I had to find another hand car wash.
4 I thought this was a good, inexpensive car wash. My black car, with black interior, had been in a dirt storm with windows rolled down, but you would never know after it went through.  They were quick, inexpensive, and did a good job. Its only downfall is that it is not in the best neighborhood.
4 I have driven by this car wash for years without stopping in, and now I'm sorry about that - my husband asked me to take his car in to have it washed and I wasn't happy about the thought of going up to Maryland and Flamingo to Terrible's.  His secretary asked why I didn't take it right over to Pecos and Flamingo to the Oasis Hand wash = very nice experience.  I got the most expensive, the $21 wash, vacuum all that.  A few streaks on the window and a few places they didn't wipe all the drops off the car and it would have been five stars.  Quick and a pretty good job. There's a convenience store there and a little mexican restaurant, and you can stand in a viewing area to watch them work which is suspended over that area -- it was kinda nice.  Yeah, I will be back!
3 OK - was happy at first, then realized vacuuming was not done over most of the SUV, had to stop and do it myself - and it was supposed to be hand waxed - i watched them do the whole car and never saw that happen. The wash was good - but in Vegas - it was dusty 5 minutes after the wash. The car mats came up clean, and I suppose it is better than terribles self-drive-through-and-we-dont-dry-it-anymore, however, for $50 plus tip i expected better
2 Sucks - don't go here, go somewhere else if you actually want you car cleaned. I expected better for the $50+
5 For a standard car wash ... They are the best in town.. I come here weekly.. They have discounts on gas with a wash and a free wash after 10 as well as pleasant people and good work!
4 A very good inexpensive car wash--inexpensive because I was using my expiring Groupon which pretty much made this a $12 wash (including tip).    It begins by driving up to the area where they take you car and vacuum it, then had you a ticket to pay/show your Groupon.  Then, you can walk upstairs to the viewing area to see where they hose off your car, handwash, then run it through a regular car wash (spray to remove the suds and then a wax).  Someone jumps in at the end so that they can move your car to the other area where they dry it with towels, clean the interior glass and wipe down the console/get the mats.  They also spray and wipe down your tires, too.  Someone came up to me and asked if I wanted to have the windshield repaired, since I had a tiny crack on the glass.  I opted out, mostly because I didn't know that they offered this service, and also because I was only there for a car wash.  My only gripes are that they aren't located in the best part of town, and when I got my brother's car washed at night, I essentially had to be on guard outside.  I also thought that they could've done a better job of wiping down the console, as well as the interior part (by the speedometer and gas gauge).  Yes, I know that this is nit-picky, but I would've thought that they'd do that.    I do know that they didn't attempt to clean out the inner console, since it was untouched.  Same with the glove compartment.  I was happy about that, since I tend to have a lot of crap in the glove.  They also didn't touch the interior compartments, which I wish they would've at least wiped down.  All in all, I was really happy with the service, especially for the $12 I spent for interior/exterior work.  I never thought that my car would stay clean, since it's a black car with black interior.  Just what I needed after a trip to Mt. Charleston. :)  I hope to be back again, since they offer a gas discount, and gave me a frequent buyer's card for the car washes--after 10 of them, the 11th is free.  I'd definitely come back to this place and make sure that I tell them what needs to be done...
4 From California on vacation and I really needed a car wash....I don't let other people wash my car.. But after reading some of the reviews.. I  was like OK lets do it.... I was pretty happy with the results.....specially with my car being black they made sure I didn't get any water spots.... nice.. will do it again if I ever go back to Vegas....
1 When I pay $24 for a car wash, silly me, I expect my car to come back clean.  I tried these folks today after a year of ignoring them because, last time, they left huge smudges on the windshield and mirrors, so I ended up having to go and wipe those down with Windex myself.   Today, I go back - the usual window smudges are there, but now we get the additional joy of some sort of crap all over my door handles and passenger side door. When I pointed it out to the guy, instead of saying, "Oh, sorry" and wiping it down properly, he argued, saying that it was just water spots. Well, fuckstick, if I wanted water spots on my car, I'd go a block further down Flamingo and use the machine for $7, instead of coming to you for over three times that.   Nope. Done with these clowns.
5 they did an excellent job cleaning my rented van! it had sand, dust and all kinds of dirt caked on to it from doing some off-roading in the desert the day before and these guys handled it like pros! or should i say they ARE pros! i bought the $16.95 package and it was well worth it. they hand wash your car vacuum the inside put tire dressing and wipe it down after the wash.they even went in the door jams and all the little nooks and crannies and wiped all the water away. there wasnt a single water spot or trace of dirt anywhere on the car. there are at least 5 guys working on your car so everything gets done right. the car came out looking better then when i picked it up at the rental agency. i think next time im in Vegas i might get my car washed here again even if its not dirty cus last time it looked freshly waxed and it was so nice and clean on the inside too!
4 For a standard car wash its $19.95 (comes with tire shine and air freshener). On occasion Groupon will have deals here.  It is all hand wash and hand dried.  If you come here frequently you can eventually get a free wash with your stamp card.  The carwash is connected to a convenient store, a gas station, and inside there is also a Mexican Fast food joint.    I can tell you that I either come here or the one across UNLV. It is similary priced.  This one they add in the tire dressing which comes out to the same price if you added that to their basic at the other hand wash  detailer (I can't remember the business name, sorry).    Before your car goes through the wash there is an option to fix any chips in your window.  I have been here before and never used this option. Today, I decided to use this option since I had a huge chip on my driver side.  To my surprise he said that the fix is actually free with your insurance (except State Farm).  I gave him my insurance card, he filled out paperwork, he called the insurance, I identified myself, and my insurance said they would waive the fee for the repair, and ta da, no chip on my window, for FREE.  Well slightly chip free.  The chip is still there.  The rock that chipped the window went in pretty deep into the window, but after the repair, its not as big as it was previously.  Insurance will cover it because it saves them from eventually having to fix a bigger repair, such as replacing your whole window.  You have up to 6 repairs per year according to the gentleman that fixed it for me.    When you cross over to the other end of the shop to get your car there is a shoe shine area, a nail and salon shop (under construction) and a pub.  So you kind of get a lot of things to do while you wait.  I got my car and it was nicely cleaned.  I have black interior and I had tons of dog hair for them to vacuum and they did an excellent job getting most of the hair.  Smelled nice in my car since they added the air freshener, but almost overwhelming since I didn't want to roll down my window and risk streak marks on my newly washed car.     Overall good experience, Lucy (my car) and I will return
1 I use this car wash frequently however lately they haven't done such a great job. Paid for a deluxe wash and got basic instead. Might have to find another car wash.
5 Great car wash I always take my truck here, I get "The works" car wash and they do a fantastic job every single time it's worth every penny! If you want a good wash take your vehicle here.
2 It was just ok, I got up sold for the hand wax and then tipped pretty well in advance to assure a good job, when It was ready the didn't really do a good job cleaning the inside, still had trash in the floor and door panels... Outside and tires wet pretty good though... I would say just use them for te cheap exterior wash next time
1 I would give this place zero stars if it allowed me to.  I took my car there to get water spots removed and they blasted the front and did a pretty good job.  Then as I drove my car into the sun I noticed, they had put over 100 little knicks and chips in my windshield.  When I told them about it, they said they were from rocks.  Mind you my car is brand new, I said so I hit over 100 rocks on my front windshield.  They just kept denying they did it and offered me nothing.  Now I need to get a new windshield.  These guys are real pieces of sh*t.  Do not go here, you have been warned!
5 Amazing price and quality on a complete detail.  My parents used to live in this neighborhood and still drive here from across town to get their cars cleaned and they kindly took my car in for a complete detail.  I had years of kid build up everywhere and I'm stunned at how clean the car is, they missed a spot or two by the gear, but one wipe with windex and it was gone.  The fact that they were able to get colored sprinkles out of the leather seats and actually get the floor mats cleaned (I had tried and tried) is amazing.  And the price is even better.  Worth the drive and your business.
3 I have to say that this is a great place to get your car washed.  It is technically a four star place....   a.  location - easy to find on the corner of Flamingo and Pecos.  It is part of a Shell station. They have three lines for car washes.  b.  Pricing - The works is about 20.00 and the works is 24.00.  The more expensive one is where they do the interior with armor all.    c.  Quality -  Overall quality is pretty good. There is nothing truly great about this place, but you do get an above average wash.  d.  The service - The person taking the order for car wash and writing you up disappears often and when he returns, does not process all the cars waiting in line in an orderly fashion.  It is irritating when you are waiting for a bit and one line keeps advancing while your line is stopped.  Inefficient.  e.   The food - Inside this Shell station is a very nice Mexican Restaurant. I am not sure how they make money as it never seems full, but I have had the food here and it is pretty darn good.  I say go for the wash and leave with the food!  f.  Timing - Overall about 20 minutes to have your car processed properly. The quality is great. They only leave streaks on your windows once in a while when they are using old towels.  g.  Other services - You can get windows tinted here. My friend did it here and liked the quality.  They do have one of those windshield glass guys that wants to repair your window cracks and put it on your insurance.  I find that part offensive, but that is just me.  Otherwise, this is a 5 star but due to fact of service and the crack windshield guy, I have to give this place a -1 to 3 star.   Check it out!
5 I have been coming here for the last 12+ years from Boulder City, I pass numerous car washes to get to this one for a reason. They are the best in Las Vegas!
3 Shell gas station... Saved .20 cents today with Smith's rewards.  Parking lot is a nightmare to get out of. Wish they would have thought about that when they build it... Especially on the corner of Flamingo and Pecos.
4 Wow, the truck looks great! Thanks for the great job.  This is a very interesting car wash, with the set up. It's a gas station, Mexican restaurant, lounge and bar. They did a great job washing and waxing our large truck by hand. No complaints on the job at all. But, why do the always move the seat? My truck has an auto adjust, and somehow that got changed? Not sure how they managed that. But the truck looked nice and shiny.
5 You just won't get the same QUALITY service anywhere else for the 20-ish minutes u wait... They charge per mat, too. So you don't have to get all of them cleaned if they aren't all dirty, which I like!
3 Went to Oasis on a Friday.  It was before noon, but the place was packed.  It took some time to get someone to the car.  After that person took down the type of wash I wanted, he disappeared for another few minutes.  So, I was kind of standing there and not knowing what was happening.  He later returned and told me it was fine to go inside.  I was quoted a time of 45-50 minutes.  It was closer to an hour, but I won't ding them that much, the estimate was pretty close.  There are a few places to sit while you wait.  I chose the sort of indoor mini mall attached to the gas station.  There are a few businesses and tables with chairs.  I was able to read a book and watch my car, so I knew exactly when it was ready.  Overall, I'd say the car certainly looks good, but there were a lot of smudges or rag marks.  Frankly, given how long they took I was surprised it was not immaculate.  I'd return, but if it's that busy again I'll find another place.  However, the Mexican place inside the gas station smelled delicious, so I'll probably find a way to get my car washed here again so I can try it...
5 Great job, car was really dirty from driving in the snow and salt. Got the 'Works', will come back again.
5 They did a great job on my supercrew cab...guy spent extra time doing it all. New customer from here on out
4 I had my 2008 Minivan detailed here...it looks brand new!!!They are not the cheapest but they are THE BEST.  Make an appointment and allow 4-5 hours...well worth the wait.  I WILL BE BACK!!
5 Best car wash in town, hands down. Courteous and friendly staff. The workers spend a lot of time on each car and go over the same spots several times. They never miss a details. They are not trying to push cars through as fast as possible.  They always deliver your vehicle in tip-top shape, and every 10th car wash is free.  This is a true hand car wash: no mechanical brushes that can scuff and scratch your paint.  The sales rep will always try to upsell you.  I usually don't like aggressive sales, but the upgrades are worth it.   If you have had bad experiences with other car washes, try this place.
4 I love to get free car wash after 9 washes done. It is nice to have a waiting area.  I could give them five if they didn't forget jasmine flavor
5 Great price. Nice air conditioned waiting area. Super fast. Cheap. Everything I want in a car wash basically!
3 Fast, but they need more English speaking workers in the finishing area. I had issues with the spots and swirls on my wash and wax, and when I tried to explain it, I could not find anyone to communicate it to. They also missed several areas inside and windows had a small amount of smearing. I live far in the southwest, so the drive was not worth it. I will try to find a better car wash that is closer and actually "hand washes" the car.
5 Amazing. I moved here two months ago from DC and still had snow residue on my car.  I was looking for a place that would give it a deep clean for a lower price.  They definitely delivered. My car looks amazing. I got the express hand wash service which is a few dollars more, but worth every penny.  Not only is the service great, but the people who work there are incredibly friendly as well. I highly recommend this place if your in search of a solid car wash.
5 I went here on a Friday at lunch and it was super busy. But the thing is they really took their time with my car. It was super dirty from the road trip and it had a lot of bugs on it they saw that and they ran it through the car wash not once but twice for the same price which I thought was awesome of them then they took their time really getting it clean so I really appreciate this place and I would go again.
5 Had a hand wash and hand wax done on my car.  The wax job turned out nicely and I was pleased with the work for the price I paid.  As with some other reviews of this place, the windshield inspection (and subsequent attempt to get the customer to do rock chip repairs) is kind of annoying and seemingly out of place.  Other than that, the staff was friendly, professional and completed the job quicker than originally promised.  I would trust Oasis with my "baby" again the next time I need a more deep cleaning for my vehicle than what I get from the Terrible's automatic car wash.  Visit Oasis' website for discount coupons!
