1 DON'T EVER USE THIS COMPANY!!!!! unless you want to get screwed!   I had a cleaning done, 2 ladies for the job, they did a walk-through of the 2bed/2bath apt, I told them what I wanted done (walls, floors, general cleaning), the lady told me it would take 4 man hours (2 ladies at 2 hours) to complete-- I agreed, so they started cleaning, one started in the kitchen, after about 5 minutes I said I had to step out real quick, I came back in about 30 minutes and the same lady was still doing the same work in the kitchen--I thought that was odd, then I kept hearing the lady who gave me a quote complain this is going to take longer than 4 hours-- needless to say, they hustled for more time.  They said they would be back 6:30 am the next day to finish, when I looked in the afternoon what they did--all they did was put the trash in the patio area! I called to complain to the supervisor, Donna, she said they scrubbed the floors and mopped it, which is a total lie!   They didn't clean my walls, nor mopped the floor or vacuumed which is what I specifically asked for, or took the trash out!! They charged for extra time stating they did all that. I took pictures of the floors, walls, and carpet--there was no change before or after! The carpet had no vacuum marks, the floors still had scuff marks, and the walls weren't wiped at all!!!
5 I have been using Pink Ladies Cleaning Service for about nine years. They call to remind me a day in advance and show up on time. Although they bring their own supplies, they had no hesitation with using my supplies upon my request. They let me know when supplies are running low or if there is something new that I should consider. They are all very nice people too. They always ask if there is anything special I need done and manage to get these requests completed in the time slot along with all of the regular cleaning. The one time I had an issue, I called Janice and they returned the next day. Problem resolved easily and without complaint from anyone. They are also easy to work with as my schedule is hectic and they accommodate my changes with no complaint. Super flexible which I greatly appreciate.
4 We have been using Pink Ladies for the better part of the last 6 years and have to say that we are very happy with the service. First off, it's very hard to find a cleaning service that you would trust with the keys to your house. Janice and her crews have been very attentive to our cleaning needs, especially around the holidays and special occasions that require a little something extra. We have them come every other week for a more thorough cleaning than our busy schedule will allow.  They rotate the areas they focus on every couple of weeks, so over time, special attention is paid to our blinds or our baseboards.   Over the last six years, there have only been a couple of occasions where the crew wasn't as attentive as we liked, and Janice was quick to correct the situation. We find them attentive and trustworthy, and I'd recommend their service to anyone looking for a dependable crew to clean your house top to bottom!
1 Janis, please be truthful in your comments. The 4hr quote was done AFTER I walked your maids through the unit and stated what I wanted done.  You called me and begged me to remove the review,  but the public has a right to know my experience with your company..... and after all this time you're going to make a snazzy comment that contains not one ounce of truth?!! Shame on you.  The least you can do is act  professionally.
1 Unfortunately not too impressed....scheduled 1pm appointment...called at 10.30 to let me know I had to be there at  11.30 because they were done earlier at another location. Dropped everything to get cross town (NLV to Henderson) During the walk though with supervisor was told they do no remove the screns to clean window from outside....she could clean 3/4 of the window...asked if she is OK if I pay 3/4......mind you I had mentioned that I wanted windows cleaned inside and out on my initial phone call....never any mention of any requirement. The screens are just in place with four sliding clips....no big deal but it really seemed that the supervisor just was not willing to work. In fact on thd way from her car to the house she kept complaining how her feet hurt.....where do they find hhese people? Send her on her merry way.....would not recommend this business.
