5 Dr. Doubrava is my eye care specialist.  He is an excellent physician.  I have been here for several yearly exams, and I stop in more often than I should because I'm always doing something to break, damage, or otherwise inhibit the lifespan of my glasses.  This is usually a hiking induced problem.  The office has a registered optometrist, Melissa, and she is top notch.  She has come to my rescue on many occasions.  In short, Dr. Doubrava's office is a one stop place for my eye care.  I appreciate him and the staff and will continue to stop here.
5 It was such a pleasure to go here! I had, or am still having, a rather bad case of Pink-Eye. After going to other doctors, and even the emergency room which was nothing but a painful experience, I finally found this business.  Doctor Mark Doubrava was not just very nice and competent, but went out if his way to actually run after my car since he discovered something that could be related to my eye infection! Have you ever seen that? A doctor that actually cares for his patients!  I will definitely go back here and have my prescription for my glasses renewed.  This business is a role model for all other doctors in this State!
4 We have came here a few times to help my fiancé find solutions to  his Keratoconus. Couldn't be happier with Dr. Doubrava although at times we felt the front house receptionist weren't the most friendliest girls out there.  After reaching out to them for a referral on hard lenses I was extremely pleased with the receptionist that was helping us over the phone. She had somewhat of an accent and we can't quit remember her name. She was more than helpful. Finally after a few phone calls here and there I received a call earlier today by another receptionist who made me feel like I never wanted to contact their offices again. After telling me the number to a referral she sounded like she was already having a bad day and to end our conversation I thanked her for her assistance and her response was ok and hung up. When someone thanks you a simple your welcome! Or have a nice day wouldn't hurt! She does not belong in that office not with an attitude like that.
