5 I've been a highly satisfied client of Clifford Wolosin since 1997, and since that time, no one else has ever cut my hair, shampooed it, or shaved my face.   Cliff used to have his Western-style "Barber Corral" across the street from the SONY Pictures Studio in Southern California, where he often cut the hair of TV and movie star Red Buttons (among others).  It seems that there was always a celebrity of some kind, getting their locks trimmed by Cliff.  Here in Las Vegas, you can see dozens of local luminaries in his one-man tonsorial parlor, like maybe former Lt. Governor (and brain surgeon) Dr. Lonnie Hammargren, or anyone else in the valley who is a "mover, shaker, and decision-maker."  Cliff's worked on darn-near all of them, and as far as I know, no one has ever complained.  Cliff is kind, friendly, MOST easy going, extremely patient, and always has a smile and a cheerful "Howdy, Pardner!" for anyone who walks in his front door.  Patrons are always offered a FREE soda pop (while they're waiting to be shorn), and there's a big-screen TV monitor that offers around 500 satellite channels for waiting customers to enjoy. Cliff goes out of his way to make visitors to his place feel both welcome, and comfortable.  What's the "secret" to his success?  I probably shouldn't publicize this, but I don't think he'll be too angry with me, for revealing it.  Cliff tries to be a FRIEND to everyone, as well as a top-notch hair stylist and cutter.  He's also possessed of the two traits that all successful bartenders and psychologists have:  1. He's a terrific LISTENER (because he listens with his HEART) and,  2. He keeps a SECRET, better than an agent of the CIA.  If you visit Cliff's place and get to know him, you won't like him.  You will LOVE HIM, as I do.  Click here, to see a YouTube® video of his place:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_Ru6O5aO_g  PS  I remember the "reviewer" known as "JR G."  He came into Cliff's shop while I was there, bragging that he wrote a good review here and Cliff acknowledged that with the proper gratitude, but "JR G." felt he was entitled to MORE than just heartfelt thanks.  He wanted some free haircuts and shaves.  Cliff politely and properly pointed out that if he gave everyone free services who wrote glowing reviews about him, he'd have 10,000 reviews posted here and every one of them would ALSO want free haircuts, shampoos and shaves.  "JR G." cursed Cliff, then stormed out of the shop, vowing revenge on Cliff for not giving him some "freebies."  As you can see by his "review," he made good on his threat.  I've known Cliff Wolosin since 1997, and if he was ANY kind of a "bigot," I wouldn't patronize him, either.  Cliff has MANY Gay & Lesbian customers, all of whom will speak as highly of him, as I do.  Please ignore the rantings of "JR G," who will keep searching for FREE haircuts from those who are willing to "pay" him for favorable reviews.
5 I had never been to Cliffs but saw good reviews here, so being Sunday I called to see if he was open,, his answering machine picked up an I left a message, within 10 minutes he returned my call an said yes he was open come on down.  I thought this was great.  I took the bus there an he was all the previous reviewer said, great haircut making me look even more handsome :), with a massage at the end, good listener an great guy just overall.  Place is a museum filled with Western heritage. I can not tell you the price because Cliff's didn't tell me an only said what I thought would be fine, I don't think you will be disappointed. I highly recommend Cliff's Corral.
5 I was in desperate need of a haircut yesterday and hopped on Yelp to look for a good barber in the area I was in.  There were a number of 4 and five star rated shops, but for some reason the reviews for Cliff's stood out.  I think my hair is pretty easy to cut (very short), but for some reason, I haven't been able to find a good barber in the 15 years I've lived here.  I think my search is over.  Cliff was super friendly and gave me exactly what I asked for.  In fact, he knew what I wanted before I told him.  Cliff seems to be a really good guy and the shop is very unique.  You won't find another shop like it.  He also has really good hours: 8am to 7pm seven days a week.  Regardless of your schedule, you could be able to make it in.  If you're in need of a new barber like I was, give Cliff's a try.
5 So when you walk into cliff's you'll find a great western theme and a comfortable environment.  Comfortable is good here because with a barber as good as cliff you'll probably have to wait a little bit, but that will pay off.  Cliff offers refreshments to his customers while they wait and great conversation, you leave with a great haircut that is worth the price.
5 Cliff is the best. I have good looking hair but ard to cut. I have a notrious cowlick. I have never even once told him how to cut my hair he looked at my head and started cutting. Not only did he fix the mess the previous guy did he gave me exactly the style I wear. In 13 years of watching him giving haircuts Ive never seen an unhappy customer. Cliff is cordial and friendly. He is also old school wich means straight edge razor to finish off the haircut. On a last note he charges what you want to pay. Some poeple give him more some less. I pay $20 but thats because I would have to pay $40 to get a comparable haircut any where else and it might not be as good.
5 Big ups to Cliff.  I just took my two year old son to get his first professional haircut since I read only good reviews, and I thought my son would enjoy the decor.  My son screamed during the haircut...  the whole time!  Cliff was very swift, and even though my son was throwing a fit, he did an amazing job on his hair, and even gave us a cute, personalized certificate for his first haircut.  He also told us to pay whatever we had.  I gave him a little extra for dealing with the screaming.  I'm definitely taking my son again so he can get used to it.  Thanks Cliff!
2 So I need to change my review.  Cliff is a good barber, but I've recently discovered he is a bigot.  He was talking VERY poorly about gays and lesbians with another customer while I was there.  I cannot and will not give my money to anyone who I know to be a bigot.
5 Cliff is by far the best barber I've found in Vegas. He takes his time, uses the straight edge to cut your hair and has a good eye for detail.  He is very friendly and knows everyone by name. It's nice to go into a business that cares about customer service and providing their customers with a quality hair cut at a fair price.  Thank you, Cliff I will be your customer as long as you are in business.
5 So after some time of reviewing sending messages to different barbers/salons around Las Vegas that live close to me I was told to come here thanks to one of my moms co-workers. She said that he only dedicates himself to Mens' hair cuts. That made me feel good, but still I was in doubt because I have had bad experiences here in Las Vegas. I have been with the same stylist for years back in Cali and when I came here I hated my experiences here. Even though I would do research to look at different hair styles that would resemble mine I just could not find one single good one.     Today at Cliffs I found that the reason I could not find anyone that knew it was because it was a simple hair cut. Simple! All these woman with techniques I guess have forgotten the simplest ones. I am guessing. I would tell them a 2, or 3 on the side and with scissors on top. They would never come close to how I would have it. It was irritating, but not no more. I turned into the are and missed it then went in again, being he is the only barber shop there. So I am guessing this was the place. I walk in and see the inside and was like... "uh... there are empty bottles on the floor... dafuq?" Then I tell my mom to peek inside cause I was nervous to go any further, i didn't want to get my foot farther inside the door and have a bad experience. LOL    After I walked inside and saw the whole place I was stunned! I couldn't believe all the awesome memorabilia he had inside! It was super awesome! So many wild west artifacts EVERYWHERE! I totally sucked in the vibe of the shop and the artifacts. I love American history so this place was a gem. ANYWAY! I walk in I see Cliff and he says, "Come on in you'll be alright" that gave me the impression of hahahahaha... "I won't mess up your hair that bad" but as soon as I sat down and he started cutting I realized he meant that, "you'll be ALRIGHT in good hands" after that he offered me a soda and chips and said I had nice hair. For what's left of it... but I still care about it.     I was still a little anxious and nervous even more because he just started to cut my hair without asking me anything. I was like... O_O. Like that. Also because he turned me around to watch the TV so I couldn't see what he was doing. But then when he turned me back towards the mirror I saw a snippet of my sides and it was looking good. then he cut the top with scissors... but the OLD SCHOOL scissors. Those long ass ones that looked like knives. Omg I started shitting bricks when I saw them. But man they cut good. After he was done with that my hair was looking better and better. I was losing up and feeling less tense.    Then he took out idk what but it made this crunching sound to cut the back of my head. Felt like a big ass razor I couldn't really take a good look at it. I am pretty sure he shaves people with those old school blades also. At the end when he was about to finish he took something out that made this throbbing sound and went all over my head and shoulders. I couldn't figure out what it was till I saw it, he gave me a massage! haha. I thought he was going to just cut my hair round all about! I was like NOOOO!!! That massage made me feel good....! At the end the price was great! He deserves more! That place is great! The items inside that shop are super awesome. Next time I go I will have him cut my hair shorter, I want to see this mans skills further.  P.S. I read from the one bad review down here that he is not fond of gay and lesbians, but I was the only customer there so I didn't hear anything of that. Maybe he does, but if he does I can't blame him he is from another time in American history.
5 I've moved from Singapore to the States recently. In the past I used to have the Asian stylists for all my haircut in Singapore, Philippines, etc.  I had my hair cut first time at a hair salon in Green Valley Ranch and the result was awful. This time I tried searching through Yelp and found Cliff's barber shop with surprisingly good ratings vs price. I decided to give it a try yesterday, brought some sample photo of how I'd like my hair to look like. The result turned out really good and super close to what I expected. Cliff is nice and friendly too. I will definitely come back for my next haircut.   P.S.: Cliff seems to be very careful with cutting, but does not bother about cleaning up afterward. I still got lots of cut hair on my forehead and had to ask for a rinse. Anyway that's not the main part, as long as you care about the cutting more than the side service it should be fine.
5 If I had one word to describe the experience with this place it'd be "legit". I found this place cruising yelp for a place that takes their time and make sure the haircut is just right, and I was impressed with this place.  First while walking through the doors I was greeted by a friendly staff whom was mopping the floors and invited me inside the waiting area. There was a television on so I wasn't too bored awaiting my turn. The same gentleman mopping kindly offered me a soda in a cooler off to the corner, and as I declined he made sure other guests had any needs before returning to his duties. Before you read any further I must mention that if you are planning to get a quick cut I wouldn't recommend this place to you. The barber whom was friendly takes his time and goes over your hair many times to make sure it's just right and that there's no loose hair, sort of like an artist. One if the greatest things if like to mention is the barber (only one barber cuts hair here) isn't out to make a quick buck. A lady offered to pay him 20$ for his services for her sons haircut and he kindly decline just stating he isn't a merchant and that he wouldn't overcharge her. Who does that!? Someone who could expect multiple visits from me and I urge others to check this place out!
5 Cliff's is quite possibly the best haircut experience in Las Vegas or the entire west for my money, when you go to Cliff's you have to be ready to relax and be sure to take in all of the ambience it is obviously one of the best locations in all of Las Vegas as soon as you walk in you notice all of the antiques and the way that the store is laid out. You can call ahead of time to find out if there's a significant wait time but most of the time you need to just devote an hour or so to go and just sit and wait your turn while you wait you have the opportunity to drink out of his fliptop cooler he has satellite TV and plenty of characters come in that you can talk to seems as if he knows most of his customers. Once you've been going there long enough you start to feel like a member of his extended family.  I've been frequenting Cliff since 1998, My son had his first haircut there he's now 8 years old and we go together and make it a father and son thing together, there is no other place like it you can have Supercuts you can have sport clips frankly those places suck, no point in going to those other places once you been to Cliffs, Cliff is an excellent person he gives a fantastic haircut and he always has interesting conversation you're going to like going to cliffs especially if you start making a habit out of it.
5 Cliff is by far the best Barber west of the Mississippi. He has cut my hair for many years in California. Since he has been in Las Vegas, I have not found a person that cuts my hair like Cliff. He is by far an Artist with the Clippers and scissors. I keep in touch with him still to this day. His shop is like going back to Old West. The Most relaxing place in Las Vegas.
4 Very friendly barber and a low pressure style. I wasn't completely satisfied with my hair but I could have been worse off.  Interesting that he didn't offer a price but rather "whatever I had was fine".
4 Real cool spot, real cool barber, he's laid back and does a good hair cut. Says pay him what you think is fair. I recommend him to all the white boys out there.
5 Whenever my husband and I are in town my husband has to get a haircut here. He will wait to get a haircut here if he knows that we are coming to Las Vegas soon. Its tough since we are in the military and haircuts for men have to be on point all the time but he doesnt care! He rather wait three weeks and get told to get a haircut than just get a haircut in San Diego.
3 Very nice guy. Very interesting place. Haircut wasn't great, but the experience was entertaining.
5 I can tell you this, he's been a barber for 51 years.  His shop is a mini old western museum and he uses vintage shears & methods.  He has Layrite (a beloved greaser hair product) for 15$ a can 50$ for the giant tub.  I've seen those tubs go for 80$ else where in town.  Walking into Cliff's is like stepping into a time capsule back when men were men and a damn good hair cut didn't cost you a quarter of a 'Franklin, before tip.  I especially appreciate being able to watch old westerns while I wait.  [Anywhere else they talk like you're in a cholo movie while rap is blaring]  Here at Cliff you can expect nothing but courteous service from one of the hidden gems of Las Vegas barbershops.  This is how a vintage haircut should be.
4 I was desperate to find an open barber shop on a Sunday in Las Vegas when, after 45 minutes of searching, I came across Cliff's. The place way cool. Trinkets and western doohicks everywhere.  Watched western starring the Duke while waiting. They set me up with a cold beverage of my choice. It was a great experience and a great cut. I received many compliments. Thanks Cliff.
5 Cliff is the best.  A fine barber and a good person.  I always get my hair cut here when I come to Las Vegas.  I have known him for more years than I care to say - back to the days when he barbered in Los Angeles. His shop is filled with old West memorabilia that is updated from time to time.  Always generous with the offer of a cool drink when you come in too.  Thanks Cliff.
