5 Another great place to drop of your clothes.  I popped in here and gave them a try.  I dropped off two dress shirts.  The lady behind the counter had me set to come back after 3pm the next day.  I like how they are very organized with computer and reciept printouts.  This way there is no arguement on how many pieces you left or if they misplace anything.  The pricing here is very decent compare to the other places around the area.  I guess this a hidden gem for us workers.  I came back and my shirts were both pressed and nothing damaged.  I took a look around and it looks like they have all the equipment to do all the cleaning and pressing themselves.    Side note, place might be hard to find.  It is in the same plaza as Walgreens, facing Tropicana and they do alterations on site as well.
1 They will steal your clothes if you don't get a ticket. I lost 2 Hugo Boss shirts. They claim I never dropped them off.
2 Owner is not friendly, and their pricing is ridiculous - $7.50 for a blouse and a collared shirt? How are there other items on their racks?? No way...bad enough that next time I'll drive the 6 miles out of my way to go to my previous cleaner.
1 I have been using their services for a few months now and their service was great at first. My last experience with them was enough for me to never go back. I had dropped off some dresses to be dry cleaned; they had some makeup stains on them. I returned picked it up and paid. The following week I take out the dress I had planned to wear, to my surprise the make up stains were still on the dress! The following day, after work, I take the dress back to show the lady behind the counter the condition my dress was in. The nice, welcoming attitude suddenly changed. She got so upset that I was bringing the dress back. She asked me, in a frustrating tone, why hadn't I come the very next day after I had picked up my clothing. I explained that the reason was because I wasn't planning on wearing the dress right away, therefore hadn't notice the makeup stains sooner.. She started speaking in her native tongue to her husband (I presume) the man that's always on his laptop. Then she turned to me and slammed her phone on the counter and told me she couldn't help me. She was very aggressive at this point. I told her that I came to show her that, whoever was working with them was not doing a great job and that I would not return. I went in there not looking for a refund. Just acknowledgement that the clothing was not properly dry cleaned and what I consider, as a customer service gesture, to get it cleaned again at a discounted price. The way she dealt with my negative feedback was very unprofessional. Mind you,  I have recommended friends to this business; since my prior experiences have been great. It's a shame how one negative experience can ruin a business relationship. I work in customer services and I have learned to deal with negative feedback from customers and this was a piss-poor job.
