1 This place overcharges and provides absolutely no service to their tenants. Their record keeping is abysmal, so you're likely to keep getting overdue charges and threats to your lease for bills you've already paid for through them. Then when you raise any sort of issue with them, they refuse to take the time to deal with the concerns. I definitely don't recommend.
4 I have been working with Property Group for a couple of months now on a rental house that I leased site unseen with the help of my realtor.  So far they have been pretty accommodating with ironing out the "kinks" of this property.  There were quite a few things that needed to be done right off the bat having to do with cleanliness, safety, etc. and, having dealt with property managers once in the past, I was sure I was screwed.  But Jenae has worked with me patiently to get all of my concerns addressed.  This property is meant to be a rental for one year while I learn the neighborhoods of the valley and decide where to buy, but I would consider working with them in the future if I were going to continue renting.
1 Terrible property managers! They overcharge for rental application and don't even check your references. They are extremely unhelpful in regards to issues with the property.
5 For some reason my original review was filtered by Yelp so I am re-posting it. The Property Group deserves the 5 star rating I gave it. The Property Group is a top notch property management team. I have been a tenant for about 2 1/2 years now and I continue to be impressed at how quickly they respond to my issues, concerns, repairs, etc. I was initially hesitant leasing from a management group but I have been pleasantly surprised. These folks do it right. The house is impeccable and we couldn't be happier with the level of service.
5 my family and i rented a property in Henderson from the property group for the last year and a half. there service was top notch, they were a pleasure to deal with.  Janae the office manager was very easy to get a hold of and very professional. They were very responsive with every dealing we had with them.  i never had any issues with being over charged for anything or had any instance in where the record keeping was bad ( like Fami R stated )  my family owns a large property management company in Texas and my wife and i own a few rental properties ourselves.they were fantastic in every aspect.  we always had great communication with them.  if we ever acquire any properties out here in las vegas we would definately hire them to manage it because i was very impressed with the service that they provided
