5 This is my second time taking my dog to these folks and both haircuts were exactly what I asked for and done with keen detail.  I have had different groomers in the area over the years and I can't believe I just found this treasure.  They even have seasonal toys available to apease pet owner guilt.  The facility is clean and the staff very friendly. Also, my pup has never smelled better.
1 After almost two years of taking our dog here the owner told us she was a bad client and wasn't welcome there anymore.  I'm not even really an animal person and if I read this I would think the person had a difficult animal and didn't realize it - but I took the dog to another groomer and they said she has no behavioral issues at all.  But I noticed whenever I dropped the dog off at Wag N Tails that she would get all stiff and nervous - try to leave - I just thought she didn't like the groomers but she was fine in the new place.  I always thought the owner was a grump but the one gal that works there and does the grooming is SO nice and very kind.  The owner seems like one of those folks who had been doing the same job for too long and is way over it and takes it out on everyone.  People like that don't belong around animals.  I should thank them for their lack of patience because now my dog is happer.
5 I have a shy toy poodle with a very thick coat. She has been to several groomers in the past. Because of her thick coat, any errors in grooming are very noticeable. Also, due to her shy nature, she can be a difficult dog to groom. Not only does she look amazing when she leaves Wag N Tails, but we have seen a vast improvement in her personality. She has visited Wag N Tails for years and this is helping to socialize her and is improving her trust in people. At the beginning, only the owner/head groomer could handle her, but over time my girl has come to let all of the employees work with her. The grooming table is situated behind a window, so you can see the dogs being groomed & know they are being treated well. We will never consider taking our dog to another groomer.
5 Dont know what the bad reviews are about but they do a great job. The groom lasts much longer than other grooms for my maltipoo and lhasa/bichon! They brush them really well
