4 For my 27th birthday, I decided I wanted to take myself and my best friends out to skate.  What in the world could possibly be more hilarious than watching your friends totter and flail on wheels?  Answer: Absolutely nothing.  I don't think the skating rink has changed a bit since I stopped going in the early 90s, and that, my friends, is a lovely thing.  The same tan skates, the same multi-colored globe lights.  The same music.  Again, the SAME music.  The teenagers working there still think they're pretty much too cool for school and I have a feeling they were snickering at us in the break room.  We got some nachos, and the chips were slightly stale and the cheese wasn't actually cheese, I don't think, and we ate every bit.  For all of the things that should have made this a bad experience, they all fed in to make it an incredibly fun experience.  We laughed, wobbled and fell all afternoon, and it was much more fun than being an adult.
5 "Crystal Palace Skating Center...The Skate of the Art!" Any Las Vegas local will remember this radio jingle from way back. It's my dad's claim to fame, and when he wrote it, I was right around the age where roller skating was THE THING to do...I'm a bit past that age now, but my memories still make me laugh at how much this meant to all of my school friends. Every weekend we would go skating, eat pizaa candy hot dogs sodas and anything else we could get our hands on, and go home with upset stomachs and sore feet. Well, I recently revisited my old stomping grounds and not much has changed. The eighties dcor is still there, the junk food abundant, and kiddie roller skaters (excuse me, bladders) are still falling everywhere. Ahh...the memories. I suggest you check out this Vegas legend before (God forbid) the owners call it a day.   Recommended snack: Pizza, or else you just won't fit in with this crowd  Recommended company: Preferably some tots, so when you fall because you haven't skated in ten years, you can blame it on them pulling on your pant leg. And so you don't feel awkward for the couple's skate.
5 Celebrated my daughter's 9th birthday there.  It was great and well priced.  They had invitations for me to hand out, a private party room, and I didn't have to pay any deposit to book the party!
4 Maybe my higher rating is cushioned by the fact that this was where I would celebrate all my birthday's and every neighbor kid's birthday growing up... so i guess you would call this nostalgia.   It looks like a shed, and I was a little scared of all the people who I would call regulars skating around there... You walk in to a little room and slip your money under the window.. $9 for those without skates.. the same price for a movie, but a greater amount of time... AND cardio!  You get your skates and set up, they have lockers for your belongings, so either bring what you need and leave the rest.. well uhhhh.. very well hidden in your car.   Then you skate, skate, and skate. In circles. There's some N'Sync and Britney playing. But you just keep skating. Then there's some hokey pokey to dance to with all the little kids of old Henderson... and some limbo!!  Keep an open mind, and if you can't do that, then pre-medicate with a little alcohol.. A LITTLE. Because your bound to fall at least 14 times without inebriation.
2 We used to come here quite a but but since having a child we dont get out much. Well now kiddo is almost 2yrs old and since we all have skates..even the kiddo..we went to Crystal Palace for some family time and my mommy friends kids school was there doing a fundraiser. Well we got to the window and the girl was a total B**** to us. All we did was ask how much was it for the guests of the fundraiser and she acted like she didnt know what we were talking about and started to yell at us that it was 9 bucks for everyone if you needed skates..which we did not. So I have to ask this girl if I can go in to get my friend to clear up this mess. She didnt want to let me in. I was about to go crazy on her when she finally buzzed me in. Friend came out and we got it all cleared up and went in and had a pretty good time even though the music was dreadful. Way to much hip hop. What happened to playing the MANY great songs that are common for the roller rink? It would have been more fun if those songs were played. My little one loved trying out his new skates and playing in the LITTLE arcade area and for that I give 5 stars but the service here as well as the DJ were horrible. It will be awhile before I come back...and thats sad cuz we love to roller skate.
1 A FAMILY OPERATED BUSINESS?  ARE YOU SERRIOUS? HOW DARE THEY EVEN ADVERTISE THIS? SURE, just to pocket money and not worry about the safety of anyone skating there!!!  How can you have 200 to 300 participants on FAMILY night and not have any let alone enough competent workers there @ two guys in the skate room, a couple of girls in the concession stand and no one on the floor controlling the hoodlums, picking people up when they fall down causing a domino effect, stupid parents skating with kids in they're arms, here comes the ambulance & fire dept. because someone fell and another skater skated into they're head and why? THEY ARE TOO CHEAP to hire additional workers!!! AND, the staff they do have are rude, ignorant and just there to collect a few hours of pay...someone needs to seriously take a look at the unsafe conditions of this operation - GO AND SKATE AT RANCHO THEY CARE ABOUT THEY'RE FACILITY & THE SAFETY OF A GOOD FAMILY NIGHT OUT!!!  I would rather drive across town then skate at Rancho Crystal Palace!!!
3 Attended for a back to school night hosted by my daughter's school at night.  I was a little concerned with the neighborhood  at night but since there were so many people attending I felt safe.  The decor is a throw back to the 70's and looks like the place has never been updated.  However, my daughter had a wonderful time holding onto the wall learning to skate for the 1st time.  I believe on Tuesday nights they have family night.  I would go back for a birthday party, school event or with a group of people for family night.  It is something else we tried for an activity that is indoors so we can get out of the heat.
1 Horrible place to take your children!!! The staff is very rude, to say the least! Management could care less about any complaints and the refs are very strict and unbecoming. Recently a young girl broke her arm because refs allowed kids that they know to skate out of control. I stopped taking my 4 year old here about 8 months ago because of this type of behavior, also cause the ref threatened to take me to the parking lot (which I found comical), and assumed that it might be different now but was shown the same as before. I will never come to this skating rink again. Hopefully the staff is better at the Boulder Hwy location.
4 I absolutely love this place!!!!! Location sucks but I live nearby so that's a plus. Lock your car and don't bring much in with you. .25: for putting your stuff behind the counter,wish they had lockers you could use. But everything else  rocks. It is like walking back into 1985 with newer music.  Lessons are on Saturday mornings at 9 am. I haven't been able to take them yet but I will. Next time I'll make sure to bring the leg warmers. I just wish the hours were better and more often. Not sure what the summer hours will be. Love coming here and eating crappy food and skating my buns off.
3 Overall, I had a pretty good time.  This was my 3-4 day a week hangout growing up in the late 70's all through the 80's.    The skating floor needs to be cleaned, if not replaced, imho. Many gouges and scrapes in the wood, especially towards the rear of the skating floor.  I wonder when the last time owner replaced it? Thursday afternoon's a good time for us older folk (mid 40's) to skate, as it's not that crowded at all.  Bring your iPod & headphones to jam to your fave old school jams, as chances are you won't like what they're playing (Top 40, just like back in the day).  The carpet on the floors and retaining walls need to be cleaned and or replaced.  Summer 2013 schedule for Thursdays is 12p-10p, for $8.00, $7.00 if you have your own skates.  Prices includes 4 game tokens, and a ticket for two very small slices of pizza (which was okay) and a "drink."  The drink turned out to be a 6 ounce styrofoam cup's worth.  I got lemonade w/ no ice to get my money's worth.  LOL.  The lady working at the snack bar had no personality whatsoever; a mop had more.  I brought my own skates and saved that $1!  My good ole trusty Riedell RS 1000's w/ Rollerbones are still, purchased about 20+ years ago from this very establishment (called "Playland" back then, owned by Frank & Betty).  My skates got an instant review upon entering the lobby of "Those are cool skates!" from a 10 year old kid as soon as I walked in the door.  Not too shabby.  The gentleman who was working the front counter assisted me in the Pro Shop, his name was Chris I beleive.  Pretty knowledgeable about current shop inventory, and differences in the hardness of wheels and their applications.  He told me about Sure Grip plates/trucks, bearings, and wheels.  They had a good selection of wheels on hand to purchase, as well as Sure Grip "Qube" bearings. I'd have to special order the plates I want, the Sure Grip synthetic nylon "Thrust," a pretty good price at $69.00.  I'm an old Powell "Rollerbones" girl, so I'll probably order some online, as they don't retail for them.  All in all, a good experience, and I'll go back for another workout again soon.
3 When I hear music it makes me dance. Oh sorry, I went back to 1993 when I was skating to that song. It truly brought back major memories to go hear that, and "Jam On It" This place even had the same smell. Not too much of a difference from back in the day, other than the prices went up.  Its a little old school, and old fashion to say the least. You would think over the years maybe they'd updrage the look, but the only thing I seen new was a fooseball table. The actual skating rink floor towards the back also could use a little TLC.  My 11 year old daughter wouldn't know the difference but us old Vegas vets will. Not bad, but step your game up just a tad.
1 Here for Family Skate night. For $5, got skates, a 4oz drink and a small pizza or small probably non-beef hot dog. The girls behind the counter told me it would be 6 minutes for my last hot dog and 15 minutes later after reminding them, I watched the girl panic that the hot dogs weren't done, microwave my hot dog (and hid it in a wrapped up paper) and then tried to serve it to me on a bun. I declined it of course and told her I wanted a pizza instead and the older girl with curls tried to tell me that once they serve me over the counter I have to take it. Eff that! She talked to what looked like her supervisor and served me a pizza. Completely grossed out at the service and food handling. Never eating here again.
1 That's the most disgusting roller rink I have seen in a long time. It should have either been condemmed and leveled with a recking ball or renovated 20 years ago. It reminds me of the old rinks from the 50's that have concrete floors with ugly carpeting for hand ralling with the stench of smelly feet. These morons who run this establishment should close the dump down. They are no doubt a bunch of tight fisted tight wads that keep an unsafe establishment running as long as there is another dollar to be made. Anyone eating food in their should do so with CAUTION and at their own risk; they should have a sign that warns you to eat at your own risk. I grew up skating at a place called "Skateland" that was really nice and still is even from back in the 60's. It had nice wood floor for skating with strobe lights. Even in a nice place, the terrible music is now being played, "rap" that ruins the experience of skating. These morons who play the music have no idea of what is and was skating music.
1 Place is old, smells and both times i have went cars had been broken into in the parking lot. The skates are falling apart and staff really do not care.  Surprised this place isnt closed.
1 Why can't I give it zero stars? It doesn't deserve one star!  I guess if you've only ever lived here, you don't know any better. Anyone who is a transplant from elsewhere, don't even bother. If you grew up skating at a rink where people cared about anything at all, this place will just bruise your soul. Here are ten reasons that this place SUCKS;  1. The actual skating floor is in desperate need of professional restoration, and that is the best thing this place has going for it.   2. The music is ridiculously loud. My teenagers complained, so it wasn't just me.   3. The music is completely inappropriate for families. If I had been in there scheduling a birthday party for a child, I would have been horrified! They actually announced a child's birthday, and then played a song about having "birthday sex"!!!!!! Unbelievable! If you go on a Friday or Saturday night, you can watch teenagers just about having sex in the seating areas off to the side of the rink.  4. They played a slower song and halfway through, started complaining over the intercom that people were supposed to be skating in couples or backwards. They never made the announcement at the beginning, and don't clear the floor before the change, so how was anyone supposed to know?  5. They arbitrarily shut off most of the lights on the skating floor (I think they think it looks cool), and in addition to little kids falling all over the place, you can't see them, so then you run them over!  6. They do very little in the way of games or interaction, and when they do, they do it in the laziest fashion possible. They announced that little Suzy's birthday group should come to the table for pizza, and just as those kids made it off the floor, they started the Limbo. Then they started it off with the pole lowered half way right from the first round. If you'd like any of those kids to come back, maybe start the pole at the top so everyone gets to go under at least once, dummies!  7. You can spot the regular customers immediately - they're the one who knew to bring an IPod! Every song on every skating session we've ever been to has been the same, and played in the same order. The last time we were there, they played an entire disc twice, so you heard the same list of songs in the same order twice in the same day! When they finally finished the second round and put in a new CD, one song skipped so badly, it took almost 10 minutes to get all the way to the end. The girl that was working the booth was out in the lobby talking to people and never noticed.  8. It is a safety nightmare. There were constantly people hopping the wall, skating in the wrong direction, people in shoes walking their kids around the rink, or worse, carrying small kids around while skating. Then they cut off all the lights on the floor, too! The last time we were there, kids were throwing one of those little rubber super-balls across the floor to each other, and letting it get loose all over the floor. Occasionally they do have floor guards out on the floor, but they are only interested in skating around taking to their friends, so the ball went unnoticed, even after we complained twice. I'd hate to be your insurance carrier.  9. The music is horrible. Even when it is not horribly inappropriate, its just bad, and played altogether too loud. There is no mix of different tempos, different types of music, or anything. Its the same crap, in the same order every single time. It is a great place for uninterested, absentee parents to drop off their unattended children. It's a lousy place to attempt to enjoy any family time together.   10. The rental skates are poorly maintained. My son went back up to the window with his because the wheels were visibly loose on one skate. Instead of fixing it or at least setting it aside to look at later, they put it back on the rack. We saw a wheel fall OFF someones rental skate while they were skating!  All they need to do is care just a little to improve this place. When you look across the floor, nobody is having fun! Nobody is laughing, no shuffle skating with friends, no enjoyment at all. Wanna make a fortune? Open a skating rink. If this place had ANY competition at all, they would've gone out of business years ago.
4 I was invited to a private event which you can hold on Monday nights in 2 hour time frames! We happen to have had the 6p-8p time slot! I used my phone mapping program to find this place and it got me lost. If your mapping program tells you to turn on hummingbird lane/dr. It's the wrong way, just look for Boulder Hwy.  The parking lot is quite large but a bit dark if your not parking near the building.  Since we prepaid for the event I didn't have to pay at the door.  It was pretty easy to get our skates and the guy behind the counter was pleasant.  With our ticket purchase we could get a hot dog or slice of pizza & a small drink. The pizza was the better choice. It's Freshetta pizza, so not fresh but it was cooked just right. It sure did hit the spot!! The hot dog wasn't horrible but the bun was fridge-cold even though it looked like she heated it up in the microwave.  The skating was so much fun!! It's been many many years since the last time I skated!! Round & round we went!! The music was fun and had a variety of decades!! It looked like some people brought CDs of music they wanted played.  Fun times had by all! I'll go back again some day!
5 When I go to an establishment, I like to delve deep into the vibe of the place...and be one with the crowd. This is a damn roller rink; not the Ritz Carlton! c' mon people! I adore this place...It has a great vibe. Something about going around in circles just makes you lose yourself and forget about all your worries and cares. Yes, its an old building. Who cares? Yes, the crowd is a little edgy but that makes it interesting! Personally I like the music they play and think its fun to skate to. But if you dont like the music, play your damn ipod! The food is snack bar food but its cheap and takes care of your hunger after skating for a few hours. I like the staff too! They do their best to keep it safe and control the crowd. Nights and weekends get busy so if you are a beginner or dont like crowds, I suggest going during the day because you will have the whole place to yourself! Anyways, try it out and leave your diva-ness at the door and embrace your inner child and skate your ass off and have a good time!
2 It's slightly majestic here. I dig the roller skating and music. Now, the people, not so much. Place looks like it hasn't been cleaned in years. It's $9 for adults, cash only. The bathrooms were kinda gross and the kids behind the counter are both rude and unprofessional.  I wish they would enforce a strict dress code. Seeing 12 year old girls dressed like strippers is kinda eeewwwww.
1 its just not a good place to take a kids because of teenagers kissing and PDA on the side of the rink. smelly and gross restroom. but this is one of 2 roller rinks in vegas.
5 Great Deal! Great Fun for the kids. I went last 2 tuesdays did not spend more than $30 there each time. We got in, got skates, pizza, drinks and pretzels. what more can you ask for :)
