3 This place gets a gold star in my book, as it's the only place I can find to deliver a fresh, tasty pizza, laden in toppings and gooey cheesiness, to my door at 4 in the morning. Man, late-night poker tourneys are very demanding, and you need fuel to win!  I've never had a problem with placing an order or receiving it in a timely manner.  The prices are pretty much standard pizza prices, and the pizza you receive is pretty much a standard pizza. Nothing fantastic, but nothing to complain about, either.  I will admit that we only order from them when everything else is closed.
4 Free pizza coupon's make this place the best value in town.  What's more is they even deliver 24/7!  Here is the key to ordering from this restaurant: If you like ordering pastas, gyros, sandwiches, or burgers for delivery, you basically get a free pizza to go with it, which is nice for those who like to have a nice hot fresh slice of pizza and toss the rest in the frig for a cold pizza feast later.
3 They delivered at 4AM on a Wednesday night, solid.   I got the buffalo chicken pizza with onion and bacon, but ordered it without the ricotta. Not a big ricotta fan :) My friend got a massive philly cheesesteak that looked delightful.  Not the best quality, but definitely passable for late night food. Decent menu, will probably try a sandwich next time. Decent prices, just a perfectly par place. You see that alliteration? I'm a goddamn poet.
4 Legendary cheese pizza delivery nom nom nom nom. Excellent hangover cure. And excellent pre-party munchie. It's all about their cheese.  2 pizzas w/ 2 toppings, and a liter of Pepsi straight to our hotel door under 40 min = $31. Delivered by legit Italian pizza mafia.  You gotta try their cheese!
2 Stopped here the other night for a quick late night dinner to share with my boyfriend. I got the philly cheese steaks with grilled onions, plus tomato and lettuce- which was 6.99 a sandwich. Each was a very light, fluffy, toasted roll filled with lots of cheese plus grilled beef and onions with a few slices of tomato and leaves of romaine. Not an extraordinary sandwich but an easy solution after a late work night. They offer chicken wings, fingers, salads, warm and cold sandwiches, pizza and different pastas. Reminds me of you standard neighborhood pizza joint.   Pro: Open late, if not 24 hours! Yay for people who work late for me having yet another option for food.  Con: Food seems overpriced for what it is. Not a sit-down restaurant,  the decor is more suited to waiting for a quick pizza to go.   Once I try the pizza I'll give it a more in depth review, but so far I'm not planning a return trip any time soon. It filled my belly but wasn't crave worthy for me.
3 The graveyard shift gang at work always ordered from this place because they delivered till 4am. If you're not watching your fat intake... rejoice. This place has good Philly cheesesteaks, chicken fingers, wings, fries (ask for extra crispy if your doing delivery, they get soggy fast), antipasto salad, chicken Caesar salad.   My only grip is the delivery fee on top of a tip.
1 How many different ways can you say terrible? Pizza super greasy and undercooked...chicken parm is horrible...not sure if that is even actually chicken. I would rather eat a tv dinner. Better be nice and drunk if you are going to give this place a shot.  So..I tried the "new" location.... delivery. Still no good....sub-par pizza just as I remember. Oh well...what can ya do?
1 Could not find 0 stars. Got one of there flyer's on the door and decided we were desperate enough to try this place for their spaghetti, meatballs and pizza. Boy, what a mistake!!!! The food was promised in 30 to 45 minutes and arrived in just a hair under 2 hours. Lets start with the food had a weird smell to it. Now we opened the spaghetti. It was cold, extremely dry, flavorless, the noodles were dried out like they were cooked yesterday. In their menu it states they "only use the finest quality imported pasta". BULL $HIT. If they did, they imported it cooked already. Now for the meatballs, low grade hamburger meat cooked in grease with absolutely, I mean absolutely no seasoning or flavoring and small, way to small for the price of them. The pizza was dry, crust was hard as a rock, cold and the pizza smelled & tasted like one of those frozen pizzas you get from the supermarket. The toppings besides the pepperoni was sparse, a light sprinkling of about a half a hand full for a 24" pie. And guess what the soda that came with the meal was warm. Warmer then the pizza and spaghetti. We called back to get a refund, and the manager (or some flunkie with a fake foreign accent (wasn't quite Italian, maybe Greek)) gives us a bunch of lip about how their food is cooked fresh. After about 10 minutes of bickering back and forth, the "manager" claimed that all his food is frozen. Gee, hence the freezer taste of everything. We finally had to drive to their location and surrender our food (which was fine, it was stinking up the house) and got a refund. YUCK YUCK YUCK with a serving of YUCK. Buyer beware.
4 Simple: David is awesome. We buy pizza from him on Mondays and they are great every time. Great pizza for a great price! We hope to cater from him down the road.
2 1:30 a.m.....3 people starving with not a 24/7 McDonald's around....We have been getting these menus from Cafe Verdi at our door for quite some time but I was reluctant...However, with 2 hungry men and not wanting to cook, I decided to order from Cafe Verdi on Maryland Parkway.  First, I'll comment on the telephone service....The gentleman who answered the phone was VERY personable and friendly.  He did not have any problems understanding what I wanted to order.  He placed me "briefly" on hold..and I don't mean for more than a minute, maybe,I would assume to verify that they delivered to our little corner of the world.  After confirming, he asked what I wanted and I proceeded to place the following order:  1-Double Bacon Cheeseburger, well done...he replied that well done is "standard"..which is a good thing...We don't like under cooked hamburger....2. Cheese steak with grilled onions (no special ordering instructions) and a Triple Decker BLT without the "T"..(don't like tomatoes)  He quickly took the order and gave me my total..which I found to actually be reasonable considering the hour and the food we ordered...and explained it would be about an hour...O.k...No problem....Waiting is not a problem....We expected the food around 2:30 a.m.....imagine my surprise when not 35 minutes later, there was the delivery man...just a little behind my husband who had just arrived home after a very long long day at work..so..as far as delivery time, they Excelled...arriving well ahead of the stated time...Now as far as the food.....My brother in law got the Double Bacon Cheeseburger....well done exactly as he wanted and he Raved about it....Said it was something he would "Definitely" order again....My husband got the Cheese steak with grilled onions....It didn't look to be anything out of the ordinary...but my husband said he "would" order it again....so far so good...Now my Triple Decker BLT Club...no tomatoes....It was a "standard" club sandwich....3 slices of bread....bacon/lettuce/mayo on white bread....Mayo was just fine...lettuce was fresh...My ONLY complaint on this sandwich was that the bacon was VERY under cooked....to the point where I was afraid to eat most of it......I don't like under cooked anything, especially meat....so that was not a high point for my "dinner".....If I were to order it again I would emphasize Well-done/Crispy bacon....another thing about the order....for the price, a few fries with the sandwiches would have been a nice thing...although I understand that the "lunch specials" do come with fries and a soda.....All in all, I'd say....Not bad...Not great..but not so bad that we won't order again...Next time I'm trying the pasta...(manicotti/stuffed shells or ravioli)....After the next order I WILL update...Thanks for reading....Have a wonderful day!
1 I am in Las Vegas on business and working late. I didn't want to go out anywhere and had a flyer under my hotel room door. I ordered the lasagna and garlic bread. I was told it would be delivered in 45 min - 1 hour. I called after 1 hour 20 minutes and was told it's on it's way. I finally got it about 10 minutes after I called (1.5 hours after ordering). The lasagna was barely warm, almost cold, and the garlic bread was dry and hard. The soda was cold, which tells me the lasagna sat there for a while before the delivery guy grabbed the soda out of the cooler and brought it to me. I ate it because it was late and I didn't want to go anywhere. The next day, I was sick to my stomach and spent most of the day in the restroom.
4 Value, food and service all great. Missing ambience, TV for sport games would be great.
3 The food is good, cheese pizza is yummy.   BUT, the staff is just rude. The old guy who answers the phone is an annoying ass, and then when you pick it up, they act like you are annoying them and taking up their time.   BTW-it's the 2nd time in a row the old guy who took our order via phone was rude for no reason. He acted like I was 3 years old, yelling "Hold on hold on..." multiple times as I slowly told him what we wanted.   With sooo many choices, I may not go back. Too bad, the food was good at a decent price.
1 This is the first and only negative review.  We used to order here at least twice a week, because the food was good and the 24/7 delivery is a great convenience.  When one of our credit cards showed "irregular activity", my wife and I realized that Cafe Verdi was the main place we used the card. When the replacement card arrived, we used it only at Cafe Verdi. A couple of months later, we had the same irregular activity again. So, we decided to go elsewhere.  Just don't use your credit card at this establishment.
4 First timer; ordered off Grubhub. I figured since it was on the list to deliver to me it would be close. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, which comes with fries and a pickle, and I also ordered chicken fingers. It estimated delivery about 45 minutes to 1 hour later, standard delivery estimates. When an hour came and still no food, I realized I should check this place on my map. It was a 20 min drive away and there was construction in between in a lot of areas, oops. (I recommend checking traffic before ordering delivery.) So I was expecting my food to be in really poor condition especially with all these negative comments.  I'm not gonna lie, when I got my food it smelt terrible. I'm pretty sure that's because of the hot pickle.. Naturally the fries were soggy, so I was worried my burger would be too. First I took of my wilted lettuce, then I took a bite. It was amazing! Maybe because I was starving, maybe because I was expecting it to be soggy and sickening, but it was wonderfully crispy and the flavors were really great! Then I checked the chicken fingers, I was also expecting them to be soggy like the fries were, and yet again I was happily surprised! The weren't soggy at all, in fact they were perfectly crispy. All in all, my mistake in ordering delivery from a 24-hour, delivers anywhere, food establishment, was not as much of a mistake as I thought it could be..
1 I ordered the family pack today from cafe verdi and I was supposed to receive a pizzia 3 pounds of wings and soda. So they said delivery was going to take 30 mins so about a hour and a half goes by and I get my food and I open the wings and I have 12 wings so just by doing the math 12 wings wouldn't add up to 3 pounds unless I'm stupid.  The pizzia was the most greasy dirt of pizza I've ever had I called the uneducated  manager and he said he didn't make the menu and starting cussing at me. The smart choice here is insted of sending 30 bucks and cafe verdi call your closest napolies pizza and get good food.
1 If you like waiting over two hours for cold food then you'll love Cafe Verdi.  I gave them a second chance last night after they took over two hours the first time I ordered from them. Last night was the same deal, only this time they brought us the wrong entree. Their garlic bread is somehow burnt yet soggy, the salad looked like the lettuce had gone bad and when we called for the third time to tell them our order was screwed up they told us we were wrong and were incredible rude about it.  There are a lot of decent places to order food from in Vegas, this isn't one of them.
1 New restaurant opened in Henderson, decided to give it a try since the one on Maryland Parkway in Vegas has great food. I ordered for delivery. I was told it would be an hour. After a couple calls and 2 1/2 hours later the food arrived, cold pizza and wings, and warm soda! Not even a comp offered. Driver gets here and says this is wrong, I'm going to have the manager call you, and guess what?? You guessed it! No call!! Hey!! I work hard for my money and I am not going to spend it on cold food and incompetent people thank you very much!!! Awful service!!
4 I h e a very love hate relationship with Cafe Verdi.   Pros: Amazing hot sandwiches   Cons: Meh salads Slowest delivery service in Vegas.  I order from them on occasion because their Philly's and Meatball subs are to die for, but I have to be prepared to wait 1 1/2 - 2 hours for it to come. This place is probably better if you eat in.
2 My food was delivered an hour later then they said to expect it.  That wouldn't have been as annoying if the food was worth the wait.  Chicken fingers were burnt, salad was limp and slimy along with having bits of black debris mixed in it which was definitely not pepper or any seasoning of sort.  I didn't even eat it.  This was my first time ordering from this place, and my last.
1 very disappointed. gave them a third try because the first and second times were horrible in regart to food, delivary time and order accuracy. ordered a mushroom swiss medium mozzarella sticks with extra ranch. when the food came it was cold, my burger was burnt to a crisp,fries were soggy and the mozzarella sticks were still cold in the middle, and they forgot my ranch! Never again will I order from them.
2 After reading the reviews my coworkers and I were a bit skeptical about ordering from Café Verdi but we were pleasantly surprised. While the wait was long (about an hour and a half - though our location is hard to find.) the food arrived warm and delicious.  We ordered a variety of things from the menu. My coworker Bridgette and I decided t go splitsies on a Buffalo Chicken Pizza. The pizza was great in our opinions. The onions were sweet which was a nice offset to the mild spiciness of the Buffalo sauce (personally I would have liked to have had more of the Buffalo sauce, but the amount there was perfectly acceptable). The crust is plain in general with no pizzazz or distinct flavor. For a CHICKEN pizza there was a lot of bacon and the ricotta cheese was a nice compliment to the dish as a whole but not necessary. In the end we both went back for seconds and I would recommend it. We also ordered Jalapeno Poppers considering we are all fans of the classic BBQ side. The taste was 'good' but it lacked the spice we look forward to as a group. In my opinion they were a bit cold, but that was probably due to the wait time. All in all, not bad and we would recommend for flavor but not for spice. On top of that we ordered Mozzarella Sticks. There is nothing defining about them as they are your run of the mill freezer appetizer but notably the marinara sauce was thin and oily which was disappointing and kind of gross. I would not recommend if you are picky. My coworker ordered the Spaghetti and Meatballs; he enjoyed the pasta, and the sauce was 'soupy' he can be quoted as saying "the meatballs taste frozen and processed" and he would not recommend it to a perspective customer. My boss ordered the Steak Calzone Everything - no mushrooms. He can be quoted as saying the calzone was "decent" but he gives it two thumbs up.... This inconsistency in enthusiasm is probably due to his personality but I digress. He would "definitely recommend" it to a perspective customer. Lastly I ordered cheesecake being the resident sweet tooth of the office and am sorry to say I was disappointed. I was looking forward to a great slice of dessert and what I got was pre packaged and frozen. After it defrosted the taste was mediocre. All in all a lot of the food came off as frozen and not fresh but it's still edible and of average quality.
2 Ok, if you have no other options.   I work graveyard, and this is one of the only places that delivers near me overnight.  Their pizza is ok, NY style.  But, aside from their pizza, I'd advise to stay away.  I don't think there's a single fresh ingredient anywhere to be found. That includes their meat/chicken.   It's not too hard to throw a chicken breast on a flat grill, but this place insists on using pre-cooked chicken on it's items.. And you can really tell.   All of their appetizers are frozen, and fried.  If this is your last ditch resort, then go ahead.. But if you have other options, exercise them!
1 Cant say anything about the food because it was so bad we didnt last that long there. My boyfriend and I went to dine in and were completely ignored. We had to go up to the counter to ask for menus, they gave us one. Then we waited and waited and none of the THREE workers who were just sitting there chatting ever came to take our order. We got up and left and went to maestros where we got outstanding service. F cafe Verdi.
1 2 THUMBS WAY DOWN!!! Used to eat here all the time. Will likely not be returning after my last visit. Had minor issues in the past, but tonight was the final straw. The pizza and burgers are great. But I decided to come with my girlfriend to impress her with their good food. We ordered the pickup special and a fettuccine Alfredo. The pizza was good, and only $5. The fettuccine however was overcooked, bland,  looked old, had zero protein whatsoever and costs almost $10 after tax!! There is more sustenance in HALF of the pizza I ordered.  When i complained the lady looked at me and said "it's been that way for years, and your the first person to complain." Riigghhht. The lady didn't even offer to remake it for me or offer incentive to come back. At the very least she could have offered to throw some chicken or broccoli on top. Ridiculous!! I (used to) come here almost every night. Probably will never return. This is the last straw. AND they charge an extra dollar just to use a debit card. Cafe verde STEP IT UP. And get rid of the white lady with black hair already
4 Just like you may read in a few other reviews, they do take around two hours to deliver, however the food really is awesome. I am extremely picky about pizza and their pizza was extremely good. Aside from bringing me the incorrect soda, I ordered Pepsi and they brought me a Sprite, I have no complaints. Especially from a place that I ordered from at 6 AM.
2 Their food is usually mediocre at best. Plus is that they deliver to my area 24 hrs. However the customer service is terrible most hours of the day, you're on hold for half an hour or they treat you like a burden instead of a customer. One of the workers talked to my girlfriend as if she were a piece of garbage once as well, due to them being "busy" late on a slow night. I would order elsewhere if it weren't for convinience...
1 2 1/2 hours to deliver burnt cold food. Just ordered a calzone, uploaded the photo shocked that any cook could let this be served to people. Definitely NOT ordering from them again. Quality has gotten way worse than it used to be.
1 If I could give 0 stars I would. I literally live across the street and my food arrived 45 minutes late, cold and burnt. I'm beyond disappointed.
4 I ordered the blackened chicken Cesar salad, it was surprisingly really good, the chicken has great flavor. I also ordered the jalapeño poppers which were still crispy upon arrival.  I almost didn't order from here because of the bad reviews. But it was good, and I would totally order from here again. And it's also nice because it's open late.
1 I usually get a thin crust pizza from this place once a week or so. Last night was no different. Until a few hours after my boyfriend and I finished the pizza. We started vomiting and have continued to do so for over 12 hours. :( I will never get another pizza here again.
1 Why does delivery take so long. I dont get it. My sandwich wad freezing cold when i got it, and if i wasnt starving i wouldve never eaten it. Plus the delivery driver was so unfriendly.
1 When the driver finally arrived he was very rude I asked him if he needed me to sign anything since it was a credit card he said I'll go back to my car well that's exactly what he did he never came back to the door again needless to say I couldn't fill in a tip amount fortunately Eat24 made it right and refunded my entire purchase price.  It's not even about the money why doesnt anybody take any pride anymore??
1 Had the worst service ever in my life. Ordered a spinach pizza and waited over two hours before they delivered. Called to see if we could get a discount and the guy never apologized and didn't offer any discount. Then we open the pizza and it's ice cold plus it was the wrong pizza, it was a buffalo chicken pizza instead. Called back again and talked apparently to a manager and he said he would send us a free pizza in 45 minutes which turned into another hour. We are regulars but we will never order from this location again, they just lost a loyal customer. This is completely ridiculous be careful when you order from this place it was 5am before we got free pizza.
3 Not the best, and by far I have had worst. I'm originally from Youngstown, OH, and have also lived in Pittsburgh, PA and Cleveland, OH. So, finding a pizza shop in Vegas that can come close to the pizza I was used to prior to moving here 2 years ago is very, very difficult.  For us, this location is convenient. We are able to walk to and from the Shop, the pizza is better than average, and the price is very reasonable. It blows my mind the price many places here in Vegas charge for Pizza.  Another plus is being open 24 hours. Service has never been anywhere near as bad as some are saying in their reviews. Not sure what the rest of the food is like, or what the service is like if eating in. But, for take out, the service is fine.  We typically get one of the specials, either a 12" with one topping for $5.99, or 16" with one topping for $6.99. And, it is possible to have the toppings done half and half. I like my pizza cooked well done, and make sure to ask for this when ordering. I have no doubt there are likely better pizza places here in Vegas, but I'm not a person who is able, or willing to pay $14-18 for a pizza. And, without a car, the location makes this our place for pizza. The pizza is a bit greasy, and there is not quite enough sauce for my liking. But, the toppings are very good, the cheese is good and I really like the crust.  I gave the store 3 stars, but wish I could have given it 3.5
1 Ordered a cheese pizza, waited about 2 hours. Pizza was already cold. The pizza itself was ok, a little salty. Apparently they were busy, delivery man was apologetic and asked if I still wanted my pizza.
1 Zero star? Can't make a zero star, I'll give it a 1 star. Food sucks, I relate it to prison food. Maybe worst than that. Service is more worst than the food. It's couple guys in there talking about dumb shit
2 Ordered a cheese pizza, it was $9 for a 8" pizza. Pizza was cold and cheese was hard. It wasn't good at all.
