5 Dr Raissi is the best. He took care of my achilles tear and was fantastic. I also recommend Dr Miao for anything above the knee. Both are great Dr's and are very nice.
5 Dr. Watson's group took great care of me and was there throughout the whole process.  Great job.   Thank you.
4 My son had knee surgery here and I really love how caring and compassionate the nurses are here. They took great care of my son after he came out of his surgery and made sure we knew how to treat and take care of our son post-op. Also, the next day they called to check on my boy and ask if I had any concerns or questions. Professionals all the way.
2 I show up 15 minutes late and the clerk refuses for me to sign in. Really?!?! You can let me sit and wait for Hoya, but I must not be late. Poor customer service! When you check out it takes forever and there is nowhere to sit! Really...I have stitches in my foot but have nowhere to sit! Usually the clerk complains to every patient she was supposed to leave at 4:30, while blankly staring at her screen and not helping people. The surgical side is really nice, but different staff. I wish they sent out their customer satisfaction survey for the other office visits!
1 Had a 1:30 Appointment today (5/21/14) with Dr. Baldauf.  Received a call around 10 that the doctor was in surgery and we could either see his Physicians Assistant or reschedule.  We opted to see the PA.  Got to the office in plenty of time, and was shown into an exm room at 1:40.  The nurse or whoever the female was that showed us to the room, asked the usual questions and her last question was, "And you are okay to see the PA?"  We said yes and as she left she said she will be right in.  At 3:20, Dr. Baldauf came into the room. My mother, who is the patient let him have it for her waiting so long.  He was apologetic in his arrogant way stating well I am in scrubs!  He wasn't interested in listening to what I had to say.  So it was decided that my mother would get an injection, which is what we had the appointment for in the first place.  He said his PA would be in to do the injection.  10 minutes later she arrives and apologies again for the delays.  When I told her we had agreed to see the PA instead of the doctor, she said she was with the doctor in surgery.  Well maybe this story works for spouses or whoever you are lying too but soneone really did lie here.  I would not take another family member to this group of doctors if they were the only ones left in town! Medicare will also here about the kind of service this office offers.  My mother is 91 and it was very uncomfortable for her to sit on that table for that long.  Think it might border on ELDER ABUSE!
