5 I moved to this part of town beginning of the year so I made it a point to research nearby preschool/daycare centers before moving so my daughter will have a place to go after we move.  They are very clean.  They have 5 students/teacher, which is rare, considering other places when asked over the phone, would say 10-12 kids per teacher, yikes.  They are the only place that gave us option for part-time daycare.  All other places charged for a full week, when a lot of people are unemployed or part-time employed, it makes no sense to pay a full week for day care when your child will not be there full time.  They give us a report of her day everyday, down to what she ate, how her mood was, how many times diapers are changed and when.  They are very thorough and most importantly, they taught my daughter a lot.  She comes home happy, she made us exercise with her, sing with her, draw with her (I didn't teach her, so no doubt she learned  that from school).  I have recommended acquaintances to send their kids there and have seen them there so they, too, have found this place trust-worthy for their kids.    They seem to be a very legit honest place of business that I trust my child with and they are definitely worth checking out.
5 This is the 3rd daycare we went to when we moved to Las Vegas.  Although it was difficult to change daycares three times within the first few months it was well worth it.  It made us realize how poor the first two were after being at Hand in Hand.  They treat our two boys (ages 1 and 2) so well and they love it there.  They get great socialization and a learning curriculum.  Really highly recommended to any parents trying to decide on a daycare, you can tell the front desk ladies and teachers are genuine and not just there for a paycheck.
5 I absolutely love this Preschool (not daycare). I have two boys and my first son has gone to three different Daycare/Preschools. My youngest has been to only one other daycare and by far this is the best at of all of them.   The amount you pay her is not bad for the education they give your child. You do have to bring lunch but I actually prefer it this way because my son can be picky so I know what I am packing for him  he will eat.   The teachers and staff are all friendly and pleasant to speak with. They have a great curriculum. My son just turned 4 and writes very good (sometimes better them my oldest) he is learning how to add and is loving. They make it fun for the kids so its easy for them to catch on.   I would definitely recommend coming to visit this preschool.
