3 For me their really isn't a worse way to shill something then to have to use UPS. If you have a business account they offer great service, but for the everyday Joe they are a total rip.   Every shippment through them is twice as expensive and gets to the location in double the time. WTF.... The only benefit of he UPS store is not having to wait in the ridiculous USPS line and deal with some over worked, over paid Postal worker.
1 I signed up for the mailbox service in person, and when I did the female employee clearly stated "There is no other fee when you request your mail to be forwarded other than the postage you pay to have it sent to you." So I signed on for their 12-month service.  Gave them my credit card number to keep "On File". Imagine my surprise when I first requested mail forwarding and my card was charged an extra $5? When I called, the male employee on the phone said, "No, the woman misspoke. There is a $5 fee on top of your postage each time you ask for mail forwarding. I am the general manager," and proceeded to be annoyed at my puzzlement. Then he claimed he didn't have my credit card on file. When I insisted I had given it (how else did the first forwarded batch get to me??) he claimed that UPS must have shipped my last batch for free, since he couldn't find my credit card info -- all the while getting more annoyed at me!  When I insisted they had my card info and I didn't want to give it a second time, and I also wanted assurances that they didn't lose my info somewhere (!), he went and FOUND my original info. He had it the whole time.  So just watch out when you sign up for a service with this UPS Store, and check your bank statement/credit card for anything that looks unusual. They clearly don't train their employees well, if someone "misspoke" about a charge and got you to sign on. They are really nice in person but seem to be very disorganized, and I am wishing I didn't sign on for a year and entrust them with my mail :(
5 Love this UPS store :) staff is very friendly & always helpful. Store is well kept & its never over crowded so the line/wait is short. I'll never go anywhere else!
4 I send alot of things to my daughter with ups. So I go there alot. Just sent her a Easter basket. The customer service there was great!! She boxed it up sent it and told me when it was going to be there. Good store..
