4 I love this place.  There aren't many Korean/Chinese style places here in Vegas.  The Jjampong (Spicy Noodle Soup) is really good here along with the Jjajang myun (Black Soybean noodle).  The Chinese food isn't bad either.  The service is friendly, and the price is decent.  It might not be the most decorative place inside, but the food is still very good.  Korean/Chinese style is different from just Korean and Chinese.  However, I think generally people will still like this type of food.
5 Always good, every time!  The staff is always very friendly, food is prepared quickly and is excellent!  Highly recommended.  It's now called Beijing though, looks like same ownership just different name.
5 This is the go-to place when we want Jjampong and Jjajang myun.  Jjampong-Spicy seafood noodle soup, with a flavorful broth.  We have tried other korean, korean/chinese restaurant, and this bowl of noodle soup is usually JUST spice, not much of any flavor.  Here, you can taste the spice, plus the nice sweet seafood soup.  Note, the bowl is freakin huge!!!!!  Definitely more bang for your buck.  Jjang myun-noodles with black bean sauce, small bitty chunks of tender pork and shredded veggies.  Once again, have tried at many restaurants, but this place has got to be the best!  I love it here.  So yummy.  I started liking jjang myun because of this place.  Orange flavored beef-ok ok...I know, this might not be the typical dish that an asianized asian girl like me would order, but please read on...So anyways, I enjoyed this place's orange beef the most, due to the beef thinly sliced and nicely batter fried so that each bite, there is the crispiness of the outside and the tender beef  in the inside.  Other places that I have tried is unable to get the crispiness on batter, and worse, the chewy  meat in the middle.  That's no bueno.  I got this today  for lunch instead of my Jjang myun, but no worries, I will be back soon for that.    The lunch special is $5.95 for the entree, plus an egg roll/salad, and a soup.  In addition, they give you a small bowl of pickled daikon and their kim chi (preserved cabbage).  The kim chi complimented my orange beef very well.  Service has always been awesome for us here.  They are soooooo nice!!!
5 This is my review of 'Beijing Chinese Cuisine' (as other yelper mentioned before),,,the one right next to Sin City Sushi :P  I am very pleased to write this review(even though it's past my bed time-.-;;;;) I FINALLY found a great place to taste Korean-Chinese cuisine in town. I've been tried so many different places in the past but I couldn't find the one that has the genuine taste of Korean-Chinese dishes in Las Vegas.  I was highly recommended this place by good friend of mine to try some Jjamppong, Jjajangmyun, and Mandu!   Growing up in Korea, I have early memories of eating Jjamppong, Jjajangmyun, & Mandu all the tme. It was a ubiquitous dish, not to mention cheap. Occassionally, my family had ordered it for delivery, the delivery man would carry the food in a big tin box with handles, on a motorcycle :P The noodles came in actual bowls, so after finish eating our delicious meal, we'd have to put the dirty dishes outside by the door(usually don't need to wash the bowls for them), so that the delivery man could come back for it later to pick up. I assume this is no longer the case in the State, haha :D   Some people might ask,"What is Korean-Chinese Cuisine?" Well, it is originated from traditional Chinese dishes but has been influenced by local ingredients in Korea. Because of the closeness in place, most Korean-Chinese dishes are traced from Northern styles of Chinese cuisine such as Beijing, Tianjin, and Shandong cuisine and these three are the best known regional cuisines of Northern China. Korean-chinese cuisine was born when Chinese immigrants settled in Korea in the 19th century, and 2005 marked the 100th anniversary of this popular dishes, according to wikipedia :)   Ok,, now the highlights of K-C dishes~  ---Jjamppong(a spice noodle soup flavored with all the vegetables, Seafood, meat, & chilly oil): You can ask a server how spice you want from mild to very spicy :) It was a perfect right amount of spiciness and rich flavor of the broth. OMG!!  ---Jjajangmyun(a steamed noodle in black bean sauce, with diced pork, onion, potato, & garlic,,serves with cucumber pieces on top): not salty at all, all the ingredients were blended well together and gave a perfect taste of Jjajangmyun!  ---Mandu(home made pork dumpling or goyza :P, either boiled-Mul-Mandu, steamed-Jjin-Mandu, grilled or fried-Gun-Mandu): I recommend these dishes to try with a dipping sauce of soysauce and vinegar that you can easily find on the table. I tried their Jjin-Mandu. I really loved their Mandu!!!  It was a real homemade dumpling that my mom and grandma would make it back home. It seemed like they put right amount of pork, cabbage, onion, garlic, scallion, Korean leek, clear noodle, tofu, & etc,.  As might be expected, it came with pickled radish (with a splash of vinegar) and kimchi, yay   The people next to me, they were looking at my Jjajangmyun and asked what I was having...All of a sudden, they put aside their menus and ended up getting the same dishes as mine. I was glad that they also loved their dishes admitting first time trying out Korean-Chinese Cuisine for them. The owner came by the table a couple of times and was very friendly. According to her story, she is a main chef and now she has been teaching her son to be a good chef of Korean-Chinese cuisine :) If you eager to have K-C cuisine that you usually tried back home or simply you are craving for some good K-C cuisine, go for it!
1 I use to really like this place and loved to get their food delivered. But this past Friday was a horrible experience. I placed the order total of 50.00 got our food delivered about one hour and 15 min later. I was so excited to eat since we were starving but all the food was cold!! I called them and said I know you guys are busy but there should be no reason my food  came to me cold. The lady on the phone said oh I'm so sorry let me talk to the driver and call you back. OF COURSE THEY NEVER CALLED BACK OR CARED THAT THEY SERVED US CRAP I WILL NEVER EVER ORDER FROM THESE PEOPLE AGAIN HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
2 I rated Beijing two stars because the food was well prepared.  I tried the Spicy Seafood Noodle Soup.  The seafood: shrimp, squid, 1 mussel, as well as the vegetables and noodles were all properly cooked; that is not overcooked to the point of being unchewable or boiled into a mushy pablum.  The problem was that the soup tasted like colored water.  I doused the bowl with additional chile sauce, with more and more salt, with white pepper, and still the broth swirled in the bowl like insipid, unsteeped tea.  I also sampled the Cashew Chicken.  The dish boasted the same attributes, but suffered from the same irremedial flaw: lack of flavor.  Oh, the portion was huge, piled with cashews, but in spite of the colorful vegetables, the thin darkly colored sauce tasted very much like the soup broth.  This is a family restaurant, everyone but the dishwasher seems related.  We were seated promptly, of course, only one other person, aside from the entire restaurant staff sat in the restaurant.  Our table lacked forks or napkins, which the server did not bring, when she served the appetizer.  I finally had to rob the set-ups from another table.  I did this as the seated hostess watched with obvious ennui.  I wouldn't go back, especially since Pin Kaow, a superb Thai restaurant, sits right up the street.
3 Food here is consistent.  Is it Wo Hops in NYC? No.  But it's a he'll of a lot cheaper and just as good as PF Changs.
4 I've eaten there twice, both time I really enjoyed it. Had the spicy seafood soup. Not spicy at all to me but maybe they adjust for different taste buds. It was still really good. The other dishes were also very tasty.  We had the ribs, woonton soup, lo mein all tasted very good.The one lady that always serves is really nice as well so makes me want to return. They have a buy one get one beer special, too!
4 No frills good taste and fast service.
3 Another place I tried in Vegas hoping for good jjambbong and unfortunately, this place is just about average as well. The broth can have more flavor and the noodle quality isn't all that great. This is, however, one of the better bowls of jjambbong in Vegas. I would choose to go here over Greenland Supermarket or Jin Mee at convention center.   I suggest this place particularly for their lunch specials. Great deals and pretty good food.
5 If you are looking for truly authentic Chinese food, look no further.  I was visiting my boyfriend for the weekend when we stumbled upon this little hidden gem.  We decided to give it a try.  Having both spent many months in China, we love to find the truly authentic asian cuisine.  We ordered the combo for two people which included spring rolls, wontons, soup, and each got a  platter of food.  The service was very fast and they were very attentive to our table.  Our whole meal was about $24.  A great deal for the amount of food we got.  We had leftovers for a few meals after that.  The owner and her husband are such sweet people.  Make sure to check this place out.  It's awesome!
3 First thing that grabbed my attention was the very friendly staff... That eventually turned into awkwardness throughout our meal.   Came here on a whim, on a Thursday night. There was a few other people inside, just enough to see that it wasn't doing terrible with business. Sat down and was greeted by a nice Asian lady, we ordered the veggie spring rolls, teriyaki chicken, and after much confusion with a language barrier, also ordered the Singapore noodles.   The food was fine, nothing special, and actually the sweet & sour sauce was actually terrible and extremely artificial tasting. Like kool-aid or something. But the thing that stuck with me the most was the staff, and probably not a great way. I don't know if he was the owner, manager, or what.... But there was this older white man walking around to tables asking how everything was and confusing many people like me. He wasn't in any sort of uniform or anything- just your average Joe.   Also, our waitress was hovering around our table watching us like a hawk to see if we needed anything else at all, and wasn't afraid to share her opinion on the food we were eating (at one point she almost touched our food during her excitement to explain everything). That's where all the awkwardness comes in. But besides that, it's not bad, not really that great either, but... Not bad.
3 Great staff.. Very Attentive..  I had the Jajangmyun. It tasted OK, a bit bland. It had tons of onions and I think it had a bit of meat but didn't see it.
4 Husband & I went here today before grocery shopping after reading reviews and I was very scared when I walked in, to be quite honest. We were seated and our waitress was adorable and friendly, very attentive but not obnoxious. We decided to go to lunch so if it did suck, it wouldn't be a waste of money. Anyway, I ordered the cashew chicken and my husband ordered the mongolian beef. We each got hot & sour soup and an egg roll plus our food for $5.95 + drinks. Extremely good deal and the food was awesome! Will be going for dinner next time and trying the seafood soup everyone says to try! (:
4 This review is for dine in service.  Take out service would have gotten 5 stars for sure.  The food is good.  Everything is fresh and taste really good.  The service is not so good.  Staff sitting down watching the tv's while you are eating is kinda trashy.  If you need more tea or water you have to get their attention and wave them down in order to get refills.  That is the only part that i didnt like.    Would I Come Back in.....For Take Out No problem would i Dine in....Problably not.
5 I ate here with a couple of friends on a friday night and had the family special, Mongolian beef, house special chicken, fried rice, appetizer, soup for ~30 with a BOGO bud light.   - Friendly and fast service. Although the dinner was only for two, the waiter gave us a free bowl of soup. No wait time, food comes fresh right away. - mongolian beef was not the best i ever had, but for the price, it deserves good ratings! - great beer deal!  ^____^ ^___^!
4 I have been driving by this place for awhile now and today was the day I stopped to check it out.  The lunch specials cannot be beat at $5.99.  It came with soup, chicken corn or hot & sour, salad or egg roll and steamed or fried frice.  I ordered the beef with mushrooms.  The portion was generous, I could not finish it all and I have a healthy appetite.  The waitress was attentive and so nice, she stopped to talk to us.  I think she was the owner, I will ask her next time I go.
2 This is just your standard Chinese joint in a strip mall. Yes, the deal for lunch seems impressive at $5.99, but quality and taste tell the story. The hot/sour soup was lukewarm and had no taste, the egg roll was like a slider egg roll (very tiny, almost a one-biter thing). Main course was bland, but did have fresh string beans and the scoop of rice seemed to shortchange me, it was less than a bowl of rice. Staff was Ok, but nobody can speak english and as in every Chinese place, if you arrive after the lunch rush, the cook and family will be chomping down on their own lunch in the dining room usually right next to your table. Go set up a table and eat in the back. Very unprofessional, should have went to Rubio's.
5 $5.95 lunch special including soup and egg roll.  They have the best sweet and sour chicken, beating any other restaurant I've eaten in (including Chinatown in San Francisco.  I have been here twice and the service is great.  I like refills on my drink and was always taken care of promptly.
4 My co-workers and I decided to try out this place (mainly for the special :)) and it's close to our office. Service was excellent and the food was hot and tasty! I got the broccoli and mushroom with rice. Quick service, friendly staff, yummy food - I will definitely be back.
4 I love coming to place for their lunch specials. It's cheap and they give good service for a Chinese restaurant, a major plus for me. I usually have their Teriyaki Chicken and it comes with soup, sweet and sour or chicken corn.. Chicken corn was my choice then you have the option of having salad or egg rolls.. i chose the egg rolls. This is a great place to eat if your in a hurry and if your on a budget. Great value for a sit down restaurant, the service is great they are on top of everything. This is located on serene and eastern. try now..
5 When it comes to your favorite food you are always critical on how it taste, smells and looks. Well at least I am. When you first walk into to Beijing Chinese Cuisine you first notice the smell of great food, you are second greeted by a friendly staff and then you see your food. Wow, this place has large portions great prices that worth every penny.   The best thing to have when your sick is no longer chicken noodle soup. Trust me go into this place and order there hot and sour soup, not only is it the best hot sour soup in Vegas but it really makes you feel like you cured your cold with the lightly spicy and warm full filling soup.   That dish is not even there best. They have so many to choose from its hard to pick from there full menu of pork, chicken and beef plates, noodles and rice plates, exocit plates, and appetizers. They are all great.  Most of there dishes come with a free side of white rice which just puts this place above the rest. Service is awesome for a Chinese Food restaurant, if you eat there or take out. This place gets 5 stars every time I go. They have not and do not change there quality in service, price, and taste!
2 I went for lunch, not really impressed.  Hot and sour soup had no flavor.  I got the lemon chicken and it was the worst I have ever had.  Just one big cutlet with very little flavor and a super sugary lemon sauce drenched all over top of it.  I may give this place another chance and order something better or get a dinner item, but so far I am still on the hunt for a decent chinese place in my neighborhood.
4 I came with a friend for lunch. Right away we were seated. I ordered the sesame chicken it came with your choice of soup, salad, and eggroll. I got hot & sour soup with salad. There was not many people in for lunch so out food came quickly. To my surprise the portions were huge for a lunch serving.  The staff was very attentive.  The food was good service was great. The restaurant was also clean.
5 Ordered lunch from them multiple times, and the food tastes great (I'm Chinese, I'm authorized to judge this).  That's not what earned them 5 stars from me though, the restaurant is about a minimum of a 10 minute drive from where I ordered, usually 15 minutes with lunch traffic. Somehow they delivered the food hot and fresh 15 minutes on the dot after we ordered the food. We make a game out of timing the delivery guy in his white Camry, a daring game in which his arrival beats our hunger.
3 This review is strictly for the Korean/Chinese noodles. It's still the best place in town for Korean/Chinese grub, but that's not saying much. Jajang Myun was bland and not enough sauce. The Gan Jajang did have more of that wok flavor that I was looking for, but it just didn't have that flavor we crave. The Champong was the same way. It was about 85% right with shrimp, scored calamari, and muscle, but not quite right with imitation crab meat and cabbage.  The main beef that my family had was with the noodles. It's kinda flat like linguini and didn't have a chewy texture. It was mushy. The girl behind the counter said they machine make their noodles, which is fine. Hand pulled noodles are rare even at Korean owned Chinese restaurants, but there's a definite difference in the texture from Korean machined noodles. That really took away from the experience.   But my two daughters got to try Jajang Myun for the first time, and they really liked it!(Sigh of relief). So I know I'll be back here with my kids.
3 I always have a good experience here. The prices are cheap. We are vegetarian and sometime we find it hard to find good food. Chinese is always nice because we order the vegetables with brown sauce and just pour it over the rice.  The staff is really friendly and seem to appreciate the business
4 Pretty good, I come here for the lunch special somewhat often.  $5.95 from 11a-3p every day and the selection has like 20 things to choose from.  I always get the Mongolian Beef and for the price structure, it is by far the best out here in Vegas.  Good portions of beef, with a starter of choice of soup: corn or hot n sour (honestly I don't like either so I pass) and choice of spring roll or salad (both are good). I always add the cheese wontons (6 for $4.95).  Unfortunately/fortunately, however you want to look at it, this is an "authentic" employer...so I wouldn't recommend asking for things off the menu.  I asked for crab rangoons and was starred at with a blank look...repeated several times, then when I thought about it a little more and asked for cheese wontons I was met with "ok cheese wonton".  it's not on the menu I just always enjoy these.  no added frills to them though from here, just cream cheese in the wonton.   Anywhoo, good place for a good cheap lunch that you will walk out of with a full belly.
3 Well I've been here 3 times now and had to finally write a review. Their lunch specials are great they are like 5 something for your entrée which is huge, plus soup or salad and a spring roll. Also while you wait for your meal you get those little crunchies to dip in the sweet and sour and hot mustard sauces.   So far I have tried their broccoli beef, mongolian beef, house special chicken and most recently the yellow curry chicken that I got for takeout last night. Everything I have tried has been ok. The broccoli beef is broccoli beef, the house chicken is NOT spicy whatsoever and they compare it to a general chicken but it's more like a sweet sauce it has NO spice. And my bf said his chicken tasted different last night like it had already been made and sitting out for a while. Maybe that's why it took literally 5 minutes for us to pick up the food after placing an order on the phone?   I was pleasantly surprised with the curry chicken i had last night.  It was delicious and had pineapple chunks in it! So yum. I literally didn't want to stop eating UNTIL I found a medium sized black hair floating around in the middle of my container. Boo! :/ Nothing makes me more disguted then seeing a hair in my food. Bleh. That killed it. I understand shit happens but I just don't know if I will be back.
5 It was my first time eating at this place...was driving around and I decided I want chinese food and I saw the place....really good food..fresh vegetables and price is really reasonable.....$5.95 lunch special with Entree, Soup, Veg. Roll or Salad, cant beat that.....place was very clean and organized....will definitely come back....
5 Awesome place for great tasting Chinese food this was our first time here but defenetelly will return. I highly recommend this place food has flavor nor ur typical Chinese place. Our waitress was on older lady really friendly and on top of refills (^o^).. Come and enjoy it..
5 This is was my first time here and all can say is WOW! Everything about this place is great first of all as soon as you walk in you get greeted with an "hello how are you" not that many Chinese restaurants do that. The lady was real nice took are drink orders and broth them real quick. Also are food only took 17 mins for 7 dishes that where soooooo fantastic. I felt like I was eating at my moms house it felt real nice. I will defiantly come back here.... And that's a promise.
5 The place is small and clean, great service, with flavorful plates. The lunch special is $5.95 and the price is the same for their seafood dish. I will definitely be back
5 Frankly the best chinese food I've had in a long time.I've lived in all kinds of places including Manhattan, Miami,.Washington,.DC....the Chinese food has complexity in flavor, very fresh for Chinese food, not greasy like most places, and you can taste a variety of herbs and seasons in every dish. The first time I went I knew it would be good because not only can you see the kitchen and see how everything is freshly made per order, the chef is an older Chinese guy, so I knew it would be authentic. The younger guy who takes your order is super nice and has a great understanding of customer service. I'm so happy I now have my go to Chinese in Vegas! Thanks Beijing!
3 TWO OUT OF THREE AIN'T BAD     In recent times, I have dining here three times and in Christmas Day 2012 for lunch. I have sampled three entrees: shrimp with lobster sauce, pepper steak, and spicy eggplant. Two of the three entrees were delicious and one was ok. The shrimp with lobster sauce was delicious. The next time I eat here, it will most likely be the dish that I order. For the record this is the first Chinese restaurant that I recall in Vegas where the shrimp based entrees are the exact price as the other entrees. The pepper steak was also delicious. But the shrimp with lobster sauce was better, in my opinion. However, the spicy eggplant was ok. It could have been softer and tastier. Two entrees tasting delicious out of three ain't bad.    The lunch special is a good deal that ends at 3 pm. The specials go for $5.95. As I wrote, they included shrimp based entrees that are usually 50 cents more at the competition. The lunch specials include white rice, corn soup or hot and sour soup, and an egg roll of the spring roll variety. A cold beverage increases the lunch special to $8 before the tip.     As an observant yelper I notice a couple of things. The portions are smaller than the competition, however, there is none of the filler chow mien noodles that some restaurants fill half the plate with. This is the only Chinese restaurant where fried rice or brown rice is missing from the luncheon special. I could eat white rice as long as it has soy sauce on it. Its just that fried rice and brown rice are far tastier and when I go out to eat in a Chinese restaurant, I prefer the tastiest rice.    Beijing Chinese Restaurant is in the Eastern Be ltway Shopping Center. It is away from the Walmart madness but very close to the Eastern Avenue madness right off the Interstate 215 exit.    I rate Beijing Chinese Restaurant 3 stars, equivalent to a "B." I'd like to conclude this review with a tip. If you catch the lunch special save your appetite for the German Bakery nextstore.
5 This is the best Chinese food I've had in a long time. The regular menu prices are reasonable and the lunch specials are amazing. My husband and I eat here as often as we can. I definitely recommend this to anyone.
5 $5.95 lunch special from 11 -3 daily soup/appetizer/ main dish.   What a steal!  The portions are quite huge for a lunch time deal! I ate all of mine of course.  Service is attentive and good. Endless refills of water for me in this hot weather!
5 The salt and pepper shrimp is outstanding, the flavor is like nothing I've had before.  Highly recommend that dish.  The orange chicken is also very good, if you like spicy chicken get the spicy fried chicken!  It's crispy yet chewy, great texture.  The fried cheese wontons and the dumplings are classic, you can't go wrong with this place.  They deliver as well!  Be sure to ask for the free soda is you order delivery!
4 I've been to more than my share of strip mall Chinese restaurants and usually leave feeling over full and queasy.  I was very pleasantly surprised to find that this place had fantastic service and the food was good without the overwhelming portions of rice and/or chow main a lot of places shove into a Styrofoam box.   We had real plates and cutlery and both the cashew chicken and Kung Pao chicken had fresh ingredients with great flavor. We really enjoyed the egg rolls, which also tasted fresh.  The chicken and corn soup aka egg drop soup was the only negative. It was flavorless. Adding hot mustard, salt, and pepper helped, but not enough to make it worth it.  All in all, I wil definitely return to this spot when running errands  on Eastern during lunch.
