4 Really like this locale since they have a nice jewelry counter area.   I agree that when you come to Ross you need to have patience and shop around; sometimes I don't find anything, sometimes my cart overfloweth especially Spring Dress sale week.
4 I've mostly gone here to buy everyday home stuff and they have fairly good deals. Everything seems well organized and easy to find. I like Ross!
4 I love Ross stores!  But I seem to get myself in a pickle....I spend too much!  Yep, I can always find some fabulous stuff here.  So when I want to go shopping and really get some stuff this is one of my favorite stores.
4 This Ross is pretty typical, but it seems to be a little better organized/less of a mess than some other locations.   The staff is typically very friendly, even when the lines get long. They recently set up an actual cordoned-off line, so there's no more confusion about what line you're in and who's in front of you.   I just wish you could take the carts out of the store!
4 I am a bargain shopper. With a new home to furnish and decorate, I want it to look beautiful without breaking the bank. Thank goodness for all of these stores that sell home goods for reduced prices.   Ross is my go to place when I need to find rugs. The selections differ from store to store and it is not always abundant. With that being said, when you do find that perfect one, you can be sure that it will not cost a couple hundred dollars. Most of the rugs range from $25-$100.  I also like their array of accent pillows. Walking through the aisle will guarantee at least a few in my cart. $4-$18 is the normal range you could expect to pay.
5 Ross is great for pet supplies such as pillows, leashes, toys, and the price is prefect . Unlike petco!
1 If I could give zero stars I would, manager Danielle is very unprofessional and needs customer service classes. My daughter bought Mini Caramel cookies, ate just one and it was  not edible, so she went to return it and the so called Manager stated" I cannot accept the return because I can't sell it to anyone. I asked for her name and she refused to give me her name. I had to get it from  someone else. I am calling customer service on Monday and filing a complaint.
3 Over the years, I have tried to avoid visiting this Ross because their lines are typically overly slow and their selection has been subpar, compared to other Ross locations.   The line situation seems to have improved a little bit, based on my last visit. I notice that a lot of Ross' seem to be experimenting with ways to improve the checkout times, which I know had been on my biggest complaints about the chain. They have put up racks for hangers in the line area to encourage customers to take their own purchases off the hangers while they wait. This is something I have always done to help expedite the checkout process and I do see it helped quite a bit. Despite the long line, it moved quickly and efficiently, so I do see improvements.  The selection was a little better than previous visits as well, so I do see myself coming here more often in the future.
