5 Epic
5 Great pizza! Highly recommend if you are in the area.
3 our pizzas were very good, but the chicken wings and fingers were extremely low end.
5 VERY VERY GOOD pizza! The Babe Ruth Home-Run Specialty Pizza is what I recommend!
5 Boneless chicken wings are so amazing they literally melt in your mouth! Best ever! Pizza is soft and not full of grease.
5 Best pizza in Vegas!  In Jersey you can find good pizza on every corner, this is just like the Pizza back home.  Great job!  Not a sit in kind of place although there are a couple of tables.  Great for take out or delivery and the guys working there are real nice.
2 Many of the reviews for Lefty's say it's the best pizza in Vegas, or at least in the top five.  If that's the case, I may have to move back east.  I understand that being on the west coast, it's going to be hard to find east coast pizza.  I lowered my expectations, and I picked Lefty's based on the reviews on Yelp.  What a mistake that was.  I'm going to start off with my review of the food.  The rest of the experience was not great either, but some of that was simple mis-communication and has no bearing on the actual food.  To start, we ordered two pizzas.  We got a plain pie and a mushroom/sausage pie.  We ordered mediums, thinking that we should have more than enough food for two of us.  The menu says that the medium pizza is 14".  Our pizzas were not 14".  They arrived in comically small boxes that I have seen for personal pies or for single slice take out.  I remined hopeful, however, that the pizza within was big on taste.  The pizza within was not big on anything.  It was flat with a very stiff and bland crust.  Good pizza crust has a bite and then a spongy texture on the inside.  This was more like the texture of a garlic knot.  It was heavy and doughy.  The cheese was greasy.  The sauce was ok, but nothing to save the rest of the pizza debacle.  All told this was not the pizza i expected based on the Yelp reviews.  I dont know where some of you got your pizza from on the east coast, but if this is what it was like, you are getting lied to.  My Las Vegas pizza search will continue elsewhere.  Now, on to the other factors that contributed to my 2-star score.  My house is about 2 miles from Lefty's.  At the time of night we ordered, this pizza should have been at my door in 30 minutes or less.  After 90 minutes we had to call and find out where our pizza was.  Turns out that the driver couldn't find the street (new neighborhood that isn't in their map yet).  To make matters worse, the person who took our order never took our phone number so they were unable to call us and ask for directions.  To top it all off, there is a delivery charge.  We ended up paying $2 to have a driver come 2 miles and deliver us luke-warm pizza about an hour later than we expected it.  I know that gas is expensive, but if I am paying for you to deliver me food, you better get it right and get it to me fast.  To Lefty's credit, they did recognize that this was their fault and they offered me two free pizzas.  If their system for keeping track of store credit is as good as their system of taking down delivery addresses, I dont expect to see those free pizzas anytime soon.  Of course, based on the pizzas I got last night, I may not want to...
5 Great pizza! The only place in the valley with anything close to true blue NY style pizza.
4 They can have some great pizza,  depends on the day.  Most the time it's on the money.  Turkey sub is awesome.  Finally,  I like chicken wings,  and have some crispy wings. Add a little blue cheese,  and a garlic knot and your in the bees knees!
3 I was let down by the previous yelp reviews.  My first clue to go elsewhere should have been when I asked for a sicilian pizza and was told that they "were out of that size crust." Really? You can't just make a crust?  I ordered 2 other pizzas of different sizes and picked them up for carryout. The guys at the counter were polite and courteous.   The pizza itself was okay. Better than the major chains (which isn't hard), but nothing to write home about.
1 This was the worst... I am from Chicago and I have not found a place that has good pizza. I need to find good pizza... This place was the worst food I ever had.
5 This is truly NY pizza, originally from NY and moved here because of military and nothings better than a taste of home.  Garlic knots are good, don't know about the wings but considering my 6yr old boy ate the entire order of them and some I'll assume they were also good.  Had a plain pie as well as a meatball pie and both are awesome.  They've got, cracked pepper, Parmesan cheese and garlic shakers at the table.  (legit). Not the best place to dine-in because its not very big but take the pies and sides home and you'll still have a great taste of NY pizza, best pizza outside the NY area...hands down.
5 Always great!
1 Literally the worst pizza I have ever had. The crust was hard and chewy and the toppings just slid right off and were pretty bland. Very disappointing.
5 Quite possibly the only pizza delivery joint on the south side worth a damn. For some strange reason a good pie is hard to come by in Vegas. Big fan and long time customer :)  If you live in Silverado Ranch, this should be your pizza shop!
5 Had a piece of a pizza from here with vegan cheese on it... So freaking good! One of those things you could eat every night! Hope it goes on the menu full time. If so, I live down the street and hate to cook so I'll be ordering lots! :-)
5 Food was outstanding in flavor ! The chicken fingers were very good ! They drizzle franks sauce on top of them making them most but still crispy ! The wings were perfectly cooked and crispy but the chicken was still juicy :) and last but not least the pizza was incredible! The sauce,cheese and dough tasted homemade  and  was cooked perfect and wasn't  greasy :) if you want  amazing food at a good price this is the place !
4 Just order from here! You will like it! They are great to deal with and always willing to go the extra mile. I got the sausage and it was fantastic. I love to see local places do good.
5 The pizza is very good, especially the BBQ pizza. We live very close so it works out perfect. They make the pizza pretty old school and the guys that work there a cool. I recommend it to anyone.
2 I can't in good faith rate a 1 star despite hating the food, because I did wind up eating some of it.  But what I don't understand is all the 5 Star reviews.  This pizza is far from great.  Dry and cold, the cheese reminded me of day-old nachos and the sauce was totally nonexistent.  I agree with others who say it is hard to find a quality pie here in Vegas, but two places that come close for me are New York Pizza and Pasta (Sahara/Jones) and Metro Pizza (Decatur/Flamingo)...Metro can be hit or miss, try the Old New York.    Anyway, I had just gotten notice that Lefty's started delivering to me and was excited to try the new place with all the great reviews.  Suffice to say, I will not be wasting my money with this place again.
1 Ordered take out through Yelp/Eat24 services.  The place is close to home, so I had some hopes for it.  But there is nothing notable here.  Corporate franchise joints are better than this place.  They did call me when the food was ready, that was nice.  I ordered mozzarella sticks and a stromboli (pepperoni, sausage, garlic). The sticks were completely bland and unseasoned, and the stromboli simply had some oregano on top.  There was nothing unique or seasoned about the meat or bread.  Fortunately the meat sauce was okay, so that helped me get some food down, but I only ate half of my food before quitting.  I wouldn't return to this place, even if i was in a bind.  I'd just get some frozen pizzas from the store.  To put things in perspective- Sonic's breadsticks are better seasoned, and I'd make the drive Joe's New York Pizza next time.
1 So I notice that there were 5 stars rating so I figure maybe they got new cooks or I ordered on a bad night and tried them again... It is still the worst food I've ever had...the owner had to ask all friends and family to review .... The food is flat out nasty!
4 Lefty's is right down the street from me, but I didn't try it for a long, long time. Every time I went to the gas station/quickie mart next door, I would smell the aromas, and finally, it occurred to me to try it. And then try it again!  Love it! The pizza is better than most I've tried in Vegas. The chicken wings and strips were both great. The guys working there seem like pros. They have a big menu too, so I may have to try some other stuff next time.  I'm usually on Atkins, so I don't eat this kind of food much. But I'll definitely keep Lefty's in mind for my next "cheat day." Don't let the smallness of the joint fool you, they've got great stuff.
2 Flavor is good. I do like the seasonings.   However, my pizza was severely undercooked.  I waited 20 minutes for the Pizza, and when I got it, it was doughy, soft, and falling apart. I had to put it in my own oven when I got it home, just to give it some crisp.   Also, it was really over-priced.  $14 for a large extra-cheese pizza is pricy..   Not at all worth the price.
4 I really like the pizza here. I was skeptical about the location. (It's in a gas station.) After hearing from a few people that the place was good, I tried it. I was pretty impressed. It's no "east coast" pizza but it's pretty good for this side of the country. It's a perfect place for pick up or delivery but don't recommend for a sit down. Way too small for that. Overall - I would recommend to others! The BBQ chicken pizza is really good. I also like the garlic knots.
4 Pretty good pizza. It's a weird location and I was not thrilled with the ambiance or lack there of. Basically it's affordable and they made a good pepperoni pie. I got take out to eat it at home. The staff was nice.  So yes, I'll eat there again.
1 So I ordered from eat24.com and waited for lefty's to deliver my food. About and hour and a half later I finally get connected with someone at lefty's telling me that they had put my receipt order down somewhere and forgot about it. Then telling me they had issues with the website after the employee told me what they had just done. About 2 hours and some odd mins I finally get my food. Then they tell me that I have a credit for the amount I ordered and just to call them next time for the order. Then I call them a month later telling them that I have credit for the messed up order and lefty's tells me that I have already used the credit when I never did. These people just don't want to lose money apparently.
1 We ordered delivery the girl on the phone was really short with me and the food is really blah. I ordered BBQ chicken pizza and chicken parm sandwich. The BBQ sauce is horrible, it had a real funky taste but the crust was good for what it counts and the chicken parm was boring no seasonings but was more edible then the pizza. First and last time ordering there unfortunately.
4 We ordered delivery and the person taking the order did not have the best customer service but that also could be because my reception wasn't stellar...  The pizza took a solid hour to be delivered but it was pretty damn good!  The supreme pizza we got was thin crust, crunchy with a good blend of toppings, cheese and sauce.   The only negative spot was the salad.  It was horrendous.  Definitely get a pizza from here, but skip the salad.
4 I was pleasantly surprised by this pizza delivery place. The pizza was delivered within 10 mins of my specified time. It arrived nice and piping hot. The crust was delicious and the toppings were very very plentiful. It was some excellent pizza. And for a pretty good price too and under $11 and just $2 for delivery. Good deal and good eats. I'll definitely be ordering from here again.
