5 This bar is AWESOME for a Las Vegas neighborhood bar. It's clean, roomy, doesn't smell like smoke. They have darts and golden tee. The bartenders have personalities bigger than the bar that is stocked with good liquor, cold shots and kick ass draft beer. See you there!
3 I guess I just don't get the appeal. It is not a bad place by any means, but I certainly wouldn't give it 4 or 5 stars. It's clean and has a decent selection of beer on draft - but that's about all I can say. Perhaps I ventured in at the wrong time of day or even on the wrong day, but I was seriously underwhelmed.
1 They only serve poor tasting fried food and the service is so bad. The bartender was rude and ignored me. I simply needed food to go but he was too busy talking to his buddy and reading the paper.
4 Awesome local bar that needs more love (and the customers) it deserves. Multiple flat screen TV's, darts, golden tee, a friendly bar staff, a comfortable couch seating area opposite the bar... really, what more can you ask for? Besides coming just during the week, I watched the Super Bowl here and was so glad I did. Forget those over packed strip spots! If you are a local you know better.  As for the smoking... well, its Vegas, people smoke if they want to. I'm not a smoker, but for everyone that rates a place 1 star because god forbid someone lights up, you suck and mess up legitimate ratings :) Not saying that happened here, just saying in general haha  Additionally, they now have a "Chicken Shack" chef here. Great wings, try the habenero honey, wonderful sides including coleslaw... Delish. Food comes out quick. They had a new chef training and he made a mistake but quick service to fix it with a genuine sorry does wonders... and takes away no stars! You just don't get local service like this in many other places. If you are around the area definitely check out this watering hole.
4 Went here specifically to play Buck Hunter and had an awesome time.  I've always driven by but never went in before.  The inside is really nice with big comfortable leather chairs.  There are all sorts of games.  The bartender was very friendly and fast.  There weren't a lot of people there, about 20 maybe, but we met some people who were friendly and fun.  When we are looking to hang out at a local spot, we'll be sure to go here more often!
5 Great place to grab a drink and play video poker.  The bartenders are great and Roger (the GM) is great for conversation.  Even better... I hear they just added a new menu to go along with the bar!  Great local joint
2 Buffalo tenders were good.  Bartender was an absolute douche 6/20.  He was too worried about doing shots with his wanker buddies.
