3 When I was working in an office in this area, this was one of my most frequent dining experiences.  Wendy's scores major points because their drive-thru lines are the fastest in the business. More often than not, you are served promptly and correctly.  Even at this restaurant, that is usually true. However, at this restaurant, they seem to have a difficult time telling the difference between milk, Frostys, and Frosty Shakes. Numerous occasions I ordered a Frosty Shake, only to have them try to give me a regular Frosty at the pick-up window - and on at least one occasion they were standoffish when I explained this to them. Other times, I have ordered a chocolate milk, and they respond with something like "what kind of Frosty did you want?" I NEVER once used the word Frosty.  Despite my rant, the good does outweigh the bad at this particular location. Just make damn sure they get your order right before you drive off.
1 I have no idea why this Wendy's is so bad!  We used to go to this Wendy's every once and while, because it's the closest one to the house.  After a while we just kept kept getting terrible food.  I understand that it's fast food and not fine dining.  You come to expect a certain quality of food in the fast food industry and when a fast food joint can't meet that benchmark, well then you have a problem.  Ultimately we just stopped going to this Wendy's.  Then they started their new menu with new meat and ect.  I hadn't had Wendy's for a while so, I actually went to the one close to my work in Henderson.  The one over on Green Valley Ranch.  I came home that day and told my wife that Wendy's tastes a lot better now!  So, she wanted to see for herself.  We went to this Wendy's and it was so bad! I just don't understand why it's so terrible.  They can't seem to get orders right and when they do it's terrible.  I got a spicy chicken and they put a ton of mayo and it was just bad!  Don't waste your time! If you want Wendy's then go to the one on Green Valley Ranch up the road. I wish they had negative starts for this particular Wendy's.
2 Stopped by here to pick up a quick bite on my way home.  Decided to try the new chicken sandwich they've been advertising, sans tomatoes (eww).  Chicken was dryyy.  And my light lemonade tastes a bit too light - as in it was watered down.  The fries were OK.  It sort of tasted like I got the leftovers from the lunch rush since my visit was a little after 4.  Blah.  At least they were nice.  This experience does remind me why I don't frequent Wendy's, though.  Oh, well.
3 I come to this Wendy's all the time for lunch. Its super close to work.  I frequent the drive thru, so this review is for drive thru service only.    The staff are friendly and fast, and I have never had an order come back wrong.  No tomato, extra mayo, extra pickle, etc...they've never gotten it wrong for me.  Yesterday I tried out the grilled chicken flatbread, with the asiago and ranch.  It was really good.  Fresh greens, tomato, and it wasn't drowned in ranch dressing...just enough for some good flavor.
4 They completed redesigned the interior of this Wendy's and because of the new design I am a big fan of coming here.  Justa  few months ago this Wendy's was pretty plain (like most of them), now they have a better looking interior, they have a soda fountain machine with 1000 different flavors, and they have Televisions so like today I can watch Baseball or whatever else may be on.  I really like the fact that they now have a public soda machine so I don't have to go to the counter and ask for a refill which I always thought was the dumbest thing about Wendy's.  Wendy's has improved their food as well.  I really like the Baconator and the son of Baconator.  The new Pretzel bun burgers are pretty good too.  I ordered the Son of Baconator today and with small frries and a drink cost around $7.  Based off the size of the burger and the taste I think it was well worth the price.  Of course they still have the same old yummy frosty and several other inexpensive food chaices as well.  I get tired of eating all the same old burger places all the time, but Wendy's is a good choice when you are on a quick lunch run.  A couple of months ago I would have rated this 3 stars, but due to the very nice interior redesign, it's now a 4.
3 Come on it is a chain, but a really nice shop, all brand new, clean and nice. You know you eat fast food every once and a while, if you are on this side of town stop in for some cheep fast food..
3 This Wendy's has been recently remodeled and looks great!    I always rock the value menu!  I can get nuggets, fries, chicken sandwich and a frosty for under $5!  Dipping the fries in the frosty is nothing new, but dip those nuggets in the frosty and it will change your life!  I have been coming to this particular Wendy's since 2006 because it's close to my office.  The drive thru is consistently fast and accurate.  While the food quality isn't the best I've had from Wendy's it isn't bad at all.  It might be one of the better Wendy's restaurants in LV but the ones in the mid west are always better.
