5 It's Popeyes, what else can I say. Delicious and very affordable. Got a 7 piece all thigh spicy and mild mix for $4.99. They were extremely quick with my order (as in I barely finished paying and it was ready for me) and they were very accommodating. Kinda outta the way, but for those staying in the area, it's the bomb!!!
4 Popeyes fried chicken is one of the best. I love how crispy the skin gets as soon as it is scooped out of the fryer. Right amount of heat and spices. The mild flavor is a bit boring. I always go for the leg and thigh special for 99 cents. Awesome deal! Do not forget the red beans and rice, mashed with gravy and buttery biscuits. Sometimes the sides cost more than the chicken. Make sure you take your daily dose of cholesterol pills (statins). Welcome, you are in deep fried heaven.
1 Went through the drive-through and was asked to pull up and park in the parking lot where someone was to bring me out my food.  Over 20 minutes later, waiting for a chicken breast (which you'd think they'd have plenty of on hand), I went into the restaurant and the manager acted like I was harassing her because I was complaining about waiting so long.    Then, I called the Customer Service number and was told that someone would call me back - that was over 2 months ago.  I even filled out the survey on their website which asks if you want to be contacted and I gave all my contact information.  NO-ONE from Popeyes has ever bothered to contact me!!!  Popeyes doesn't care about its customers, so I wouldn't recommend going there.  Well, unless you have PLENTY of time to waste!
4 In a hurry? Stop by and go through the drive up window and get your fast courteous face to face quick service and your done.
2 I have been driving past the store for the past week and I thought Popeye's sounded good.  And in theory it was a good idea...lol.  This place shares a store front with a Chevron gas station.  I went up to the counter and placed my order.  The girl took my order without a problem and I went to find a seat.  There are about 7 tables.  I looked at two of them and they were dirty.  The third table I found appeared clean so I claimed it. My order was ready quickly and the chicken was fresh and hot.  The biscuit was flat and dry.    The Popeye's restaurant shares a drink fountain with the convenience store.  The area where you stand to get your soda was filthy.  The floor needed to be mopped.   The floor in the resturant area was also dirty with wet spots of soda spilled on the floor and a trail or something that I am guessing came from dragging a trash bag across the floor.  When I was done eating I took my tray to the front to dump the trash into the trashcan but I could barely open the door to the trashcan.  It was stuffed full even though there were only three trays sitting on top of the tashcan.  I needed to use the bathroom but I figured it would be in the same state or worse than what I had seen so I decided to wait.   There are other Popeye's in town that I think you could get better service from and have a cleaner dining experience.  Overall I would try and avoid this place if possible and find somewhere else to eat.
4 I love Popeyes spicy chicken and biscut w. redbeans and rice!  Its crispy, and is just freaking good!  lol
4 Ok, it's a fried chicken chain and its attached to a gas station... There are so many things wrong with this... But the food is good and slightly addicting! Im in love with the spicy chicken po' boy... It calls to me at night! You must try one...  As far sa the resturant goes its surprisingly clean and the staff is really friendly. If there is anything to complain about its that the parking lot is small and can fill up quick.
5 Well, it's Tuesday and you know where i'm at. Yep, you guessed it, Popeye's. 2 piece Tuesday special, 99c. I get the spicy, but the mild is just as good. I usually get whatever selling the fastest so that i know it's the freshest. (freshly fried that is). Crispy, well seasoned, juice meat, with that amazing crust. 99cents? Wow, this is as good as it gets!   Also love to come here for the most amazing red beans and rice you can get in any restaurant. I used to work with a guy who was born and raised in New Orleans, and he told me that Popeye's has the best version of this dish in the country. One of my buddies here tried eating it and didn't like it because he was eating it separately. The trick with this dish is that you have to mix it all together before you eat it. That is how you will get the full effect of this amazing dish. Love them chicken from Popeye's... but also love the red beans and rice.
5 I am a big fan of Popeye's. This particular location may not be the best, however it is very good. It is connected to a Terrible Herbst (I don't know if this a good or bad thing)  I will continue to debate with myself what is better, the red beans and rice or the cajun rice.
5 Tuesday $.99 special is what it's about!!! I'm pretty sure this is where we are going for lunch today!! Their red beans and rice, dirty rice, and mashed potatoes n gravy are killer sides!!! Biscuit is ok, I think church's is better. I order my chicken spicy. Deeeeeeeeelicious!!! I can't wait to go to lunch!!
5 With trendy chicken finger places popping up like Raising Cane's, Chicken Bonz and BFG, it's comforting to know that one of the most consistently dependable meals around is an order of spicy chicken fingers from Pope Yes, the official chicken of the Vatican.  It's legitimately spicy even for a capsaicin burnout like me - but not excessively so. It's a nice warmth. Dip them in Mardi Gras mustard, redolent of horseradish and whole mustard seeds, and you're set.  The red beans and rice are the only side you need to ever bother with here. Not that the other sides are bad. They're just unnecessary.  When I'm feeling guilt and shame the grilled naked chicken wraps are so tasty that I don't even miss the batter and oil of the traditional strips.  Yes, it's a chain fast food restaurant.  Yes, it's attached to a gas station.  No, you shouldn't care.
4 Really good fast food fried chicken when fresh.  They have a 6.99 8 Piece Mixed coupon available on the website...so I forgive them for the generous amounts of sodium they use in the batter.  Fat people love fried chicken and fat people love sodium....so its par for the course.
5 Located in or at least attached to a gas station (this was a bit of a new concept to us) but none the less clean and friendly. The staff greeted us right away and were super friendly and you could tell they really enjoyed their jobs and stood behind the product they were selling.   The chicken was wonderful! I happen to have a slight chicken skin obsession, often only eating the skin off the fried chicken. OMG! The spicy chicken skin was so crunchy and flavorful. I was in love!   The meal cost us about $13 for two adults. Much better than dining on the strip that afternoon. We will visit Popeyes again during our next Vegas vacation.
5 Been coming here every Tuesday with the family for 2 years know always drive through . Fried chicken mild just the skin will make your knees buckle. Chicken always perfection juicier then a gallon of Tampico and seasoned to make you eat till you go into a fried chicken coma.... 2 pieces of fried chicken for .99¢ can't beat it!
2 The food was great. But the service was bad. We had to wait 30 min for our food. And when we got it, Guadalupe behind the counter wanted to charge 25 cents per sauce packet. After telling her we waited a long time for our food and we shouldn't have to pay for condiments, the manager told her just give it to them. This place was really slow and filled with waiting customers.  A 30 min wait for an 8 piece meal is not cool.
1 Popeyes is one of my favorite places but the staff at this location is a joke. Got dinner for the family, drove home to find my order was missing an entire meal. Drove back and walked in with my receipt and got nothing but an additude from the young girl. She admitted to bagging it and acted like I was making it up to get more food. Instead of being apologetic she was rude and obnoxious. Won't be back here...
5 I've come here a few times since I live down the street from it.  They have recently done a little remodel...nothing too fancy, just some new wall paper, table and chair replacements.  A nice update.  Soda machine was a lot cleaner this time as compared to last several times.  The older lady cashier was really nice, definitely could tell she enjoyed her fun little extra spending cash job.  :)  I got the promo dippin' chicken meal.  good deal, fair price, tasted good, fresh...tasty.  would recommend!
2 Ask me a year ago to rate this place and I would give it 4 stars. But presently it's just a disappointing place.   It's located on windmill and las vegas blvd, connected to a gas station. Interior is pretty small, you're better off ordering to go and eating at home. Sometimes the place gets really smelly.  Just your usual fast food place, order at the window and wait for them to call out your number. If you do a walk in on a tuesday you're going to end up waiting 45 minutes for some chicken -___-.  Waiting for your food is a game here, sometimes it comes out immediately and sometimes you wait forever.  As for the taste you don't come here because it's the best chicken in the world. You come here because its average and its cheap. Nothing much to say.   What annoys me are their prices! :( They keep raising them wtf! The sauces use to be free now they charge you for it. Also their $.50 tuesday special is no longer $.50 it's like $.80 or something. IT'S CALLED TUESDAY SPECIAL FOR A REASON.   PRO TIP! Go through the drive-thru when ordering much much more faster.
3 I can definetly say this chicken is better than KFC which IMO has gone way down in quality over the last several years.  I always get some form of the chicken strips.  Most recently I ordered some new Buffalo hot strips that are covered in buffalo hot sauce.  They were pretty good.  I wish the sauce was a bit spicier but I realize I am not the average person, I like really hot and spicy foods.  The sides are one of my favorite parts of Popeye's chicken.  I usually get the red beans and rice, but the mashed potatoes and gravy are very good as well. Price wise, I think they are hit and miss.  I usually only come here when they have some special that sounds good or is cheap.  They do seem to have a lot of additional options which look expensive to me.  BTW:  You can order your strips regular or with a spicy seasoning cooked into them.
1 Went there and they ran out of chicken that was cooked.they said it would be 30 minutes wait.we had to get a refund.other customers were yelling and complaining as well.this location sucks
