5 I recently came in for an evaluation with them and I have to say, they were the nicest people I have ever met! Dr. Reardon is a peach as well. They answered all my questions and concerns. I have looked around for other orthodontist and I didn't feel as comfortable as I did here. Some things came up and I was out of town but I am definitely coming to them, I am telling you, as soon as you walk in and start interacting with them, they make you feel really comfortable!
5 When I walked in for my initial consult two years ago I never imagined where it would lead me. Dr. Reardon and his entire staff are some of the nicest people I have ever met. Very caring and understanding about the process of orthodontia.   The initial consult and xrays were free and they were very honest and upfront on pricing, treatment options and expectations. Office very clean and staff is very friendly.   Got the Damon 3 braces and the self-ligating brackets were a godsent. Minimal discomfort and maintenance. Came in every 10 weeks for slight adjustments and evaluations.   Two years laters my braces are off, my smile is amazing and my life is so much better. I would not have had it any other way.   RECOMMEND = YES   @ Kris Kaahea sent you.
5 Years of experience, a soft toned voice, and precise hands. What more could you want from your orthodontist? Let me add his strive for perfection!  I've been seeing Dr. Reardon since May 2012 and so far I've been loving how my smile has progressed. His office uses the Damon system which is suppose to minimize pain and discomfort along with decreasing the amount of appointments. I have my regular aches and pains whenever I get my wires changed/tightened, but it only last for 3 days.   He gets booked pretty fast so if you have an appointment with him try to keep it. They are able to squeeze you if its an emergency. I was able to get in twice - once for a loose bracket and the second time for a slight chip in my tooth.  Dr. Reardon is all about precision and he really does strive to give you the most perfect smile possible. I had my brackets repositioned and my teeth shaved down and I can say he took his time to make sure everything was even and looking on point. It's sad to see some of these negative reviews about him and his staff because this office is amazing.   I love recommending my friends and family to him when they are in search for an orthodontist.
1 So. Not. Happy. My daughter got her braces off in 2009. At that time they put in a "permanent" retainer. That retainer is now loose. She went into the office to have it re-cemented. They told her it was fine and charged her a $50 office visit. The "permanent" retainer is STILL loose. They never fixed it. Now they are telling her that it's another $50 office fee AND $200 for a new "permanent" retainer. I'm sorry, but to me permanent means just that and telling me and my daughter that biting into something "wrong" like a crunchy taco can break the retainer. Um...no. That to me means that it wasn't put in correctly to begin with. Orthodontia is expensive enough. But to have to pay and repay for something that is supposed to have a lifetime in the mouth is not acceptable. All she wanted was for it to be re cemented. I truly felt like the office was trying to cover their ass. Not a happy former patient.
