4 I used to come to this location in college.  I liked Dr. Wlodek and his eye exams so I came back once I got vision insurance again.  I feel he's very thorough and answers questions.    My only complaint...I wasn't in love with any of the frames.  Overall, nice, small optical shop.
5 I have been goint to Dr Woldeck for about 4 years. I started here on the reccomendation of an old co-worker. I have been so happy here. They are always friendly, helpful & of course timely.
5 I've been going here for many years and even though it is a 10-mile trip in one direction, it is worth every inch of it.  "Doc" Wlodek is superb and his staff is professional, of course, but incredibly friendly, compassionate and helpful.  Most importantly, they are kind enough to laugh at my stupid jokes.  He might not be able to "cure" some vision problems, but I'm confident that he and his staff will give you the very BEST possible help in dealing with them, whatever they may be.  Make an appointment with him today, because your eyesight is much too important to ignore.
5 Optical Effects has been my go to place for 11 years. Dr Woldek and his staff are friendly, courteous and professional. They have so many styles of frames to choose from that EVERYTIME I go in there I have to by a new frame or two. I have insurance but I can only get new frames once every two years, so once a year I will just buy a pair. The cost is always very affordable. My whole family goes to Optical Effects/Dr. Woldek  even though he is on the other side of town from us because we have found him to be the best Optometrist in Nevada with the best selection. Next time you go in ask Staci about the Jimmy Crystals line of glasses. As a woman I LOVE the sparkle!! Thanks EVERYONE for always making my experience at the office a fun and lasting memory! Now watch me sparkle :-)
5 They are amazing!!! I've been going here for years and they have never let me down. You won't regret it.
4 Picked it because its walking distance to my home but I like Dr W a lot so I'll keep him.  Frames seem a bit expensive but I'm sure its average for good frames.  I don't have the patience for the exam and to shop for frames in the same day so I usually end up getting them elsewhere.  I do get my contacts here because it doesn't really require any work on my part and I like that.
