4 Yeah. The kid's pack is awesome. Milk, donut, stickers, balloon and the hat? So cool. And they still give out samples of whole donuts!
5 The sweetly delicious aroma enveloped me as I entered the empty Krispy Kreme shop late one night.  I knew I shouldn't have been there, but curiosity had gotten the best of me. I hoped no one I knew would see me in the brightness, but I had to know: why do people rave about Krispy Kremes? I'm a Midwestern transplant and I'd never heard of them until NPR did a segment on them a few years ago.  So now I'm alone at the Krispy Kreme counter.  A friendly young woman approaches me and says, "would you like a free glazed doughnut?"  This completely catches me off guard, since I wasn't here to mooch- I was planning to try a maple glazed doughnut.  Stupidly, I protest, "Free? But I'm going to buy some."    With a smile she says,  "you can still have a free one!" and  points behind her, where I suddenly see a factory and - most importantly -a line of hot, fresh, celestial doughnuts traveling towards me on a conveyor belt.  Naturally I reply, "YES, I'd love one!" and so she takes a soft, lucious glazed doughnut off the belt and hands to me, wrapped in wax paper. As it melts on my tongue I ascend into a virtual heaven.  I don't remember the rest of the visit.
5 It smells so sweet the minute you walk in the doors... The kids just love to see them being made...  I love the maple ones... whats your flavor???
5 The trip to the donut store is a weekly pilgrimage.  I must have eaten thousands of free donuts in my lifetime.  First, every visit during Hot Light Hours gives each person in the door a free glazed donut.  Why, you ask?  Because it's like crack, or in this case, KracK.  Eat one, and you'll never be the same again.    So basically I get those free sample donuts every week, and I carry a KK card, which is for 1 free dozen every 10 dozen you buy.  In addition, Tuesday night is Double Punch Night!  :D  Yaaaay :D  So, every Tuesday, I'll be down at my KK, and get a Free Dozen every month.    While the hot, moist, fluffy, deliciously perfect glazed donuts are the star of the show, many other kinds of donuts are quite good as well.  My mother likes the sugar donuts, my brother likes the Chocolate custard filled, I like the maple.  Every one of them is great, just try to warm them for 7 seconds in the microwave, and they'll be even better!  Before, the coffee was okay.  Regular McDonald's-style, you know, with a few additions here and there.  But don't worry, folks, Midwestern coffee chain Caribou Coffee has saved the day!  CC has merged with this KK, and they are now one amazing conglomeration of CCKK goodness, with a warm, welcoming interior of woods and leather and faux fir, with the same glass conveyor of their lovely warm rings-of-joy being made, and now they have specialty coffees, with lattes and cappucinos, and good selection of teas, as well.  Try the iced coffee in the cans, they're the best out there!  Plus, the night staff is fun and welcoming, and they give you $.10 off if you answer their (actually somewhat difficult) trivia questions!    Oh, and they have free Wi-Fi.  What's not to like?  Come to CCKK, you'll be hooked.
4 Krispy Kreme took the Vegas market by storm during my highschool days and this location was the spot for me.  Their glazed donuts fresh out of the oven are just fantastic.
1 Go to this place if... you feel lucky: they will not give you what you order. you feel like being abused and looked down on: they will tell you they do not see anything wrong with your order. you do would like run to the cleaners: the lid was not properly placed on my coffee so it spilled. you want more abuse: call corporate and complain.  What do I know I am just a stupid customer.
4 Not so much for the donuts, but the mango iced tea is YUM-O! I also love their cups with all the quotes about life, it needs to be a poster or something!
5 Caribou Coffee and Krispy Kreme are merged in this establishment and it doesn't get any better.  I have been coming to this location for about three years and this was THE place that turned me on to coffee and donuts. Both of which I never liked before. They use real chocolate in their drinks and have a nice little variety of delicious tea and tea latte fusions! I can't describe their coffee, but it's some of the best, especially their iced espresso. The best. The relaxed decor and atmosphere with the free wi-fi makes it the best little secret by Anthem/7Hills. They are open till 10 which makes this a nice place to work on your lap top in peace.This location is also well kept. There's even a nice little ledge with a rail for the kids to watch the donut making process through the glass and a little chalk board for them to draw on.  It's true, there is an offer of a free donut  with every purchase during their hotlight hours which is something like three times a day. They also have seasonal donut varieties which gives me something new to look forward to, I've even gone so far as sent someone out to get me their latest addition when I didn't have the time. But that isn't something that I would prefer to do because going to Krispy Kreme is a trip to see familiar faces, the staff always remembers me, even whichever drink I've been hung up on lately.
5 best donuts ever! I bought the 2 dozen package...1 box is their original glazed and the other box is your choice..go with the jelly filled ones and the lemon..their all good! plus they give you a glazed donut for free while you wait in line!
3 They aren't bad but not amazing (ok...except when they are hot...then they should get a 4 1/2 star rating). My kids love coming here for a breakfast treat when mommy is too tired to hit up the Vegas Donut House after work. Mommies...be prepared with wipes and a tarp for under the table...the donut glaze gets EVERYWHERE (hair, clothes, bodies, floor, window). The staff is always pleasant and efficient. The coffee is not really that great (I am a classy broad who prefers diner coffee) but the highlight is that you get to watch them make the donuts. My kids think that's absolutely amazing and are mesmerized (at least long enough so I can pay for the donuts). Overall we like to come here when we are in the area but I personally don't seek it out.
2 I wish there were more traditional donut shops in my area. These cotton candy treats are good but they all taste the same after a while. They are sticky, spongy and just dissolve on impact. Once in a while I want my cake donut and a normal maple bar served in a place where seniors are reading the newspaper.
1 I was excited to see Caribou Coffee in Vegas after the wonderful experience at the Caribou in DC. Disappointed to find they did not have basic makings for tea or lemonade which was on the menu. Then she proceeded to act like she got off the simple bus and couldn't read her own menu which had the lemonade on it. . Customer service sucks.  Now I understand that not all coffee places located in grocery stores and Krispy Kremes do not have the full menu of a standard location. But I have never been to a place that does not have everything on the listed menu.
4 So amazing when they are fresh! I love that they hand out doughnuts while you are standing in line! I love that the place has free Wifi so I can sit down relax and work on my Yelp reviews. The place is very easy to get in and out of and very easy to find off the street. Just don't eat too many in one sitting and you will be just fine.
4 I go to this place more thank I like to admit...my son likes their Chocolate Iced with Sprinkles and I am a fan of their Black and Mango Iced Tea..  I got a Calendar there today for 4.99 and it had a ton of coupons, like for a free hot chocolate with any purchase, a free dozen donuts, etc..so at least my trips here in 2012 will be cheaper!  The staff is always pretty friendly. I noticed you have to ask for your Hot and Fresh Sample now? I was sitting there drinking my tea and noticed they didn't offer it to people who walked in..  Eating a fresh one is like eating a warm sugar cloud...in the Fall there pumpkin donut is SUPER good! Not too sweet..
4 Krispy Kreme doughnuts are insanely good when they are made fresh...
3 Krispy Kreme donuts are not my first choice, but when my girls were young it was wonderful to be able to take them to watch how they were made, and if we were lucky enough to get there at just the right time, a fresh warm original right off the conveyer belt and a glass of milk really hit the spot.  I will say that while i'm not in love with most of their generic donuts the seasonal ones are really really good.
3 It's easy to get to from the house and for some reason everyone loves them.... But I don't get it. They are average at best and their flavors are kinda boring. However, it's the only doughnut place near my home and they have free wifi so I can sit in their very nice lobby and do some work while enjoying a nice treat. 2 stars for the doughnuts and 1 for the lobby...
4 Great to go when the Hot and Fresh sign is on on the outside of the building. I am not much of a donuts guy but when KK has hot originals being served...oh boy. Plus it serves Caribou Coffee. My kids could eat 3 or 4 hot and fresh "Sample" donuts every weekend when we go there.  If you are going to eat  donuts,  might as well watch it being made so U feel less guilt..haha
4 I have been craving a doughnut for quite some time...I was passing by and I figured I could finally fulfill my craving. I ordered just a regular glazed and that thing just melted in my mouth like buttah. I'm not sure if it's because I'm pregnant, but that doughnut felt like the best thing I've eaten at least all day. It was warm, soft, tasty and probably loaded with lots of carbs/sugars, but that's what an extra 15 minutes of going to the gym is for. =) If I have another doughnut craving...which might happen sooner than later I know I will be back here for some fresh doughnuts.
3 Clean environment, reminds me of Starbucks with Doughnuts lol. Love the sugar ones.
3 Yummy glazed sour cream ones...but the coffee can't be real Caribou...it used to be sooo good and now everything tastes bad...go for the food, not the drinks...and yes, they still do give free originals with another purchase if you like raised doughnuts...
1 Now this should be easy as pie to write. I took pictures but in the pictures I provided you see you cant tell that the doughnuts were NOT fresh and or hot. They was COLD and Hard. It's a shame to because we all love Krispy Kreme don't we? Do we really live in a day and time when Krispy Kreme don't love US back? Sad but I give it One star. Shake N my head and truth is people I won't be back. The staff was rude as could be. It's not to many Krispy Kremes around as it is...I guess they would like to become extinct all together. Fine with me other Doughnut places would just love to take they spot.
3 I hadn't been to a Krispy Kreme in years but it caught my eye on the way to Sam's Club.  Decided to stop in for a yummy treat.  I tried the Red Velvet donut, which wasn't as delicious as I thought it'd be.  There were red velvet donut pieces on top of the frosting, which IMO made the donut too "cakey".  The dining room itself seems old but comfortable.  It was fun to watch the donuts being made and my husband and I stayed there an extra ten minutes or so watching the process.  It's certainly not my favorite, but I'd stop in again if I'm in the mood for a very indulgent donut treat (although I'd stick with the glazed next time).
4 Always the same, always good. Great go to place for a coffee and Doughnut on the go.
3 It's a Krispy Kreme. Pretty large and only great when their doughnut light is on. When it is, you get a free doughnut! Otherwise these doughnuts are pretty terrible. But fresh they're awesome.  Place closes at 2200 and I came at 2100 on a Wednesday night and they were making new doughnuts! I was told this place is the main Krispy Kreme for Vegas so they possibly make doughnuts all night so that early morning they can get shipped out to the various stores that sell them.
4 getting a free donut!  Always been a fan of this place. well. Krispy Kreme Donuts.. yyyuuuummmyy!!   Especially getting them right from krispy kreme (not chevron)   they are fresh and still warm.   the regular, glaze is my favorite.. then the chocolate glaze..They even have this new donut and ice cream type thing. looks delish, haven't gotten to try it yet. but i soon will!  The is always friendly. and quick, as quick as they can be.
1 Came in for the coffee from caribou coffee. Must say, it was near pulling teeth to try and get some. Had to ask the other employees where the barista was. She was in back laughing with her friends while I stood there for 10 mins. When she finally came to get my order she kept laughing and gossiping with the other girl over her headset, interrupting my order. When I had finally ordered and paid, she finally asked," hot or iced?" Even though I had stated hot several times. Drink came out, lukewarm, but in a speedy manner. The other employees are very nice and courteous, but the coffee experience leaves some to desire. I do appreciate that she came out and apologized after I made a complaint. Her excuse being that she was tired and time was going slowly. Meh.
1 I had a free dozen originals coupon my boss sent me there with. When i told the guy what I was getting he rolled his eyes at me! I get it you're not making a profit from me today but I won't be going back after that. How rude!
2 The doughnuts taste good and they give out free samples during Hot Light hours (morning till 11am and evening starting at 6pm). 2 dozen of these donuts make a great office/classroom snack.  Unfortunately the staff has changed a lot and there is no longer a Caribou Coffee bar inside. If you want a drink your options are limited to the Krispy Kreme menu. This means no more mochas made with Ghiradelli chocolate and no more special tea lattes or interesting frappaccinos. Also, a lot of the homey Caribou Coffee merchandising has disappeared making the place feel empty and cold. :(  All in all, there is no longer much of anything attracting me to this place.
5 I love this place it's the second time that I buy some doughnuts and they don't charge for two extra that I ask for.
5 It's a shame that the Krispy Kreme brand became so diluted years ago when you could buy them everywhere.  Gas stations would stock them but who knows how long they would be sitting there.  To truly taste a Krispy Kreme one must visit a store and get one fresh off the line.    It's rare at any doughnut place to get something that is still warm and with all the glaze, these literly melt in your mouth.  On this particular visit I only wanted one before my meal at Windy City Beefs across the parking lot, and the woman gave it to me and let me go lol.  It's hard to say how many I could eat of these if I wanted to, I once had 4 for breakfast but those were not fresh off the line... Dozen? Challenge accepted!
5 We go here for breakfast most times we are in Vegas because it's not far from where we are staying. The doughnuts have always been fresh and the service is excellent! They even give you a free, warm doughnut with your order! I have tried most of their varieties but the original glazed is still the best.
5 Nothing better than hot donuts right out of the fryer.
4 Sugar and Spice and everything that's bad for you!  But it tastes so good!  It was an early Saturday morning so I figured...  why not get some doughnuts?  This location is located off of Eastern in it's own building.   It's very easy to get in and out of with plenty of parking and a drive thru.  Almost too convenient? Oh yeah.    I needed to park and go inside to make my choices.  You walk into the smell of fresh smelling goodness.  On the right side behind a wall of windows is the conveyer of heaven! You'll see the fresh glazed doughnuts going through the process of being drenched in their sugary coat.   They have plenty of employees working to make my breakfast purchase quick and easy.  Just the way I like it! There were some of their specialty items that were out already but there were still plenty of others to choose from. Before i knew it, I was at home enjoying my guilty pleasure.   Krispy Kreme can always put a smile on my face. I'm a kid in a candy store....  well maybe an adult in a doughnut shop!
4 It's funny how this is my neighborhood Krispie Kreme but, I've never been inside. Low and behold, this particular location has the donut-making-elves in there.   You can watch the conveyor belt of donuts from freshly boiled to drizzled in chocolate to sprinkled with sprinkles.  It was quite fun for my niece and donut-loving-self :)   p.s. The donuts are delish. But, I'm sure you already knew that!
4 Talk about GOOD cheap donuts close to my job it's perfect when I'm craving something good the service is just as good as the donuts
5 They are so awesome to our school! Big shout out to Ashley J. for your wonderful help.
1 I really like krispie kreme donuts, a lot! But this particular location is straight up a hot mess. The last three times I've been in here, they don't have any donuts...well they have the blueberry one and maple glazed kind...literally only those two. Now, apparently today they had a big order (100 dozen). The girl who rang me up said they received this order ahead of time. There was one woman who said she had been waiting 40 min just for some glazed donuts. The dude making the donuts seemed like he was on the first day of the job. He also has facial hair but wasn't wearing a face net. The floors were hella dirty and I wonder how often they clean the floors and machines in the area where everything is cooking. THEN I ordered a double dozen and the two dudes looked at me like I had a third eye ball on my forehead. Apparently the display and the menu were not priority to memorize. The actual donuts are great but I'm paranoid I'm going to bite into Jose's stach hair...I think I'll take a drive to another location or just go to Dunkin where it's clean and they HAVE donuts
5 I really don't know how a Krispy Kreme doesn't get 4 or 5 stars.  It was late so I'm not going to knock them for not having a ton of fresh variety donuts.  They had fresh glazed running just like all Krispy Kreme's and they gave us a free one and the guy went out of his way to do so.    I have no reason to be inside of a Krispy Kreme, but my son wanted it so I had no choice right?!   Yea, I wanted a fresh glazed donut.   If you want one go get one, not much to say :-)
5 Came here to pick up the oh so famous glazed dozen.  Staff was friendly & attentive.  They cook the donuts at this location so my dozen was fresh & warm. The best way to eat them. I love how they give you a free sample too.  Building & dining area is clean.    Love Krispy Kreme!!
1 Go to Freeds. Out of donuts and machine was down. They could of at least put a sign on the door.
2 I got up early (5AM) to go get donuts, hoping to surprise my family when they woke up.  I went there to specifically get the featured donuts and raspberry filled.  Folks, don't bother getting up early.  They did have some standard donuts in the case, but the person behind the counter said customers who had been waiting (it sounds like longer than they should have) had 1st dibs on those and any that we're being made.  Note, I was the only customer inside the place.  Tip for the management team at this establishment, if you are going to bother to open up at 5 AM, have your product ready!!!...especially your featured product!  Thanks for nothing...literally!
5 It's hard to go wrong with Krispy Kreme, their original glazed are probably my favorite donuts on the planet. Their glazed creme filled has always been another of my favorites (same with the glazed chocolate creme filled) -- though they didn't have either of those on this particular visit.  I also tried their blueberry cake donut and it was great -- soft, moist, sweet. It isn't the best blueberry cake donut I've ever had, but it was certainly good.
5 No need to give give a review for this place as the donuts speak for themselves.. Excellent treat
4 I love going to this place after 9pm because that's when they start making the hot glazed donuts, so you get the freshest of the fresh. Plus you get one free sample! It can't get any better than that!
4 I don't go to Krispy Kreme's as often as I want to. But when I do I enjoy every delicious tasteful treat. "Hot" go and get you some!!! My favorite is the glaze org's hot right off the press. Mmmm Good!!
5 Heidi (I think that was her name) was awesome!!  She even listened to my niece's joke and hi-fived her!  Thank you for being so patient and great with all the kids!
