1 Do not move here!  By far the worst management I have ever had to deal with!!!!  They are so rude!  Playgrounds are nasty (broken beer bottles and dirty female sanitary napkins).  Things will disappear off of your patio If you are on the bottom floor, the carpets are nasty and there are bugs everywhere!!! I would not recommend this place to anyone!
1 Gross ass place I lived here for 2 years horrible, First off if you notice when you move in your grates on the stove are super shinny and silver there actually really old they just spray paint them when people move out not like its a big deal cooking spray paint into your food. I complained 2 months later my friend got an apartment there and same thing. Villa Nova is really nice if you don't mind constant domestic violence shootings drug dealers and theft and section 8, make sure you drive threw there at night to enjoy the full spectrum of trash. oh yah and they never change out the carpets they look new when you move in then a month later all these stains start to surface and it feels like Brillo pad. I made them let me out of my lease cause of all the 911 calls I had to make wile living there.
5 I've read these past two reviews and let me tell you they are horribly outdated. Perhaps this place used to be the prime example of ghetto but rest assured the new managerial staff has made huge changes. To begin; the staff, both managerial and maintenance, are very friendly and helpful. When I came by expressing my interest in the complex the staff was happy to help and worked with me every step of the way. It's on a nicer side of town so high rent was expected; however they are constantly having move in specials and the complex is seemingly always filled. If this place were so horrible there would be more vacancies, no?  As for "spray painting the stove grates" (and the word you were looking for is burner, honey)-that's a bunch of bull, my stove burners were visibly used but not disgusting or trashy. I was also given brand new carpet upon moving in...so perhaps the staff was different when the people who posted past reviews lived here, but they've definitely made positive improvements. The playground is always clean, and I see a maintenance man every morning cleaning up trash and even dog feces off the grounds. Which is extremely considerate assuming we were all taught to use the trashcan on our own as children. This place is peaceful and relaxing and I've never been scared to live here or for my children to live here. I haven't seen any drug dealers, heard any shootings or even any domestic violence happenings either.  If you don't believe me come by and see for yourself. I highly recommend living here and I have no complaints.
