1 Imagine a "box store" nursery that resembles a barb wired penitentiary staffed by A) cute, but oblivious young Mo girls and B) a swarm of recent Emigres whose understanding of English is as sparse as the checkout girls' knowledge of plants ( which means nil ).  And there you have it.  Go to Plantworld for customer service and plant selection. But if you live in a boring Vegas block house, then by all means, select this generic prison-resembling place.   And try to avoid getting hit by traffic trying to look around the day laborers gathered by the fencing who get in your way.
4 Very good flora product, with people who will help you tow your little red wagon around the place and tell you what to plant in full sun versus partial versus full shade, etc.   This place seems geared for contractor work, but it is certainly where I go for well-priced soil and herbs/veggies.
4 So i went here the other day to pick up a christmas tree for our work place and i must admit the service here is good. The staff was very friendly and very fast to help us and they were semi busy as well. Mad props to the staff here! There is a good amount of parking and the price for the tree that we got was totally worth it!
4 This would have been a one star review because of the poor customer service we received from the closing manager today. I had hip surgery on Friday and we needed some river rocks for a project the kids were doing. He directed us to out side some place near the wall. Well after looking all over out side and seeing nary a person in blue I ambled back over with husband, seven year old, and baby to the front to ask again.  Well Colby who wanted to help us in the first place, but was reprimanded by his manager, ended up helping us. He was really friendly and kind and saved this from being a one star review.  He should really consider finding a company that would actually value him as an employee, because from what we saw at Star its a company that doesn't value its employees or its customers. Management matters.
1 Bad customer service. Unreliable.
2 It seems like every time visit this location they never seems to have what I need. Also some plants don't look so healthy. I go to the other location which is far. sigh
3 As someone who is finds planting/greenery/ROSES to be a source of enormous pride and comfort, I lose my mind every time I pull into Star Nursery.    This chain offers a lot of plants - while I feel that the establishment is geared heavily towards contractors, it has a lot for the home designer - including a personal visit to your home for consultation on plants/lighting/etc.  While I would be happier if that visit gave a discount for plants used, it's pretty handy.    The plant specialist who may be swamped with customers and sometimes MIA is worth her weight in gold.  Super knowledgable, has some great suggestions that are native to desert life and was completely unbeknownst to me, and was generally helpful as can be.  Yes, the salesgirls can be a bit "huh?", but seriously, it's a lot of grunt work here and there ARE specialists to answer your questions.  They have a sweeeeeet variety of roses, especially during Springtime - not so much during Summer - including some rare varieties that you won't find at Lowes or Home Depot.  YES, they are that much more expensive but they are clearly labeled and easy to find.    Every now and then they have a great sale on a particular plant that's for dirt cheap - usually some decent staples such as everygreens or grasses that work for cottage gardens like my own or your average desert yard, such as everyone else.    The last time I was there a nice employee insisted on helping me carry my few plants out to the car, wished me a nice day, and everyone there said hello to me as I walked by.  I approve.
4 Megan was absolutely helpful and knowledgeable in helping select plants for my apartment. Great employee.
2 Great customer service! A few days after I purchased some indoor plants I noticed some big holes in the leaves. I found 3 big caterpillars! Two of them had moved to plants that I already had in my home. I wont be buying any more plants from Star nursery!
