2 I'm sure that my review is going to be tainted, given my lack of insurance and the bill that I just received from services rendered at this hospital...but get real. $3700 for an eight hour visit to the hospital to be treated for severe dehydration?! I looked over the bill and saw that they charged me $922 for all of the lab tests (urine, blood, etc.) and only $105 for the medication they pumped into me, but then I saw the over $2600 charge for just having me go into the emergency room and take up space. I was blown away. I haven't even received my doctor's fees yet, and I'm sure that will be a picnic. Are you kidding me? $3700 to help me keep fluids down?! I was livid when I found this bill in the mail.   The trip to the hospital was not a very pleasant one. While I understand that you're going to have some sick people in an emergency room, I was completely surround by people throwing up. Everyone had their own personal bucket to vomit in, and the noise was practically unbearable. Instead of publicly puking my innards out, I opted to drag myself to the bathroom. It didn't take me terribly long to get admitted, but once I did get in, it took the doctor almost another hour to come see me. At that time, he only popped in for about two minutes before taking off. He came by a while later to ask if the medication for my nausea was working, which it wasn't. So he switched me to something else. I didn't see him again for another few hours, when he just told me that I could go home when I wanted. The nurses were fairly helpful, but I was never told what was wrong with me until I was able to ask what was going on. I guess my beef with this place is how much they charge for me not even staying the night and requesting that much to be done on me. If they would have just told me I was dehydrated, I would have asked for a prescription and booked it out of there so they couldn't have charged me so much. Yikes.
5 I picked this hospital to have my little Ryder at because they have the nicest maternity wing. I did the tour a few weeks before I was due and was surprised at how huge the rooms were..so I signed up. Fast forward to the day I was being induced. The nurses were so nice and helpful. I was very nervous of course but they treated me so kindly. Many hours of labor later my doc called for a Csection so I was rushed in and 2 minutes later I was a mommy! The nurses & anesthesiologist took such good care of me. Even tho I am sure I was not the most likable person during labor! I would recommend anyone having a baby to do the maternity room tour..you will love it!
5 Well... as most who read my reviews may have noticed I have been a little out of commission. Largely this comes from being STUCK with a foot who does not want to cooperate with the rest of my body. Said foot had a bone spur the size of texas or some other state in it and has prohibited me from standing or walking ... thus my going out to yelp capability has been NIL . That is until said foot could not wait for surgery and I found myself being registered for the removal of the spur and the fixing of a very bad ankle. I was pre-registered on the phone, I do not remember the rep's name, but she was very sweet and kind ... and really was empathetic with my constant crying on the phone ... which I annoyed myself , so I am not sure how she stayed so nice. Then I had to go in to the registration / admissions desk to finish paperwork to go in for my surgery the next day. I spoke with a nurse and then the the rep at the registration desk. They were both very sweet and helpful also .  The next day (Friday) I woke up and got ready as per instructions, and was driven to the hospital where I checked in on the second floor for same day surgery.  I received a blinged out wrist band ( ok maybe not so blinged out ... but if Flo from progressive gets one .... so do I) Then I waited to be called back.  One of the volunteers who works with families while the patient is in recovery came over and met my family as well as talked with me.  Then Mary my pre op nurse came to get me . I took my sister with me, (not because I am a baby or anything , she said I could have company... well that and I AM a baby)  She prepped me for surgery giving me a really stylin patient gown and an iv . super cool that she deadened my hand prior to the IV which made for getting the iv that much easier.  Then I met my anesthesiologist Ryan ... and my OP-nurse Maggie.  All were compassionate and caring and really didn't mind that my nerves were probably .. shy of being brave.   All in all it was a good procedure ... I woke up ... the right I mean correct foot was operated on... and it went very well. My recovery nurse Tabitha... was AWESOME .... she went above and beyond in helping me get over post op nausea... and she was kind and caring .   I honestly can not thank everyone at the hospital enough for all of their help, concern and support through my surgery .   If I ever have to have any other procedures done ... it will be done at this hospital for sure... Most professional and proficient staff .... I trust them completely
5 A close friend of mine was in the ICU for a stroke.  He was in the hospital for 12 days and in the ICU for 10 of those days.  I went to visit him last week.    Although he didn't make it, the hospital staff was very professional and fought very hard to keep him alive.  It is one of the best hospitals in the Las Vegas Valley.  His family was very pleased with the care that he received during his stay here.  He will be remembered by friends and family.....at least we are assured that he was well taken care of during his final days.  I hope I never return to this place.....but that's not because of their service levels....it's because I don't like being in a hospital.
5 Best place to have a baby! Came back for #2 and the nurses/staff were excellent as usual.
4 If admitted to the hospital, be prepared to stay for hours even after the Dr. has signed the discharge papers, at least on the Day shift. It seems that the Day Shift likes to push work onto the Night Shift. I have experienced this with both my father's and sister's hospital stay. Over a year apart and with almost the same results. The ER staff is fantastic! However, because of the lack of synergy with the hospital, it is hard to get patients admitted to the hospital. The ER looks like a MASH unit. There are beds lined up along the walls, waiting for rooms to be readied for admittance. There seems to be a severe lack of overall vision, when it concerns the hospital management.  The nursing staff is awesome, but whoever is responsible for turning over rooms really needs to be taken to task. In the case of my sister, she spent almost 24 hours in the hospital and not once had a meal, other than when I went to get her food. PISS POOR!!!!!!!  In summary, if I need to go to an ER, I am requesting St. Rose. I need to figure out how to make this request known, in case I am unable to voice my wishes. If I need to be admitted, I am having the ambulance stop at In-N-Out Burger and I need to have access to Food Delivery options.
5 I got a call a couple of days ago at work from my mom telling me that my boy had decided that it would be a SUPER idea to run with his truck along the ground and face plant into the cabinet...therefore popping his chin wide open (cue lots of blood, crying and panic). I race home like a bat outta heck and take him to St. Rose.   I have my dad call in advance to make sure they take my insurance...he said the lady on the phone was quick and courteous....so we all pile in the car and off we go. My boy is being so brave...just kinda whimpering and informing us that he needed his chin fixed (my son..Captain Obvious).  We roll into the emergency room and its pretty crowded for a Thursday evening (we checked in around 6:45pm). Julianne O took care of my son's vitals (blood pressure, weight, all that fun stuff). She was so kind and caring. He warmed right up to her (funny how he does that to a pretty girl...I think I might have a future Casanova on my hands). The nice part about St. Rose is that they have an adult emergency room and a pediatric emergency room. The adult side was moving quickly...but the kiddos side was moving like molasses (the wait sucked but my boy was fine...the bleeding had stopped and he was watching Iron Man on his little DVD player...so we were not in a life threatening state).   Finally, after about 3 hours Dr. Vincent (I can't remember his last name) came out and apologized profusely for the wait and explained that it was like a fire sale on the pediatric side. He was so great with little kids (he was talking to my boy about Iron Man while he was assessing his chin). Thankfully Dr. Vincent determined that he didn't need stitches and that Dermabond (skin glue) could be used. One of the nurses brought out some numbing stuff for his chin because before it could be glued the wound had to be cleaned out...which stings a lot.   They take us back to a room and we wait a bit longer...which is fine because when I took a look around I wanted to get on my knees and thank God that my boy was not severely sick or injured like some of the other kids there. Nurse Theresa (such a sweetie...also chatting up my boy about Iron Man) and Dr. Vincent came back to finish the procedure. He had a BRILLIANT idea to have me hold the portable DVD player over my son's head so he could focus on that while they rinse out and glue his wound. It worked BEAUTIFULLY and I am extremely proud to say that my boy didn't make a peep (such a little studmuffin!).  All in all we ended up getting out of there around 11pm (its an ER...you are going to wait a while) with my boy showing off his cool bandages and well-earned Iron Man stickers to everyone who would look. I am very impressed with how Dr. Vincent and all the ER staff at St. Rose handled the crowds...so caring and professional. So basically the moral of the story is if you ever feel bad about your life or even day...go sit in an ER for a bit and you will change your tune quite quickly. Thanks Dr. Vincent!
5 I had the pleasure of giving birth to my bundle of joy back in June and it's just amazing! Of course being in labor for 12 hours is painful and dreadful but if I have to give birth again, it will be here! I went in because my doctor sent me and saw one nurse who kept checking up on me for two hours. She was really nice and kept me from going on a nervous breakdown since my husband was still working. Then 2 hrs passed and I was officially checked in to the biggest maternity room I have ever seen. I was so comfortable there and the nurses were just too nice! Although I might say one was getting annoyed by me, but come on I was in labor. My husband and both grandma's were able to stay with me in the room throughout the entire process. So to me that was a plus. By the time the actual birth came along nurse Shelly took care of me and boy did she do her job right! I had been in some random pain on my left thigh and the other nurse whose name I can't recall just told me there was nothing she could do. Nurse Shelly talked me through it, she told me what I should expect, and just calmed my nerves down.  After my baby boy was born he was never taken from the room away from me. Nurses came in to shower him in front of us and everytime they needed to check on him he was never taken away. The food by the way is delicious! Overall this was a great, clean, friendly hospital!
5 Yep, for a hospital (and I do so loathe hospitals and doctors), St. Rose really is as good as it gets. It's nice and clean - it doesn't feel like a creepy place (which is how I feel about most hospitals). The wait times are never long. The receptionist / front desk staff are actually nice and courteous. I've never encountered a bad doctor here. And the nurses just rock. If you have a choice of what hospital to go to, head on over to this one.
5 3 years ago I was here for about a week. I would recommend this place to everyone. I received great care & attention. Not once did I feel neglected.
5 I was here yesterday visiting a sick friend. All the Doctors were so good and the nurses were taking such great care of her. I was really shocked about the little touches they did to make the patient feel better. Normally I avoid all hoptials in the valley but if I should ever need one, this one would be my choice.
5 This is such an awesome and new hospital!!! walking in, felt more like a hotel then a hospital...nice!!!
5 How I ended up here was bitter, but when I FINALLY left, it was sweet. On October 31, 2011, my OB told me immediately to go to St. Rose, to go in for overnight observation because my BP was too high and it could/would affect my pregnancy. At the time, I was 30 weeks pregnant and even though I started to have complications at 28 week, I never expected to go into the hospital so soon.   As soon as we got there, we went straight to the third floor (Labor and Delivery). I walked through the doors and went to check in. I said, "My doctor just called here and told me to come here." The secretary (or whatever her job title was) said, "Oh, you must be Grace. We're getting your room ready. Once we have your room, you can go right in and we'll bring your paperwork to you." So it literally was less than 5 minutes before I was whisked away to my room, told to change into my lovely blue gown and told to wait for further instructions. Within one hour, I was hooked up to an IV, told my BP was going to be monitored every 15 minutes, my blood sugar was going to be checked every hours, and was going to be given a  steroid shot to help my baby's lungs. Everything happened so fast that I still was thinking, "Dang, who's gonna cover my shift tonight at work?!"   The doc making the rounds that night pretty much told me that I was going to be in for overnight observation, but it could lead up to more depending on my condition. Well, one night led to another...and another...and another. Altogether, my lovely stay at St. Rose was 15 days (not including the 2 weeks after because my baby was in the NICU). I was told I needed to be on complete bed rest, watch my diet and told to RELAX (-- which is tough for me to do). The first week I was there was pure torture. I was bored. Wanted to cry. Felt bad for being stuck there and even worse thinking that my hospital bill will be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. But...let me tell you...if it weren't for the nurses, the doctors and all the people that work at St. Rose, I'm sure the tail end of my pregnancy would have been a much worse experience. Every morning the cleaning lady and I would chit chat and it was a breath of fresh air. The nurses were all so nice and sweet (and I had a few favorites). I was loaned a TV with an Xbox and DVD player. I was given a refrigerator for my room. I was given a stack full of magazines to kill the boredom and the daily visits from Shawn (the lady who handles all the food for the patients) was the sweetest lady in the world. I hear horror stories about some women's experiences at the hospital and from the moment I got there, till I left, I was given such good care, I truly felt spoiled once I left. I was not only grateful that my wonderful insurance covered my stay...I was grateful that my memory of this experience was so good I remember it like it was yesterday.    Right after the birth of my daughter, because of her size and condition, she had to stay in the hospital for two more weeks. Those weeks were tough...and made me appreciate what the nurses do, what the doctors do and what the parents go through. I was fortunate that Lilly was just being monitored because of her size and eating habits (which are great now), but what I witnessed made me feel for the parents whose babies were in much more difficult situations. My experiences with the NICU nurses were all over the board. I had some that were so attentive, caring and willing to educate me on the care of a preemie. Some were cold, indifferent and you could tell were tired and overworked. Some were talkative and friendly and others were forceful and treated you like you weren't good enough of a parent. I tried to put myself in their shoes and just made the decision to appreciate what they did for my child.  In the end, I learned a lot in the NICU and I think my child being there for a couple of weeks, helped me cope with the stress of having a newborn and healing from a C-section. If I have another baby...I am sooooo having a child here again. I not only will vouch for their service, but their expertise, care and compassion.    The check in process was probably different for me because of the circumstances I was under, but the check out process was just as smooth. When I had questions about billing, someone immediately came up to my room. On my last day, I was never pressured to leave at a certain time or anything. Even when I was visited by the lady from the billing department, we were able to work out a payment plan that took so much weight off my shoulders.   Kudos to Shawn who gave my baby a blanket (she didn't need to) and helped me have the best food I could, but still fall within the diabetic guidelines!! LOL!!!
5 Awesome staff nurses and doctors!!! They are on top of everything!!! Keep up the good work. Treated my UTI well!!!
5 St. Rose prides itself on excellent customer service.  Both this campus and the San Martin campus are beautiful hospitals.  Rose de Lima is the oldest campus and it does show, but there is a lot of wonderful history that goes along with that building.  The staff at the Siena campus are open minded and friendly and will bend over backwards to make sure the patient's have everything that they need.  The food in the cafeteria isn't going to win any awards but it open late and priced reasonably.   In addition, for those living on the south side of the valley with kids, Siena has a wonderful Pediatric Emergency Room, and a Pediatric Department with a Pediatric ICU just in case.    These are the things I am starting to think about when selecting places to live, in addition to great shopping an food options!
5 Great local hospital that has a wide array of services for the community.  Their pediatric department is one of the main factors in our family's decision to move to Henderson.  It is always nice to know that you have options, especially when you have little ones at home!
5 Clean hospital with friendly workers. Mom works here and loves it. Wanting to work here in the future because I am satisfied of the way the hospital runs.
5 LOVE this hospital. Was treated like First Class, this place did not wreak of any typical hospital smell whatsoever, can you believe the DR even came to talk to me for an ER visit? now that's really unheard of esp. in California! oh how I would LOVE to work here once i become a nurse ;)
5 Their ER station & waiting room has been remodeled. It's easier how they have the reception and triage in one place. A timesaver too. It was clean and didnt have that antiseptic hospital smell it used to have.  They do have antibacterial dispensers all over though.  I like that!   Staff from security who was nice enough to direct us to an empty parking space closest to the entrance, to the janitor who saw the lost look on my face and stopped his job to help me & walk me over to the nurses station,helped ease our visit there.  The nurses and dr's of course were also excellent.   The only minor complaint  I had was the cafeteria.(Of course the foodie in me had to make a comment) Not that I'm a health nut but I was surprised at all the soda and sugary juices they stocked and only water and 2 choices of unsweetened drinks and tea that was decaffeinated were the only non soda drinks. Ya think a hospital cafeteria would have more healthier alternatives than that. (Psst Coconut water/juice would be nice!)  The zen like garden and water fountain outdoors was a nice break to just gather your thoughts.
5 "Yup. 1st time being admitted to a hospital after living in the USA for 11 years. All good. Pressure been high after my 33 weeks pregnancy. Hope for the best. Baby's ok." - This was frm June 202
5 LOVE this hospital. Really dedicated wonderful nurses.
5 I absolutely love this hospital. I don't like the fact that I've been here for almost two months but it really helps when you have a caring staff looking out over your well being. With the exception of one nurse every other one treated me as if I were part of their family. The doctors were very helpful and answered all my questions I had. Transport team was nice. Just a good place overall. Rooms were clean and wait times were very quick. Hopefully when I do get out I won't have to return but if I do I know I'm in good hands.
4 I don't think I could have given birth at a better hospital. When I went to pre-register[3 weeks before i gave birth which is a week later then when your supposed to register]the nurses on staff were all friendly and i wasn't rushed at all. I came in with braxton hicks contractions and felt so stupid but the nurse reassured me that its nothing to be ashamed of it happens to most people. When it was actually time[at 11pm 2 days later]the security guard at the ER saw me struggling to make it and quickly offered me a wheelchair. When we made it up to the labor & delivery floor the nurses got me all situated in the monitoring room and due to some medical complications on my part i did end up having a c-section but it wasn't as bad as i was told it was going to be. The nurses and anesthesiologist were very professional throughout the procedure and then the red carpet was rolled out. I am a new and fairly young[almost 21 when i gave birth]mother and the maternal instinct didn't kick in right away and i was afraid to hold my own kid but the nurse stayed with me and talked me through the fear I was having and within 5 minutes I was holding my son. Since I delivered so late I wasn't taken to the post delivery floor until 8am the next day to which the epidural had yet to leave my body but thanks to my own medical knowledge[used to be a CNA]and the knowledge of the nurses they got me and my son up to our new room. The rooms are very private you get  your own space no sharing at all. You have your own bathroom and couch for visitors and THE FLAT SCREEN TV DOUBLES AS A COMPUTER!!!!!!! You get a mommy&company[i think its called a mommy&daddy dinner but we all know not everyone has a "daddy" so I use the word company]dinner thats really nice. The nurses get you up and walking up and down the hall asap so when you want juice or jello you can get out of bed and shuffle yourself down the hall and back. My nurse was AMAZING she hooked me up with a couple packs of diapers to take home with me, as well as extra wipes and about 10 packs of formula...i love that woman! I am not a fan of pain pills I would rather tough it out and at no point was I forced to take pain killers. The nurses came in twice a day[once during the day time shift and once during the night time shift]and asked if I wanted them for 1 day and after I told them I didn't want them at all they no longer brought them to me unless I asked...which was never. When it was time to leave I was excited and a bit saddened just because the nurses helped me get through the first 4 days of my child's life and trust me I was full of questions and concerns.  The only reason I gave them 4 stars is because I personally did not care for the pediatrician they had on staff. She scared me half to death when she told me my newborn had a heart murmur and a hole in his heart!!!! I was worried until I got my son to his normal pediatrician and they reassured me that my sons heart was normal and without a hole or murmur. Needless to say I was not a happy camper with that woman.
5 They have always taken GREAT care of my wife's grandfather.
5 I have checked into this ER as a patient twice in the past year. It is a great hospital with quick and efficient staff. Although the wait time may be long if you're having several tests being done, the staff works hard to get you out of there as soon as they can. The hospital is very clean and every doctor I've seen has been super nice and attentive. It is a hospital so sometimes you might feel awkward being around so many sick people, but it doesn't feel that bad here. If I were in another emergency St. Rose Siena is my chosen hospital to go to.
1 When I first moved to Las Vegas I was warned health care had issues here. With that in mind I already have lowered my expectations but little did I know what I was in for when I visited urgent care and they sent me across the street to the ER at St. Rose and told me we're calling to let them know you're coming, and oh, by the way if you are not seen in 6 hours from the start of your condition, you're in deep trouble. And that was 2 hours after my problem began.   When I stepped in the door I had trouble even getting the dang double inside doors to open to get into the ER. What I saw inside was something marginally better than a 3rd world experience, a cattle call / disorganized mess that did not improve as the night went on. The check-in process...was so messed up that even with the call ahead, it took almost 90 minutes to get to have a nurse stick an antiquated thermometer in my mouth. And the staff even called me up twice because they got their paperwork messed up and had opened two separate patient files on me. And that call ahead and having my papers from urgent care with me did nothing to speed things up. Rapid triage is what it says on the sign? The only thing rapid about this ER was how fast the outside doors slid open and closed.   Thankfully my issue was not as severe as it could have been because if the urgent care doc had been right, the 6 hour window was missed, badly. The equipment used by the triage nurse? Ancient, and substandard. The staff? I've seen livestock treated better and with more compassion. Here let's give you a pain shot so we can pad the bill. Let's stick you on a bed with no privacy, let's leave the curtain open and not give a damn about how long you've been waiting. Let's use you to train our radiology staff. Let's take too damn long to handle your lab work, and let's not even read the paperwork urgent care sent with me.   In short this for profit hospital run by some outfit called Dignity Health doesn't have a dang clue what dignity stands for as their staff doesn't know how to show it.   Frankly I found myself missing the public hospital in Kansas City, Truman Medical Center. At least they know how to treat people with respect and not as a mark to suck insurance dollars from.   I pray as long as I live in Vegas that I am not hurt enough that I ever have to visit this facility again. Haul my derriere over to UMC and let me take my chances against the clock vs. going back to this waste of time, real estate, and resources that claims to be a patient serving facility.   Las Vegas deserves better than this. I can assure you after my experience here if Dignity Health wants to expand their facilities I will be screaming NO to the Henderson Planning & Zoning Committee as Southern Nevada needs less of Dignity Health, and sloppy, pathetically run facilities such as St. Rose. This place is a disgrace to the community.  Oh and by the way, the no wi-fi issue shows just how behind the times this place is. We quit giving out wi-fi vouchers at 9 pm, and nobody knew where the vouchers even were. Hello? It's 2013, not 1985. Update your processes and policies...and bring in some real management that knows how to run a hospital please. What I saw here... I knew things were bad in Vegas but dang...this was worse than I could have ever had a nightmare of.
3 Update! Since I wrote my previous review a lot of very good things have happened. The staff and management of St. Rose - Siena reached out to me and have been very responsive in listening to my concerns. To top it off and in the interest of full disclosure I was asked to serve on a citizens advisory panel to help with improving things at St. Rose. I haven't made a decision on that yet but the opportunity to get involved is certainly appreciated.   With all that in mind I'm going to bump my stars up and remove St. Rose from any lists I placed them on. Any place that cares enough to listen to their customers and wants to take action on their suggestions certainly deserves more than 1 star.
3 Don't leave home without your patience.  This place is busy.  Busy day in the Emergency room. In/out in 5 hours. Employees were stressed - not friendly - just there putting in time. Areas of the ER had trash on the ground - floors needed cleaning.
4 I gave birth to my daughter here on 12/31/12.  I loved my "graveyard" nurses. Nurse Jewel was lovely, concerned and funny. A TRUE GEM! Nurse Jewel was training a new nurse that night, which meant that any time I was checked for dilation, it was done twice. A little uncomfortable, but they were such a joy, I didn't care. I was so sad that their shift ended before my daughter came (2 hours later.)  I can't be so positive about the nurses who came in at 7 am. They did not introduce themselves. I was fully dilated when they came on the clock.. They called the doctor, mine of course was on vacation... So I waited an hour for this replacement to come! A freaking hour! The nurses would have me push, and then stop. And then push again, and then stop. They told me that they needed to wait for the doctor to get here. Are you kidding me? I'm at a 10, and you can see my baby's head, and you're telling me to stop?!?!?!?  WHY THE EFF ARE YOU ON THE MATERNITY FLOOR?  Finally, the guy showed up. And when he got there, he was demanding why this baby wasn't born yet, he and the nurses cared more about gossip then making this special for me and my husband (first time parents).  He then decided to nit pick with one of the nurses about what time my baby was born. 843 am, or 844 am. Yes. I am serious. His majesty decided on 844.  The food here was terrible. Husband picked me up food from carrabba's across the street.
4 Have had the pleasure of being at the ER here several time.  :/ Anyway we have always been pretty fast at getting in and out of here. Since there is a separate section for kids when we had to come in  here for our daughter we where in and out in less then an hour. Since this in only 5 min from our house it will continue to be where we go in emergency situations.
5 Review Update: Since I wrote my original 1 Star review and the 3 Star follow up good things have been happening at St. Rose. When I unloaded point by point on the original review with everything that happened on my visit, I had no idea that each concern would be addressed like it has. There is a VP over there, I don't have permission to use her name, but she gets it. She reads these reviews, she read mine and took action. She cares, and doesn't just send out nicely written responses. She pushes for change, the staff and managers have responded to that call for change, and some of the changes she has pushed could now be implemented system wide across Dignity Health. But none of the changes that will benefit thousands would have happened had I not posted that Yelp review, and if that VP had not truly cared.   In short, Yelp can create positive change in our community... my experience is proof of it. Thank you Dignity Health for responding and putting the "care" back in health care.and thank you to the Yelp community for giving me a voice and a way to help make things a little better for everyone.   5 Stars...earned the hard way, but earned none the less.
4 Healthcare in Nevada is a little scary.  An undereducated, litigious population has not translated into scores of excellent doctors and nurses to care for the masses.  But, it seems, St. Rose is an exception.  Most of the best doctors I've encountered in town work out of this hospital. And, ask any elderly person in Sun City and they will probably say they are happy to live near St. Rose. It's just a great spot.  But, dude, what is up with the cafeteria?!?!? Seriously, WTF????  This is the worst hospital cafeteria EVER.  I grew up eating in hospital cafeterias so I feel like I know their deal.  But, St. Rose's cafeteria is just bizarre.  There is NOTHING healthy served in it. No salads, no vegetables (unless fried or covered in a sauce), no healthy sandwiches.  It's simply a food desert.  So, so weird.  Are they trying to create new business by causing cardiac arrest in the patrons?  Bottom line--if you're visiting, the patients are probably safe...but not from the food.  Bring supplies.
1 I hate hate giving negative review, unfortunately, i had to take my sister into the ER, checking was confusing, on top of that, the check in clerks were some what cold and distant, not only to me but to other patients as well. The clerks were casually chit chat with themselves, i noticed some other sick patients checking in were having problem filling out the required paper work, instead of helping the patients, they sat behind their desk and pointed fingers and shouted to give people instruction. There was a man who came in and said he thinking he has a heart attack, the clerk still making him filling out the paper work???  finally a security guard saw him shaken and had a hard time standing so he go grab a wheel chair! Just the thought of being in the ER, these patient are scared, nervous and stressed out, instead of showing a caring, compassionate face, these "customer service" staff make it look like we should begged for the service.
5 So far this hospital has been great! The staff is very attentive to the patients and their guest.  My daughters Nurse Juan was amazing! He did everything to make my daughter & i  feel comfortable. .. I feel asleep on the chair& i guess he can tell i was freezing and he put a warm blanket on me.:) everything has been great! Also The nurse Saeed that takes vitals is also amazing!
5 Today I took my daughter in for a scheduled surgery to have tubes placed in her ears. The surgery was scheduled for 6 am. I was so pleased with the care from the staff. I had pre-registered her 2 weeks ahead of time and the check in was very easy. When we got called back to the pre surgery room my 4 year old daughter started to get nervous but the nurse was so nice and comforting. The Anesthesiologist came in and was very caring and nice and talked to my daughter to let her know what he was going to be doing and that she didn't need to be scared. When they took her back she wasn't even crying or anything, the surgery is about 10-15 minutes and when it was over the post surgery nurse was very accommodating making sure my daughter felt good, and went over everything with me and even walked us out to the elevators. The service was incredible!! I never felt rushed, or ignored, my daughter got the best care and I would highly recommend this hospital. The ENT doctor was very professional, I will leave a review on his business page. His name is Randall T Weingarten. Thanks again Sienna campus!
3 I've been to this location on a few emergency trips. The service is different each & every time. Sometimes you wait what seems a lifetime other times they take u straight to the back. However the doctors are kind it's the first people you come in contact with that will make u lose your religion.  Maybe some people are over worked and just tired. However a smart mouth will get u punched in the throat if u talking to me & I'm in severe pain. However I'm back again. Feeling as if I'm on deaths door. And today everyone is helpful kind and professional.  I feel safe but can't control my breathing don't know what's going on I'm loosing my eye sight maybe my sugah is to low. It sucks being a diabetic.
5 So when was the last time you had to go to the ER.  Hopefully never - or a long time ago.  For me it was about 5 years ago and I had a terrible experience.  Signed in and waited for about 2 hours for a bed.  Got in a bed and waited about an hour for the doctor.  Saw the doctor and waited another hour for a ct scan.  Had the ct scan and waited another hour for the results - common theme back then was WAITING  Ended up in need a few days ago and went to Siena ER, all prepared for the wait this time; but it was different.  Walked in and sat in the nurses chair.  WHILE I WAS IN THE CHAIR the PA came up and greeted me and asked a few questions.  Said he was going to put some orders in to help expedite my care.  (very red carpet feel).  I eft the nursing chair to go directly for an EKG.  After EKG I got the needle and labs were done.  x-ray tech pulled me from the lab chair and whisked me off to x-ray.  (I was starting to think they had the wrong person - I'm a lot of things - but not a VIP).  After x-ray, I came back near the room where I first met the intake nurse and was put in a lounge chair in front of a big screen TV.  Thought to myself - "Here comes the wait"  Not more then 15 minutes later a doctor comes and greets himself, pulls me into a private room and did the detail work.  But instead of the wait after the doctor sees me; this time they went over all of my results and had a plan of care.  Not only could I not get an appointment with my Primary care doctor; even if I did I would have waited longer then I spent at Siena ER and he probably would have told me to go there anyway.  Definitely a change.  I didn't get the nice and breezy gown, yoga matt bed or even the fancy socks.  What I did get were people who truly seemed to care about me (and my time).  Hope I never have to go back - but good to know the ER there if I need to.  dg
5 We arrived in Las Vegas and had to go straight to emergency from the time we got their it was amazing everyone was helpful , nice a little crowded but they accommodated us.  My husband had to stay 2 nites and they found the problem .
3 Delivered both babies at this hospital. The delivery floor is great and great nurses.   Free wifi  Pediatric ER is the best in Henderson/Vegas in my opinion! I have been to the ER a few times and their system is a little better every time.  The doctors are always very nice and attentive to the little ones. It is nice that the kids tend to get in a bit faster, and they have Tv's in the room with DVD's and cassette tapes to keep my little ones occupied.  Billing always comes to you for you to pay while you wait for the doctor. This is nice so you do not have to wait in line with them after all is said and done, because it is normally a few hours of your life.   I do not like their Security! You need a wifi voucher from them and they are never to be seen! There is a lot of construction going on right now so they offer a Valet service. Very nice! However if you are there after 11pm, which I was you have to wait for the Security guy to appear to get your keys and walk to your car.
4 Any trip to an ER is unpleasant but when you are helped in the end the aggravation level can drop. I waited with my wife in the ER for close to 5 hours until we got to see a Dr. It was uncomfortable and annoying not being able to get in sooner but the place was so busy. Most of the staff was accommodating and there were a few just sitting there complaining and gossiping about everyone. The Dr and nurses in the area with the beds were awesome. constantly checking on my wife and getting here to different tests with help. They made sure the pain was gone before we left and gave us references for specialists. They were amazing. The wait is long at most hospitals at times and you have to bare with it.
