1 Took an hour to get one pizza!! Rude staff  n I wasnt the only one that was told 10 more min and waited 30
1 I,m from New York this is not pizza!
5 Everyone was so nice! Great customer service!
1 Order took over 1 hour to deliver. Pizza was cold and tasted stale. Asked for refund, manager is an idiot. DO NOT GO HERE!
2 I used to live in New York, and I can say with confidence that Pizza Hut on the East Coast is loads better in quality than PH on the West. Regardless, I have definitely had better pizza in general than any Pizza Hut in the US, anyways, so this review is going to be more about the service.   Service: 2 - Feeling lazy one Saturday night, we ordered our Pizza online with some garlic sauce to boot.   They ended up calling about 2 minutes after we sent the order to make sure that we actually ordered. If they're going to do that, they should just get rid of online ordering and prompt everyone to make a phone call! It would be much easier on their end.  When we arrived at the time that they said it would be ready over the phone, the pizza was ~not~ ready. They continued to state while we were waiting that the "real reason" they called was because they were out of garlic sauce...then why didn't you mention that over the phone? Another 8-10 minutes later, we had a pizza to take home!  Poor organization and failure to make a pick-up deadline for a just-okay pizza. Service is slow and confusing--better avoid! Happy food hunting :)
1 Being from New York I usually order from a better pizzeria but I was low on cash and needed to get something. So I decided to order from this pizza hut. I am so disappointed in my experience here. I ordered online. I ordered a large stuffed crust pizza, wings, and bread sticks. The order came pretty fast which was good. But when I received my food I was terribly upset. All the food was so overcooked and somewhat burnt and the wings were so dry we had to go to the gas station for more soda/water to wash it down. When I tried calling this location I was put on hold and then proceeded to wait 10 mins. After that a rude gentleman came on the phone and told me if I had a problem then I should call a different day because they were  'too busy." I will never go to this location again I am so upset.
