3 This is one of the few bars walking distance from my house. I heard the food wasn't that great so I have only had drinks there. Unlike Jonathan G's review, the staff has been great the few times I've gone and the drinks were cheap. I would pick this place over a Steiners or Timbers if you're in the mood for a few pints.
4 Food was ok -  not fabulous, but hey it's bar food. The restaurant was rather empty so service was exceptional. What bumped them up to 4 stars is the fact that they now are on Restaurant.com.  This morning, we wanted to take our 3 starving teenaged boys out for breakfast, which would normally cost about 50-75 bucks (they'll each eat a big platter of food, then get pancakes or french toast for sides)!   We pulled up restaurant.com, and Putters came up as a new restaurant. We ordered a $25 gift certificate and used a code to get 80% off. The certificate cost $2, and breakfast ended up totaling us $22 after the coupon. But man all the food those boys consumed was worth it.   The boys all ordered chicken fried steak and it was a large portion, crispy and flavorful. I had a skillet with made to order eggs, home fries, peppers, onions, cheese, and bacon or sausage. It was exellent.   We were very surprised at how delicious the food ended up tasting. We hope they end up remaining on restaurant.com, as we'll quickly become regulars.
3 Nice people but WAY too loud for a neighborhood bar.
3 I read the few previous reviews for Putter's, so my expectations weren't high.  Our Friday Night Fearless Foursome drove there in the rain.  Instead of choosing to feel like royalty in the totally empty dining room, we opted to sit at one of the high tables in the bar area.  It wasn't crowded, and no one was eating, so my expectations for the food dropped a few notches lower.  Surprisingly, everything was very good.  Not fabulous, but there was nothing to complain about (after Sid, our waiter, swapped out our rocking table for a more stable one).  I had a glass of Piesporter Riesling, a good-sized pour that ended up costing only four bucks.  My husband had a Newcastle on tap.  Our quesadilla appetizer was big enough for the four of us to share.  My friend's club sandwich had very moist turkey.  I had the open-faced Monterrey Chicken sandwich, but instead of the sourdough, I ordered it on a French roll.  The bread was like all the other bread in Vegas - it sucked.  Well, that's harsh.  I guess it was okay unless you're not Vegas born and bred.  But the filling was very good, with a moist chicken breast, lots of avocado, tomato, cheese and onion.  Sandwiches come with fries, potato salad or cole slaw.  My friend had the fries, which were decent, and I had the cole slaw, and it was very good.  My husband had a bowl of chili - cheap, but everything but the chili is extra - a dollar for the bowl size, a dollar for cheese, and seventy-five cents for chopped onions.  Still cheap.  The last entree was the chicken fried steak dinner, and our friend said it was tasty.  All in all, our dinner at Putter's way exceeded our expectations.  I wouldn't give it a rave or travel very far for it, but if you're in the neighborhood and looking for some decent bar food, it satisfies,  it's reasonable, and it's also on restaurant.com.
3 Once upon a time I use to come to this place to meet friends for late night drinks and to hang out.  That was a long time ago, when it first opened.  Now, I only stop by when I take one of the cars in for servicing next door at Ted Wien auto service, which was the case during my most recent visit.  It's a nice place to hang out and have a few drinks while you kill time.  There are video poker machines on the bar, but since I don't gamble I hung out at one of the tables near the bar and surfed the web on my iPad.  The bartenders were very friendly and bored.....they'd talk to a rock if they could, so you should have some nice company too.  Overall, it's a pretty cool neighborhood bar.  They serve food, but I wasn't hungry the day I was there, so no food this trip.  Return Factor - 50%
5 I've been visiting Putter's for over seven years now and the service has always been excellent!    They have great food which is always served in a timely manner and the bartenders always take care of you.    You can shoot pool, play darts, or play those video golf and that new video dart game.    Want to relax?  I visit with my friends from the Hawaiian Golf group every week and they have been coming into this location for almost 10 years!  Highly recommended and I'll see you there!  Las Vegas Massage Therapist Kris Kelley (702) 203-5670
5 We always enjoy frequenting this bar.  We go once a week for pizza & drinks.  Ryan & Sid are fabulous & Kimmy is such a great gal.  Always a good time & unstressful !
3 So I give this place three stars because the staff is generally friendly and I enjoy the ambiance. It plays decent music and I enjoy grabbing a buddy and hitting it up for some keno or video poker while I have a few beers. It's got a pool table, darts, and this awesome golf machine. I def. enjoy making use of these during a weeknight when I don't want to be out past 11-12. Not a place I would recommend to take a significant other (unless that's your scene) or a large group of friends.  One or two buddies and you're good. As far as the food- sober it tastes, just okay; its decent when I'm drunk though.  I had the sliders which came on this pale dry bun, wings- which tasted kinda odd, onion straws which were only sub-par, onion rings were pretty good, then french fries were what you'd expect, the mozzarella sticks were not the best, the breading broke apart into a million pieces and ruined the whole experience.   So overall, take a few buds and enjoy a few beers and a few rounds of games and maybe some drunk munchie food after wards, other than that, don't bother.
3 I miss my old bartender.  I took my friends here who came in town from DC because we were looking for just a chill night that Monday.  I was telling them how the staff was friendly and I loved coming here for beer, darts, and golden tee.  The bartender was not friendliest, and the waitress was whack!  Monday nights are awful at this place.  Tuesday nights, the bartender still is there, but the waitress is the best!  I recommend sitting at one of the tables and letting her serve you, avoid that bartender like the plague! Unless you're a women, he seems to love them.     I'll check back in a month or so and see if it gets any better,
4 Great little neighborhood bar.  The staff is super friendly (if you are) and is ready to chat it up.  The drinks were good and not expensive, we had some potato skins with drinks which were really loaded, lots of cheese and bacon.  They served them with sour cream and a marinara sauce, I ended up liking the marinara sauce a lot.  Lot's of games around and even have video poker, etc at the bar.  I like that it's close enough that we can ride our bicycles up, have a few drinks and be home in minutes.
5 Graveyard bartender is awesome!  Her name was Carrie and she had me laughing all night.  Spent way longer than I expected and definitely going back the first chance I get.  My new favorite place...
1 This is the most unfriendly bar I have ever been to.  I was in there watching Sunday football games and gambled $200.00 and drank beer while I was there.  I went to leave and the bartender Jenn chased me out the door and said I needed to pay my tab.  I said I have been gambling for the past two hours and I should be comped for my drinks.  She was extremely rude and so was the waitress when I threw the bitch $20.00 for my 3 beers and took my $5.00 tip back and said I would never walk into this bar again and I will tell everyone I know not to bother going to such a rude bar!!!
3 Pretty good combination pizza. Always see the same regulars here.. Awkward $1 extra for to go orders.. Lol  nice bartenders
4 Putters on west Cheyenne is a nice place to unwind after work or even stop by for lunch.  Had the large pizza and it was great.
4 Putters is as reliable as you can get, regarding getting something decent to eat at any time of the day or night. They're within walking distance from my home, and whenever my wife and I go there, we walk. They renovated the place a number of years ago, and the new look is much less dive-like than it used to be.  Their breakfast is better than average, and very inexpensive They have skillet breakfast and all other breakfast staples. I like their lunches because they are large portions. The first time I ate lunch there, I ordered the 5 lb burger. It was one of the rare times that I needed a doggy-bag. Their only downfall is that they don't have a complete wall separating the restaurant from the bar, so at times, you can smell the cigarette smoke, but if you eat there really early or really late, the smoke isn't an issue. The servers are nice (especially the breakfast servers. My wife always tells me that they flirt with me too much, but their job is to get good tips, and I like the attention). I don't know what more I can say, except that writing about their breakfast has suddenly made me hungry.
