3 Going to the cell phone store is usually a true test of one's patience. Long wait times, less than knowledgeable staffs and high priced equipment. For the longest time the Verizon store at Rainbow and Charleston fit this description to a tee, but lately it seems that they have worked to change that business model.    One of the things that have changed at this location is that upon entering the store you are immediately approached by an employee who asks what you are there for. This allows them to route you to the appropriate person to help you. This little change in the way business is done seems to have expedited the process.    All in all you are still going to the cell phone store which is only fun if you are getting a new device. Outside of that, it's like getting a root canal. Thankfully Verizon Wireless has attempted to make experience less painful than it had previously been. BTW, I've had service from several carriers and Verizon has given me the best service I've ever had. Less dropped calls and coverage in places like my cabin in the mountains of Utah.
1 Bought a replacement HTC Incredible 2 for $140.00 on 4/18/12.  By 5/29/12, phone was not starting up.  Tech support tried to force a lesser phone down my throat since they no longer have Incredible 2 in stock.  Went to the store to seek fairness and was given a "one-time offer" to BUY another phone for $190 (I think) as an "early upgrade."  This was not acceptable.  All I have been looking for was fairness in the form of an equivalent replacement phone with an 8MP camera and CDMA/GSM capabilities. In any case, the manager "Terry", I think, logged that my phone is damaged which (even after they were still willing to provide the lessor replacement phone) has now invalidated my warranty. I have posted a photo of the"damage" on this yelp page.  In case they erase it, you can also find it here:  https://twitter.com/DonKudler/status/208293975826767872/photo/1  It took way too long, but I was finally able to get a new/replacement phone from a different store thanks to the District Manager.
5 After a poor experience at the verizon store on maryland parkway, i went to this store. They fixed me up, got me into a better plan, and were clearly on the ball.  Nice people too.
2 This is a little late from the date of my experience.   I went in last month to get with a better provider and purchase a new phone. My mom just purchased her iphone and my brother's at an incredible price with a plan. The gentleman helping me talked about the edge plan and the benefits, if which worked better for me. Now, I was directed to an iphone 5C as the price for it was just a slight bit more, and hey "it looks cooler." So I went with it, and love it.   Now onto the bad:  The guy had no idea what was happening after running my credit, the prices weren't matching what was advertised. The wait was ridiculous, they had a promo for the screen protector, case, and car charger for 49.99....but surprise surprise what I needed was out of stock, and my purchase took over an hour to complete. Lastly, I will admit that I did not research the phones prior to my visit (they had an affordable and reliable phone and I wanted it!) so come to find out, over a visit with my fam last week, what the C in 5C stood for. Granted my case covers my phone, but what the actual eff? I felt like this should have been something the sales guy should have mentioned.
