3 After a disastrous visit to One Stop Mailboxes and More, I came here to get my Printing & Shipping done.  All I needed was to:  1 - Print a few documents. 2 - Package up some product. 3 - Ship the package via my UPS account.  It was a bit of a process, but after a few minutes of working with the employee I was able to get the services that I was looking for done.  She too had issues printing from my Flash Drive....when did it become such a huge problem to print from a Flash Drive?  Overall, it was an ok experience.  I'm sure it will go 10x better the next time I need to get it done.  Will I return?  Yes.
1 What a joke!   Does every ups store have employees running around in flip flops and calling everyone "Dude"? Or have one trying to get the attention of the young gal who is more interested in doing her social networking ( I walked past and saw the site! ) than actually helping a customer. These "family" stores or independents rely on proximity only. Customer service is an exception, not the norm.  But what really chaffs my hide is that if ups damages a package, you expect that either ups or the store will take care of you, right? WRONG! They both point fingers at each other and claim that each other is responsible. And don't bother getting the insurance. According to this store, this only counts if they pack the item! Then why charge me for insurance that you won't honor anyway?! Who knows?!  Just another mom & pop mini-box store run by minimum wage hourly teens. Spare yourself the headache, use Fed-ex.
5 I have been a box customer with this location for almost 2 years.  Jess and the team there are great.  They totally help me take care of all my business and shipping needs day in and day out.
5 Outrageously friendly staff was patient, helpful, and didn't try to sell me crap I didn't need.  Very clean store also. Thanks :)
4 This store is cool I do business here often. The staff are nice respectful very professional. I'm always glad I stopped in here to take care of my personal business. Should you decide to stop in well you will be happy with your outcome as well.
