3 A good place to explore on a weekend. Many diverse offerings but often a little pricey.
1 We purchased two pagodas for our home and promised home delivery on 24 March but no latter than 1 April depending on shipment. No delivery was made and no attempt to contact us in reference to the delivery. We called on 4 April to follow-up and was told a specific delivery date cannot be guaranteed as their receipt from supplier is based on the truck size the supplier elects to use. We were then told to expect delivery in the end of April or the beginning of May. Promised delivery date was totally ignored. When we explained that we purchased based on the delivery date, they did not care. So we asked for a refund to our debit card. They told us to challenge the charge through VISA and further explained their accounting department is in Los Angeles and it will take weeks to process. We challenged the charge and finally got the refund. This is a buyer beware place of business. We will no longer visit this place of poor business.
1 Horrible service-weird lady (wendy?).  Laughed when I told her she was rude.  They came out to give a quote on my fountain-wanted to charge $250 for a quote (you can use it for the work).  Didn't show up when they were booked.  Walked into my courtyard without ringing the bell or announcing themselves.  Overall, all staff I dealt with was unprofessional.
1 We ordered a stone bench from here and we were told that it would arrive on Friday.  We were having a  party on Saturday, so we wanted to make sure that it was going to be there.  We were assured that it would.  It did not come.  When we called they had no record of the purchase and the girl that answered the phone was extremely rude and unprofessional.  After about an hour on the phone, and the girl swearing at me, the error was figured out and they sent the bench that day.  Too much hassle to save a few dollars.  The bench is awesome we love it, we will never return to this place, save yourself the headache.
1 This review is titled, "how to let dingbats ruin your business".  I thought it was just my order, but after seeing the other reviews I see that this pitiful service is a pattern with this store.    It took 6 visits to get one little statue I wanted.  First I emailed my inquiry and they said, "yes come on down, we have that or we can order it".  Of course they didn't have it and said we have many of that item in several catalogs, just tell us which one you want.  When we went to the catalogs,  they could only find one catalog, but I selected an item from there anyway.  When calculating the price,  I think the lady was drunk.  She had to ask me 6 times, "what price did I tell you?" At some point, it seemed she had quoted me the wrong price.  I told her I would gladly pay the correct price even if it was more.  She waved it off as her mistake and honored the price she quoted even though she had to ask me what it was again.  My first visit was a Sunday.  They called to order the item right then and told me I was in luck and it would arrive on Thursday or Friday.  I went the following Saturday and was told, oh no, deliveries are on Sunday.  I went on Sunday and was told the truck didn't make it, come back Next week.  I went the next week and was told 9 palates were lost and my item was on it. They promised they would "call me" when it arrives.  Then I was out of town and I called to check again.  I left a message that I had never heard back from them. They left me a snarky message back that they had tried to call me and my item had arrived and said that "she had it right in front of her".  I called to let her know I was out of town and would be there the following weekend.    On my next visit,  I was told, "the truck didn't come today".  I tried to explain that I was told that my item had arrived already and the girl was "looking at it".  They went back to the truck weight, the lost palates and any other bullshit they could think of.  They promised it would arrive tomorrow and they would "deliver it" free of charge.   My best guess is that it came in at some point and they sold it.  But chose to LIE  about what happened.   Of course they never called and never arrived at my door.     I called again today and was told, "there was no truck today" but they would call and inquire.  They called "Eugene" again (the guy with the truck).  He apparently told them it was there.   They found my item and told me to come tomorrow.  I said no I'm coming now.   She said we close at 3, but I'll wait for you and keep the gate open.  I got there at 2:50 and the gate was closed and no one answered the phone.  Luckily they saw me standing at the gate swearing my ass off and let me in to get my item.    Whoever Eugene is,  he was called about 16 times regarding my item, over a month and a half,   he probably delivered it at least 4 times.  The bottom line is they have NO SYSTEMS for properly ordering, tracking orders, setting aside special ordered items and communicating effectively with customers.    Every visit I spoke to someone new who "only helps out on weekends"  and every single person was a complete DING BAT!     When i asked for the owners name,  they REFUSED to give it to me.  So my only recourse is to let you all know,  NEVER SHOP THERE unless your item is on the floor (although most of the floor inventory is VERY OVERPRICED) .  I only kept at it because my item was a memorial for a loved one who had passed.  The best thing this business can hope for is a tornado to take their inventory and put them out of their dingbat misery.    What a shame to have a good idea, a great location, some cool inventory and then NOT a lick of service.
5 What an awesome store!! We had heard mixed reviews but decided to give it a try anyways... And I'm so glad we did. We are new to Vegas and our backyard needed help. The sales people were incredibly knowledgeable and helped explain all the differences in the products. They also gave us free delivery and although their guys showed up late in the day they were very thorough and clean (and spoke perfect English) I can't wait to go back to finish our courtyard.
4 Wife and I love this place. Prices are great and the selection of garden items is amazing. Largest item we've bought so far, a fountain, $500 delivered. Great place to browse and come up with new ideas. The staff has always been very helpful with us.
1 Company don't even deserve a single star I use to shop here I wanted four custom columns I went in person they scheduled some thing no body ever showed up I called no call backs finally I send them an email and today they called back a lady with a huge attitude Ho* you are calling back for my business with an attitude and you want me to jump and bend backwards for you to top it off and when I tell you I don't appreciate your attitude you want to get crazy go screw your clay learn to run a business and when I answer with my company don't hang up then call back you
