3 This location is take-out only. The service is what you expect from Pizza Hut at this type of place and that is "good".  Parking is adequate it is easy to pop in, get your order and then leave. Because I order pizza well-done it almost always takes longer for them to get my order ready than the estimate given on-line. I have only ordered from this location on-line.
1 I really wish you could give 1/2 stars or no stars on yelp. WORST pizza I have ever had in my life. Hey and that's saying a lot where I am concerned. Our company had a variety of 10 different kind of pizzas delivered for lunch today. I tried the Hawaiian, pepperoni, and meat pizzas.  The quality was poor, the crust was like cardboard, and they skimped on the toppings. I actually didn't even finish a whole slice, when I got to the edge of the crust I just could not eat it. There was barely enough cheese on the pepperoni slice to cover the sauce. I have had good pizza from pizza hut before, but avoid this location if your life depends on it.
1 Worst pizza experience yet. I ordered by phone, gave CC info and got total. After 1 hour and 20 min I call to see where my delivery order was...they said they don't have an order...so i reorder w the manager Robert Harrison, who offered no consolation, and drove to the location. After all that, I waited another 20 minutes in the store to get my pizza. I'll be ordering pizza from somewhere else for now on.
1 It's no doubt your ratings are so low.  I was picking my husband up from work (in a gated residential community) Thursday night 6/13 when a silver jeep commando (with the Pizza Hut hat on its roof displaying the telephone number of (702) 253-9011) sped by me.  As we were driving out of the gates, the same silver jeep commando was riding our butt and then started beeping his horn at us WHILE WE WERE WAITING FOR THE GATE TO OPEN!  I then called the 253-9011 number, was given the run around by the telephone answerer, I asked for a supervisor who advised their store does not deliver to 7885 W. Flamingo, he offered the telephone number of the store that would deliver to that address.  I dialed the number and got a recording that said they were closed.  I then called several other pizza hut stores asking if they delivered to 7885 W Flamingo, they all pointed me to the store I originally called.  I hope this review gets to a person with integrity & authority so action might be taken to avoid unsafe, impatient drivers possibly taking a life.
5 Delicious Pizza, great friendly management and crew.  We are so happy with our experience .....  absolutely GREAT PIZZA and the management and staff were a joy.  Best pizza we've had in a long time  we'll be return repeat customers that's for sure!   The manager Robert was great and hospitality was out of this world friendly.    Thank you Robert and Crew we WILL be back  :)
1 I ordered pizza for pickup, once I arrived home I realized there was hair in my food. I simply called back to this location and asked for a remake and for them to deliver it to me. I didn't think this was to much to ask considering it wasn't my fault. I was told that's wasn't an option (all while being super rude) and when I asked to speak with the manager was told there wasn't one even tho when I picked up my pizza I clearly saw a man with a solid red polo shirt on which was different from the rest. They need to work on customer service.
1 Ok so I know that pizza hut doeant have the best pizza in the world but it should at least be hot right??? This is now the second time that we have ordered a pizza from this location and nos is the second time that I received a severely cold pizza when it arrived at my door and we only live ten min away at most from the stores location. The first time this happened we called and got a credit and figured everything would be ok the next time. Well we were wrong again today it happened and when we called to tell them the guy who answered the phone blamed it on the football game. (We ordered an hour before the game because of that reason) then he said I could have another credit or I could come pick it up. I shouldn't have to pick up a pizza it should be delivered hot and fresh. It wasn't hot or fresh it was cold and it was 20 minutes late. If you want to test your luck with this store good luck to ya.
1 I ordered food for pick up. They really skimp on cheese and toppings. They must be so cheap. The pizza tasted like cardboard. I am not sure how they stay in business. And the person giving kudos to management is probably his relative or something, horrible stay away
1 Order 2 large pizzas with an hour and a half in advance for our lunch break at work, and specified that we needed them by 11:30 a.m. due to us only taking half an hour lunch, pizzas did not arrive until a few minutes before noon, our lunch break was almost over not only did they arrive extremely late, but the pizzas were medium instead of large. The driver was in such a hurry when he arrived, horrible service.....
