5 Everyone knows Enterprise cause of there fancy little "We'll pick you up" campaign that has been running since the beginning of time.......I usually go with whoever is the cheapest.... however, next time I need to rent a car, I will be renting from this particular Enterprise..... all 4 employees that I came in contact with were friendly, knew their jobs and seemed to love the company...  The service was impressive for a rental car store....  they didnt hassle me on things I didnt want and really went above and beyond....   I feel 100% comfy with sending all yall yelpy yelpers on over there......
5 Ive rented here on many occasions due to it being near where I live. The service is awesome but they do get packed during the holidays. Ive rented a Cadillac and the same Impala 2x here; the cool thing was that the Impala was from the Vegas store and they told me I could just drop it off to them or any other Enterprise store without me driving all the way back to Sahara. - - Pretty cool. I think they do that anywhere as long as its their branch of stores. Ive gotten pretty good deals and discounts b/c I am a returning customer, they do charge more if not 25yrs or older but thats an insurance thing. (dont blame them) I like the services here and havent had anything happened to me and would like to keep it that way.
1 I've rented cars here at this location at least a dozen times and been disappointed every time. Service is mediocre at best, car selection sucks and they are often rented with the gas level on empty. The typical wait time is anywhere from 20 - 30 minutes from the time you arrive regardless of what time your reservation was made for. Honestly, I'm going to a different car rental company in the area after so many attempts at giving Enterprise a shot and them failing at every given oppportunity.
1 I reserved a car online for my uncle March 12th since it was $150 cheaper then doing it over the phone.  My uncle went in to pick it up the next day and informed them that he has liability insurance and he didn't want the damage waiver. Christal told him that it was NEVADA STATE LAW to either have the damage waiver or their own insurance.  She said they can call their insurance company to add collision insurance and cancel it after they return the car or get the damage waiver.  Because he thought it was the LAW he got the damage waiver.  I looked on their website which it states that damage waiver is completely OPTIONAL, so I called Christal and she told me it was a gray area and in Nevada it was STATE LAW.  She then said they could have gotten the car without the damage waiver but the manager would require a deposit for the full amount of the vehicle! I asked if all the Enterprises were like that and she said yes.  I called another Enterprise and they said damage waiver is OPTIONAL and there is NO DEPOSIT needed even if you only have liability insurance.  I called back and spoke with the manage Daniel who told me that Christal was just saying liability insurance is Nevada State Law, if that was the case then why would he need to call his insurance company??? Daniel then told me a fake story of a customer that wrecked a car and didn't have insurance so he had to pay $5000 out of pocket! Really?!? Enterprise, the largest car rental company in America doesn't have secondary insurance on their fleet of vehicles? That is the risk of rental car business, so I am sure their cars are insured! Daniel then tells me we can come back and get our money back since my uncle has a major credit card and that usually has insurance for rental cars.  Sure enough we call Mastercard and it IS covered.  So we drove all the way back and got our damage waiver back and of course Christal was not there.  LYING to get damage waiver tacked on to a bill? Is that great customer service?!?
1 Made a reservation for a regular car which according to the website is a Ford Fusion. When I arrived the next day to get the car i was told that even tho i had a reservation for that they did not have any and I would have to choose something else. Crap selection and ended up spending 10 more dollars a day on the rental that I had expected...Got a Nissan altima. Looked OK but it was a turd to drive. ZERO acceleration and it almost got me killed pulling out more than once. Burnt thru 1/2 a tank of gas driving it around Vegas for a few days. Put 170 miles on it and burnt 8 gallons of gas. No different than my IS350 at home which would suck the mirrors off this car.  Now is when the real fun began.  Stopped on the way back to get some and put 32.00 in it to fill it back up. When i left the gas station I either left my wallet at the pump or i was pick pocketed by a guy that walked by me at the pump. Lost my ID and all my cash and credit cards. I didn't know it yet tho. Took the car back and was starting to figure it out as I was trying to get my stuff together for my flight. Freaked out as It was 5pm and I had a 6:30 flight.  This is when the manager told my she had already checked the car back in and she couldn't let me take it back out unless I had a CC and ID on me...NO FLEXIBILITY to take care of the customer at All...  I finally got them to take me back to the gas station by one of the other employees there. ..Still couldn't find the wallet. So here I am in Vegas with no ID..No cash..No credit cards and a cell phone with a dying battery. They basically told me without saying it for me to go screw myself. As I waled away thinking I was going to have to hitchhike back to San Jose I went over to the delta lady who assured me that I could get past security without a ID as long as I had something with my picture and name on it like a work ID. She re-booked me for the next morning and didn't charge me a penny.. I ended up being able find a friend to stay with that night. and the next morning was on a 6:30 flight home. Enterprise could learn a thing or two from delta..When your a company who's life and death depends on loyalty then you dont tell them no...sorry we cant help you. I used to rent enterprise 2-3 times a month to go snowboarding but it will be a cold day in hell before they get any more of my money.
5 Got a premium car for a great price. The choice of cars included a convertible Camero. I took the Buick Lucene, as we were here on business. They didn't hassle me about taking their insurance (which has happened every other time here).  Didn't have to wait long.  The was some mix up when I returned it, so they only charged me for one day.
1 I came here to rent a car after I got rear-ended.. The car itself was in pretty good condition 20,000 miles.. Blue Chevrolet Impala.,.   The one star is for the service.. The guy who was at the counter seemed like he didn't want to be there.. So I just got my car & left. 30 minutes later I received a call from that same guy who was working the counter asking me if there was a garage opener in the rental.. There was so I offered to bring it back. He says, "No, we are about to close.. Can I just give your number to the person who rented the car before you and can you meet them up somewhere and give it to them...?" WTFFFFFFFFF is that not weird as hell?!!! Who asks their customer to do that?! SO UNPROFESSIONAL !!! He's lucky I'm nice & so that was my good deed of the day...   Maybe next time they should clean the car properly and make sure nothing is left in the car before renting it out to someone else? And not put their customers in awkward situations.
1 Came her to pay more down on a rental made through another location and the person helping us was such an asshole! Made it take an hour when it should have took five minuets. Don't go to this location!!!!
3 Needed a car early in the morning. Was extremely happy that yelp said enterprise opened at 7:30. Got to the location and they didn't open till 8. Not a big deal just a little disappointed in yelp.
