4 Not a bad alternative for a somewhat healthy lunch.  Get the ultimate chicken grill combo: with a side salad or chili and light lemonade for under $6.00!  Place is clean and employees are friendly.  The line here to order can get very, very long when they're busy at lunch time.
1 Extremely rude woman works the drive thru.  She was so rude to me the car behind me said "Oh, GD No!" and left.  Someone decent took over for her and handled the rest of my order, but I will not be returning.  The orders are usually wrong and having to deal with a rude staff member is just too much.  There are multiple food eateries on this road, I would recommend to my friends to choose any of these other well known chains over this location.  There is a reason there is no line here and an empty parking lot....
1 This takes the cake, or more like 2nd worst experience at a fast food place.  Stopped for a late night TOM run, if your a woman you'll know what I mean. If not, your SOL. Anyway, there was a line which didn't surprise me considering it was 20 minutes til closing,  Asked to order the chicken wrap, sorry all out of wraps. Okay, how about chicken sandwich? Sorry all out of that. Um, okay what do you have? Burgers, fries, nuggets. Ordered two bacon cheeseburger, waited and by the time I got home noticed they messed up and they were regular hamburgers with tomatoes and lettuce. First I'm allergic to tomatoes, second wtf.. No bacon?! Ugh   Was so upset I got back in my car and drove to Taco Bell. Hey, a girl has needs.
1 First off I love Wendy's and it kills me to have to review this store in such a negative light.   It was apparent upon standing in line behind two people that the cashier was new and or just a little uncomfortable working the register by herself and need much more training before being left alone.   It took over 15 minutes to process two orders, one of which was a single senior citizen who only wanted a single with cheese and a cup of coffee.  I on the other hand ordered $35 worth of value meals, a salad and a Bacon Cheddar baked potato. The value meals were OK but they gave me the wrong type of potato and a wrong type of salad. I did check that we had the right quantity but didn't check foe the small details so part of it is my fault but not all of it.  With all those value meals one of the managers there (she was wearing a red shirt in comparison to the regular grunts) asked if I wanted a drink carrier? How the heck was she expecting one guy to carry all that food and drinks by himself?   When my Fiancée called to complain a male answered the phone saying he was the manager. When I was there a middle aged lady in a white shirt was walking around and even came out to give the senior citizen his discount. Don't know why the phone wasn't handed to the real manager but I'm sure he is going to tell his manager one of his co workers screwed up a large order. Yeah right he will tell her about as sure as we will be back, IE never!
2 Decided to give this place a whirl again and the service was horrible and disorganized for lunch. Employees spilling drinks all over the counter, employees moving the food pick up all over the place. Mass confusion and disarray.   I feel lucky I got my order right and food right.   Got the Ultimate Chicken Grill with a small chili.  Maybe they were having a bad day. But I won't be back here for a while.
1 Horrible customer service and they gave me the wrong order in the drive thru. They took a while and the employees were confused on what order was mine. I didnt check the bag and I got a chicken sandwich not a cheeseburger. I am never going to Wendys again in my life. I am on a healthy diet and decided to eat bad for one day and I got the wrong food. I am very pissed about this and not ever going to a fast food restaurant. Figures, should of stayed with my diet hahah NO cheat day for me.
1 Night crew here is RUDE! I'll stick to the drive thru. Girl at the counter was unfriendly.  So was the rest of the staff.
3 I'm not sure why this Wendy's has such a poor rating; my experience here was fine. Maybe I lucked out and came at just the right time or maybe there's been a turnover in staff since the last reviews. I went through the drive-thru and everyone I came in contact with was friendly and my order was correct. Really, for a fast food joint, that's the most you can hope for. I'm satisfied with my experience here. Hopefully it's not just a one-time lucky trip.
2 A couple coworkers and I frequent this Wendy's when we are looking for a cheaper, faster lunch. Honestly we've never had a bad experience here. Yah, of course foods not going to be consistent, but it's fast food. What do you really expect? It's also cleaner than a lot of joints I've been to. The food always comes out pretty quick.   I get the usual, which is the spicy chicken sandwich. Sometimes I go with the fries, sometimes a baked potato. Definitely hit and miss.
