1 I understand that most people only write bad reviews for auto repair shops, but I think I've been fair in my reviews with other auto repair places. I decided to come here, because my boyfriend has brought his car here multiple times. The first two times everything was fine and dandy and the third time (when I brought his car in for an oil change) they screwed it up. They left the oil cap on top of his engine and in return that left a dent on his hood and a mess under the hood. They paid for his body repair and cleaned his engine, but it didn't pay for the extra hassle we had to deal with, with him not having a car for a week. I decided to give them one more try. I brought my car in and they said that they had to change out the instrument cluster. I did my research and found out that the price they were charging was reasonable. They promised me the car the next afternoon. I called the next day and they said they would have it done by 4, but George (store manager) would call me back in 10 minutes. He never called and after I picked up my boyfriend from work, he decided we should drop by. We stayed till 6 and whatever machine they had could not program it. They promised me I would have it the next day....I told them I needed it by noon. The next day, they didn't call me, my boyfriend had to call them at 11 and they said it was ready. I was excited to finally get my car back. I noticed that my keyless entry remote didn't work. I figured that the remote battery died. I went out to buy a new battery, it still didn't work. I went home and tried the spare remote....still didn't work. Needless to say, I had to go back there and inform them of the problem since my keyless remotes didn't work due to them "fixing my car."They told me I needed to make an appointment and that it would take 1.5 hours. I took it in the morning and it took them about 3 hours. I wouldn't have been so upset, but as I was talking to George on the second day, he answered the phone as I was talking to him....with not even an excuse me, can you please hold. I was pretty livid after that and I will be sending in the comment card to their corporate office.  I know that some auto repair shops don't have the best customer service, but there was no customer service here at all...what a disappointment. I will not be returning here for any kind of service.
1 I am so sorry to have to write a bad review but it is better to warn you all. On a Monday my father took his car in for a radiator.  $490 later it is in. When we took it home the heater didn't work, neither did the gage.  So I took it back.  I had the shop write up what had happened.  They gave me a blank page to sign. I said you need a description.  They handed me the first page which gave me an estimate for a thermastat (which I paid them $121 for 3days prior) and told me to come back in 2 hours.  I explained I live 6 hours from the shop. So they they re wrote the estimate and brought the car to the back for 2 minutes and brought it back to me and told me I didn't know how to turn the heat on.  A miracle happened and the gage worked and the heat worked. In conclusion I think they unplugged something and scammed me to come back to sell me something I already purchased.  If they were honorable my uncle who lives just a few blocks from the shop would have recommended them. And, this would have been a positive review.
5 I love Sun Auto! I've been here twice for oil changes, transmission fluid change, and to repair my brakes and rotors and they have been so nice with their customer service and quality! I trust them and recommend them! They are reasonably priced and I love that the oil change comes with tire rotation! LOVE this place!
4 They repaired my brakes well, and were 100% honest and thorough with their explanation of what was wrong with my brakes (after Purrfect tried to rip me off). But the desk clerk said it'd take an hour and it ended up about 3.  Would definitely go back on a slower day :-)
5 Super awesome sevice, these guys took me in on a late afternood fixed my can in the same day and everyone was nice from the manager to the mechanic!!!
1 I used to only trust my car repairs to sun auto until they scammed me this week. My transmission was not functioning properly and I had a friend check the codes. Turns out I needed a new transmission. I called sun auto for a quote to have it replaced and they talked me into getting my transmission inspected instead of quoting me on a replacement. They charged me $475 just to look at it & explained that the transmission just needed repair and that I was looking at no more than $1200 total. The next day they call and tell me the repairs would actually be $4155 and that if I wasn't going to have them do the repair, I would get my transmission back in a box!!! I was so angry! I decided to call around and get other pricing and found the average quote was only $1200 for the repair and $200 for the initial inspection. So I called a tow truck to get my car and have it taken somewhere else, only to find out they towed my car to another location without even telling me! After finally getting my car picked up by a not so happy tow truck driver and being screwed out of $475 I have decided I will NEVER use or recommend sun auto again. I have never heard of paying a shop to give your car back in worse condition than you sent it to them in. How outrageous!!!
1 We have brought our vehicle to this location just a few times.  A simple oil change did go well despite the long wait. They quote you a time of 45 min-1hr and you end up being there for 2hours atleast even with an appointment.  If you have a repair done here dont bother trying to follow up for the same issue. We had to replace our alternator recently and ever since we have experienced very poor customer service from the front desk. They give you the run-around about your repair questions or concerns.They are rude to say the least.  The staff seems to never hear any of the noises under the hood that the we, the carowner,  hear. You ask to go on the test drive with the employee and they deny you the opportunity. Or they say the mechanic is at lunch right now. It seem they take lunch break all day. Overall i will not bring either of my two cars to this shop again nor will i refer to any of my friends.
1 AVOID THESE RIP OFF ARTISTS AT ALL COSTS!!!!   They wanted to charge me $988 for a catalytic converter for a 2001 Toyota Carolla..nearly $1,700 with the installation!  Thank God I found Autobahn Excellence.  I was charged $350 for the converter...a little over $500 total!  I hear their ads on the radio, and I cringe!  I know their claims of good and honest repair are false.  I should have listened to my neighbor.  He had sun repair his VW Passat for more than $1200.  He took it back because it was still leaking coolant.  They made him wait for hours while other cars were being repaired.  When he called them on it, the manager said he wanted to have the same guy the did the repair look at the car again.  They were waiting for him to start work that day.  He reported them but they weaseled their way out of it...which is what they do best....YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!
5 I had a super-positive experience with Sun Auto. I went to my regular mechanic to get my oil changed Saturday morning and was told I needed new brake pads and new rotors. They quoted me $550 + tax to do the work. I called a few places for quotes and stumbled upon Sun (I actually thought I walked into Just Brakes which is next door). Mark was very nice and very honest. They inspected my car and quoted me $200 less than my mechanic whom I've been loyal to for 5 years.  Sun also saw my front tire had split away from the steel - my usual mechanic didn't even tell me that which bothers me more than the price difference due to the possible danger. Sun doesn't even sell tires so i knew they weren't trying to up sell me.  Sun charged me exactly what they quoted me and even gave me a gift card for a free oil change. I'd say I've found my new mechanic.
1 Stay away!!  I was told that my car needed a new transmission, for the value price of $3300.  They even followed up, calling me two or three times to schedule the appointment to get this service done before my car explodes.  I drove my car to work in Arizona, bad transmission and all, and had a local repair shop look at it: $250 later, new axle, car runs like a champion.  Obviously these guys know more about cars than I do, however, because I never knew you had to take tires off of a vehicle for a standard oil change.  Learn something new everyday... (sarcasm).  Go next door to Just Brakes!
1 If your looking to give money away, this is the place for you.  I came in to get a price on replacing my shocks for my 2006 Yukon.  The guy gave an academy performance, brought me into the garage, "put your finger here, you can feel the disconnect" and "see this connection, it means you have electronic, self leveling shocks and that is high performance" and continued to point at the engine with his flashlight.  We went to the cash register and he pulled up the parts, labor, etc and quoted me a rate of $2,300.  I told him that the dealership quoted me $1,200.  He got on the phone, talked to another guy.....meanwhile I was checking Yelp to see his reviews and it is full of rip-off stories that had my wife and I cracking up.  After his call the quote magically came down to what the dealer offered, roughly 1/2 their original price.  What a joke, thank you friends of Yelp!!  We happily went back to Desert Buick GMC where thy took great and honest care of us, not a penny over their quote.
5 I'm from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and was on our way to Palm Springs, California, after spending a few days in Las Vegas.  After a long two-days of driving, when we arrived in Las Vegas, I became concerned about some noise coming from the front end of my 2007 Infiniti, when I made long sweeping curved turns to the left or the right.  We were staying on The Strip and that morning, I used the Yellow Pages to pick a place to take my vehicle.  Fortunately, I picked Sun Auto Service on Tropicana Avenue.  After speaking with Sean on the phone, he asked me to bring it in that morning.  When I arrived, Sean was very pleasant and indicated they would find out what the problem was.  After a test drive, it was determined that the front wheel bearings, which are a sealed unit, were the problem and it was explained that salt and dirt eventually get inside the bearings and they become rusted and don't rotate as easy and free, as they should.  The bill to replace them was $700 and I mentioned that I had an extended warranty on my vehicle and wondered whether the repair may, in fact, be covered under my Canadian warranty plan.  Sean immediately took it upon himself to check it out, saying, if it's covered, so much the better!  He was extremely helpful, professional, and persistent to determine whether the repair was covered by my extended warranty plan.  He, and the manager of that Sun location, made several phone calls back and forth to get the answer.  At one point, my warranty plan thought that Infiniti, itself, may be liable under my original power-train warranty which might still have been in effect.  Anyway, in the end, after a lot of effort on behalf of  Sean and others at the service centre, it was determined that the repair was covered under my extended warranty plan and that I would only have to pay $100, the amount of my deductible.    I'm grateful to Sean and his co-workers for spending the additional time to resolve this warranty issue and for doing the repair that day.  Upon returning to the centre to pick up my vehicle after it was repaired, Sean showed me the two old bearings, which would hardly turn by hand.    In the morning, I also observed that the staff was extremely pleasant and fair to other customers, including an elderly women who had brought in her vehicle to have the brakes checked.  She was sent home, at no charge, and told that her brakes were fine.  I feel I was lucky (in Las Vegas) to have come upon Sean and Sun Auto Service--I would highly recommend them anytime.  Thanks so much for helping out a vacationing Canadian!
5 I stopped in while in town from the San Diego area, because my car was idling too high and the 'check engine' light had come on, and I didn't want to stress over it on the 350 mile ride back. The guy at the counter (sorry, I don't remember his name) came out, diagnosed it, fixed it, and didn't charge me a penny! Talk about 'above and beyond' in your workplace! Wish we had these guys in MY town!! Thank you ever so much!!
1 I had my VW serviced here because it was close to my house and was having a check engine light diagnosed. Day 1 I was told a vacuum leak. Day 2 it was now a computer problem in the obd II. Day 5 I called and now it was the mass air flow. I shelled out the $900 and to it home. 50 miles later the check engine light is on again. 2 days later now it is a vacuum leak again. I wonder why it was fixed the first time. Another 400$ later and I got my car back. 125 miles later the light pops on again. I had enough. I end up taking it to the dealer only to find out they used a wrong PCV and MAF was tuned wrong. Stay away from this place. Your better off going on the Internet and try to fix the problems yourself, you can't do any worse than them.
1 WOMEN, BEWARE - THEY WILL TAKE ADVANTAGE OF YOU FOR THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS OF UNNECESSARY REPAIR WORK!! Took my car in for an oil change last week. Was quickly done and quite cheap. However, I was told to come look at my car before they were done. They had both front wheels off and were showing me leaks on underside of engine block. Said I needed a new water pump with radiator hoses $855 which needed to be done immediately so my car didn't overheat a blow a head gasket, even though it is October and no longer hot in Vegas. Hmm. They also gave me a list with a bunch of other items to "fix", which added up to over $2500 of work. Now, my car does have over 90,000  miles on it, but I was skeptical so left saying "I need to talk to my husband".  My husband took it to another mechanic two days later. Fixed the water pump for 1/2 the price, said the radiator hoses were just fine and basically negated EVERY OTHER item on their "list" of problems that needed to be fixed.  I will NEVER go back there and must warn women to stay away from them as they obviously think we are stupid and could be taken advantage of. Never checked the other reviews of Sun Auto before, but after reading several that tell the same story I guess I am not the only person who feels this way. Shame on you Sun Auto, not cool.
5 Great service once again. Shawn, Rick and Mark all do a wonderful job with the customer.  I have been in the customer service business for over 40 years and this is as good as it gets. Today, I came in the shop with an odd smell from the back side of  my car. Shawn stopped what he was doing and he personally lifted the car and identified a plastic bag caught on my exhaust, then scraped it off. I was out of there in 5 minutes. This is exactly why I refer all my family and friends to Sun Auto for their world class service, auto repairs and oil changes. Well done guys. Ron
1 Long story short. These guys almost got me good. Ended up going to the original dealer's service to get the "necessary" work done. Sun Auto's diagnosis was incorrect. Saved me $1500!!!!!!!  Either the mechanics at this place don't know what they're doing, or they are crooks!! Be very cautious when coming here, and ALWAYS shop around before letting them make repairs. Take it from a guy who was almost a victim.
5 We are from out of town and noticed the car pulling to the right on the freeway on the way to Vegas. We came here thinking it was a problem with the alignment. They checked the alignment and it was fine, so they didn't charge us. They also rotated the tires for us which fixed the problem. They fixed the problem and didn't charge us a thing. They were nice, honest and helpful.
5 I have been going to these guys for awhile.WAAYY better than tire works and purfect auto. honest and fair these guys are.!!
5 I was referred here by Matt from Discount Tire and I am absolutely thankful that he did because the quality service and honest feedback from Rick was outstanding! Knowing that this place has competent mechanics and supreme customer service will definitely secure regular visits for any of my vehicles in the future. Thank you Rick, and thank you Matt (Discount Tire West Flamingo)
5 I have had a lot of work done at Sun Auto. I am a Realtor driving a car I love with 212,000 miles on it. Sun Auto has done some major work at 100,000 mile checkups - everything from timing belt replacement to control arms, bushings, tie rods, ignition lock assembly and fan motor replacement. All work has been done properly the first time - I've never gone back for an adjustment. The cost is reasonable and the repairs are completed on time.
