3 We were here for a pre fixe wedding reception, so had no choice what to order (makes sense for a large party).   For appetizers: The Chicken Lettuce Wraps were very good, especially with some of the hot chili paste mixed into soy sauce as a dipping sauce. The Dumplings (with pork) were tasty, but a little greasy.   For entrees: No one seemed to care for the veggie dish (Buddha's Feast?) with tofu, broccoli, green beans and mushrooms. The sauce was a little thick and a little too sweet. The Beef with Broccoli was my favorite. The orange chicken was good - crispy with an oniony background. (I'm not sure if this was the "kids favorite" Crispy Honey Chicken or the Orange Chicken, since the menu says they peel oranges for this dish, and I didn't see any orange peel, but there was definitely an orange flavor.) The shrimp served on top of crispy rice noodles (Crispy Honey Shrimp, I believe) was good, but the outsides of the shrimp had a slightly strange texture. The lo mein (served meatless) was decent, the rice was perfectly cooked.  Service was very good, something that's not easy with a party of 30.
3 It's my second time ever dining at P.F. Chang's, and I must say I've been pretty resistant in the past.  We had a gift card that we had to use up, so we figure we're in the Summerlin area and we may as well grab lunch.  There was easily no wait on a weekend afternoon, although we were told all the outside tables were taken.  They had about 9 offerings of lunch bowls that are served daily until 4 pm that include your entree being served on a bed of rice, and a cup of either Egg Drop or Hot & Sour soup.  They bring to your table a bunch of dipping sauces, about six of them that include soy sauce, hot chili sauce, vinegar, hot yellow mustard, hot chili oil, and one other thing.  My choice:  * Egg Drop Soup "A classic starter" - It was piping hot when it arrived and with a bit of heat added to it, it wasn't too bad.  I was starving and drank it all up.  It was a bit darker than what I expected it to be though.  * Buddha's Feast "Veggies with five-spice tofu served steamed or stir-fried" - I liked the fact that you can have brown or white rice, which is a nice perk you don't typically find at Chinese restaurants, but then again, this isn't your typical Chinese restaurant.  It's a generous portion for one, and I like their choice of veggies.  It had broccoli, asparagus, snap peas, mushrooms, carrots, and tofu all in my dish.  So, it's definitely a hearty dose of the good green veggies.  I definitely needed to add some heat to my dish and eventually added enough chili oil that my rice was swimming in it.  The Husband had:  * Hot & Soup "Either by the cup or bowl, this will warm your soul" - I guess it was okay, and he did drink it up.  I don't ever order this, so I'm not sure what it's supposed to taste like.  * Sesame Chicken "Back by popular demand...love the ginger, chili paste and garlic" - He asked the waiter if they could make it extra spicy, which he said of course too.  Except that when the order arrived, the Husband said it tasted like they didn't put any hot spices in there.  He wasn't particularly fond of the sauce of the dish, but beyond the chicken was onions, broccoli, and bell peppers with black sesame seeds tossed in there.  They were offering 'mini' desserts that arrived in shot classes, which was a sampling for about $2/each.  We went for two kinds:  * S'mores - The Husband thought this was too sweet for him, and it really was crushed graham crackers, a very sweet marshmallow creme, and chocolate sauce.  * Strawberry Cheesecake - The Husband enjoyed this more, and all it really consisted of was crushed graham crackers, strawberry preserves, and white cream.    (They reminded me of something you could easily do at home, but I guess it satisfies your sweet tooth with having to purchase one of their bigger desserts.)  Overall, the food was decent, and the portions were pretty generous for the price.  It'd be different to go for dinner and do family style though.  We noticed mostly everyone had to go boxes with them, although I found it weird how the staff would hold the to go box against their stomach and shovel the food into it.  (Sure, it works, but it looks not so nice.)  Side note: They offer a chef's table that allows you to eat inside the kitchen as you can watch them cook.  Pretty cool!
3 Americanized Chinese food. It is predictable and consistent but not enough flavor for me. It is like an upscale panda express. Not bad but not excellent either. If you want a safe bet then this place is for you.
3 For a chain restaurant I don't think this place is bad. It's not the best Chinese food around but it hits the spot when you're looking for an inexpensive dinner. Right now they're offering a prix-fixe menu for two for $39.95. Yup, dinner for two for forty bucks, not forty bucks each. The meal comes w/ two orders of soup (we both got the egg drop soup -- wasn't bad), one appetizer (pork potstickers -- tasty), two entrees (cashew chicken -- pretty good; mongolian beef -- crispy and flavorful), and two desserts (carrot cake -- it was ok; chocolate cake -- best thing all night). The desserts are mini desserts (served in shot glasses) not their regular sized ones. All in all, not bad for the price. The service was pretty good also.
4 This changs is more quite then the one on the strip if you want fun and excitment then go to the one one the strip, the service was good here and it is prolly the best chain resturant in the world!
3 This is the first time I've dined at PF Changs. Everyone told me before that this is not authentic Chinese food and it's over priced. All the rumors are true. I wouldn't dine here again. Overall the atmosphere was fine and service was friendly. Not my cup of tea.
3 This PF Chang's is located in Summerlin, right across the street from Boca Park. It's in a booshie part of town, so yes, you will get the Bentley's, Mercedes, blah, blah here.   What I really like is their outside seating area. When it's winter time, they have heaters and clear covers in the patio area so that there's less cold air coming into the seating area. There was a large group of high school kids getting ready for homing coming that sitting across from us, a group of about 20, so if you're the type that likes to dine with a gigantic group, they have the capability to accommodate you, I'm sure they need notice for a group that large though.   I liked their food, it's basically over priced Chinese food with modernized, Chinese looking decor in the restaurant. Honestly, I'd rather go to some place in China Town. The only reason why we end up going to any PF Chang's is because we have a gift card. But, it does the job.   The service is great, very attentive... But I expect that, considering the location of this restaurant. :)
5 We visit this Chang's every time we come to Vegas and have always had great food and great service.  When the wait is long, we have also been able to sit at the bar and get full menu service.  The shrimp in lobster sauce is awesome and the chicken lettuce wraps are great.  I don't eat spicy food but my husband got the kung pao scallops this past time and even my wimpy self could handle them and they were great.  Also, the oo-long tea (spelling?) is a good hot tea that doesn't even seem to need to be sweetened.  The servers are very knowledgeable about their menu and always attentive.  Kids get crayons and Wiki Stix to keep them busy.  Apparently the large wall mural above the bar is different at every location, ask your server about the one here...you'll never guess what it represents.....
4 right now i am all about the happy hour menu which runs from 3pm - 6pm. the happy hour list has a generous selection of their more popular dishes for a more affordable price of $3 - $6. the portions are pretty decent and you can fill up on about 4 or 5 dishes between 2 people.   whenever i go the service is always on point, i love the atmosphere, although it can get loud at times, and the food is always so tasty.   thank you pf happy hour!
5 I love this place, the atmosphere, food, drinks are all AMAZING! if you love chinese food AKA oriental food then you need to come check this place out because its awesome. The price is very reasonable and i highly recommend the Mongolian beef (or is you don't eat beef and eat chicken get mongo chicken its pretty much amazing) Crispy green beans, and dynamite shrimp to everyone who goes there. A+ Restaurant!!!!!!!
1 Terrible service! The waitress was extremely slow even slower after we mentioned we were catching a movie.  We had to practically jump up and down waving our arms to call her over.  It honestly looked as if she would serve other tables and avoid eye contact at our table and pretend we weren't calling her just so she could go to the kitchen.   As for the food most everything tasted pretty salty especially the double pan-fried noodles...YUCK!  BUT, if you're into ALL that SALT  I guess go.  P.s.  We were harassed by a homeless person from the parking lot all the way to the front door walkway.
3 Over glorified Panda Express.  Nothing great, nothing lacking. I've had better other places.  Good if you enjoy chinese food but have a phobia of chinese people.
2 I gotta say, I have been a fan of PF Changs for some time as a go to option for "higher end" Asian food. I was let down this time though . Granted we stopped in during several of the largest trade shows in Las Vegas, so the restaurant was PACKED, but it just didn't seem like anyone was on their game. My friend and I (no, it's not what you think!) stopped in to get looking for some decent, non casino food and we left really wanting. This is one of the "smaller" locations it seemed in both parking lot and restaurant size, so that probably magnified the difficulties they had. Our experience started off when we pulled in to the parking lot and were greeted by the valet telling us the only option, other than across the street was to valet our "big ole truck". This wasn't a big deal as we didn't want to walk anyways. However, we were a bit irked when the valet told us we needed to get out car, or at least the key within the next hour and a half as they would be closing at 10ish, valet included. I almost voiced an opposition to continuing in as I did not want to be rushed in what already seemed like a packed restaurant...This is VEGAS for crying out loud! No worries. We did get seated pretty fast as there was only two of us. The waiter definitely got this place an additional star as he was attentive and informative. He got out orders in and going in great order and stopped by several times to refill us on drinks. We ordered a few standbys, Kung Pow chicken and Crispy beef. What a let down! The chicken appeared to be sautéed chicken and peanuts with a little sauce, and my beef was too chewy for my liking. Both made us think that perhaps we had gotten the PF Changs frozen entrée's they now sell in the supermarkets? The highlight for me was the house ginger beer. I must have had three of these damn things. I enjoy a good, unique beer and this was killer! This was a light tasting heff type unfiltered beer with a fantastic sweet/spicy aftertaste of genuine ginger. I might hit up the local PF Change to see if they have this on it's own. I guess we went in hoping for average to above average and left feeling we got below average from a restaurant chain that makes it's reputation on being above average. I'll give them a second chance, but in a town with almost as many eating options as ways to loose your money, why try again?
4 Long wait is worth it.
3 It's PF Changs. Not superb, but consistently good. I did do an online order about a week ago for pick up and it tool over an hour to get. They promised a pick up time and promptly ignored it and made me wait an additional 30 min. Looks like they are to big or disorganized to address it.
4 Love it - great food & drinks, love the cozy classy decor.
3 OK, I don't want to hear that PF Chang's is not authentic Chinese.....everybody knows that.  The family enjoys coming here.  It's been a while for us, so we decided to have a family night out.  We ordered the Tofu Lettuce Wraps and Crispy Green Beans to get the night started.  Both were awesome as usual.  One thing about PFC is that they rarely screw up the appetizers.....I can always count on a solid appetizer.  Their entrees however are going downhill.  One of my favorite dishes is the Dali Chicken, which is their spiciest Chicken dish.  When it came out, it looked dry and tough.....and it was.  You can almost see how dry it is from the picture I took. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T3ASfec34b8-uYr3xZj8Lw?select=vefoPIx8FPxegrVmSyeWmg Damn.....why can't they keep up the consistent quality like they do with their appetizers?!  I also don't like how they only give you a small bowl of Rice.....I have to ask for a 2nd bowl as soon as it's delivered to the table, otherwise I won't get my 2nd bowl before I'm done with my entree.  Overall, it was a nice dinner with the fam.....everyone enjoyed their meal and although mine wasn't perfect, I wasn't going to let it ruin a nice night out.  Return Factor - 67%
4 Our waiter was amazing!  Very attentive, funny, great personality and great service.  The food was good too.  We got the 2 for $39.99.  Both got the egg drop soup, not the best I have ever had, in fact, I have made better but it was decent.  We got the tofu lettuce wraps as an appetizer, I love those!!  I love the sauce, the tofu isnt slimy or anything, great texture, nice fresh lettuce, wonderful!  Then for entree we got the crispy honey shrimp and the orange peel shrimp.  Both were fresh, amazing flavors and well cooked.  Served with steamed rice and the waiter insisted we get extra rice so we could take it home for leftovers, so nice!    Then he recommended the raspberry cheesecake with caramel on top and also the chocolate chip dessert.  Both were really good.  I like PF Changs even though it is a chain, good food and great service.  :-)
5 Love it!!! We had gone here for our 1 yr ann. and were VERY surpised... I had heard things like too expensive, to salty never eating again... but to our surprise it was BOMB-DIGITY!!! We had a VERY knowledgeable waitress who gave us a free dessert for our 1 yr and actually had them write in white chocolate happy anniversary over raspberry puree(which was decadent) I couldn't have asked for a better 1 yr anniversary :D
5 I have been to this location several times, but it has been almost a year since my last visit and I was craving lettuce wraps since they make the best I have ever had.  I always get the same thing when I go to PF Changs - Chicken Lettuce Wraps and the Double Pan Fried Beef Noodles.  However, they are now offering a Pre-Fix menu for 2 for $39.99 and my noodles were not on the menu.  I decided to be brave, and try something new.  Our waiter and I had already created a rapport over my indecision on my drink choice, so I when I asked him about my meal choice he told me to try the Mongolian beef instead while my boyfriend ordered the Spicy Chicken.  He said that I would never want my pan fried noodles again after the Mongolian Beef....so I took his word and tried something new.  He apparently told the cook to make mine extra crispy without asking my preference first - little did he know, I LOVE crispy grilled beef bits. I char my Korean BBQ because I love those burned edges so much (even though I order steaks med rare) so when a full plate of little sweet charred pieced of beef came to my table with a thick sauce I was in heaven.  Our waiter (Nicholas) even suggested next time how I order the Mongolian beef a bit spicier with asparagus to really fit in with my preferences and he was spot on about how I had told my boyfriend how I would like it a bit spicier next time and came with beans instead of  shallots.  It was like he read my mind!
3 The first thing I noticed was the spacing.  It was too cramped.  I felt like me and my date had the smallest table in the place.  There wasn't enough room for all the plates we had.  Also they had real lit candles on the table which made me nervous because of the lack of space.  My date seemed to get bumped by people as they walked by.  As for the food, I've had better.  It was good, but too pricey.  We got the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Kung Pao Scallops, and Mu Shu Chicken.  The service was great and I think it's a good place to go if you want more of a restaurant experience than regular Chinese take-out.
5 I give them a 5 star review based on the pan fried dumplings alone.  I can eat them by the pound.  The Mongolian beef and sea bass are fantastic as well.  Great restaurant...
4 Great place to eat, a tad bit pricey but great food and always a good svc..didn't have to wait at all on a Sunday afternoon
4 So it's Las Vegas Chain restaurant dining for me. A four star for a chain is like getting 20 stars for a Mom and Pop place. I know it's embarrassing for an Asian guy like me to enjoy dining at P.F Chang. Paul Fleming Chang that is! That's as authentic as it gets.   There's really nothing you can complain about, the service here is top notch. Food comes out like a well orchestrated symphony. There's only 2 things I order here and highly recommend. Ma Po Tofu and Kung Pao Shrimp. Both highly addictive items! I'm not sure if it's the saltiness, or the crunchiness or the combination of both.  The Tofu comes with crispy steamed broccoli to make you feel better about yourself for the meal.
4 A fun place to have even if it's a chain restaurant! The decor is inviting and nice, the servers are always helpful with the menu. The happy hour is killer. PBR's for $2.00, sake $3.00  The lettuce wraps and the tempura green beans are great. If we want a close to home fun spot. PF Chang's is always on the list
3 Good value compared to many asian places.
4 Made in USA This is obviously not an authentic Chinese restaurant. I realized that, way before I looked at the menu. No Chinese people around. The only Chinese I saw were statues decorating the place. And the menus are as easy to read as panda express menus.   We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps,( fresh and crispy) the Chang's chicken ( sweet & sour) and the shrimp with lobster sauce. ( my favorite) Food was delicious. I really liked everything we tried, although it was a little too salty or to MSG-ish?  Service was great! (Another sign this is not an authentic Chinese restaurant.) we had 3 servers! One got us drinks, one took our order, one delivered the food. Wow, I hope they share tips.  The overall experience was good enough to come back and to recommend this place to friends. This may not be an authentic Chinese restaurant, but is definitely an authentic P.F. Chang!
4 Usually my husband and I like to have date night here. Last night my daughter and mom came with us.  I always have a grey goose cosmo, yummy. We had the ahi appetizer, lettuce wraps and hot-n-sour soup (my husbands favorite).  Everything came timely and perfect.  Entrees were szechuan shrimp,Chinese BBQ spareribs (my favorite), sweet-n-sour chicken and almond chicken.  We ordered too much again...  Oh well, lunch leftover tomorrow.  Our waiter was great, food great, atmosphere great.  Another happy experience at Pf Changs.  Forgot we had the combo fried rice too.
4 I usually run the other way when it comes to chain restaurants, but we've had a $50 gift card for P.F. Chang's that was given to us about six months ago and finally decided to bite the bullet.  I've been to the one on the Strip twice, but that was a long time ago, my only memory being grease, and more grease.  So I wasn't particularly looking forward to dinner tonight.  But 50 bucks is 50 bucks, so...  The economy must have gotten to PFC:  Saturday night and no wait for a table at 9:00 pm.  I settled on a glass of white zin (yeah, I know, Kool-Aid), and hubby ordered a Newcastle on draft.  I see-sawed between ordering a la carte, since the Spiced Lamb sounded interesting, and the 39.99 Four-Course dinner, until the waitress said that the Sesame Chicken on the dinner was really, really good.  So we went for it.  I was totally surprised.  The Hot & Sour Soup, while not overwhelmingly spicy, was delicious, not overly glutinous, and had a generous helping of both pork and tofu.    The lettuce wraps were very good, and we were offered a second helping of lettuce, since the first batch didn't make a dent in the large portion of chicken and crispy rice noodles.    By that time we were pretty full, so dinner tomorrow night will be our leftovers:  that excellent Sesame Chicken, and the Kung Pao Shrimp, which was terrific, but would have been even better if I ever could remember to have the kitchen NOT add any additional salt.  Even my husband enjoyed it, and he doesn't like shrimp!!  Best of all was the absence of the pools of grease that I remember from the Strip location.  There was even a lot less oil than we get at our usual New York Chinese Restaurant go-to, and the ambience is a lot nicer.  The Prix Fixe includes two desserts, and there are eight mini desserts to choose from, all served in shooter glasses.  I had the Lemon Tres Leche [sic], which didn't taste at all like the usual Tres Leches dessert, but was astoundingly good, so much so that the little shooter seemed much more dessert than I should be eating.  Hubby had the Apple Pie, and liked it a lot.  But mine was better!!  Our server, Nancy, was outstanding - everything a server should be:  friendly, helpful, patient, efficient, and accommodating.    All in all, we had a terrific meal in an attractive place, and would have enjoyed it just as much if we actually had to pay for it!
4 Last night we went to P.F. Chang for dinner.  The place looks very nice and we did not have to wait for a table.  We got the 39.99 Four-Course dinner which was very reasonable.  I had a Newcastle draft to start and my wife had a glass of white zin.  Then we had Hot & Sour soup and a lettuce wrap with chicken.  The soup was a small serving and not spicy,  the lettuce wrap was very good and a nice size portion.  Both the Seasame Chicken and Kung Pao Shrimp were good, but could have more spice.  The mini desserts served in shooter glasses were excellent.  I had the Apple Pie and my wife had Lemon Tres Leche, which I tasted.  We will be coming back and will try their Happy Hour next time.
5 Kim H. was our server. She did a great job. Her service was spectacular. It has been a long time since I have received this kind of great service from a restaurant server. Keep up the great work. The food was also excellent.
2 I was disappointed the very last time I went here. And it made my guts feel funny =[ not cool...thank goodness it was not a date.
2 I've been to this one and the one in Green Valley and I have to say that I'm just not that impressed.  I mean, the food is good and its certainly a nice enough place but I like the food at China-a-go-go better, and its a hell of a lot cheaper.    I guess this place is fine for high school graduations, Mothers Day, and dad's birthday, you know, when you want to go out for a "nice" dinner (but not an overly expensive one).    The staff was nice and took good care of us but I left here not caring either way if I ever returned.
2 Went on a Thursday night where there was a 35-minute wait.  Friends asked that we meet them there.  Service, as usual, was terribly slow--15 minutes to get our water and then another 10 minutes to get our drinks.  The food took forever to arrive, but was pretty tasty.  It was an over 2-hour generally poor experience.  I think I've finally learned my lesson and will never return.
4 I always enjoy dining here in the nice, upscale terra cotta Xian warrior atmosphere accompanied by piped in jazzy music.  When Diane and I arrived at the hostess stand at 10:25 p.m. on a Monday night, celebrating the coming of the Year of the Dragon, the hostess hopefully asked, "Do you want takeout?" and I thought "Nice try!" but responded firmly, "No, two for dinner."  We were the only diners present.  But she was a good sport about it, and escorted us to a nice comfortable booth.        As usual, Hot & Sour Soup with tofu and carrot slivers and a chili oil-like spicy edge was excellent.  I had two large cups, and have downed a whole bowl before, but it is really huge.  This night we took advantage of the $39.95 "Chang's for 2" special, which is a great deal, plus willingly incurred a $1.95 upcharge for Banana Spring Rolls as our dessert.  Portions are large here; you don't go home hungry.  We selected pan-fried Shrimp Dumplings as our appetizer, which were real tasty.  They were like little edible pillows, and I had fun dipping the glistening morsels in very good Potsticker Sauce, Soy Chili Oil, and a fruity Sweet & Sour Sauce, in no particular order.  Besides the random dunking in alternating flavors, a shrimp interior instead of the usual pork was a nice change of pace.    The shrimp in one of our two entree selections, Crispy Honey Shrimp, was moist, with just the right amount of breading and flavorful Honey Sauce.  The chunks of red and green peppers and white onions in our second main course were suitably crunchy, and the beef nice and tender, with all floating in a rich and tasty Brown Sauce.  Included fluffy grains of steamed white rice offered a nice backdrop to bring all the fresh ingredients together.  And, I washed everything down with fragrant White Tangerine Tea, which tasted like vanilla without a sweetener, but like tangerine and honey with the addition of Sweet 'N Low.  I have no idea why, but preferred the latter.  The Banana Spring Rolls, served with Pineapple Coconut Ice Cream and Caramel & Vanilla Sauce, both looked and tasted great.  Accompanied on the side by raspberries, blueberries, and strawberries (to which Diane is allergic, so I got to enjoy them all), this fine meal ender offered a great harmony of flavors.  The good-sized dough-wrapped and deep-fried chunks of banana that were sprinkled in cinnamon stood erect on the serving plate, wading in the fine sauce and ice cream,  until we felled them and picked the very tasty pieces apart.   Service was friendly and very efficient, and, when paying our bill we were bestowed with two Year of the Dragon Mystery Dining Rewards that we can use if we return within 40 days of our visit and leave unopened until a manager comes over and discloses our discount or edible surprise.  That should be soon!  4-1/2 stars!
4 I've come to other P.F. Chang's and have never had a good experience..  They  say in life to never say never..  Crap they were right. This P. F. Chang's experience was one for the kodak books.  Originally my husband and I were going to go to Claim Jumper for our anniversary but once there and stuck in the parking lot for more than 20 minutes looking for a parking spot, I was really annoyed. Taking a final look in the direction of the restaurant and seeing the line outside I decided to look for another place.  Winner, winner, chicken dinner. P.F. Changs was in our sights.  Walking in we asked how long it was for a booth because we had our one year old daughter with us. (no we didn't get a baby sitter). The hostess mentioned that the wait was 45 minutes to an hour long. WTF! Next, she said or we can opt for outside eating which was heated. No Wait?! Okay, im in. My tummy was growling and about to attack the next poor soul who walking in front of me.   Finally at our seat outside, we took off our jackets cause the dang heaters were so hot. Our waiter was quick and friendly. His name was Brandon. I swear, he had our drinks within seconds, or so it seemed.   He filled us in on drinks and menu specials and even explained we could substitute for other items if we wanted for only a two dollar charge. We opted for his suggestion which was the 2 for $40 deal.   Then we went for the upgrade for the chicken noodle soup for an extra two bucks. We asked for the soup to have no tomato's (im allergic) and no mushrooms (hubby and i both dislike them, yuck!). When It arrived it was so good. No joke, the BEST soup I've ever had. WELL, okay its tied with BJ's (they're broccoli and cheese soup). The noodles we're freaky, they looked clear but they were very tasty. Huge, but good. The cilantro inside was very fresh. it said it was chicken noodle soup but there was hardly and chicken. it didn't phase me though. We both had two bowls full and were going to have tons of leftovers. YAY!  The appetizer we got was the lettuce wraps. They offer the option for chicken or vegetarian. Meat, meat meat baby! They were good, but not mouthwatering. I was trying not to eat much of them because I still had two entree's on their way. My husband was into them, way more than me. I let him munch on them.   Our entree's arrived, both with rice included. Cool. The first entree was orange peel chicken. It was drenched in orange sauce which really made the chicken kind of soggy. Not a huge fan. It was good (like the wraps) but not something I would come back for. If you paired the chicken with a bit or white rice it took away some of the sauce which made the dish better. The next entree was the honey shrimp. OMG, soo good. My husband and I were literally fighting over it, even though i ordered it. Letfovers? Nope, none. Damn :/   Lastly the deal came with two shot sized desserts. My husband was no surprise when he ordered the NY cheesecake. He wasn't a big fan of it because the raspberry sauce on top was super sour and bitter. eek. I was torn between ordering the tiramisu and the thres leche lemon drop cake. Considering the fact that I always go for the tiramisu I decided to be different and get the lemon. When Brandon returned with my dessert he brought me both! :) He whispered for me not to rat him out and that he brought me both because he knew I couldn't decide. The tiramisu was very moist and delicious. It had a distinct coffee flavor. it was gone and two bites. The other, the lemon was so yummy! I love lemon and it was perfect. It was very lemony but at the same time very cakey. If that makes any sense. i dont know why it was called tres lech cause it wasnt very moist, it was more like a cookie. It had lots of cookie texture to it.  Over all I was a huge fan of P F Changs and we will be returning next week. We were such fans that we asked to speak with the manager and left our waiter Brandon a great review. Hopefully the manager will let Brandon know he did an exceptional job.
1 Terribly slow service waited 45 minutes for entrees and they refused to accept yelp offer.   Wayne Gorsek
4 I consider myself a god of chains... chain in the restaurant sense...  I really really like PF Changs.  Did you know PF stands for Paul Fleming?  Did you know the food is all gluten free??  Did you know that PF Changs is the parent company of Pei Wei?  Hmmmmm????  I Wikipedia'd 2 of those facts, I'm not that awesome.   Kung Pao Shrimp is the best I've ever had.  Service always fantastic.  Sea bass also very underrated dish.  4 stars why?????  Because I think it's a tad over priced, just a tad.
4 Great service and really good food, but one big complaint that keeps me from going often and that's ,how do I put this delicately, bad bad bad gas for two to three hours after I'm done. I don't know what they put in their sauces, but it is toxic. My poor kids die on the way home after PF changs!! Ha Ha
4 Until March 2012, I was not a big PF Changs Fan.  Sure I like the Lettuce Wraps and the Spare Ribs but I have always felt it was overpriced, overcrowded and pretentious.  I tend to avoid places where you have to wait in line for the privilege of dropping a C-note on dinner and drinks for 2 and the food isn't even real chinese.  And then, as if drawn by oriental mystery, I found myself with my lovely wife who is a PF Changs fan hearing myself say  hmm, Lettuce Wraps sound good, surprised it came out of my mouth.    So off to Rampart we go.  Past the wild rearing horses greeting us and reminding me that this might not be my best choice.  Until.....................  Dinner for 2 for $40.00.  I know I know, many other chains are offering similar or even better priced bargin dinners.  And the old saying you get what you pay for usually holds true.  I thought, ok. It is a trick, small portions, limited menu choices but I will give it a try, for my wife. Well this may be the exception.   The popular items are on the 2 for $40 menu.  Lettuce Wraps, Orange Chicken etc.  Not everything but enough choices to make it worth it.    You start with soup, we upgrade to the Wonton for some yummy starts.  Then you get 1 appetizer (Lettuce Wraps are a staple.) 2 entrees and either 3 mini deserts or one large piece of cake for a slight upgrade price.  The bowl of soup is huge and we have always ended up taking some home.  The portions appear the same size as the regular dining and of course the same great taste.  The Mongolian Beef is one of our favorites and the Crispy Honey Shrimp and Chicken are awesome.  Unless you are super hungry, there will be enough leftovers for 1-2 lunches.  Make yourself the envy of your lunch crowd at work by enjoying a chinese feast the next day.  I have now become a fan of PF Changs and give them a resounding Xie xie or M goi.  Not to mention the service was fantastic.  We had an amazing server who has been there 7 years.  I hope the restaurant appreciates what they have in this girl.  The only think keeping this from a 5 star rating is that I am from the East Coast where corner store chinese food is better than anything you can find in Vegas and half the price.
3 I find P.F. Chang's to be way overpriced. If their prices were cheaper I'd give them four stars because I enjoy the ambience, find it a comfortable place to hang out with friends, and believe their entrees and appetizers to be interesting and flavorful.  I liked going during happy hour with a few friends, where we had a lot of fun and never felt rushed. I thought the appetizers were tasty, and my friends liked the drinks from the bar.    I don't  mind paying for quality, but I don't think their offerings are worth the prices they charge, so I won't be coming here often, and most of the time it'll be for happy hour with friends.
4 OK, I fell off of the wagon and went to a chain restaurant, but only because our friend wanted to fo there for her birthday. I will say that I do like this "American Chinese" restaurant. I ordered the Sichuan Scallops and they were very tasty. I like the fact that they serve brown rice. I only waited about 10 minutes to be seated and we had excellent service from Alex. We also had Crispy Honey Chicken and Mongolian Beef at our table. All was good. This is a chain that has NEVER disappointed me, no matter what city.
5 Ate here last night and have been here quite a few times. I cannot believe people here reviewing are saying it is overpriced. Really? Where else can you go and for 2 people get soup, appetizer, 2 entrees, rice and dessert for $39. That is a 4 course meal.  Am I missing something here? This is a damn steal! If you think that is "overpriced" then go to Chili's or Applebees and eat that garbage! PF Changs has amazing Asian cuisine that is superb, full of flavor and well worth the price. We had very fast and courteous service last night as well, and every time I have ever went I have never had any issues with the service.   My fave dishes/apps are Mongolian Beef, Kung Pao Chicken and Orange chicken, Lettuce wraps and Chicken chow mein. I haven't tried everything so I am sure there is more awesomeness to eat there as well. I do not eat fish so can't really speak on that.  If you want to upgrade your dessert for $1.95, Try the Banana spring rolls. Its fried banana with pineapple coconut ice cream with vanilla and caramel sauce and fruit! Amazing! I love PF Changs. Cant wait to eat my leftovers for lunch today.
1 Tonight I spent $60 on an absolutely underwhelming meal.  It started with blase egg drop soup, greasy spring rolls, just average chicken dishes with dry rice! And the food was lukewarm.  This the second time, a PF Chang, has served us a mediocre quality of food..I can go to the neighborhood Chinese Buffet and have a much better meal for half the price.   Since we were in Las Vegas, visiting, and there are thousands of restaurants, I was surprised at how robotic the waiter was and how below average, greasy and tasteless the food was.  I wish I had my $60 back!!  Advice:  Save your money, or go to your neighborhood Chinese joint!  There is no justification for charging those prices and delivering a crappy experience....Very upset and disappointed.
4 Lettuce wraps are a must! But the beefs always seem to be too seasoned.
3 I've been to PF Chang's in the past and have never had any complaints until now. This particular night I ordered the "spicy chicken" as part of their "two meals for $39" deal which turned out to be NOT at all spicy. The rest of the meal along with dessert was very good. The service of the waiter and friendliness of the host was impeccable!
4 The food and service are good; however they don't have the Lemon Pepper Shrimp appetizer anymore.
3 My mom loves it here!!! I think it's a bit over rated though. We tried all the waitress's recommendations and needless to say we should have let her a note with our tip letting her know she may want to pick better recommendations. She was a really nice lady though and very attentive. I don't think I had to worry about asking for a refill all night. Great service! Food was just okay.
3 I've eaten here only twice; the first time I don't remember what I ate, but I remember thinking it was a bit overpriced. The second time I came here my best friend brought me. She had a gift certificate she wanted to use, and we went in for a late dinner (I'm talking an hour before they close late). We decided to get a special they had for two people; two soups, two starters, two entrees, and your choice of two desserts or shareable dessert. She ordered the Orange Peel Chicken for the main dish, and I got the Orange Peel Shrimp.  The Shrimp was very tasty, and had a little kick to it. We shared some spring rolls with the house sauces, and got separate desserts. The down side was the desserts were little shot glasses full of cake. It wasn't that much. We should have asked for a shareable one, it would have been bigger. The staff was very nice considering we were there pretty late, and overall the food was alright.
4 My first trip to PF Changs was a good one. I was seated fast and greeted with the professional courtesy that most customers deserve and expect from a casual dining experience. The food I ordered was equally as pleasing.  I went for lunch and ordered Ginger Chicken with Brocolli and brown rice in the lunch sized portion. I was worried the lunch portion would be too small but it turned out to be just right.  My meal came out fast, hot and fresh. The chicken was tender and the brocolli still slightly crisp. Mixing the sauce and the brown rice was a good way to go. The egg flower soup at the beginning of the meal was good in its own right but had a flavor I am not used to.  I ordered hot green tea. They were out of the regular organic and so they brought me tropical green tea instead. It was a little sweeter and fruitier than the tea I really wanted but it was still good. I had that pot empty by the end of my meal. To finish off my meal I ordered tiramisu for dessert. This was the only disappointing part of the meal. The taste was good but it was frozen. I've never had frozen tiramisu before. Perhaps I was just there too early and it had not defrosted yet. Whatever the case my overall experience was favorable. I got a good meal, hot tea and dessert for $17.51. Not bad. And I had a $25 gift card that now has $7.49 remaining. Maybe I'll go back and get a dessert trio.
5 P.F. Chang's is one of my favorites. I recommend making a reservation unless you don't mind waiting to be seated for a while at times. The wait for me in the past has been up to a 2 hour wait so I always call ahead of time to make sure I wont have to wait too long when getting there. Parking is another thing the lot can be pretty full at times but, when people know where good food is they tend to gather!  We like getting the "Four-Course Meal For Two For $39.99". You get your choice of 2 soups, 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 small desserts. For $1.95-$3.95 you can upgrade to 1 larger dessert but for us we like choosing our own smaller ones that are included in the price already.   I love their "Egg Drop Soup". It is some of the best I have ever had. I usually always start out with "Chang's Chicken Lettuce Wraps". The lettuce is always so fresh and crisp and the chicken tastes so darn good. I just can't get enough of the lettuce wraps! We also got "Pork Fried Dumplings". These are chocked full of delicious flavored pork. If you like dumplings then these are a must and they have veggie too. For my main meal I usually get "Crispy Honey Chicken". The chicken comes with crispy rice sticks under the chicken and u tell them to leave that off so I can mix my white rice with the chicken, yum! For the dessert menu I would eat one of everything it all sounds good! The dessert I did choose this time was "Salted Caramel Chocolate Cake". Sounds good right? It was just so-so. I wasn't upset at all it was perfectly edible the flavor just didn't add up to the name so I will try a different one next time.  I had a "Strawberry Daiquiri" that was $6.50 and delicious.  There is a outdoor patio if you want to eat outside.  Check out their website. They have a "Warrior Rewards" that gives you freebies from time to time. Just for signing up you get a free order of lettuce wraps!
3 P.F. Chang's is ... well, P.F. Chang's.  The plaster horse that's in front of every single chain signifies that you've entered the asian fusion place of champions.   The interior is like every other P.F. Chang's and the food also is.... same.  That in itself would probably rank itself in a 4 star category if you're not going down to Chinatown for the real thang.  However, the one star deduction came from the terrible misplacement of their Curb-side service.  First, curb-side usually designates that someone will probably come out to take your order or what not.   Instead, this location decided to place the signage out behind their dumpster area.  And there's no video camera or anything so no one comes out to meet you or bring your food.  You still have to head over to the front entrance and get your food from the bar area.  Second, they blocked off the sidewalk with their outdoor patio gate.  So you'll walk the long way around to get to-go food.  It's not only an afterthought for curb-side service, it's a terrible location and there's not a dedicated area for it.  If you're going to do it, do it right.  I'd probably take pointers from Darden's (Outback/Carrabba's) who's had a pickup window/door for a while and they even re-implemented their areas in older venues.  I would probably suggest that they re-do this with the parking that's facing the entrance to make this a more viable solution.  Picking up to-go food at the bar is so 1990s.
2 This used to be my favorite go-to Chinese cuisine restaurant.  However, the last few times I have been there, I have fallen more disappointed than the next.  I think the food is consistent, but extra heavy on the sodium.  Also, menu items seem to stay stagnant without changing here and then.  Finally, it seems as if the expectations for the servers have been lowered.  Do managers still visit the tables?  I think the icing on the cake was our last experience. We were DOUBLE charged on our bill, and when we called it to our server's attention he shrugged his shoulders and walked away.  Yes you heard it...no sorry, no apology, no "have a good day." We were appalled.   (You better believe we will be checking our credit card statement to see if he actually credited our bill.) With that attitude, it almost felt as if we busted him in a scam. Thankfully, we compared the bill with the others who split it with us or else this might not have been caught. I hope management gets it together here and teaches basic customer service skills to their employees. That being said, I will give it another honest try at some point.
4 Good Food.  Had not gone for a year but I took family and both sets of parents out for dinner.  It was good.  Waiter was helpful and very attentive.  Sea Bass was wonderful.  We will go again.
3 P.F. Changs at this location had really good customer service. Our waiter was very attentive and even recommended a good red wine to drink (which was $11) but I can't remember the name of it. Anyways the food was okay for me, I got the street noodles or something like that and to me it reminded me of pad thai (which was more spicy and less sweet) with shrimp. My mom got the moo goo gai pan (sorry if misspelled and butchered) and it literally had no flavor, it was so bland that my mom had to ask for salt (which is very rare for her to ask of that which meant it seriously had no taste). My mom's friend got shrimp fried rice and their version of orange chicken which was not much different that panda express to me, just a bit better in taste.  Overall It wasn't SUPER good or worth the price really (in my case). I mean P.F. Changs is a good place if you want more expensive asian food, but im sure you can find somewhere else that serves good asian food for less.
2 PF Chang's is one of my favorite places to go for dinner an has always been outstanding. But recently I was very disappointed. We recently called to get an order for take out. It was a special occasion for my bf an I an wanted a nice romantic dinner at home. We called an ordered 3 appetizers an 3 main course meals. When we got the food home I couldn't believe how awful it was a the portions were barely enough. The crab won tons were burnt an the shrimp pan fried dumplings the northern style ribs were ok but not as good as when we eat in. The entree portion of Mongolian beef, honey crispy chicken were so little we could hardly share. The only entree that was a little better was the ginger chicken. It was like they had given food for maybe 1 person. It was very disappointing. I will never get take home again. Going in an eating is definitely better. Although it should be good either way
5 Great food, love the Honey Walnut Chicken!
4 I enjoy visiting this location. Actually, I was here just last week with a friend.  The sole reason I come here is for the szechuan asparagus. So damn good! Spicy! I could eat numerous plates of this stuff. Lettuce wraps are always a good choice too.  Orange peel chicken and General Chang's chicken are my main dishes of choice since I'm allergic to seafood.  I always get great service no matter which location I go to in Las Vegas or California.
5 This is best PF Changs in Vegas, as far as service and food, We goto all of them, and this location is most pleasant.  Idvsat the worst one for service is not the planet Hollywood location, however it's the stand alone flamingo/paradise location. Poor service  And lots of fast paced activity with loud noises, not a relaxing PF Changs, the mangers at charleston location are the best!!
1 Horrible, tasteless, bland, overpriced Chinese food. Both times I ate at this PF Chang's were terrible. Good thing both times were free or else I would be even more pissed. Also, need to do something about  their slow service. I had ordered online for a pick-up several hours in advance. I still had to wait 15-20 minutes.   You think they would at least make one of their signature dishes palatable. Wrong! Their chicken lettuce wraps was one of the worst meals I've had in Vegas!
4 I was very excited to have chinese food tonight and it was definitely worth it! The appetizer lettuce wreps were my favorite. I also had the wonton soup which was pretty good! The sesame chicken was very good also! My family was contemplating on having dessert but our kind and very friendly waiter, Robert, gave us the Banana Spring Rolls desert for free.. what a nice man! Overall, dinner was great and I would gladly come here again!
4 The Summerlin location is always consistently great. Service is friendly, food is prepared same way and also very good and consistant. Had the walnut melon shrimp, hot n sour soup ..yummo tasty and filling. Also had the lettuce wraps of course. Recommend this location in town, the others are a tourists trap..
4 My favorite place to go for Happy Hour.  Northern ribs and a cold beer  to finish off a busy week.
4 Good atmosphere and friendly service. I like the gluten free menu.
3 When I get a craving for rice, this is usually the place I head to. I do like the fact that they have a gluten free menu, with my go-to menu items being: chicken lettuce wraps, egg drop soup and the chicken fried rice. My fiancé and I have alway have good service here, with the waiters being very personable and accommodating to my fiancé's interesting sauce concoctions.  They also have a good agave nectar margarita. It's just agave nectar, lime juice and tequila. Simple and without all the usual calories in a margarita.
1 Literally, as my party of 3 discussed the closure of Firefly on Paradise, I find a huge piece of plastic wrap in my salad!!! I am done with PF chunks forever! quality control? negative, none, nada. Yuk. yes, the manager apologized, no, I wasn't charged for the salad, but it turned my stomach.
3 After living less than a mile away from this PF Chang's for more than two years, we finally tried it for takeout last Tuesday. I am not a huge fan of Chinese food, and not a huge fan of chains, so though I have lived near other locations in many cities, it has never been high on my list of places to try!  I was actually pleasantly surprised. I had wonton soup, steamed pork dumplings, and the chopped chicken salad. You get a choice of dressing with the salad - ginger or sesame. I had the sesame and it was to die for! I am going to check whether they sell this by the jar, and if so, I'll definitely buy some. The food wasn't anything amazing (I thought it was the same quality you get at any generic Chinese place), but perfectly fine.  I probably wouldn't go back and eat in the actual restaurant, just because of the generic chain feel of the place. But the pick-up at the bar was easy, the staff was friendly, and it was pretty decent Chinese takeout. I'll definitely do it again!
4 Great fresh food as always. Maxwell was a great server :) will be back!
3 I have been to this location maybe 3 times in the last 4 years; PF Changs is just okay to me.  I went to this location for lunch with some co-workers yesterday.  Before taking our order, the waiter advises us to try things that sound gross because he says things that sound gross for Chinese food are good, and things that sound good we will send back to the kitchen.  ????    I order some Moo Goo Pai chicken and shrimp.  He asked me if I ordered that because it sounded good.  ????    I told him of course I did, why else would I order it.  He told me that it was bland ?????    I told him that would be fine.  He was correct, it was bland, but nothing a little chili oil they have on the table could not solve.    Nice lunch specials here...it does not join the rotation for lunch but it might be good to go here once and a while; the server may be entertaining.
4 My first time eating at a P.F. Chang's so I don't really have anything to compare this location to.  I can say that I did enjoy my meal as well as the atmosphere.  Will return!
4 Great gluten free menu  My husband and I eat here often because I'm gluten free and this is my only safe choice for gluten free Chinese food, but also because we're addicted to the Singapore Street Noodles. My non gluten free hubby loves the gluten free version more than the regular version. PF Changs uses different plates for gluten free dishes, they are round and have PF Changs China Bistro printed on them, this is to guarantee that gluten free orders are in fact delivered to the right people. I appreciate the extra step big time!  We always get a bowl of egg drop soup to share, my husband orders the Northern Style Ribs (not gf because they are marinated in regular soy sauce although they offer a gluten free version of the soy sauce they don't do the ribs that way), then we get the Singapore Street Noodles and Combo (chicken and pork) gluten free fried rice. Service is always good at this location and for the last 4 years we've almost always had the same server if we go in at dinner time. We always do call ahead for seating, unless you go in at lunch I strongly recommend it.   Food is great, now I'm craving it again... Stupid appetizing review.
4 This particular PF Chang's is one of the best I have been to. They are always on time, food is very predictable and the employees are friendly and good customer service. Best one in Las Vegas.
4 Second time at PF Chang's in Vegas, having been to the off-strip location before and liked it. This one in Summerlin has a nicer atmosphere and of course the food is no different. I come here principally for their gluten-free options, which are fairly priced, and taste as good as the regular fare. It's great to be able to eat good food and not have to worry about whether the restaurant will be able to cope with my requirements!  They also have a great drinks menu. My only complaint was having to wait 20 minutes for a table, even with a reservation. I'm sure I'll be back though!
5 Great food and good service. Try the spring rolls!! The temperature was a little cold inside for the afternoon, so you might want to bring a sweater.
5 This was my second time going to PF Chang's although I know it's been in town for years.  The lunch menu is inexpensive, has tons of options and comes with salad or soup.  What I have been most impressed with is their wait staff.  The first time we had a very hospitable blond southern girl and the second was a (I think) southern guy with weird earrings.  These were two of the best waiters I've had in a LONG time.  They were unbelievably good.  They're a big factor in why I'll be coming back for awhile. This makes me want to travel to the South.
5 Aubrey did a awesome job!  We had tons of refills on our diet coke and she got our Salmon order perfect with extra extra sauce like we love it!!  Love the red velvet dessert it is worth the calories!  Even the managers pitched in to make sure all her tables were attended to!!
5 We just went here again and had Cody wait on us and no matter what we order it is always excellent and consistently awesomeness.  The managers there really make the difference if the staff is slammed they seem to pick up the slack so that they can accommodate any super busy times and we appreciate it.  That extra refill on my diet coke is always super appreciated!!
3 All P.F. Changs are pretty much the same: good food, but slow and/or retarded service.  First, the food. I honestly didn't like the food when I tried it years ago for the first time. Then I discovered that at this restaurant, you really have to order different dishes on every visit to break down what you like and don't like. My favorites are the Crispy Honey Chicken and the Mongolian Beef. Shockingly, I don't eat green beans, but I do like the Crispy Green Beans appetizer. Everything is better when fried! Also, brown rice is an option without an extra charge, yay!  As I mentioned, service is slow. If you plan to dine in, be prepared to stay for like an hour and a half. If you need to get in and out quick, you MIGHT have better luck with take out/curbside pickup. Remember, I said MIGHT. This location can get pretty crowded for dinner on a weekday. We came here during the middle of the week. The parking lot was packed and although there were many people waiting to get a table, we were seated within a few minutes.  What really annoyed me was my last visit. I called in my order for curbside pickup. 30 minutes later, I parked in one of the curbside parking stalls. I waited about 5 minutes before an employee ran to my car. She greeted me, repeated my order back to me, I confirmed it, and gave her my debit card. A few minutes later, I got my food and started to drive back home. As I was at a red light, I peeked in the brown paper bag and noticed that they forgot to give me my 2 boxes of white rice. Grrr! Pulled a U-Turn and drove back. Luckily, I wasn't too far away at the time. When I got there, I didn't see any employees in the curbside area, so I called the restaurant. Hey, they are the ones that forgot my rice, so I wasn't going to get out of my car! The first person I talked to transferred me to the hostess. The hostess then transferred me to take out. Then take out transferred me to curbside. WTF? I told the last guy on the phone that I was missing my 2 boxes of white rice, I drove back and was parked in a curbside stall and asked if someone could run it to my car. He said "Let me see what my manager can do for you" and put me on hold. A few minutes later, dial tone. Really?? Right when that happened, the curbside employee who helped me earlier came to my window and said "Was something wrong, ma'am?" I told her I was missing my rice, she apologized, and  finally gave it to me.   Lesson learned. Always check your bag before you leave. But still. This isn't McDonalds for crying out loud! Its their job to make sure all the orders are correct! I did call back later that night to speak with a manager about how unorganized they were and how much of my time they wasted because they couldn't do something simple as double checking the orders. She apologized and did send me a $10 gift card in the mail, which was nice of her. I do like the food here so I will be back. Hopefully things will run more smoothly the next time around.
2 My dining partner was the less-adventurous type, so I reluctantly agreed to meet here for dinner.  We had lettuce wrapped chicken (over salted), stir-fried spinach (careless presentation - bland & uninviting) and pork lo-mein (edible, but not memorable).  P.F.Chang is for the 'pedestrian' Chinese food diner.  Having lived and traveled in Asia for 30 years, it will be a while before I return to P.F.  Too many solid alternatives in the Spring Mountain area, like Asian BBQ & Noodle on Jones.
5 This would have been a four star review if they wouldn't have saved the day, literally.   Ordered take out, since we are now obsessed with their honey shrimp, brown rice, lettuce wraps and broccoli and beef. Not the cheapest but we get quality food and that's what we appreciate.   Sitting in take out my car battery died. Crapola, just my luck. No jumper cables. So I called a near by yelp friend.. Shout out to Liz R! Anyway, her cables were too short and of course to remedy that problem we would have to ask a pf change customer to stop eating and move their car, no thanks, that's rude and I would never interrupt their meal for my convince. The take out lady was nice enough to bring my daughter a drink, bring me her jumper cables from her car and help us start it. For some reason it still wasn't working, just clicking. She asked her manager to come out and have a look. He did, or well I thought it was the manager, he never gave us his name. Long story short he wiggled stuff around, gassed it a bit. And boom it worked. By the time I got home my food was luckily still warm,   Thumbs up to pf changs for the amazing help, I would have been stuck without you because AAA wait time was one hour and my husband was 40 minutes away.
3 As far as chain restaurants go, Chang's is pretty good. Of course, that's not saying a whole lot.  The one item on the menu really worthy of praise is the Oolong marinated Sea Bass. When prepared properly it's delicious, but even this dish can be hit or miss. The first few times I tried it the fish was perfectly seared, crispy on the outside and buttery soft in the center. The last time I ordered the Sea Bass, it tasted so different... almost like it was steamed instead of seared. Not crisp, just sort of mushy.   The rest of the menu items I have tried have just been alright, not bad but not great. Lettuce wraps were a bit bland, spare ribs were rubbery, egg rolls were mediocre.  The servers mixing up their own style of sauce can be fun, the new mini desserts are a nice touch, there's a full bar. The Vietnamese crab salad is good, I think it is a seasonal irem.  Overall there are just so many better, authentic options in Vegas.  My advice, get out and explore.
4 I love the food and atmosphere, the price is a little up there (my boyfriend and I spent $50 for two plates of food, an appetizer and two soft drinks). My biggest thing is how good their gluten free menu is. It's something I always have to look out for, having celiac. I got the mongolian beef, and egg drop soup. They were so fantastic and flavorful, but again the prices were a little much. The atmosphere is quite dark (soft lighting) and warm feeling, with ancient chinese themed decor I assume. There are little statues and decorations that are very interesting and nice to look at. The plates that are square are used specifically for gluten free dishes. And the noise level is usually pretty good. It's worth it for a night out :)
3 This place is ok but it's always packed and the wait times can be nuts. Food is good but won't rush back- I like then orange chicken.
1 Bad.  Will never come back. Service was horrible.  Had to ask for refills and chopstick to eat. Food not great. Dessert awesome.  But we are here to eat dinner, not dessert .
3 What can I say? It's P.F. Chang's. The food is delicious but the quality of the food is pretty mediocre. I usually regret eating here the day after, but it's so delicious at the time! The best thing they have going for them is the online ordering with curbside pickup. I can place my repeat custom order in a couple clicks, drive up to one of the curbside parking spots for pickup, and they come to me with my food very quickly.   The service here has always been very good, and the gluten free menu is pretty large so I can convince myself that I'm sticking with my Paleo diet even though I think we all know cavemen didn't have Chinese takeout. (One could also make the argument that P.F. Chang's doesn't have Chinese takeout either...Bazinga!)
2 I was excited to eat here but the service was horrible and I needed to keep asking for water refills. But the food was pretty good.
2 I've always liked it here, but the last few times it feels like everything is SO damn salty!  Soups are always good, as well as tier chicken wraps. As for their entrees, way too salty. We ended up not being able to eat one of out dishes because of how it tasted :( Such a shame.
2 I'm really disappointed in this place. They are always so busy, it takes forever to get a table. But what really upset me is the time I called in a to-go order on a Sun night around 7 pm. When I called in the order, they said it would take 25 min.  So when I arrived at the restaurant 25 min later, (btw I waited by the to-go register for at least 5 min without even being acknowledge by any of the staff) I was told that the order just went in and it would take another 40 min. So I just cancelled my order and walked out. If they would've just told me on the phone when I called in order that it would take an hour, I would've been ok with that. I could've waited at home for an hour doing something worthwhile instead of wasting my time waiting at the restaurant. But they lied and said it would only take 25 min. It's too bad their service is horrible because I like their food. I will NOT be going here again.
2 SNOOZEFEST....  Typical chain food .   Just the average of average.   There are so many choices in Vegas I'm kind of surprised so many people go here.   Yawn.
5 Love this place!!! Oolong sea bass & mongolian beef is to die for! We had the best service from nicholas!!!
3 Great happy hour prices... happy hour food lettuce wraps and ribs are very tasty.. large portion enough for 2 to share.  Very busy during happy hour.
5 All I can say is there is no better Chinese food in the country. Try the shrimp and candied walnuts.
3 Food is good in general, but the time it took to get the food was exceptionally long. The child in the booth next to us was crying because she was so hungry and it just took too long. I know thing happen sometimes... But after waiting 30-45 min we got a "hey, thanks for your patience" and that's about it.
5 Todd the manager and our server Tara were awesome!!! There is mistake on our order but they comp us the wrong order and sent us another full order to go without charging us. Our bill did not reach the 40$ limit for us to use our coupon but they still used it anyways towards our bill.. So basically we had 2 Mongolian beef orders, lemonade, lo mein, calamari, rice, and our banana fried dessert all for 16.09$ u can't beat that and the service is good, Tara kept checking on us, even though we have to wait for awhile with our food it's totally worth it.. I love this of chang's very good service! And Todd is such a good example to their employees by helping them with the orders, cleaning table.. And checking on customers!!! More than 5 stars!!!
3 Was greeted, and seated promptly, The server, Liz came right over, took our drink order, and gave us menus. We ordered the special dinner for two.  The soup were good. Spare ribs  excellent. Mongolian beef was fine.  The honey shrimp was very disappointing.  They very tiny and tasteless. It is a shame they did not use nice sized shrimp.  If it were a $3.95 dish, I could see that, but for $15.00 grossly overpriced.. The dessert Teramisu, was excellent. Service and timing were very good.  A nice experience.
5 So it was 10 pm when we walked in & were seated so this is probably why our service was great seeing as other others on here say their service was horrible. Amazingly this location is open til midnight!  Drinks, appetizers, entree, dessert & check came one after another in a timely matter! Our server was great & personable. The food (like always) was amazing!  Will continue to eat at any location P.F. Chang's offers!!
3 The waiters and hosts are very nice and cheerful, the presentation of food was beautiful but sadly the food didn't taste as good as it looked. Not to mention, the rice was cold and dried out instead of warm and fluffy. Sorry!
4 Always great.  Orange chicken with fried rice, and Im in heaven!
5 Pretty Tasty!!  I loved it!  A little on the pricey side, but overall we enjoyed it.  We had a nice evening, nice atmosphere, looks kinda slow for them perfect for us :D.  awesome waiter "David", good service answering all our questions .  The food was full of taste, and  I definitely will come back soon!  We put in a good word for the restaraunt, and the waiter. That definitely makes a big difference!  Way to go Its funny how people gives 1 star just because "ohh i think my soup is not the same today " ....    Keep it up guys!
5 If u want try some delicious Chinese food, try this place, I'm pretty sure everyone knows about PF CHANG's.  Love the spot, great service, great food, not too expensive but the atmosphere is pretty chill. Music choice can be better. But overall it's a great place to have meetings, Dates or just to grab some quick lunch on Ur lunch break.
5 This place is so good. I haven't been happy with Pei Wei lately yet Chang's is consistent. Sometimes I go inside but lately I have been using their curbside to go. You can call in your order or order online like I do. Compared to other places that offer curbside Chang's has it down. I'm never left waiting passed the promised pick up time and the person bringing out the food is courteous and goes over the whole order ensuring it's all there.   The pork fried dumplings are super bomb. Great flavor and highly addicting. Chicken lettuce wraps from here are some of the best I've had. I change up between a few different beef dishes but it's always something spicy, beefy, tasty, and over white rice. The portions are good and vary like price depending if it's from the lunch or dinner menu.
1 Not too good.  Very sweet and the price is very outrageous.   Pf hangs because it left me hanging.  Waitress was awesome though. Steph....
5 Wonderful place! Always good food and service.
2 Me: Just not great. Everything is crunchy and/or sweet, thereby making it palatable to 99.9% of Americans. For real Chinese food, not to mention money and effort, we eat elsewhere.   Him: Eccchh! The food is not so good. They use too much oil and you burp a lot after you eat there. There are no Chinese people.
3 This is better then average Chinese food prepared for an American palate. Most everything is good. But, it's all a bit too salty. So I get everything with the sauces on the side. We usually order the Ahi Tuna Wasabi salad. If you want to stay in the suburbs and same some decent Chinese, this is a good option.
2 I would not suggest "Curbside to Go". More than once they screwed up my order. Never have I ever received two sauces for my wraps even if I ask for them twice. Your lucky if you get one container half way filled of sauce. I had one employee tell me the lettuce wraps didn't come with sauce nor included the actual lettuce. Never any napkins or customer service. I would be happy if just once they got my order right. For now I learned my lesson.
4 I went to dinner tonight and had some very delicious food. Our waiter was very polite but didn't show up enough to refill my water.  But other then that, the food was great and tasty, and had ok prices. If your hungry for Chinese, this is not a bad place to go. People there are very friendly!
4 Why do people automatically assume that if a restaurant is a chain, the food is going to be somehow lacking?  PF Chang's Asian fusion cuisine proves it is possible to be a chain and still make great tasting food.  Good atmosphere, tasty food.  Best choices are the chicken lettuce wraps, hot and sour soup, and their signature dishes. It's on our list of regular favorites.
2 Come on guys... we LIKE your restaurant - but, when you blow it - you're champs?  GLUTEN FREE is an issue for many people these days regarding diet - so are allergies.  You have been good about this from time to time but there is NO MENU POLICY - store wide?  Today I spent a good but unnecessary dollar and your staff/mgmt/cooks were NOT WILLING to adjust the menu and it wasn't that busy - LAZY as far as I could see.   I'll wait till you have a new menu and an ad saying you care about the GLUTEN FREE movement?
3 This place is a good, quick restaurant with nice decor. The one major thing I like about PF Chang's is that they ask about allergies. I, personally, have a food allergy and appreciate that they inquire about such. That little detail sets them apart.
4 As a chain, PF Changs is reliable, you always get what you expect and we've been to a few locations around the country.  Love this place for happy hour, though this location can get very busy. We love the pork dumplings, salt and pepper prawns, spicy green beans, shaking beef. Really never had anything there that wasn't good. Love the fixins they bring to make a spicy sauce, but I love to make my own. Service here is always good.
