1 DO NOT LIVE HERE!!!!!!  kyle (the manager) is the worst manager u will ever come across she is unprofessional  rude a LIAR and conniving just to name a few. she has yelled at me in the middle of the street, shut her garage door on my face (her leasing office is in the garage, weird I know) she has hung up on me when I was trying to place a maintenance order, which still has YET to be done when it was filed over a week ago with both her and the management company, which brings me to another point. the management company, OAKWOOD MANAGEMENT on charleston and cimarron, is the managing company of sandpiper and a couple other communities, they seem to not give a rats ass of their unprofessional, crude manager working over here at sandpiper. there are 2 ladies at the oakwood office I have been in contact with, bonnie and dana. bonnie is nice and got back to me within one day of the issue I was having. dana, at first seemed to care about how kyle was treating me and promised to have something done, well news flash dana, KYLE IS STILL HERE PRANCING AROUND IN HER PAJAMAS CONTINUING TO MAKE MYSELF AND MY FAMILY FEEL EXTREMELY UNCOMFORTABLE AT OUR OWN HOME (and yes I did say pajamas. in the past 6 months I've lived here I have not seen kyle in any other clothing than a sweatshirt spandex sweats or other pj style pants and a t shirt and flip flops. not ONCE have I seen her hair in any other style than a rats nest on top of her head) also at oakwood there is this mysterious "frank"character who is supposedly the head honcho and kyles boss. I have been trying to get ahold of this frank guy for about over a month ago when kyle started all of her bull shit but I'm beginning to believe he ceases to exist. every time I have ever tried to get into contact w/him dana claims "he is in the field" if by "in the field"she means out at the various properties that must be some sort of a joke ...i haver never seen "frank" on our "field".   also this is not an angry tenant case where they get pissed off cuz theydont pay their dues and are mad at management when they get hit with a big bill, no, we have paid our rent on time every single month since july 31, 2010 when we signed our lease. we actually also had a very good relationship with kyle until she turned on us. below I will list what kyle has done since she turned on us january 18:  1. jan 18, 2011- we come home to a notice on our door saying remove the dog and pay 250$ for an "unauthorized pet charge" ...we do not did not and have never had a dog in this house... she claimed to hear barking coming from our house which is humorous because our next door neighbors have 2 dogs that bark incessantly at anything that walks by, which I have actually complained about the barking before and absolutely nothing has been done to quiet them, so do I doubt she heard barking? no, I'm quite certain she probably did. but was it from our house? no.  2 when I went to confront her about this was when she proceeded to scream at me in the middle of the street telling me that I'm a good liar and she is not crazy (sure lady) it was at this point that I drive down to oakwood management and spoke with dana about the situation and she said she would notify "frank"and get back to me. a week went by, nothing. I called back and dana said she would give frank another reminder. another week, nothing. I called back and spoke with bonnie. she got back to me the next day saying the pet charges are being removed because it is "apparent that there was never a dog in the house". --yea we know!  3 when we paid our february rent we paid it after hours so we dropped it in kyles drop box. the next day we had a notice on our door in the same manner as the dog notice that said  "5 days to pay rent or quit".......??? we did pay our rent lady, she obviously is unable to run a small town house community effectively   in addition to these, I placed a maintenance order with kyle and with oakwood management over a week ago, which has not been completed and when I called kyle regarding her non response she clicked on me. real mature lady.   what's sad is that this is a 60plus year old lady were talking about here. grandma status. but she acts like such a child it's  just so baffling that someone probably coming up on their 45 year high school reunion doesn't act a DAY out of high school.   bottom line dont live here. it's a nice property with nice homes but because the price to live here is so incredibly low (and I mean too good to be true low), these people think it's ok to treat their tenants like shit.
4 i'm the manager at sandpiper and today i got a new sign ! it looks great !  stop by and tell me what you think of it !
4 I have lived in a few of the units here over the last 8 years. This place is always quiet and the grounds are always kept clean. The prices here are hard to beat for what you get. Each place I have been in has had 2 1/2 bathrooms (both 2 and 3 bedroom units) and attached two car garages. The living rooms and kitchens all have the vaulted ceilings, giving them a nice spacious feel. The units are all well kept and maintained, I have never been disappointed. I have had very few maintenance needs over the years due to the higher quality appliances used in the units. The few times I have required maintenance help, they have responded quickly to fix, repair, or replace what ever I need without any fuss. The manager Kyle has been here for as long as I have been in this area. She is very friendly and always willing to chit chat when she is available. She always seams to be willing to bend over backwards to help others out. She is very flexible when it comes to scheduling meetings and appointments and goes out of her way to meet your needs.  My only complaint about this area is it is not a gated community. Other then that, I have enjoyed my time here and plan to stay here until I decide to buy my own property, and I do recommend this area to others.
