5 Very professional, courteous, knowledgeable, and they did everything to make sure we were happy! Prices were extremely reasonable and selection was good. Highly recommended!  I got the information about Jerry's Tux Shop from the Bridal Show and my fiancee and I stopped in about 20 minutes before the closed. My fiancee tried on a couple of tuxes before he settled on one, but they didn't try to rush us out the door and I was impressed with that. A few days later, my fiancee decided he didn't like what he picked out, and 3 days before the wedding, he went back in and there were no issues with changing the selection. One of the men in our wedding party was living out of state, and he faxed his measurements over to Jerry's Tux, no problem at all.  Mando assisted us every time we were in there and he was WONDERFUL. Very friendly, patient and so helpful. I would definitely recommend Jerry's Tux and if there's another occasion where we need tuxes, we WILL return!
5 From the time I walked in to the time I left,  Armando and his staff were excellent in helping me find a tux and accessories. On top of tuxedo rental, they sell used tuxedos and accessories at a fantastic price. I purchased an amazing coat and pants, with minor tailoring, at an unbelievable price of  $50.
5 These folks did us right. We wanted suits, not tuxes for our wedding and Jerry's had a black and a gray option. We went with gray. The suits were in excellent condition, perfectly pressed, and looked as though they were new (I've had rentals in the past that  have had buttons fall off, etc.). What the real clincher is for these folks, is the service. I like my stuff to fit. I wanted the other gents' suits to fit (and not be the super-baggy, mal-fitting ridiculousness that seems almost standard at weddings). I told Mando that I wanted him to make sure that, regardless of what they said they wanted, they would end up with suits that fit. That's what we got. The guys all looked smooth, including those with...tough-to-fit bodies. I appreciate their efforts and their professionalism. I trust these folks and would use them again and recommend them in a second. In fact, we chose them after the first meeting even though they were probably the furthest shop from my house. Plus, their prices were reasonable and they worked with us. Cheers to Jerry's!
4 go see MANDO!  he's very good & fast with the fittings &  he did everything with a smile.  i highly recommend you go here if you need a tuxedo for any occassion.
5 I wrote a review yesterday but I don't see it so I will try again! Armando at Jerry's Tux Shop did an amazing job. He went above and beyond to make sure my clients entire group was happy. He communicated with me on a regular basis to keep me updated and informed. I can't thank him enough for all the hard work he did, he made the tux experience perfect for the wedding! Highly recommend!
5 Rented a tuxedo for the MMA awards. They were Friday, and I went in on Monday, it was no problem at all, and they were extremely friendly and helpful. The workers remembered me, and asked how the awards were, and told me that they keep measurements, in case I need future rentals. Excellent quality stuff, even last minute, and they've got tons of options! They are excellent.
1 Jerry's seemed like the perfect place to go to get my fiancé  and his six grooms men tuxes for or wedding. I spoke to the customer service representative over the phone and he seemed very personable and knowledgeable about there products. However when my fiancé arrived about 5 mins late (it was across town) and 20 minutes before me he was told they would get to him after a line of people in front of him. He reminded him that he was there for an appointment and he continued to insist that he wait. He let me know that it was going  to be a wait, so I called to confirm that my fiancé was there for the appointment and how long the wait would be, he mockingly laughed at me and said "OHHH alright . Well see you when you get here." I found out after the entire appointment that once he had gotten off the phone with me he looked at my fiancé and in front of everyone in the entire store he said "DUDE you had your GIRL call me? Seriously?!?  This is a MEN'S store..." And walked away. My fiancé tried to tell him that he never told me to call (I did that on my own simply to make sure I had the appointment Right in my planner- not trying to cause contention) .  And a soon as I arrived he acted as if nothing happened.  When I got there I explained I had our groomsmen coming to get measured, and I would like for just a couple (different body types) of the Guys to try on what I had in mind to see if it looked good. The representatives measured all our guys but when we had the two guys try on their tuxes to get a general idea of what it would look like the representatives continued to "fit" these 2 men and tell me after the fact that they would need a deposit down for the fitting that I never gave permission to go ahead with. I was still deciding on the look i wanted but I felt like I was not being heard and try continued to proceed to checkout with the look I was still unsure about. I found out after both fittings that they didn't have the color/look I was going for in the best to begin with.  To top it off as me and my fiancé are discussing our options with the groomsmen about the best possible alternative the sales rep (who is still working to get this unwanted tux finalized) rudely interrupts by saying in front of our whole group and employees  "OK GUYS I really need your undivided attention. This is not social hour. I need you to focus on the task at hand, you Gus can have your social hour at a different time, we have other clients coming in and we have already spent a good amount of time with your group (the store was empty at this point and we had been here ago a total of 45 by this time) , like I said, this is why I told you on the phone it's better to have just you and your fiancé come alone without all these opinions, so I really need you to wrap up social hour and let's get this done" it was then that my brother in law stepped up and explained that there was nothing to "get done" because we were not sure this was the look we wanted. We still needed to discuss our options.   Needless to say, I feel very rushed and pressured to make a decision as quickly as possible and did not feel that We were spoken to in a respectful manner from the minute we walked in. We are grown adults planning a wedding, not a group of high school kids planning prom and I felt like we were being treated very disrespectfully. I was not being heard even though anytime I asked advice I was instructed to not ask for opinions because it was "my wedding and should be what I want Regardless of even my fiancé s opinion. In an attempt to make their time with is more worth while we decided to finalize the grooms tux even though we were still unsure of the groomsmen attire. Once I found out he way he treated my fiancé before I got there we called and cancelled the tux deposit we made for my fiancé and stated we would take our business elsewhere.   If you know exactly what you want with no changes, exceptions, or opinions from others, and extremely speedy service and payment, Jerry's tux shop is the perfect place for you . However, if you are looking for tuxes for the first time since the proposal with several questions in mind, I would highly recommend you do your homework first because Jerry's tux shop made it very clear that we were a waste of their precious time.  In turn, we have decided to take our questions and money elsewhere.
5 My fiancé had a very specific set of wedding colors. After weeks of searching we came across Jerry's Tux Shop. We were greeted warmly by Mondo who assured us he could help find exactly what we were looking for. He special ordered the exact colors we were looking for and was able to accommodate my large party of 10. He helped with making sure my out of state groomsmen were fit exactly how I had requested. Everything was ready for us the day we were promised and tailored the day of for any minor adjustments that had to be made including last minute adds to our rentals. We absolutely know where we'll be renting from if we have any future needs. Thank you Mondo!
5 My husband is not a "shopper" and Armando made the experience as painless as possible with his lighthearted demeanor.  I found Jerry's Tux shop on yelp and was happy it was close to home. My husband needed a tuxedo for an upcoming cruise and the store manager Armando was very helpful. We did not feel pressured or rushed, only waited a few minutes and left with a full tuxedo including shoes for far less than if we went to a men's department store.
5 We rented a suit from this location for our wedding. No appointment needed. We walked right in and were greeted by Mondo. He was amazing. Great customer service skills and her took excellent care of us. I would recommend this rental shop to my closest friends and family. Thank you for helping make our day beautiful. My husband looked amazing!
5 In about an hour, even with a full store during Prom season, I had a completely filled out tuxedo form, a tuxedo that fit with proper shoes, vest, jacket and accessories. I finished trying on all of my clothes and found out that I needed a jacket button moved. Their in-house tailor took care of it while I was changing back into my regular clothes. I didn't have to come back the next day to pick everything up.  Armando is friendly and knowledgeable about the tuxedo rental business. He helped my brother and I pick everything out. I received many compliments about the tuxedo at the events I visited and some were from total strangers. It was an experience that I won't soon forget.  If I ever need to rent another tuxedo or buy one, I will not hesitate going back to Jerry's Tux Shop. The owner is very nice and I had never felt more like a VIP customer than at this local Las Vegas business. They mentioned that they help people with tuxedos in their hotel rooms and won't charge them an arm and a leg to do so.
5 We came in on a busy afternoon during prom season and had a wonderful experience!  My son has a very hard to fit body (tall and extremely slender) and Mondo and Jerry took great care of him.  I highly recommend anyone looking for a tux to go to Jerry's.  They'll take wonderful care of you and won't charge you an arm and a leg.  Thanks, guys!!
