1 On September 9, 2013 just after 12 noon, I stopped at Curves 9360 W. Flamingo. I told the woman at the front desk I was interested in a strength-training program.   However, this was not to be.  I was met with a double dose of rudeness. She told me I she was busy and asked me to come back later!  A potential new customer and she actually asked me to come back later!  I d/n express interest in that idea, so reluctantly, she said she would give me a quick overview of their program.  At that point another woman came in and barged into our conversation.  The woman at the desk actually started talking to her.  She could have said, "excuse me I'm with another customer" but no; she allowed, no encouraged this other woman to interrupt.  So I left.  At that point I was undecided as to whether I would come back later.  The location is extremely convenient but upon reflection, I think not.  One dose of rudeness would have been bad enough but a double dose of rudeness is unconscionable. I don't think I have ever been treated that rudely in a retail establishment.
5 I have never stuck with an exercise routine, until NOW!  Curves is great, appeals to my short attention span, and you do build up a sweat!  The people both staff and other customers are all very nice, and extremely supportive.
5 I LOVE Curves! Thanks to this great location...I'm sticking to my New Years Resolution :-) The staff is great, especially Tiffany who knows everybody and speaks to them as they come in and that's Huge! The 30 minute program fits into my busy lifestyle and this location is so easy to get into. A big, well lit shopping center with plenty of parking. The machines are well maintained and clean for this neat freak. The people who attend are so friendly and working out with The Julian Michaels dvd is a blast in a group setting. I highly recommend joining.
5 Curves is a SUPER comfortable & friendly gym for women. The coaches train you on how to do everything & there's also a computerized coaching thing called CurvesSmart that tracks your progress, calories you've burned & such and really pushes you to work harder. It's a fun & complete workout combining your cardio, strength training & stretching in just 30min! They recently introduced some classes by Jillian Michaels which add some variety & are really challenging as well. Check it out, it's nothing like the big box gyms.
5 I just transferred my membership here & I love it. The atmosphere is friendly. Tiffany & Rachelle are both really nice & helpful. Very roomy compared to other Curves clubs I've been a member of. Highly recommend this location.
