3 History has been made in this pub... In my work's shopping complex (that's dangerous,lol), we have seen the news here, handfuls of rounds bought by the bartender when -name your team wins- I aint a fan of football so whatever. I'll take the free drink anyday though! We've seen managers on their way to bigger and better things, co-workers send off to other stores, and happy birthdays. Really we go there all to often to blow off steam. They know what we drink! Wolf has been there for years,though I havn't seen him in a while.. Which reminds me I'm due to stop in.  It's mainly a sports bar with a different sport, seemingly on every tv, and the place seriously lights up when whomever wins. Bathrooms are nice for bar bathrooms. the bar itself appears unfinished, and has for the 9+ years I've been at my pedestrian job. gives it its charm, I suppose.
4 I should let you know that I have a very basic list of requirements in a bar: attractive lady bartenders, ice-cold beers, good service, low prices. THAT'S IT. I love having a million tv's all over the place, but that seems like an extra perk to me. Having said that.... I love PT's.  This particular location is semi-close to work, so sometimes we drop in to grab a drink after work. I only ever get a beer or two before heading out for other things, so I cannot complain too much about prices or anything like that. However, I showed up last Sat at like 5pm with a buddy, and all drinks were half-priced with their loyalty card. We had a lot of Jack and Coke's for like $30, which was a great deal. I was totally happy with the price, the drinks flowed well, and the lady bartender was hot. Happy camper, right?   Mostly. At first, they were quick to keep giving us new drinks. Towards the end, they tapered off really quick. I could've totally had another drink had they offered, but I sobered up and realized the best thing would be for me to stop.   Still, I'll be back.
4 This was a 2nd choice for viewing the Stanley Cup, after a Summerlin "Irish" pub would not play the Bruins game (Wha)?. Anywho, this PT's was very friendly, cheap drinks and a bartender that was cheering loud and hard for Hockey!! My new go-to hide out!
4 Came looking for a nice place to watch Hockey...and I found it.... Comfy seating...good service...my new go to place
1 I met my husband at PTs after work tonight to have a drink and quick dinner. My food took so long we asked for the check before they brought it. Could not even get the the waitress to bring us another drink. Horrible service...will not go back!!!
1 The atmosphere in this place is about the only thing this place has going on on a Saturday night. The bartender "mark" did a horrible job with service. Had me and my group waiting about an hour to get anything. I waited an hour to order some food. I finally got up and complained to the manager about my dilemma.  She was very attentive and took care of my problem(thanks jessie). Everytime mark came  around he kept acting like a complete a**hole. This guy needs to be replaced with a hearltess evil vilian, maybe he'll be a better bartender.
1 Made a mistake and tried going again just for a drink because it is so close to our house. We waited over ten minutes and did not see one bartender, waitress or even a cook!  People were walking out. This PTS is a joke.  People were sitting there waiting for service and to pay. No one ever came out onto the floor. The bar was unattended for the ten minutes we waited and the guy next to us said it had been awhile since anyone was ever seen.
1 A few weeks ago my daughter and her friends came to visit Vegas. We have tried a few other pt's around the area and the experience was great. We decided to go to this pt' on rainbow since it was closest to the house. The lady bartender was the worst. She completely ignored us and stuck to her usual customers. The busboy was more helpful. We made sure she got no tips and we gave the tip to the busboy instead. Tip to the lady bartender- be friendly and courteous to all that walks in that door. It pays your salary. It doesn't hurt to smile.
3 It was OK. I wasn't scared or threatened, but I also didn't have that instant thought after you sit down with your first drink , "wow, I need to come here more often." My husband and I sat on a couch and watched the local news. Someone at the bar was eating nachos and they looked good. That's about it.
5 This place is great! The bartender, Mark, is always aware of his customers. He's funny and a great guy. My food was awesome... I mean I only got chicken wings and fires and I have to say, they're better then WingStop. It was a great atmosphere. Definitely coming back.
