1 horrible. Just horrible
4 The Wal-Mart in the Centennial shopping center is the best Wal-Mart in on the North side of town.  It's got a great assortment as do most of the Supercenter's.  Fitted with a great balance of Grocery, Produce, Garden, Home/Bath, Auto, etc. The superenter delivers on your everyday needs at fantastic pricing.  When I'm on this side of town it's simply the place I shop.
1 In general this is a petty good Walmart, as long as you don't have to deal with management. Once management gets involved everything turns to crap In the insanity of shopping for all the Thanksgiving stuff I asked a Grocery Management employee if they carried Portuguese sausage, otherwise known as Lunguicia. She had no idea what I was talking about, but if I provided her w/ a UPC code of the product she could check.  Told her I didn't know what the UPC might be as I don't carry them around in my head or back pocket. Told her I thought she might be able to look such information up....She got a bit trite (irritated) told me I didn't need to tell her how to do here job. Told her I'd check with another grocer who could assist me. She shrugged her shoulders, waived said "That's your choice", and went about her assigned task unloading frozen turkeys. Great customer service....Management has no clue how to keep a customer.
3 The person who helped us at the register tonight was really nice and helpful about checking a price, but management wouldn't budge.  I bought a crate this morning for our marking and destructive doggy at the Spring Mtn location for $38.   Got home and the other dog doesn't need to be crated, but ended up enjoying it that I decided we should go get her one too so it's fair.   The same crate is $43 here.   I just find it weird how a big place like WalMart has different prices and doesn't honor it at another store.   This store is best at night to me. In the morning- clusterfuck. Poor associates...this is one crazy volume store to maintain and somehow it stays fairly neat.
1 I realize that people need jobs. But, really...   If the elderly person cannot see a coupon less than two inches from their face... mebbe they are a bit too old.   If the elderly person is wiping their snotty nose with their gloved hands and handling merchandise... mebbe they are a bit too old.   If the elderly person looks as if they need a compression stocking turtle neck just to blink... mebbe they are a bit too old.   If the elderly person takes 20 minutes to wring up 12 items, in the express lane... mebbe they are a bit too old.   If the elderly person is mistaken for a wrinkle snack pack by three Indonesian tourists... mebbe they are a bit too old.   If the elderly person isn't a greeter because they couldn't finish saying Helllllllllloooooooooooooooooooooooooooo before a person is halfway through the store... mebbe they are a bit too old.   If the elderly person knows dinosaurs by their first name... mebbe they are a bit too old.   If you put a piece of lettuce in the elderly person mouth and the Tortoise Society rushes them to a van to try and save them... mebbe they are a bit too old.   If the elderly person's dinosaur name is Slow-ass-a-saurus... mebbe they are a bit too old.   No, really. We are already sacrificing quality and atmosphere to save a few pennies for the corporate heave-ho, but service, too? At least make our trip as short as possible.
4 I can't believe I haven't reviewed this Walmart yet.  It's the one I shop at most often.  I enjoy shopping at this location, here's why:  - It's clean.  Unlike the Walmart that's closest to my home, this one is always well kept and clean.  Kudos the the employees for keeping it this way.  - The shopping carts work.  I hate it when I go shopping and the wheels of the cart are jacked up and the cart pulls off to one side.  Or when the carts are filthy and look like they've been carrying trash bags for days....blech!  The carts here are mostly clean and at least 90% of the time they work properly.  - It's big.  It's a Super Walmart, which means it has groceries plus all of the other stuff from a normal Walmart.  I like the one-stop-shop aspect of it.  I know what people think about "buy local".....but when I'm buying stuff like drain cleaner, I'm not going to a local store to get that.....we don't have local stores that sell that kind of stuff!  Anyway, for the basics that can't be found at a locally owned store, I buy it here.  The only negatives about this store for me is the parking lot......many people have no clue how to park/drive.....and the cashier lines.  For some reason, they have 30+ registers, but most of the time only 10 or so are open....which means long lines....and cashiers are slow most of the time so even if there is only 2 or 3 people ahead of you, it takes F-O-R-E-V-E-R!  I guess it's like that at all Walmarts.....probably a function of the shoppers too.  Overall, not too bad of a shopping experience.  Definitely my favorite Wally-World to shop at.  Return Factor - 80%
2 I've stopped here a few times, but it's a long distance from where I live.  There were several items not in stock.  Perhaps they sold a lot over the weekend, but it didn't look like they had enough shelf space.  I really have to say the store had less stock than the two I'm accustomed to.  I won't be eager to return.
3 Despite being one of the cleanest and most well organized Walmart's I have been to, this one usually irks me the most. It's always out of stuff. Always. I can never get everything on my shopping list here no matter what day of the week I go. How can you be out of chocolate ice cream on a Saturday? Other than that (which is usually rectified by going to the F&E down the way) this Walmart is not bad. It has a very pleasing garden section that is laid out very nicely. The clothing area is neat and free from aisle obstructions most of the time. And of course it does suffer from the usual Walmart problem of being insanely crowded on Saturday.
3 I dread going to this walmart because it is so busy. But, you cannot deny how less expensive household items are here rather than the grocery store. Plus, Walmart will match all prices in the grocery mailer and all competitor coupons. So I try to be as organized as ever to get the most savings for the hassle it is to shop here. The parking lot can be dangerous for your car so park a ways out.
4 This is the only Wal-Mart/Super Wal-Mart I like to go to in this town. There is pretty much everything you could need there.  I love to cook and they have a great meat selection at this place... I enjoy spending the $26 bucks and getting a huge pork loin to slice up into steaks, cubes, roasts etc. myself... really saves me some cash, and it lasts a long time.  Speaking of which they always have sales! Chicken Broth for $.50 cents?!?! I'm In!
4 We go to this Wal Mart for everything!  Allen in the eye care place is awesome.  The guy responsible for ordering the horse items in the pet area is great too!  People there are always nice!
3 What I do like about this store is that it's clean, well stocked,  and I can usually find what I need without asking.  Which is good, because trust me when I say that you will go through the tortures of the damned trying to find someone that works there to help you! In fact, almost every time that we go to the sporting goods section, there is no one working behind the counter, and more often than not there are already several other customers not-so-patiently waiting for someone to show up and DO THEIR JOB!  Even when you take the time to go up and down the aisles in that section looking for her, she's NEVER there stocking or doing anything else work related. Quite literally every single time that we've been to this Walmart to buy ammunition we've had to go to another department and get someone to hunt down the "associate" that is supposed to be working in sporting goods, and it usually takes atleast 10 minutes before she shows up from god only knows where. Very, very, annoying. Add to that the fact that even though they have like 30 check-out stations, there is never more than 8 that are actually open, so the lines are always long and slo-o-o-o-o-w. But, this is the closest Walmart to my home and since I do like their prices on meat and booze, and the boyfriend loves having a McDonalds in the front lobby, we actually end up coming here quite often.    We've just stopped going to the sporting goods section.
2 Not enough cashiers. You see so many registers but most of them are closed and only 5 or 6 cashiers. Don't like the long line wait. Also don't like that fact they are being stupid with online coupons and insert coupons.
1 WAGGIN TRAIN BEWARE!!!!! This Walmart sold my husband "Waggin Train dog Treats" there is a "caution" out for this product. I gave a bone to 2 of my 3 dogs, the 2 I gave them to almost died, the third I gave a "bonz" to was fine. My vet knew immediately what was wrong, knew exactly what happens with this treat, and took a proactive measure....luckily my 2 dogs lived (with a hefty vet bill) MANY dogs are dying shortly after eating waggin train jerky and bone treats !!!  Go to consumeraffairs.org, go to the FDA website, google this product....Nightmare's are happening to dog lovers all across the country.  I contacted this Walmart....it was like I was talking to a rock. No one cares that dogs are dying from kidney failure after eating these Waggin Train dog treats. No one cares about my hefty dog bill, I called Waggin train, i was referred to another company, then had to file a claim with Sedjwich claims. Of course Sedjgewich, on behalf of "Nestle, Purina,Waggin Train" refuses the claim based on "the treats have not been recalled YET" of course there is a CAUTION placed on them at this time based on the FDA........So the good thing is my 2 4 pound dogs still sleep snuggly in my 9 year olds bed at night, and I did not have to bury mine (so many are dying) I see this Walmart still has them on their shelves....so Walmart obviously will not remove them from their shelves....until one of their beloved dogs die....... Corporate greed sure is UGLY!!
3 i always would rather go to a Target but wally world carries items that target doesn't . thus , i am forced to shop here , the store is clean except for the restrooms. wally world has the ugliest shoppers ever, ya should check out the web site on walmart shoppers pics .lol
3 I hate the pharmacy it's always slow at this one.
5 The nicest walmart in Vegas, not nearly enough cashiers or employees (they should hire me, I've applied MANY TIMES) The shelves are always well stocked, I usually run into a sisterwife here or one from their brood!   Love this store, you'll find me here OFTEN :) and then the Sams is right next door!
4 I love this Walmart. I have been going here since it opened. It is always clean and stocked well.  The produce area is always clean, but the produce itself looks sad.  I do wish they had more cashiers because the lines to get long often.  They have a hearing aid store, nail salon and hair salon.  They have restrooms at the from and back of this store which I like because not all wally worlds have public ones in 2 ends of the store.  There is a McDonald's inside this Walmart too. I don't know how long the special will last but between 8:00 PM and 4:00 AM you can get unlimited Big Mac's for just a $1! Yes just a $1. Since I do my grocery shopping later at night that has been a nice treat on the way out. Check with them first as I am sure this wont always be a special.
3 I hate Walmart but they carry Mobil1 oil cheaper than anyone else.  I usually try to avoid this store during the day and go at night since it is 24 hours.  Also, the people at the auto service department are pretty nice.
1 In sum - WalMart.   My girlfriend likes -- for whatever strange, twisted reason (tradition, to torture me?) -- to come to this cesspool. Alright. I purchased some car windshield wipers at another, dirtier WalMart (I'll review that gem another day) and I misplaced the receipt. I always figured that WalMart prided itself on two things: lowest prices on its subpar product lines (which is not even true, RE: lowest prices) and taking anything back for exchange (they give you a gift card).  Someone forgot to tell the CS 'ASSOCIATE'/wench that treated me like a convicted rapist/thief while she performed the exchange for me.   I gave my girlfriend the gift card and said lets go. Something was wrong with their pharmacy (really typical, not atypical) so we could actually really go.   WalMart. - E
4 Say what you want about Wal-Mart....Me? I like this location  It's close by  It's open 24 hours  It's convenient when I need to run in and grab a few things, etc....  It was hella freezing, and wifey wanted Chicken and Dumplings, so I got what I needed and what else do I see??? MEYER LEMONS! These are the best lemons ever, and at $2.00 for a bag of four huge lemons, that's a steal!  As I was whipping up dinner, I juiced those bad boys(24 ounces of juice just from 8 lemons!), cut the lemon peels up, blanched them, and candied them(Yuzu Soda ring a bell?) and VOILA! We had refreshing meyer lemon soda to go with our dinner.  Now I don't have to worry about going to Cafe De Japon for their Yuzu Soda, I have meyer lemon lemonade and soda for days!(I'm sipping on some as I write this review!..:9) I'm gonna have to buy another bag to make preserved meyer lemons, a great ingredient to add to chicken or fish.....ALOHA!!!   YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(15/100) "My Meyer Lemon Encounter"
3 What else is there to say about Walmart, everything is made and China and they have everything you need.   Sometimes the employees can be a bit snarky and rude,but I would be too if I got paid what they do.
4 This is a really nice Walmart, which is strange because I usually hate WM and the average "Walmart Customer". I am sure that sounds bad, but you know what I mean. This WM is huge, organized, super clean, and well stocked. It also has a great grocery side that has a ton of options and good prices.   Who knew, I may be becoming a regular Walmart goer, as long as it is this location.
1 This is the first time I have written a review, and it sucks it's a bad one. I normally dread going to Wal-Mart but they do normally have a lot of the items I need for a decent price. I recently moved so had to go to this one. Anything I need is NEVER in stock, if it is their stuff is SOOO unorganized and don't know where anything is you get what you find then go to checkout and there is the typical Wal-Mart only 1-2 check stands open and broken self checkout machines. I went to stop in not that long ago and the second I walked in I was passing produce and I see not one, but two people working in produce "stocking" grapes. Licking their fingers, no gloves on, stealing grapes out of the bag with their dirty hands (God knows how long they were doing this before hand) then zipping them back up and putting them back on the shelves. I kept secretly spying and saw it continue with different types of produce. I've emailed the store twice tried contacting the manager NOTHING. If I have to go to spend a few bucks somewhere else, so be it. I work at a grocery store so it really gets to me. I know these types of things happen in different types of places but the fact the manager doesn't care REALLY made them lose a customer. I was just going to continue going back, never buy food or produce and tell the manager but nope. My money will be spent elsewhere. There is a guy there who works in produce you can tell he loves his job (well his department) and he does his job well and very professional, then you have those employees who will make you lose business. Disgusting. If I could give this store 0 stars I gladly would. Or a negative 10!! Oh yeah, let's not forget how busy it gets and they do NOTHING about it (most likely from poor managment) and I also called to see if they had a certain product, they said yes and I came didn't find it, I asked and was told they have never carried it. The parking lot is also an accident waiting to happen whether you are driving or walking,
2 Like all wal-marts, it has everything you could possibly need at rock bottom prices. However, this wal-Mart is always in a state of disarray and forget the weekends when they're out of stock on groceries and the lines are 5 deep. The employees all look like they just got out of rehab AND failed their high school proficiency test. They're either on the phone or performing some sort of mysterious re-stocking. The speed of the cashiers is always inversely proportional to the length of the line.
4 This is our regular walmart. We have a walmart neighborhood market that is closer but that doesn't offer all the same stuff as a regular walmart and the prices are cheaper at a bigger one. I drive just over 10 miles to shop here because it is affordable and I can find most of what I need under one roof. I will usually check out what deals each store is having and decide if it is worth it to go to that store and get it or just have it price matched here at walmart and get the same deal. I keep seeing these commercials on tv promoting how great the produce is at walmart. Which location? Which state? The produce is more if a miss than a hit here. Either the produce us bare or just looks weak. This visit the produce was bare but I did find some good bananas and bell peppers. Soda by the case is usually cheaper than the 12 packs here. The store itself is clean and there is always an employee nearby to answer any question you might have. I am glad they opened more self check out lanes but when I have a full shopping cart the other lines can be long. There is a McD's as you enter on the food side and they usually have good deals going on after 8pm. Right now it is 4 nuggets for a buck but it changes often. The parking lot is spacious but busy like a zoo because...  well its walmart.
4 After back to back bad experiences at my Walmart mothership, I opted to try my new Walmart home. I grabbed a few small accessories for the vehicle and headed for the door. The lines were backing up and  a friendly cashier called me over to an empty register and rang up my purchase. I stopped at Mickey D's on the way out to grab a beverage and got a good laugh out of the old lady with her arm in a sling giving the poor guy behind the counter a hard time for charging her for mayonnaise. The sign clearly says you will be charged for extra condiments. "But cheese is more expensive than a squirt of mayonnaise and I told you I didn't want cheese or pickles so I shouldn't have to pay for mayonnaise." The couple behind her had a good laugh too. You gotta love Walmart, right?
3 My usual Walmart review is 1 or 2 stars, but I stopped off at this one the other day on my way back from another errand.  I can't believe this is the same chain as the nightmare Wally's at Charleston and Decatur.  This one is bright, clean, and seems to be better stocked than most of the locations.  Though I wasn't shopping for groceries, the produce section seemed much better and fresher, too.  Parking also was easier.  And I didn't feel as if I needed a shower when I left!  I had to return one of the items I bought, so I returned to the same location to see if my previous experience was an anomaly.  Happy to report that it wasn't!  And they also had more than one cashier open at the non-food end.  That in itself was a feather in their cap.  Not that Walmart is ever my choice, but this one is destined to be my Walmart of choice.
3 As far as walmarts go, this place is newer and pretty clean. Problem is it's usually very busy and they're restocking is downright awful. I've waited weeks for them to restock certain items, seems like they could  revise their computer system.  Constantly run out of Sams bottled water... solution?... order more????  I usually shop late night to avoid the crowds b/c the lines get pretty crazy.  Dry goods... always the best prices, I come here for everything.  Then hit Sams next door for bulk stuff and gas. Produce.... meats... I usually avoid and pay extra at Smiths or another cleaner grocery store.
1 Wal-Mart advertises price match and I had found something cheaper at another Wal-Mart and asked to price match and was told by Management they will not price match other Wal-Mart's.  He told me if I wanted I could go back to the other Wal-Mart and get the same product there. Oh, of course he knew that what he said would cause a fight.  Not fist but words.  It was a bad scene.  Management was very rude and acted like assholes to me. I could see if it were dollars but this was CENTS.  No wonder they are billionaires.   Kiss my ass Walmart I will never be back.  F...k n jerks.
4 As Walmarts go this one is probably one of the best I've been in . Very clean very organized the customer service is above what your average Walmart customer service is. The employees seem to be happy to be working here. The customer service line is never long for returns and/or exchanges. I personally have not had a bad experience at this location. The location itself is pretty accessible and convenient. And in a very nice area of Centennial Hills. It's located right next to a Sam's Club like a lot of the Walmarts today. They do a pretty good job at keeping stock on shelves you rarely come in and see empty shelves. Always neat and organized.
5 I thought I lost my credit card. I misplaced it.  The staff in the motor department and customs service were super kind and helpful helping look for it. Thank You!!
