3 The painted desert golf club is nothing like I imagined it to be from the name. I expected this golf club to be out north of Las Vegas, near the Piute Counrty club - in the desert. Even the pictures on their website are a bit deceiving. This course winds through the painted desert suburb of Vegas. It is a nice course, a bit narrow at times, but there are touches of the desert to be found on most every hole. It is one of the shorter courses in Las Vegas. It is gentle on the scorecard for the higher handicap players. ..... unless you hit the ball into the houses bordering the course..... It is also a bit gentle on the wallet ... they have some good rates for afternoon tee times. There is water on most of the par threes, making them scenic as well as challenging. A nice place to play - to feel  good about your game. It is a bit of a drive out highway 95..... but your game will come out of here alive
3 Another Golf Course tucked away in a neighborhood.....this one is located in the Northwest off of Ann Rd & US 95 North.  I enjoy coming here during the Summer months and can usually get on the course easily mid-week.  On the weekends it tends to get crowded because their green fees are lower than most courses in town.  Here's my breakdown of the course:  PROS - Nice practice facility.  Mats & Grass options, which are nice.  - It's a nice course for a mid to high level handicap player (15+)....because it's a short course (see CONS).  - There are a few challenging holes, (#14, 292 yds, par 4) has water on the right side of the fairway and is a slight dogleg right....if you hit the ball long enough, you could cut the water and come close to driving the hole.  CONS - Short course.  6,781 yds from the tips, 6,269 from the black tees, ladies tees are at 5,647.  - No lights on the practice facility and the range is pretty small.....can get crowded when it's busy.  - The greens are slow.  They're not too challenging.  I've been coming to this golf course for over 17 yrs, since I moved here in '93.....it's like an old friend.  It's a great course to sharpen up your wedge play and 3 wood (off the tee instead of driver).  Or if you're a beginner, it's pretty forgiving.  Will I return?  I'm sure I will.
4 The management has been taken over by OB sports and it is now in great shape. The bar service still needs some improving-by this I mean it's just too damn slow when you are making the turn. The price for twilight is why this place is getting 4 stars from me. $15 golf after 3!
4 So after weeks at the driving range I finally decide to play the Painted Desert golf course. I pull up to the first hole in the golf cart and I was blown away. This course is very nice and the greens are in great condition. Every hole seemed to be perfect and I managed to play 18 holes without hitting a house. One of my favorite holes on the course was hole 16 I believe that to be a Par 3 where you must avoid the water. Let's just say I lost a ball or two on that hole. I would definitely play this course again very fair priced courses and friendly staff.
3 I'm not a big golf fan, but all my friends are. Tried to play for like the 5th or 6th time. Still don't like it. But with that said. The course is nice. We went after 4pm so for a round it was only $16. That's great in my book since I didn't want to spend alot for a sport I can't really get into. But be prepared there is a 4pm rush so it might be pretty busy. The course is in between houses and apartments so watch out if you aren't very good. Nice course, very well maintained, and cheap prices after 4pm. As for my golfing days....they are prob over.
1 Terrible!!!!  The placed charged us full price knowing there was NO grass in fairways.  I mentioned it to pro shop afterwards and got ZERO satisfaction.  They got over on my once, NEVER AGAIN!!!
3 Playing golf in January can be tricky in Vegas.  Sometimes you have beautifully sunny 65 degree weather and times its 65 degrees but the winds are brutal.  Our day it was closer to the brutal winds than beautiful, we didn't complete the 18th hole because the sun had gone down a little and the winds picked up.  We had a 11:28 tee time and paid $35/person with GPS in our cart.  Very helpful since the groups in front of us were painfully slow and knowing where they were was very helpful for us to try to maintain a steady rate of play. (If we would have waited till 2pm it would have been half of that.)  The course is narrow (very narrow at times) and greens are fast.  It is a typical "desert" course, not a lot of trees, fairways are not lush, rough is not deep and lots of sand. There are a lot of birds on the course and we even had the unfortunate occasion to see a bird with a broken neck.  The pro shop was average and their were no marshals on the course.  The rest of the staff was delightful and friendly.
3 way too many people on the course.... it takes at least 6 hours to get 18 holes in. no way a golfer can get a rhythm going...which could ruin a more serious golfers game. the course is very nice in the conditions are very good.. but lack of a martial make the course on playable
3 Normally we don't play on weekends during our visits to Vegas because its just too crowded, but this past week the courses were pretty empty, even this one.  It was much colder than we are used to in February (50 degrees) but being from Chicago we are okay with the cold.  It was super windy but we stuck it out.  We went out at our 8:08 start time, although there was no starter or announcement and the other 2 that we were suppose to join us were late, so we started ourselves on time.  We paid twice what we normally would have so that was a real bummer but golfing in the winter for Midwesterners is worth the inflated price. This time we completed the 18 holes and played great (couple birdies and a few pars) We'll be back since its so close to the house.
4 This golf course is very close to where I live and I am glad I learned about it. The price point for 18 holes after 3 pm was a gimme and it included a free domestic beer OMG. The club house is very nice and the pro shop wow...they have NFL team golf bags. Either people who like those teams really buy their bags from this pro shop or somebody got stuck with a bad order. The Steelers? Go Cowboys! :)  On to the course oh did I mention a cart came with this price I felt like I was robbing the place. Tee off was about 10 min early no complaints and at the end of the 1st hole I shot a +1 hey for a duffer like me I was happy now we won't talk about the rest of my game. Although I will mention I birdied HOLE 14! Did I mention I birdied hole 14?   The course is very nice and can't be beat for this price. Wide open fairways although I seemed to somehow find the edges. Every up and down was pretty straight forward and no real major dog legs to speak of or challenging traps/hazards. Short course well maintained and fun for beginners and intermediate players...i.e. most of the general golfing public.   I was a little disappointed with the slow pace of play we ran into people ahead of us a few times and kinda slowed us down. Not a huge problem for me as my golf rhythm is so erratic it doesn't effect my game. Why I should question if you should even call what I do game LOL. Did I mention hole 14 yeah had some birdies hanging around there!  Seriously it was good to be out after haven't being on a course in such a long time and I look forward to going back. Thanks to my buddy who suggested it and greatful for the cigar afterward!
4 Just recently moved to Las Vegas.  Painted Desert is now my home course.  While its shorter than many golf courses, tight fairways, difficult bunkers and lightning fast greens make it challenging nonetheless.  Painted Desert is a classic "target golf" type course.  Course management is at a premium.  If you just like to rare back and whale away for distance, you'll find yourself in trouble more often than not.  Many times a considerably shorter drive will place you in a better position to make the green in regulation.  Oh, those greens.  Fast, fast, FAST.  On top of that they undulate in unexpected ways.  On some holes (notably the 7th) an unforgiving pin placement and a "too long" putt will find your ball in the water hazard.  (P.S. Try not to hit the "coot herd" on the 7th in the winter)  Overall, playing Painted Desert is an enjoyable outing from check in to the 19th hole, the staff is friendly, accommodating, professional and dedicated to giving you MUCH more bang for your golfing buck.
5 This review is for the country club only. I decided to check this place out because we kept getting the flyers in the mail. I figured what the heck, let me go check it out since it was so close to home. I'm glad I did. We came on Sunday morning and the place was almost empty. We sat at a table near the gold course and let me tell you it was absolutely beautiful   Everything on the menu was cheap. Food came out fast the service was spectacular. I will be back to try the other items.   * 10% discount given of you live in the painted dessert community *
