4 Great location if you're into golfing. Only downside is that it's a little too far from the action of the city.
2 I got suckered into a reserving a room here based on a "5 star" rating from an internet website.  I should've known better, especially when all my usual hotels in the Phoenix area were either booked, or had very few rooms left and hence very high rates.  This place is only a half notch better than a motel.  At least the rooms weren't dirty - I think.  It was late when I checked in so at that point I didn't really care.  The only upside is the use of the fitness facility and tennis courts, which is part of an adjacent and related fitness and tennis club.  The fitness facility was certainly bigger and nicer than most hotel fitness facilities which are usually a converted guest room.  However, if I lived in the area it wouldn't be nice enough to attract me to join for an outside membership.  Really can't recommend staying at this place, unless you're looking for a really cheap place with a decent gym.  There are so many better choices for accomodations in the Phoenix metro area - either for business or leisure purposes.
4 My family and I just became members at the Scottsdale Athletic Club and Resort...and I am NOT disappointed about it at all! What a great place. The work out facility is nice, well equipped, and quiet. No one to stare at you while you work out and no waiting for machines to free up. The facilities to shower and get ready after your workout are awesome! They provide you with hair styling products and everything just in case you forget to bring yours. My sister and my mom tried out the tennis courts, and said that they had a great time doing so. I cant wait to try one of their exercise classes!  The Resort side of this place is nothing short of beautiful. I had family in from out of town, and they got a suite for a few days. It was gorgeous! Complete witha kitchen, fireplace, TV area, bedroom and bathroom. The pool is also very nice, and you can even order food to the poolside tables.   Overall, we had a great experience at the Scottsdale Athletic Club and Resort, and I still have a lot of things to try-out as a member. Looking forward to the next wine tasting :)
3 We ended up staying here for spring training because there weren't very many other options. It's not really close to anything which is a bummer. The messed up on our reservation so we had a villa the first night, which was nice but definitely not worth whatever they charge for it. Both the villa and our suite were very very dark. Almost no natural light and every room except for the bathrooms is very dark - so dark it is hard to put on makeup, find things in your suitcase, etc. Maybe it was designed for vampires? Ha. The pool was okay but definitely a family hang out area. I don't plan on ever coming back - there are way too many nicer hotels that are more convenient.
1 Very disappointing!  No room cleaning for 2 out of the 6 days.  Very noisy.  I would not recommended nor stay here again.  My husband and I returned one evening around 6:30pm and found the door to our room wide open and no one around!!  Next few days we found a note on the door that said that we had the do not dIstrub sign on which we did not and that our room was not cleaned (liars)!
5 Really beautiful room and facilities. Stayed here when I came to Arizona for spring training games. My family loves the place. The restaurant is great. Wonderful service and food.
1 I would never recommend this hotel, nor will I ever stay here again. This hotel is worse than a Motel 6, at least at Motel 6 I halfway expect it not to be exceptionally clean. The room was dirty, food left in the refrigerator from previous guests, hair in the sink and bathtub, dirt around the walls in the bathroom. The worst was coming back to our room at 10pm to find the door standing open, the blinds open and all the lights on...we were lucky and nothing was missing, but the response from the hotel just made it even worse. First I called down to the front desk immediately and spoke with DJ, her response - "I will tell housekeeping in the morning" - not an apology, not a question as to whether anything was missing, nothing! I then made sure to discuss this with the front staff when checking out and was promised a call from the manager on Monday. Still no call...I work in customer service and would get fired if I provided this poor of customer service!
