5 LIQUID CRACK.  The coffee here is *really* good and the owner was once an air traffic controller.  He reads books on quantum physics for fun! At some point he quit his job and came up with a patented roasting technique and voila - fanfriggingtastic coffee.  Last time I was there they had a FreeBSD machine as a kiosk and Internet connectivity.  Not sure if there is wi-fi or not.
5 The space is left raw and undone. It has a few black and white and color photos lining the wall, yet it is nothing like tony-esque expectations of The Village Shopping Center that you find at Hayden and Via de Ventura, yet its perfect in and of itself.   I asked for a large coffee (24 oz., $2.46). Okay, so its a little pricey, but the coffee roaster is there, on the property, and right in front of you. The intoxicating aromas (from the roasting) that fill the room will convince you to pay any price for this coffee.  I had the Costa Rica blend today - there's a sign that says - "if you're on the patio and would like a refill, its .50. If you leave and come back, please pay for another coffee." I totally understand because when I finished my 24 ounces, I almost drove back.  I'll be back.
5 I met D.D. here for coffee this morning... what a treat!  Obviously, the company was what I went for, but I was really pleased with the entire experience... I entered to a warm and cozy atmosphere and D.D. (who arrived before me) was saving a seat for me in a ridiculously comfy chair.  Not only that, but she treated me to a perfectly concocted, just the right temperature, medium soy latte.  There was a good flow of people coming in and out while we sat and chatted, but it wasn't distracting at all.  I saw several people working on their laptops, and I noticed that the employees were smiling and that there was a variety of breakfast items to choose from as well.  It's a little bit out of my way, but a pleasant place to go to grab a cup of coffee and read, work, or do whatever it is that makes you happy... I'll be back for sure!
4 The coffee here is oh so good and can't hurt that the coffee is roasted on site. Some comfy chairs and a couch.. who wants to go back to work after sitting down in a big comfy chair with the aroma of fresh coffee?! haha.   Some new paint on the walls and more art work, not to mention guy playing guitar and singing on Fridays (only day i see him there...) makes it a can't miss. Free WIFI too.   The breakfast sandwhichs and burrito's aren't the best but the pastries are damn good.
5 This place has the best coffee I've ever tasted.  We've been addicted for 4 years.  They roast their coffee on premises using scientific instruments to ensure the beans are roasted to perfection.  The coffee here just tastes so much better than other places.  They also have really good sandwiches, pastries, etc.  They have recently repainted, added lighting and put new artwork up, the atmosphere is really laid back, the staff is friendly.  Highly Recommended.
4 Walked 2 miles to get here with my baby in a stroller just an hour ago.  My order, a 20oz quad ice soy mocha.  Normally at a place like Starbucks 4 shots in 20oz just doesn't do it.  I get four shots in a 12 or 16oz drink there.  In this case, four shots did it and it tasked really good.  The atmosphere of the place is OK, not bad, not great, and the coffee is really good.  As far as the atmosphere goes, normally I hang out in Boulder, CO and we have some really great places there, so I'm comparing against some of the best.  I would certainly stop in again.  TIP: The place does not face the street.  It's on the flip side of a building in a small corner outdoor mall.
3 Best drip coffee on tap in the Valley that I've had.  They roast their own beans right there in the tiny location and keep it simple - ususally just 3 or 4 varietals available.  Bagels are above average and hit the spot with the large soup-bowl sized coffee when dining here.   Limited seating though, irregular roasting schedule and irregular availability of beans.  Barrista drinks aren't anything to write home about, and they have very limited hours and parking is often bad.  So it's a hate/love situation for me.  Beans to go, and maybe a drip coffee to go - fine.
3 I met my friend Sam here. I read Gabi's review and I thought I should try this out. The place was neat and the people were friendly which put a smile on my face :)  I wish they had more selection on their menu, but all in all, it was a good experience.   Wouldn't mind coming here again and just relax with a cup of java.   They have free Wifi for those people who can't part with their laptops. Lots and lots of comfy chair to lounge around which is absent in most of the independent coffee shops, YAY for that!
5 GREAT place and GREAT coffee. Feels like a coffee house in San Francisco. The coffee is excellent and the people who work there are always wonderful !
4 Excellent iced mocha. Friendly staff and fast service. I was on the run so didn't stay to check out the snacks, though I will be back.
5 The best coffee in Phoenix and the surrounding area period. Its the smoothest and most flavor full cup of coffee I've ever had. If you have the opportunity to go , do it.
4 Great coffee is hard enough to find amongst the national brands that spring up around central and north Scottsdale. These local hangouts with great coffee are typical around Phoenix. There are even a couple that have sprung up around old town (D'lish, etc..). Despite how busy they always are, the service is fast with a genuine kindness.  In other words, it didn't feel forced like the over zealous and obnoxious teenagers that you find at Coffee Bean and Starbucks.  We need more independently owned spots like this up north!!
4 Awsome coffee, neat atmosphere. I would recommend trying it.
4 Being from the Northwest, I'm always on the look out for a good coffee place.  No, not the wild exotic mixed coffee concoctions, but just your basic strong coffee that tastes like it was brewed in an old enamel pot on a camp stove.  Although most of the corporate coffee shops have their "bold" coffees, they just don't do it.  And throw in some bagels, muffins, pastries and reading material, and I'm good. So I stopped by here with some friends the other day, and was pleasantly surprised.  They do their own roasting and grindings, and have really good flavorful coffee.  They also have pastries, muffins, and minimal  sandwiches.  It is nicely decorated with a few really comfortable chairs on the inside with counter seating and tables.  There is also outside seating that is really pleasant on those warm Arizona mornings.  A plus is that they have free WiFi, and newspapers and magazines for comfortably relaxing over that morning cup of coffee.  Surprisingly, although  I have been back several times, I haven't tried any of their food or pastries. To me, it is all about the coffee, and great doses of caffeine.  For that, they get four stars.  They have the best tasting coffee I have found in the Phoenix area, and although they don't always have their strongest available, I can always find one that I like.  It has now become my morning hangout.
4 Villager the coffee Pillager. Yes this is a great cup of coffee, the barista was well versed in his craft, and the coffee was delis'. Village Coffee roast the coffee on the premise and they have some very exotic single origin beans.  Also add free wifi and you have one of the best spots in Scottsdale to drink a great cup of Joe.  If it was sooo good why not 5 stars? Mostly I give out 5 stars for the most perfect place of all time, and that is hard to come by. The main reason for only 4 stars is that I was unable to try the brewed coffee as they had already dumped it out.  The cons are basically some pretty odd art on the wall, and the whole bean coffee is a bit overprices. They also do not have tee shirts, or any logos on the bag of beans, so you don't know what is in the bag or were it came from. The seating is a little limiting also for groups bigger then four.
5 Okay, I'm a total coffee snob! Baristas NEED to know what they are talking about so they can explain it to me- haha! This place has coffee down to an art form! They have their own top of the line roaster so everything- everything is done in house. The barista's are more than willing to answer any question you have about the coffee they serve or coffee in general. They are all very knowledgeable an excited about what they do! From the couple of times I went there during my stay in Scottsdale, it seemed like a community coffee shop where eveyone knew each other and took time to invest in their relatioships over a good cup of 'Joe'. If I lived in AZ, that would definitely be my spot!
2 I thought my mocha was very good.  However, I used the bathroom and there was no toliet paper with the dispenser hanging on the wall by a thread.  Also, whoever the worker was that came in last Sunday to roast beans, he did not wash his hands but started handling everything behind the counter.  A little updating to the decor would not hurt either.
5 My coworker and I go here often.  We know the staff and they are always helpful and nice.  One thing they do well is a good cold-brew coffee.  The other thing they do right is their bread and baguettes.  Go there to try any soup they have on special.  They also do a great short rib sandwich on occasion.  In this part of Scottsdale there really isn't any place that is close for indie coffeeshops.    Parking is the only complaint as the bank next door has RESERVED signs up on more than a few spots.  So does TCBY and some of the other businesses in the shopping center.  It has gotten a lot more bearable in the summer months, however.
1 Purely on the espresso... not good.  I did not have anything else.
3 This place is cute!  I've come here a few times on the weekends, and have never had a bad experience.  I will say, it's nothing out of the ordinary.  No magic coffee or special food that puts it above and beyond the competition...but no complaints either!  I DID try their BLTA (bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado) sandwich, and it was heavenly. Would definitely order it again.  They have a nice patio are where you can bring your dogs and sit and read the paper, or chat with friends.  Pretty cool place!
3 I wasn't overly impressed with my skinny latte. Espresso was on the weak side and the service was slower than I anticipate to receive from a coffee shop.
5 This is the best coffee house in AZ; they have the best red velvet cupcakes.
4 My Americano was way better than starbucks ........ and its next to TCBY yummy!
4 What a great place...in a great location...with truly one of the great (if not the greatest) coffee roasts in the valley.  While located in the fairly swanky Scottsdale Mercado complex, as soon as you open the door you feel like you're in one of those cosmopolitan/bohemian shops in San Francisco, Settle or New York.  I guess that can be an awful thing when the execution feels forced or fake, but the 'vibe' here is authentic, and the quality of the coffee (and diverse menu of espresso drinks) bears out the authenticity of this shop.  I'd also highly recommend the sandwiches, which can range from 3 stars to 4.5 stars (BLT), but lets face it, you're going there for the coffee.  You won't be disappointed!
5 Hands down THE BEST coffee in town. Lisa, the owner, (the coolest chick in Scottsdale) is committed to putting out the best, and most diverse selection of coffee from around the world, and is truly passionate about her work. She can tell you about every coffee she has in her store, including the notes, flavors, nuances, etc. What more can you ask for?   I'll tell you. Free wi-fi? They have it. Comfy chairs? Got those too. Displays of local artists selling their photography, and art on the wall? Yep. And she picks legitimately talented artists to display in her shop.  Also, for those of us really addicted to her coffee, she'll mail you coffee to WHEREVER you may be, FPO/APO addresses included. Good coffee is a must even in inhospitable environments. ;)   Thanks Lisa for giving me the greatest cup of coffee ever!
5 Great coffee & lunch spot with amazing homemade baked goods, soups and sandwiches (and occasionally the best Mac & Cheese I've had). I'm not a coffee drinker so I can't comment on the coffee, but my coworker raves about it.  Lisa (owner) is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about coffee, and it shows in the care she takes with every aspect of the shop.  Lisa and her staff are friendly and make you feel at home. Local artists' work on display and free Wi-Fi available.
5 I love the down to earth vibe at the Village.  They are really friendly and  I love all the changes to the decor they recently made.  The patio is nice - a really great place to sit and read.    I also really adore how there is a lot of fun (local) art up on the walls.  Oh - and the coffee is super good, too!!  :)  I love my Americano with Steamed Soy .  Best Americano in Phoenix!
5 This is the best coffee in town, some of the best coffee anywhere.   The quality starts with the roast, done in-house to perfection. If you've grown up on the bitter, burnt beans of the ubiquitous chains, this coffee will come as a revelation to you. And just as much attention and care is given to the brewing and pulling of shots (of course with filtered water) as to the roasting. The result is smooth, complex ambrosia where the individual characteristics of different beans can shine through.  While the coffee is sublime, there's little snobbery about it at Village. No one will look askance at you if you order an americano, a mocha, or a latte with more flavors than a Baskin-Robbins. But I do recommend trying the espresso straight at least once. You shouldn't miss out on that.  There's a limited food menu - sandwiches, soups, salads, pastries - and they're all fine. But, if you can come in on a Thursday or Friday, you might be able to snag some of the short rib before it's all gobbled by the regulars. That's a whole other level of delicious, rubbed with spices and braised in the shop's delicious espresso.  With some major remodeling just complete, the Roastery is more cosy than ever with an ample patio area and some very cool new architectural details inside.  Good coffee, good food, a comfortable atmosphere, and a cool owner. What more could anyone want?
3 I found this place just by plugging "coffee" into my GPS. It was fairly easy to find. I ordered an iced chai with a shot of espresso. Pretty tasty. I also ordered the lunch special:  short rib sammie with a side salad. I thought the prices were a tidge steep. $3.50 for a small iced chai? $9.75 for  a sandwich? While the sandwhich was tasty, I'm nearly certain it wasn't worth what I paid for it. I may be willing to test this place again and just skip the food.
3 Quaint coffee joint, my iced latte' was fine, but the barista BANGING metal to metal to dislodge the grinds, gets old very quickly.  There is a better way to do that, and one more conducive to a relaxing environment.
5 This place was a much needed hangout spot when I lived in Scottsdale for the summer. As a college student I really wanted to find a laid back low key place to grab a coffee and enjoy the atmosphere...not something that I get from the local Starbucks. Talk about a amazing crowd!! The place has its own regulars and the owner is beyond generous to her customers. The coffee is EXCELLENT and fresh and the food is amazing for the price. Best pick is the Village Salad, huge portions and fresh taste! My favorite part of the place is the decor. Large paintings and eclectic photography line the walls and the overall feel of the place is quaint and creative. When you walk inside the shop there is an immediate sense of community and this is a definite place to return again and again for good eats and good conversation with the friendly staff.
5 On my quest to find a new place to get my beans I found the Village Coffee Roastery..... My search is over. The Village has given me a new addiction in their Sumatran beans. I won't get anything else. I also ordered an espresso there and it was great.
5 Best coffee in AZ. Roasted perfectly for the most flavor and smooth taste. Craig did a great job here, I think the new owner learned from Craig. I have never had better coffee. Just fantastic.
4 great little coffee shop. They have great options for take home coffee as well.
4 First off, the fact that there's an independent "coffee is actually our priority" kind of coffee shop in this part of town is... well, refreshingly wonderful.  High Points:  - The drinks have been consistently good, from the sweetened, blended frozen nonsense to the espresso shots. - There's a very local feel (art, photography, mismatched furniture, etc.) - Employees are prompt and friendly, but not contrived or creepy. - There are comfortable couches for studying, using the wi-fi, or being a hipster upon. - It smells great.  Eh: - It can be loud.. not so loud so that you can drown out your friend's voice, but loud enough so that becoming deeply engaged in Hamlet might prove a difficult task. - Food. It's as if they poured their soul into the beverages and the food came as an afterthought. Unless you're going into hypoglycemic shock or your stomach is eating itself, skip the real food and order a pastry. They're huge, and not aesthetically appealing, but at least they're tasty.  Nutshell review: Get the drink, skip the food, stay awhile.
5 The almond milk latte is the best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had, I said it's the f**king best.  Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make up on, that's when it's the tastiest, I hope it don't take that wrong.  But in all seriousness, it's fantastic - strong without being bitter, creamy without inducing a weight gain epidemic (I'm glaring at you, Starbucks), and it sure as hell wakes me up enough to put on real clothes instead of wearing sweat pants all day.
5 This place is amazing! My husband and I stopped here after a pretty blah dinner at Grassroots Kitchen and Tap.  My husband got a black eye (2 shots of espresso and drip coffee,) I got a hot chai tea.  I took a sip of his coffee and it was really good!  He enjoyed it as well.  I feel like a lot of the people that say the coffee is weak here are just used to the burnt bitter garbage they get at Starbucks and don't know what real coffee should taste like!    My chai tea was fantastic.  It's probably the best chai I've ever had.  Their menu is pretty limited but if you're looking to just get a really good cup of coffee/cappuccino/latte this is the place to go.  The girl behind the counter was also really nice.  My husband pretty much asked what every single drink on the menu was and she answered all of his questions with a smile, and was happy to give my husband 2% milk for his coffee since he doesn't like half and half or skim which is what they had out.  It's also really nice to support a local business instead of a huge corporation.
5 The hubs & I LOVE the Village Coffee Roastery. We typically ride our bikes up the greenbelt on the weekends to grab a coffee and a bite for breakfast.  The place is BUSY on weekends, but the food was served quickly, and hot. Here is a recap of this past weekend's visit:  The hub's mocha was good - better than he usually gets from Starbucks. I had a large coffee, which  I take black, and this coffee was strong, but smooth.  For breakfast we ordered a breakfast burrito w/ sausage, and a croissant sandwich with ham. Both were DELICIOUS, and the portion sizes are larger than we expected, but the quality is what we had come to expect.  It's a great little spot, locally owned, and full of friendly people. Very much worth the ride to get here :).
4 I went here this morning after mehkfast at Butters to fulfill my coffee needs and as part of the Coffee Tour of PHX!!! It was a bit busy, but we didn't have to wait long for our lattes. I like the atmosphere in the coffee house but found the lady singing outside was a bit annoying... and their pastries looked pretty good....but I didn't eat one (self control FTW!). The coffee reminded me of Cartel a bit, it was strong without being too strong. The latte was well made. I would come here again if I were in the neighborhood, but there are equally good or better coffee houses that are more convenient for me.
5 OK, I didn't want to have to do this, but there are some idiots who don't have brains to blow out, though they should try (was that too harsh?)  I lived the last 4 years in Seattle. I *KNOW* what good coffee is. In Seattle, I lived across the street from Cafe Vivace and worked a block from Cafe Vita, and walked my poodle past Stumptown. I probably drank enough coffee to kill a herd of hipster buffalo during that time, and I don't remember sleeping much. My point: I'VE GOT COFFEE CRED.  I've tried some other indie coffee joints around, but the Village Coffee Roastery makes THE BEST in AZ. in my not-so-humble opinion.   The service is GREAT, the place is clean. I haven't eaten any of the baked stuff or sandwiches, so I can't vouch for that. Seems other people I observed like it well enough. But, that's all just window-dressing to the main attraction : COFFEE.   So if you are expecting Mc.Crappy coffee or StarCrap's coffee, you may be disappointed because your tastebuds are on ass-backwards.   But, if your mouth is not paralyzed and you know what good coffee actually is and tastes like, then you will love this place.   Just tell Kent I sent you, and he'll serve you up just right.
4 This place may have the best espresso in town. It is a darker roast and is incredibly smooth. The espresso shot was pulled just right: no burnt after taste and a perfect creme. The toddy was also amazing. It's a dark toddy and is not so watered down like other places that attempt it.   Based on coffee alone this place easily gets 5 stars. I am not so sure about the food. I'll give it a whirl next time. Service was nothing special but when you are just ordering coffee you would have to go out of your way to give bad service.   I'll be sure to return soon to update y'all!
4 4 for coffee and brunch food. Great coffee and expresso. Food is brunch and very good. Try quiche, potatoes, tuna sandwich awesome. Say a 4 for basic brunch food and drinks.
5 I have finally found a place that puts Starbuck's to shame!  Let me tell you how long I have been looking for an alternative to a regular coffee shop that is in Scottsdale and serves better drinks than Starbucks.  I think the reason I love this place so much is the alternative drink options:  my personal favorite is the Almond Milk Chai Latte.  Yes that is right a latte not made from cows milk, but almonds instead.  It is creamy and delicious!  I get mine with a shot of espresso added.  The quiche is fantastic as well.  I am in love with the Asparagus cheese freshly baked in the morning.
4 I have to say, I'm pretty surprised that this place isn't rated a little better. I thoroughly expected it to be a 4 - 5 star place with a ton of reviews. (of course, it is in a fairly sleepy shopping center)  While my experience here has been limited to scattered mornings in which i'm playing hooky from work, I really wish it was closer to home and I could be more of a regular. Their drip coffee is good, and the iced americano i got this morning was great. I can't speak to the rest of their drinks.   Food-wise, I've only ever had the quiche and the occasional cookie... both amazing. I would try a breakfast sandwich, but honestly, I never get past the quiche. It's just always so good. They always have a good selection of flavors (cherry tomatoes and basil, red peppers & feta, spinach, etc.) and they're always delish. The one thing i will say is I wish their menu was a little better explained. Maybe they have printed take-out menus that I haven't seen that offer more explanation, but there's a fair number of "named" sandwiches that give you absolutely no clue as to what's on them. And for a guy that's both a) adverse to asking questions, and b) wants to avoid being the guy that holds up the entire line.... this is a hurdle. (also, while everyone I've dealt with is perfectly nice,  for some reason I do always get the feeling that everyone in there is part of one big in-the-know "clique" and i'm the visiting outsider. Maybe they just get a super high number of regulars?)  All in all, i'm still perfectly content to jump off the 101 a few stops early every now and again, enjoy a great cup of coffee and a fantastic breakfast, and get a nice start to the day.
4 I stopped by this place after having went to Butters, which is in the same complex. Now I'll admit, my coffee tastes aren't sublime- I tend towards more Starbucks than not. Horribly mainstream, sad to say. And you'll find going in that the menu is quite spartan, without complicated descriptions, which leave you... having to ask the counter staff, gasp!   No fear. They're super nice. I actually did ask for a macchiato the first time I was there, and when the guy made sure it was what I wanted the clueless, blank look on my face prompted him to ask me a couple more questions. To which I ashamedly admitted that when I think macchiato it means I just want something like my skinny caramel one at Starbucks. But he just smiled, said no problem, and jumped right into it! And man it was delicious. He did say something about vanilla and caramel and whatnot, but really, it was just delicious, and that is that.  He also mentioned that they add 2 espresso shots in there, not just one. So voila! More bang for your buck.  The place is a really neat little joint. The decor is great, I love the art for sale on the walls and the teal velvet armchair by the front door. The outside is also dog friendly, which is very, very nice. Now I don't live anywhere south Scottsdale, unfortunately, but I do like this place enough that it warrants a stop in anytime I'm in the locale.
5 I too along with others have been delightfully surprised at how great this coffee shop is.  Let me just say this, I don't think it is a coincidence that today I parked next to a car from Seattle.  I usually get the Americano which is great, and I too agree it blows Starbucks away.  This shop is located near my work so I always find time to stop in.
5 What can I say but this place knows coffee very very well... I frequent at many coffee shops in the  valley and I'm a coffee connoisseur. This place has a very good espresso machine. Most of the time my lattes are made perfect. Sometime if they have a new employee making my drink I can tell they need a little more practice. It does take practice perfecting the art of making perfect lattes.
4 The only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating is because in wish the outdoor seating area were larger.  Great coffee and the breakfast sandwiches are large and delicious.  My husband and I love to walk the Greenbelt here.
5 Only had a drip coffee but it was far better than most drip coffee you get elsewhere.   Nice outdoor space and good wi fi.
4 I really need to spend more time in Scottsdale.  This local joint is friendly and unassuming.  My colleague and I just had coffee.  If this was just the daily blend, everyone who comes here is spoiled.  The coffee was rich and delicious.  I look forward to my next visit.
4 My gf drags me in here. I don't drink coffee often. Seems like a nice place. She likes their lattes. The barista is cute. Not much else to say.
5 This is my favorite coffee shop, I will drive 10-15 miles out of my way to come here. Not only is the coffee way better than anywhere else around, the staff are always so nice and all smiles, even when it is very busy! I do most of my buisness meetings here! Sarah~ Eco Mama Green Clean
5 Stopped by and realized I'd walked into a real coffee place. Not Starbucks or some place with a big machine, but actual real roaster with a Seattle/Portland, or even So Cal coffee-snob feel and atmosphere! There's unique art and photography for sale and on the walls of the Village Roastery.   My first trip I order a Large iced, non fat latte to test out their coffee. Perfectly done...no burning or over-roasting detected. I tried a shot of espresso, also the same day. Second trip was equally great. Third trip the guy's already asking, "do you want your usual?". I switched it up and went with a hot drink for a change of pace.   Every trip was consistent and excellent. I really like the ambiance and I LOVE their coffee!
5 This place is so cool I can't say enough good things.  I don't come to Scottsdale as often as I used to, but I needed to sit down, fill out some paperwork and have a cup of coffee before I went into an interview at the crack of dawn this morning.  I stumbled upon this place completely by accident, and it was one of the better coffee shops I've been to in these parts.  For starters, even on a weekday at 7:30 in the morning, this place was packed! There was a group of bikers (pedal bikes not motor bikes) that had just come in from an early ride all sitting outside drinking coffee and hanging out.  The inside was full of people doing what they needed to do, all professional looking. Clearly, this is the place to be!  I went with an iced coffee and a slice of banana bread to hold my stomach down while I quickly filled out some paperwork.  The staff was friendly and courteous. Despite being busy, my drink and food were ready in a jiffy.  I didn't hear them call my drink order, but the girl realized when I poked my head up from the table that I must have been looking for the coffee she just poured.    Place is nicely decorated, and has a full menu of items.  Pricing is decent, and there's plenty of places to sit, indoors and out.  Bathrooms were clean and ready to use, and overall a positive experience. I think they also have free wifi! Check this place out if your in the area....
4 I like hanging out at this place.  I usually meet my friend Anita here and we can spend a few hours chatting over coffee.  The place has a relax vibe and the coffee was very good. Besides coffee, they also have several items for breakfast and sandwiches and salads for lunch.  I went there on a Saturday and they have live music.  What a neat treat.
5 Great vibe here . Best cappuccino in town.
3 This place has an amazing atmosphere. The food and the coffee was spectacular, the only reason Im giving them 3 stars is because of how extremely slow they are. It took almost an hour just to get me a sandwich and an Americano. Non the less they were very friendly. Just need to speak up!
5 Finally-  great coffee I'd repeat! A roaster in Phoenix that has taste. Coming from the NW the palette is particular.  I traveled 30 minutes to get here and try...I would repeat. Nice 'breadless' breakfast, super fast and cappuccino great flavor, could use a bit smoother foam... but it 'stuck' around in the cup! Getting online was easy too. Good people watching and energy.   Cheers
5 I have been going to this place for 9 years! It's not even the closest coffee shop to my house yet I still go out of my way to stop in a few days a week. The staff is SO friendly, it's nice to see the same faces over all these years. I can see why they keep their people around because they are always so accommodating and so friendly, it's obvious they all enjoy working there :-) It makes my day to stop in :-)
5 The espresso is SO smooth! I ordered the iced soy latte to give it a try and it didn't need anything added to it-it was perfect. I liked it so much I went back the next day, even though it's totally out of my way, just because it was that good! The baristas are also really friendly, which seems rare nowadays. They had live music playing when I was there on Sunday, which was cool. Prices are solid, I think it was either 4.25 or 4.75 for my soy latte, which is definitely fair for how deliciously amazing it was. I will definitely be back!
3 Nice spot tucked in Scottsdale, offering good ol' Joe. There's a mixture of old coffee instruments and new decor, adding a unique flavor to the cafe.  Drinks were alright, nothing special. The Hot Chocolate was nothing spectacular, and the music gets pretty loud at times drowning out any conversation. Studying or holding good convo might be a challenge here.
5 Excellent coffee! I got an iced mocha and it was delicious. Plus they made the coffee fast and were very friendly!
5 wow! waiting on a table for Butters, my buddy and i just peeked in here. in smelled so good, we had to order a coffee.   i ordered a red eye....a shot of espresso. then you take that shot, walk to the coffee stand near the door, and fill er up. holy cow...it was delicious. very strong, but not bitter strong. smooth and delicate, but not weak. i sucked that thing right on down.   it must be good....the place was packed in and out. the patio is shaded and dog friendly!
3 Waiting for a table at Butters we popped in here to grab a coffee.  The place was nice and clean, but small and packed so it felt very cramped and like you were running people over to get to the counter.  The coffee was okay - not bad, not exceptional.  The staff was very nice and the appearance of the coffee was excellent.    Likelihood of returning?  75%  Perhaps if there is another long wait for Butters (which is delicious) we'll pop in again and maybe next go round we will sit outside and enjoy the live musician if they are there again!    Give them a go if you like mom and pop feel coffee shops, but know going in that you may have to fight for a seat, and the place is small-ish.
4 What's a working girl gotta do to get her morning Cup o' Joe? I'm talking about just a regular cup of drip coffee--I don't need anything fancy in the mornings (although, I do enjoy my espresso-based drinks as well, don't get me wrong here).  Well, this place has got it! From light-roasts, to dark-roasts, to decaf, to toddies.  Pros: Local, nice variety of coffees and drinks, upbeat environment, yummy pastries, pretty decent food, nice staff, and quick service  Cons: I'm not a huge fan of their espresso-based drinks (lattes, mochas, etc.), unfortunately. Coffees and pastries (most specifically the blueberry scones) are the highlight of this shop for me.  My recommendation: I usually get a regular drip coffee with a splash of almond milk and a shot of the caramel syrup in my cup. The combo always goes well with the medium-dark roast that they prepare for the day! On a particularly hot day (which is most days in AZ), I'll get the iced-toddy (espresso beans brewed in cold water). I think I might like Cartel Coffee Lab's iced toddy better, but this does the trick!  Also, I think they do make a good iced chai/dirty chai as well. I like them here, and I don't usually prefer chai lattes when I go to coffee shops.  Overall, I wouldn't drive out of my way JUST to try the food/coffee here. But, if you're in the area, Village Coffee Roastery is definitely a great place to stop by to grab a snack and re-fill your coffee cup for the day.
1 Rude! I work nearby and come ever so often and each and every time that staff has been extremely rude to me.   It could have easily been my favorite coffee shop in the area (I rather support a local business than a national chain) but at least when I go to a national chain I know i'm usually getting excellent service.
4 Perhaps it's because I live down the road and enjoy the fact that I'm just a walk away from an iced latte, but consider me a patron.   The good:   I must confess I'm not a connoisseur of the bean, but I quite like their coffee here. It's good enough to order black and that's as much as I can ask for in a cup of Joe.   They have the choice of almond milk as a milk alternative. Most cafes only have soy milk.   Their pastries are delicious. Not the Starbucksesque cardboard crumbles, but real croissants, maple pecan danishes, and good bagels. I don't know where they get their pastries from, but they are great.   Super friendly service. The owner is often there early in the morning and seems well acquainted with the neighborhood. It's nice to hear neighborhood banter about nothing, but that could just be me.   The unfortunate: They are a bit pricey. Such is the consequence of an independently owned business, but I had to be honest. That is one thing that keeps me from going as often as I would.
5 I come here a lot. Like pretty much daily a lot. It's getting weird. Why you ask? I'm not a huge fan of chains. The espresso is great. They roast the beans in-house. They display local art. The people watching is fun. The patio is shaded and dog-friendly. The employees and owner are friendly, some might even say charming. No seriously, ask Lisa, the owner. She'll tell you she's charming.   Between my house and place of work there are at least 20 different options for coffee. The usual suspects: Starbucks, Coffee Bean, some local jobs, and even a strangely placed Dunkin Donuts. I go in the wrong direction every morning to go here though. They're fast. Even faster now that I have a pattern of ordering. The latte is usually waiting on the bar for me by the time my card gets processed.   And that, my friends, is why I have become the Duchess of this fine establishment and lived happily ever after in the Land of (soy) Milk and Honey.   (ok, that last part is a touch dramatic, but seriously, it's good here. Go.)
5 Nothing but good things to report from this spot. My chai was made perfect and was really cheap, a large was like 4$ something if I remember. Really nice girl on register with glasses. A little far from where I am, but if I'm in the area will be stopping back in :)
5 I love my coffee and know where to go in every part of town, this way I can avoid Starbucks. I much rather promote and give my money to a local establishment that takes pride in it's product. I can say without a doubt that Village Coffee Roastery is the best coffee in all of Phoenix, and possibly Arizona. Do yourself a favor and try their coffee. Their food is really great too.
5 These folks are sincere and friendly. I stop in when I have appointments in the area and upon each visit I'm impressed. For one, the coffee is delicious (Americano) and the food is good with a great selection. This place has everything you need; if you'd like  to relax on some comfortable furniture or if you're there to pull out your computer and get things done. I think the shelf, a few inches above the tables and just a few inches wide is ingenious, it's just great for getting things up and out of the way. I pulled out my Nikon D800 and took a few shots here that I'll post.
4 Awesome coffee and breakfast. They have a great system for reoccurring costumers and the vibe is awesome. Some days you can listen to live music on the patio or just enjoy the awesome vibes and atmosphere.
4 Cozy and charming. Great coffee and good food with a limited menu. Seating is limited but they have a patio and when we were there on a Saturday they had a guitarist. Patio is dog friendly. The service was friendly even though it was busy.
4 One of my favorite coffee shops - delicious sandwiches, nice atmosphere, and even a tea drinker like me can tell that they take their coffee v seriously.  They use Dilmah tea, a really nice brand.  The open-faced salmon breakfast sandwich features really nice salmon, plenty of capers, fresh tomatoes, onions and the perfect amount of cream cheese. I've had it many times and the quality never flags. Whenever I get brave and order something different, it's tasty.  The service is always pleasant and they  have stevia.
4 There is one sandwich I go here for, and it's one I crave when it's been awhile: The Cuban. It's loaded with ham, cheese, and pickles. One time they didn't have ham and made it with bacon for me. Do you understand how delicious that was? Do you?  I also get my beans here. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and the bean selection is awesome. I get the espresso. This place is always busy, but there's never a long wait for the food. I love the staff, too!
5 Recommended! Very much dig both the espresso and the atmosphere. I was sort of horrified at the sight of Coffee Plantation nearby (a tourist gift shop feel) and thought that might be the extent of what Scottsdale had to offer for coffee. Pleasantly surprised. Nice atmosphere, cool for chilling.  I keep it simple and just get espresso. It's a nice blend, and they had agave syrup in back and also several alternative milk choices including coconut milk.
5 I am a coffee bean girl - anyone who knows me knows I have a serious addiction... But at the urging of a good girlfriends husband who is a fan of this coffee shop insisted I check it out!  Service was great and their lattes were as good if not better than some of their name brand competitors. They also have a good selection of baked good and sandwiches. It is def on my rotation for coffee stops! It's also super cool that they roast their own coffee beans daily!
4 Nice place for coffee.  Apart from their quality (which would be enough to draw people anyway), they are also next to Butters.  This enables them to sell coffee to folks waiting on Saturday and Sunday morning for a seat at one of the best breakfast joints in the Valley.  Although the Roastery would no doubt prefer that people eat their food (and they do appear to have a substantial menu of items beyond the requisite pastries), I'm sure they in no way resent the spillover.    If you do decide to eat here on Sunday morning, at least you won't get the 30 minute wait for a seat.  Meal or coffee, either way, you're probably going to be pleased with your choice.  The live music is another plus.
5 Love this place! By far the best coffee shop in the valley.
5 I love this place! The staff have always been very friendly. I really appreciate that they have a bulletin board for local businesses to post their info. This is a great place to work, to promote my cleaning business, to have meetings, or to just catch up with a good friend. I often find myself driving 10 miles out if the way just to go here over a commercialized coffee place! Oh and the coffee is always made perfectly!
5 I purchased a cappuccino here which was incredible. Excellently made, robust, strong, and just enough foam to balance it.  I also had the Chai tea which was given to me as a sample, tasty but even better "dirty"  = with espresso shots!  Will definitely be back!
5 The coffee is outstanding.  Roasted fresh, on site.  But what is even more amazing is that the staff and baristas know most or at least many of the customers, by name and drink.  Customer service here is off the charts.  One other observation: unlike some other nearby shops, you can go here if you are employed or over 35 (or both) and not feel out of place.  Highly recommended.  Just don't go when I do. I am attached to my regular chair.
5 By far the best coffee I have ever had. Love the atmosphere and staff. The coffee is always perfect every single time I go in there (which is around 5 times a week, oops) and the food is amazing. It is always fresh and I always feel very welcomed when I walk in. Highly recommend
5 Great location! Nice staff. Great coffee! Clean and fresh decor.  I like the nearby coffee shop for breakfast burritos, but never was impressed with the coffee:( hope they do ok:/
3 On my days off, I like to take the time to grab a cup of coffee so I can run my errands extra efficiently.   I ordered the medium mocha, and while they had very friendly service and even created some pretty latte art, I'm never a big fan of coffee shops that sell drip coffee sitting in  large metallic canisters all day long.  The coffee itself was okay, but nothing that would push me towards making an 'out of the way' drive to get it.   If you know the difference between coffee that's made via chemex, cleaver, pour, etc. then make the drive over to Press Coffee...it's more expensive, but you'll taste the difference.
4 I love Village Coffee Roastery! I only wish it was closer to home so I could go more often! Despite this, I've been several times, usually in the morning. They roast their own beans, the employees are super friendly and everything from food to drinks is delicious! I've had their breakfast burrito (delicious!), some of their muffins (pumpkin was amazing) and their hot/iced lattes.   On the weekends they get really busy and have a live musician playing out front where you can sit and enjoy. Despite being super busy, they still get your food/drinks prepared quickly and with a smile. I've never had a bad experience here and this coffee spot is in my rotation. I will definitely be back!
5 Love this place! The coffee is great, the baristas are all friendly and they all know my drink. Even when busy, they still make drinks very fast. Great service! I frequent many coffee shops and while some May view this place as pricey, to me it's cheaper than many other shops I've been to and definitely cheaper than Starbucks.
5 Best coffee in phoenix, very friendly staff!
4 Despite the location it's easy to understand how this coffee roastery has stayed in business so long. It's all about the roast.
4 The prices may have been rated differently than Starbucks, but they are pretty similar when you retrieve your item total.  I walk into the coffee shop and greeted quickly by the cashier.  It was my first time coming to the place because I was in need of coffee. I had a little trouble with the menu deciding on what to order. So I ask her what would be good or what she would recommend.   I ended up asking her what was similar to a caramel macchiato and she suggested a vanilla hazelnut macchiato. I ordered a large and the price was very related to the venti iced latte from Starbucks but the cup seemed to be smaller than Starbucks.   With all the comparison aside, my iced latte was very good.   Customer service was also very, very, good. I would come back but maybe if Starbucks isn't open. :)
5 I love this place and go every morning.  I moved here two months ago and I was driving to the Starbuck's for a month before trying this place.  Within two days, they recognized me and knew what I wanted.  I love their crustless quiches, muffins, oatmeal.......My nonfat cappuccino is great.
4 REALLY good coffee..... one of the better almond milk lattes I've had (outside of Portland, Or ;)   ) Really cute coffee shop inside, there is some nice seating areas for lounging.    They also have quite a few menu choices, I had the breakfast burrito. It wasn't too bad, I do wish it had a bit more green chili as I could not taste it at all. They were very accommodating for my dairy allergy. Service was good, Tho I feel they could have been a little bit more peppy or friendly, but considering the area.....it was decent.   I can't say I'd come back for the food or service exactly, but I would definitely stop in for more coffee.....and that's a good thing if you are a coffee shop! (btw, they also had an excellent selection of teas for you non-coffee drinkers)
4 Comfy, groovy, easy-going coffee house that invites all the neighbors over for great tasting coffee & some mellow live music. I wish I lived closer because this is the type of coffee house I could spend lazy hours people watching, unwinding & sipping some of God's nector. Love the mix of contemporary art & old fashion lounge chairs. The location is as important to me as the taste and the taste is on point. Creamy, sweet, mild iced Americano was a perfect compliment. Food is also served here but I can't speak to that...yet! I'll certainly be back.
5 Sitting at my favorite coffee house as I write this review. I'm not sure why I've waited so long to leave a review. They roast in house and have the most delicious coffee I've ever had. Lisa the owner is a gem, always smiling and happy to see you. I've been coming here since 2003 and even though I've moved across town, I will leave early just to come here for my soy latte. Trust me, it's worth the drive. It's a great atmosphere and also a great place to meet people.
5 What a cool little coffee joint! Now, I was a little hesitant to go in here with all the bicycle guys wearing tights like they're riding in the Tour de France. It was like one of those Harley bars (In that they were a group of guys hanging out with 2 wheeled vehicles), but these guys pack themselves into tight marketing gear. Once I got beyond the Lance Armstrong wannabees you enter a cool atmosphere with acoustic guitar, local art, and the aromas of fresh roasted coffee beans and baked goods. Staff was point on and very attentive. Added to my list of top coffee shops in greater Phoenix!
5 Village Coffee is a genuine neighborhood coffee shop. We've been coming for over a year and it always satisfies us. Their coffee selections are flavorful, off the beaten path and served plenty hot! The pastries are the perfect accompaniment and if I weren't a semi obsessive calorie counter, I'd probably get one of each! Live music outside on weekends is a very nice touch too. Drop in, you'll leave smiling.
5 I do not live near Village but when I am in the area, I make sure I come in here for coffee. I love that they have different milk substitutes because i cannot have milk and everything is fresh!   They know what they are doing there and they are always attentive to what you are wanting. Even if you are not sure, they will make it a point to get you what you are in the mood for.
4 First time here, and I loved the interior as well as the friendly staff. I ordered a bagel and iced tea, and though I've had better of both, the price, service & staff stood out much more. I definitely will be returning now and again before work!
