4 LOVE this place.  The staff was extremely friendly, the spa is clean and beautiful. I go to an Aveda salon at home, and I trust that they have high standards.  I had an aqua polish ($75 and worth every penny!) A bit tricky to find, but that's only because the roads in north vegas are tricky, turning corners and changing names when you don't expect them too.   Really, this was a great experience!
4 I've been going to Aveda salons for hair cuts/color for 10 years, in multiple cities and Centennial Hills is one of the best I've been to.    The facility is clean, modern and smells wonderful.  There is a ton of parking in the area, and the staff is very friendly and always ready with a cup of coffee, tea, or bottled water for you.    The customer service is excellent, too.  I recently went there for a hair cut, and bought a bottle of hairspray at the end of my service.  When I got home, I realized I forgot it in the salon, so I called them up and they agreed to charge back the cost of the hairspray to my credit card (per my request) with absolutely no hassle.    So far, I've only been to the salon part of the facility, but I will definitely make that my first stop next time I need a massage, pedicure, etc.
5 Kristin is back!!! I've followed her from salon to salon for the past 5 years and she's worth the distance! I've had others when I first opted not to travel across town but nothing measures up. This Spa offers the perfect environment...head and shoulders over all others in Vegas. I've tried day spas, spas on The Strip, The Marriott...worldwide, I give Kristin AND Centennial Hills Spa 5 stars times many!
4 Let me first say, I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 because it is kind of far away.  My mom bought me a groupon here and a gift certificate for my birthday.  I kind of expected half ass treatment for my status as a "groupon" girl.  Boy was I wrong.  They gave me the best up and down from head to toe.  My BF is a professional athlete so I have had lots of solid deep tissue massages..when tiny Kris walked in, I thought uh oh, but she got in there deep and I was dizzy when I stood up she worked so hard.  The pedi included a great calf massage and foot scrape.  All their stuff smelled amazing.  I would definitely drive out of the way to go back to this salon and spa.
1 WORST FUCKEN SHIT HOLE PLACE! RUDE & UNPROFESSIONAL! I WOULD GIVE NEGATIVE STARS BUT I CANT i got a deal on living social.. i called, made my appointment, and was really excited for a 60 min. facial, body scrub, eyebrow shaping and tint, and parafin treatment. I was even telling all my coworkers about a great deal. When i went there for my appointment, they said they dont have me in the system. then, the receptionist comes out and tells me that i got cancelled and questioned me if i have canceled. I told him "NO.. i only called once for my appointment.. that's it" and then he says "well.. it says on the system you cancelled.." he never apologized or anything. He then had the nerve to say "I dont know what you want to do now because we are closing soon." He NEVER EVEN APOLOGIZED OR NOTHING!  I told him i wanted my refund back. He said I would need to talk to the owner who was there. In my head I thought this would be the time where I got an apology or something that acknowledge that they are sorry..  I DROVE 30 mins going there and now they say i supposedly canceled. If that was the case, don't you think i would have known and not gone! i even doubled checked my phone record if i called twice. I checked, and i called once.. the day i got my deal to make an appointment!  So the owner shows up... this is what he had to say: "Are you sure you did not cancel? Are you sure? Because we don't make those kinds of mistake." OMFGGGG are you kidding me? You are the owner and you are going to accuse me that this whole situation is my fault? Are you sure your people accidentally cancelled the wrong person in your system? This fucking place is so shitty and so rude. I do not know how they run their buisiness! DO NOT COME HERE! YOU WILL BE ACCUSED OF DOING SOMETHING YOU NEVER DID! AND THEY WILL ACCUSE YOU LIKE YOU'RE STUPID AND THEY ARE PERFECT! THE OWNER DID NOT EVEN APOLOGIZE! HE EVEN TRIED TO TALK ME TO DO ANOTHER APPOITMENT! "WE CAN BOOK YOU THIS WEEK.. THIS IS AN AMAZING OFFER.." WHAT THE FUCK! WHAT A RUDE, UNPROFFESSIONAL SPA!
5 Love this place! I've been coming here since moving to the area for haircuts and eyebrow wax/tint. Highly recommend them. Sign up for their emails, you can get some good discounts and package deals that way.
1 One of the meanest , nastiest places I have ever had the misfortune to visit.  I had been a regular with a stylist who had left, so they booked me with a new person. I asked in advance, did they have my records " oh yes!' was the new person experienced, " of course". Well they lied!! They gave me a kid , who finally admitted he had  his license 6 weeks, and did not have my records and was winging it. Well they destroyed my hair, I went for highlights and came out with total bleached fired hair. They then said they did not have time to cut it as it had taken so long to try and tone it down. I left the store looking like a bleached blond Brillo pad! The original stylist and the stylists who tried to repair were apologetic, but the management were hateful. They got very nasty and insulting. It cost me a fortune and a major short haircut at a real salon to repair the damage.
4 Great locals place to get quality pampering. It's not on scale with the resort spas but it kicks every in-town spa and salon's rear!   I love going here for massage and pedicure. See Billy for pedicure and Erica for a massage. The Rain Drop Therapy massage is heavenly!   Affordable luxury!
5 Fantastic!  Trendy, modern interior -- very "warehouse" with exposed pipes -- and friendly staff.  I had (yet another) groupon for this place and my stylist was terrific (Pizzo).  She wasn't terribly chatty, but was knowledgeable and "chill."  I enjoyed every moment of my haircut, wash, colour gloss, and style; during the setting of my gloss application, Pizzo gave me a hand massage.  Nice.  I actually believe I'll be making a return visit here, *without* groupon!  One great haircut can last months....my line of reasoning for returning to a "fancier" place!  Of course, all the products used here are Aveda, which only adds to the luxuriousness.  ;)
5 I was referred to Aveda from one of my colleagues, and she suggested I see Matt.  I loved my friend's hair, so I thought I would give it a try.  I was a little hesitant because I never pay more than $15 for a haircut, and I wasn't really interested in paying more.  But, like I said, my friend's hair is really nice so I went for it.  Anyway, I was impressed the second I walked into the salon.  The receptionists at the front were super friendly and made me feel welcome instantly.  The woman who washed my hair (can't remember her name) treated me like I was one of her friends!  After that, Matt came over to my chair to meet me and get my hair cut started.  Not only did he do a FANTASTIC job on my hair, but he wasn't afraid to give me suggestions on what he thought would look better for my face shape (even though I was originally suggesting something else).  Also, I did something dramatic and had bangs cut (after 20 years of not having bangs), and they turned out amazing!  I love, love, love Matt and will continue to get my hair cut there until either he moves out of Vegas or I do!
4 I had an amazing massage and facial here.  The facial was so relaxing, very good technique, and included an excellent shoulder massage and an out of this world scalp massage.  The massage was also wonderful, nice music playing and good firm pressure....I usually don't like a firm massage because it ends up being painful instead of relaxing.  All together, it was a great experience, the staff was very friendly, and I would love to go back again.   The only con is that the robe was worn out with little threads hanging off all around the sleeves.  They should at least cut off all those little threads if not replace the robes.
5 I am a proud-to-be-grey-haired woman.  Thanks to Groupon, I was able to take advantage of a great cut and delightful conditioning.  ViVi did a great job, inspite of being a young-woman herself, of recommending a cut best suited for me individually.  My hair feels like silk and my grey hair cut looks great! Very happy. Vivi gave me a tour of the place & now I saw how nice it really is.  Couldn't tell it from the outside.  I will call for a spa treatment now that I have seen their clean, peaceful & so calm-smelling spa facilities.   Recommend this Salon to anyone.  I will go back, definitely.
5 I've been going to Centennial Hills Salon for several years.  I have been to a few of the stylists, and am currently going to Jaclyn.  She's great!  I've also had massages, manicures, pedicures, and facials.  I've never had a bad experience here in all the years that I have been going, so that says a lot!  Their products are fantastic, and the place always smells so good.
5 My services today were 5 star. Everyone was very friendly and greeted me upon arrival. I had a manicure and pedicure with Kristin. She provides top notch service along with very skilled application of treatments. She is very knowledgeable about all services and products. My feet and hands have never felt better. The hand and foot massage given was heavenly. I will definitly continue to use this facility as well as book all my future treatments with Kristin.
2 I had a groupon for a full highlight and cut.  The place looks very...dated.  I don't think they really pulled off the modern look with fake plants and exposed pipes. The girl who did my hair was very nice and had lots of good suggestions (gave me options other than buying their expensive product at the salon). However, after 2 hours of work my roots still looked about the same maybe a stage lighter if I'm being generous. To the salons credit I'm pretty shy, so I didn't say anything about my roots at the time...The prices seem pretty steep, and I don't think I will even pay the discount groupon price for this place again.
1 Got a haircut there last week. Won't be returning. First the girl was really friendly and I had to get the conversation going at consultation. Then she used really hot water to wash my hair in, and I like hot water, but it was way to hot. Haircut was so-so. She styled it in such a way that I was embarrassed for the check out girl to see me. Product that she used on my hair smelled like 80 yr old lady. Took 3 days and 6 washes to wash it away. A week later and my head still itches.
4 Kristin is the best esthetician in town. I have been going to her for a few years now. Her brow waxing is flawless and she gives the absolute best facials. I highly recommend her!   Jenica is also amazing. I tried MANY different massage therapists from a long list of spas before finding Jenica. My husband loves her also. He could never find a masseuse who gave enough pressure for him to enjoy it and then he found Jenica and is hooked. I also really like her music playlist. It includes artists like Lana Del Ray and Coldplay (as well as many other artists) that are very calming and a nice change from the typical nature songs you hear in most spas.  The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is because I definitely feel more loyal/attached to the service providers (Kristin and Jenica) than I do the place itself. The spa is nice and the front staff is friendly, but not irreplaceable.
3 5 stars for Christina for facials - she is AMAZING! 5 stars for Erica for massages....I would give her more stars if it was available.  2 stars for Cole who did my cut and color. He thinks he's an amazing hair stylist but he needs a lot more training. I wanted to go blonde and he added a few light brown highlights and did a crappy cut.  ZERO STARS for Tammy or something like that for mani/pedi. Worst mani pedi I have ever had and it cost me over $70. Ridiculous. That chick needs to get a new career because she seriously sucks at her job. I would never, ever go back there for nail service.
5 Recently visited this salon as a recommendation and I must say that I was impressed by the center's presentation as well as my overall experience there. Turner gave me a tour of the center and that place is HUGE!  I wanted a gloss and Turner recommended I go a smidge darker (I have dark brown hair but b/c of the sun I have a LOT of highlights which made it look a little dry) which I was grateful for. By the time I left I felt like I had shampoo commercial hair #lbvs! I haven't seen my hair look so shiny and healthy since I was a young adult. Turner is AMAZING and I highly recommend her... she knows what she's doing!  Next thing on my list is a facial and then a massage... can't wait!
5 Disclosure : Heather is my "extra-daughter" and she is the hairdresser I had do my hair last week.  Heather is my eldest's best friend.  She lived with me for awhile while finishing up hairdressing school at Aveda.  With that being said, 1 week later and my hair is nicer than anyone has ever done it.  The base color and highlights look attractive, the cut fits into my lifestyle and my hair even feels better than it has in a long time.  Heather listened to my concerns about my last hairdresser and how difficult my hair had become to manage.  She is a master at color - simply superb!  I love that she's young - only 23 - and she is only going to get better and better!
4 I've been going to Centennial Hills for many years. I've had hair services, massage services, facials and body treatments. I've had many different people perform these services. It seems like there is a high turnover rate. I've stopped getting hair services there because I followed my stylist to her new salon. There were only 2 massage therapists I liked but it's been a while since I've had a massage there I'm not sure they still work there.  Kristen is definitely a 5 star esthetician. I've been going to her for the last 2 years. She'll ask what is going on with your skin, take a look at it, and treat it accordingly. It isn't the same treatment every time. She's very good with massage as well. For the facial massage she starts with the chest and shoulder then gives the face a thorough rub. It's a completely relaxing experience sometimes it puts me to sleep. If you're looking for a good facial Kristen is the one to see!
5 I have been getting massages for over 10 years, and all over the WORLD... I have obviously had some really good experiences and some absolutely horrible experiences but I will be honest, none stand out more in the positive regard as my experience here... The atmosphere was extremely soothing and comforting... This was my first time here and I had no clue who to ask for but it was my birthday and I wanted a place that had high reviews, was close to home and a bit more upscale... I was given Erica as my massage therapist... I can honestly tell you that she now has all of my business here on out when it comes to massage... She was so on point with everything she did and I was more relaxed than I have ever been in a massage... She had just the right amount of pressure and she truly knew exactly what she was doing from start to finish... The entire experience here was excellent and I HIGHLY recommend having Erica do your massage... I had a 90 minute massage and will never get another 60 minute again... I am sticking with the 90 from now on... Definitely a TOP NOTCH massage...
5 Melissa is amazing! I would recommend her to anyone! I have never walked out disappointed.
5 I've been coming to Centennial Hills Day Spa for about two years for hair coloring, cuts and styles. I've also had the spa pedicures and a massage once. This place rocks! I come monthly to get a blow out and they give you a neck massage and a hand massage. While all of the hair stylists are great, here are my favs:  Tenithia - master stylist rocks color, cut & style Melissa - never had a cut but her styles are great and she's doing the color on Thursday Vanessa - color, style and great scalp massages Turner is always booked but she's so cool no wonder everyone requests her!\ Amanda does an amazing blow out and style - very unique I've only had Paige and Kim once but they both rock!  PS - The spa pedis are amaging as well. You can tell I love this place!
5 I love this place! Been going here for two years for my hair cuts, colors and conditioning treatments. The staff is very welcoming, you are greeted and offered tea or water upon arrival. They have recently renovated the space and it is beautiful. Highly recommend.
5 J'Me is so great!  Once I found her, I stopped searching for waxing services at other places.  She has a great memory, she's patient, understanding, and so friendly.  The entire staff, that I've dealt with, does their best to create a calm environment, they are on top of client needs, and I appreciate that I'm always offered a drink whenever I come into this salon.  Go see J'me!
