4 Lovely, expensive lingerie at the Forum Shops.  Worth strolling through just to get an idea of what they offer.
4 Very very sexy lingerie. I would have given it 5 stars but I'm more of a strip down to naked rather than bother with lingerie kind of girl. Very expensive. I have a few pieces just because it's so sexy you can't resist.
5 This is my favorite lingerie shop anywhere.  Love their quality, sexy style, and clever ads.  Veronica is absolute doll who really takes time to make sure you *love* your selection, which is nice when you're dropping major $$$ on something that only you and a few other lucky people will ever see!
5 SCHWING....GA GA GA GA GIGGIDY GIGGIDY.........This place very sexy. Teasing old school lingerie - great  lines and designs. Hey I like to watch :) I would actually like to stand outside and hand out Ruffee Coladas...OH YEA!
4 Yowza. This place is sexydirtyhot. And I like it.
5 If I was a girl I would *so* want to buy everything here and dance around the house in my lingerie all day long.  The place is a visual treat whether you are capable of buying something for yourself of picking up something for someone you know who has boobs.  The staff here is wonderful as well.  The first interaction I had with them was a conversation about my tattoos rather than being pestered about whether I was shopping for *someone special* followed by the hard sell.  In fact they seemed to be happy just having me browse around the shop taking in all of the bras, panties, riding crops, and whatever.  Just a Note:  girls with big boobers should not shy away from this place.  They have a very nice selection of items for sizes that are normally not carried in the other big name lingerie stores.
5 Dead Sexy!  Oh yeah, and if you plan on trying stuff on, make sure you wear presentable unmentionables.  Why?  A salesgirl come into the room with you to help with fit and sizing.
5 I have always been jealous of celebrities on TV shopping here, so I was thrilled during my last Vegas trip to see they had a store here!  All the underwear was so cute and sexy- I'm really a fan of that combination and they pull it off well, making things simultaneously naughty and nice.    $150 for a bra is steep to me, but I really insist this store has the cutest underwear I've ever seen, ever, so if I had that kind of budget, I'd be all up on it.    Kudos, A.P.
5 the boutique is gorgeous its like every girls dream boudoir brought to life. the chandelier in the dressing room is beautiful.
5 Overpriced yes, but sexy as hell :) Their website is fun, well done, and has a peepshow game.
5 I must admit, I've never been in the store.  BUT  I've seen AP stuff in action, and I give it three thumbs up.
3 Overpriced.  I spent about $300 on bra, underwear, garter, and stockings.  If you have boobs bigger than a C, don't expect to find your size.
5 People say that when you're beautiful on the inside, that it makes you more beautiful on the outside. I completely agree with this statement, and on a variety of levels. I don't enjoy walking out of the house dressed without knowing that what I've got on underneath not only does it's job (yes, make them look better, you know what I'm talking about), but that IT LOOKS GOOD. If you're not looking to spend four hundred dollars on a bra, and one fifty or two is better, I would highly recommend the sexy and well fitting line of Agent Provocateur. The "pin-up" version of La Perla to me, their bras, panties, and teddy sets are out of this world. Edgy and young, they are provocative, and evocative, reminiscent of Betty Page and Dita Von Teese, and who wouldn't want to be compared while standing in their danties to them? I would!   The sales staff of this petite lower level Forum Shops boutique is wonderfully helpful. They found everything I've ever needed, ever wanted, and everything that not only I, but all of my lovers have ever dreamed of. Rouched lace and fleur des lys printed satin, corseted teddys and thongs that just hug every curve, and keep your lovelies in just the right place, up. I have a small rib cage, and, ahem, larger breasts, so it's difficult for me to find a 34 in larger cup sizes. They always have many options for me, and sometimes I walk out with every piece that fits me like a glove. Many pieces are slightly lined, wonderful in that chilly weather unless you're looking to make a very obvious statement about your body heat (i.e. that you are extrememly cold right now). I find their panties easy to take care of, even though they say not washable, I have washed them many times with wonderful outcomes on the gentle handwash cycle. Their push up bras are a dream, giving every woman the perfect look of lush cleavage in that perfect LBD that we all have and just love to rock. Located downstairs from Sushi Roku, one of my absolute favorite sushi places on the west coast, I love to shop at Agent Provocateur and then stop on level three and have a delicious bite before starting the enticing events of the evening in my fabulous Las Vegas. I find this store much more helpful and the staff better than my hometown store located in San Francisco. I love their little sexy lined booth-style dressing rooms with just the right lighting so you can see what's wrong with the cut if there is anything wrong, and you can defnintely see what's right, very very important.   There's nothing like walking out of a store with bags upon bags of incredible lingerie that you just love to live in. Getting dressed, and undressed has never been so fun. I thank Agent Provocateur, and I know my lovers do too.
4 Cute lingerie and knowledgeable and friendly staff that don't make you feel awkward and uncomfortable.
4 This store is clean, lush, and super sexy. I loved everything in here. The staff was friendly (and hot!!!). The best thing was the totally luxe dressing rooms, oh man I wish I could live in there.
4 This store is always a fun stop shop. It's clean, full of sexy sexy items and hottie staff.  The dressing rooms are like these lil luxury studios.  There is no feeling scared, unsure or awkward in here. The staff have just as much fun as you in here. Not only are the store's staff awesome but the sizes that are available are great too. The wrapping is adorable, like VS, but somehow just better. Of course, with the cost. . . i wouldn't shop here drunk! that would be a bad idea.
5 I am a local Las Vegan, a bit on the chunky side and very much a 'jeans and tee shirt' girl. I busted into AP late tonight looking for something sexy for Valentines Day. I literally threw myself on the mercy of the gal working the store and she did everything she could to make me feel comfortable, welcome and special.   She helped fit me into a very sexy sheer bra and pantie set, hooked me up with a matching garter and insisted I go with the super hot fishnets and skip the 'every day' stockings.   They asked about my tattoos, when I was getting married, what my plans for Valentines were and asked me to come back in and tell them how my weekend went.   I am not a lingerie type of girl, but I had no problems dropping the cash on these pretty dainty bits of lace and ribbon. I will admit, I got very lucky and got the items I wanted (I didn't even look at a price tag) for less than $160 out the door. This included a bar, thong, garter and stockings. They happened to be marked down at that moment, so I was very lucky but I foresee spending a small fortune here in the future.   Definitely worth the schlep down to the Forum shops at 10:30 p.m. on a Thursday  night.
4 I popped into this AP location in the days following Christmas 2008.  I'd purchased a few items online prior to this and was a fan of the merchandise already.  It's pricey (at regular price, at least), but it's a nice occasional treat to give yourself (or your special someone).  The sales associate here was friendly and helpful, but not overly so.  I think she realised that I was going to drop a good chunk of change so she sort of kept showing me stuff, but didn't go out of her way to be helpful other than that.  The store is very clean and well organized.  The dressing rooms are spacious enough to comfortably get in and out of everything and the sales girls know their merchandise well.   I spent nearly four figures and got three sets of lingerie.  The nice thing about most of AP's stuff, though, is that it isn't just for show.  It's good functional lingerie, so you can feel a little better about dropping a fair bit of cash on it.
5 Super sexy store....way bigger than the SF location! The girls there were super sweet and had a no pressure attitude...which is nice in the high-end shops! Love the staff uniforms....very cassic! Def. don't need any more lingerie, but love looking around!
5 Damn Forum Shops for having an AP and La Perla in the same place!!! I like this AP more than the one on Melrose, it's classier and a nicer environment to shop in.  The lingerie quality is good, and the style is very different from LP.  Staff is helpful but knows when to leave you alone as you ponder dropping $$$ on a beautiful lace bodysuit (I succumbed)  Overall a nice place to look, try on, maybe buy.
5 Oh MY! I LOVE this place.  First of all, it just drew me in with all the pretty, girly things on one side... and, all of the naughty things on the other side.   Continue on to the back, and you'll find all the pasties, and bling-blinged riding crops one could want.  The sales lady there was awesome, and by that I mean she was down-to-earth, friendly, helpful, and just a fun person... I told her things that I've only told the old man - that's how comfy she made me feel.  Naughty, nice, pretty, and raunchy... all rolled into one big happy, dysfunctional family.  Yes, the items are on the pricey side, but if you're nice (or naughty) you will be let in on some wonderful sale items.
4 WOW.  Really impressed by this place.  The staff are dressed in sexy attire and are really stunning.  I wasn't really in the market to purchase new sexy stuff but it was fun to look around.  The sales staff were really helpful and didn't mind us posing next to the mannequins.    If I ever return to Vegas, I'm definitely hitting up this gem!
4 There's very few good purveyors of lingerie.   Sure it's expensive, but I only have one set of tits and they're worth it. Lingerie is supposed to be an indulgence, a feeling, a spectacle.  I get a luxe feminine feel which is what separates these delicate and beautiful lingerie from "underwear".   The quality is great so I get longevity of the item with that price. I can't complain....except I wish I can afford to buy everything and wear such things everyday and get rid of plain underwear all together.  A little secret- The world may not see it or know it, but if you know whats under your clothes and it can give you that extra boost of confidence knowing you're a sexy powerhouse.... I used to buy for no one, but myself. I wore them to everything that's important (interviews, business deals, etc.) and I always conquered with confidence when I worked a high stress job. Sounds so bad saying this but when you just feel lace on your skin while youre sitting at a meeting, makes things a bit better.....that just made me sound a bit pervy, but really it's non sexual. Seriously, dressing up helped to feel good and not be so serious in a serious world. The women that "wear the pants" and rule the business world probably is rocking something amazing under.   Now I just get for more frivolous matters, but the feeling is just the same.   Lingerie is one of the best indulgences, a wonderful feeling, and a spectacle of delightful fun and sensuality. It's something not to skimp on- definitely missing out on something that is totally the pedestal of feeling like woman.Leave Victoria Secret I Love Pink! stuff for the little girls.
5 Very helpful SA's. They're so gorg, I would always mistake them for the manakins! Easily drop a couple g's. Come prepared with your amex. Very sexy stuff! I purchase something every time.
5 I love Agent Provocateur, their items are high quality and extremely sexy.  I much prefer buying a few items here then wasting my money someplace like VS.  I received great service at this location, the sales women were very helpful and nice.  They offered me water or champagne along with help with picking and trying on various items.  This past time I came in the women was a huge help with sizing.  Some of the bras are sized very differently, and I ended up taking a full cup size up in a piece I really liked.  Had I not had her assistance I would have walked away bummed, I didn't fit right into a particular piece.   I will always come back to this location on my visits in the future.
5 One of my vacation rules is to indulge in the purchase of at least one naughty thing and when in Vegas one should go all out.   We found this store while walking around the Forum Shoppes and we were both immediately sucked into the place. Everything from the name, to their displays, to the service and the gorgeous ladies that worked that had us very excited to shop around. We spotted a beautiful full piece of lingerie and to our luck it was on sale. Which is a very good thing in this store. The Mr. also picked out some gorgeous thigh highs for me. Most of their hosiery had very unique designs and of course I pretty much fell in love with all of it. The gorgeous girl that helped me out was very honest on what would fit right for me and how things would fit a shorter person compared to a taller person. The girls that work there really seem to know their stuff to help out their clients. They add to the whole shopping experience at  Agent Provocateur.   Just by browsing around and touching all of the other pieces in the store, I could tell this stuff was great quality.  The dressing room area is just as every bit as sexy as the rest of the store.   Agent Provocateur is exactly what every girl needs in their life. This is  what a real lingerie store should be like all the time.
4 Grossly overpriced, and I love it. Fantastic customer service. The sales clerk was very professional, and let's face it, she has to be when you're standing there naked trying on lacy things and need assistance with all the dangling, jeweled accouterments.  Never any pressure to buy anything, nor was anyone looking over my shoulder accusing me of pawing the merchandise.  This is definitely worth the splurge.
4 This place is dangerous. It makes me want to buy every single adorable piece and walk around the strip in my lingerie with a cocktail in hand. Now, I would never do anything like that but this is an amazing place to grab something a bit risque, sometimes adorably sweet with a bad girl edge or just something special just for you. As any girl knows, there is nothing like wearing rad lingerie even if no one else knows it. Its a fierce feeling-like getting a hair cut and blow out, wearing those new Louboutins or that feeling when you lock eyes with a new yummy guy. Agent Provocateur can bring you that feeling! Worth every penny.
5 Such a sexy store. BUT it is in no way raunchy. I love this store. Once, I needed some double sided clothing tape because my dress was falling down and they were EXTREMELY helpful and sweet. Even though I was only buying cheap tape. It is WAY classier and cuter than Victoria's secret and other lingerie stores.
5 This place is as good as it gets for quality lingerie!  The sales staff are super friendly and don't pressure sell you like they seem to do at La Perla or Victoria Secret.  I asked for help and got it, simple as that.  I wish I would have got the name of the lady who helped me find a beautiful bra and panty set that made me feel like a super model!  Don't expect the lingerie to be cheap, it's quality lingerie and you get what you pay for.   On a side note I love the music and atmosphere in this place!
3 Yikes!  Be careful with their return policy.  I shopped here again, it's becoming my favorite place for lingerie, and I brought home a set that I was unsure about.  I decided to return the $500 set and they only do exchanges.  Bummer.  My bad- I should have checked the return policy before I bought.  Just make sure you REALLY LOVE the piece that you are buying, otherwise you're stuck with it.
4 Pretty pretty lingerie and the nicest sales associates ever.  These ladies are gorgeous and super personable!  I came by to look at the fancy underpants and slips... and I wish I could afford to wear these things!  Everything is a great quality and caters to any taste.  Cutesy, sexy, plain Jane, professional, they have it all.  You're welcome to try things on and while the store is little, they have quite a lot of merch and some fancy dressing rooms in the back.  They're also open late which might be good for some last minute purchases.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely stopping by again to see what they have... even if it's just window shopping.
5 Very friendly and helpful staff!
4 Slowly but steadily, I'm tossing out all my VS undergarments and making room for finer, sassier pieces to add to my boudoir of sorts.  Personal style can be reflected in both your outerwear and underwear (at least in my opinion). And because everyone's mind goes directly to the gutter, yes, lingerie is used on many different "occasions" ;) but it can also be worn during the daytime. Who says you can't wear an Italian bralette underneath your work uniform? No one. Like Jade W. mentioned in her review, "lingerie is one of the best indulgences." And French lace can be a confidence booster.  Kiki de Montparnasse, La Perla and AP are your main luxury lingerie designers in Vegas. I've shopped at all three and AP seems to fit me the best. In my experience, the bra bands tend to be more comfortable and have more stretch. I generally stay away from the 'risqué' designs--if you catch my drift-- which in reality take up 95% of the store. But they do have styles that you can actually wear under clothes in your regular life while still having that signature sexy AP look.  Service is excellent and I've found the girls here much more attentive. And while we're comparing sales associates, I feel the girls here are more "real". Less snooty retail girl and more actual sales consultant. As with all fine lingerie salons, your sales consultant is supposed to help you dress to make sure you have the right fit. And ladies, don't lie to yourselves when you think "you know" your bra size. You have the option of dressing solo but I suggest to let your SC into your fitting room and let the girl do her job. Every piece can vary in size and hey, it can't hurt to have a second opinion right?  I do have a rule of thumb when shopping here though. Italian-made is worth paying full-price for. However, everything else should be bought on sale. Maybe its the snob in me but imported items from Morocco, China, Turkey etc. don't deserve a $300+ price tag. Just wait till the End-of-Season when its 50% off. I think they have a Spring sale and a Fall sale. Similar to other luxury designers, I suspect they launch new collections seasonally.
5 One cool evening, I was strolling down the Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, thinking it would be like any other typical dinner night-out for Veteran's Day. Before arriving at my designated place for eating, my feet carried me past the most romantic, unique, enticing display of ooh la la's I have ever seen for such a quaint little boutique: Agent Provacateur.  Oh how adorable those quirky mannequins looked in frilly, salacious, provocative displays of pink and black silken lace--along with a background wallpaper of the shop's own "star graphic novel character", all decked out (at least for the time being ;D ) in her signature undercover brown trench coat--the Agent herself.  Oh how my secret love and desire for all things romantic, unique and classic ached my heart so much to want me to go enter that forbidden threshold, as if I were a child who has her nose pressed up on the glass, to the window that reveals the world of hidden candy goodies--in this case, eye candy goodies.  Oh how I long to be clothed and adorned in such frivolity! My secret desire, no one new--until now. To be an aspiring, glamorous retro pin-up model; to be like those classic, timeless women of the 1940's and 1950's--Marylin Monroe, Bettie Page--with such a carefree yet confident and flirty, coy attitude; a "come hither", girl-next-door personality--a secret naughty mixed with suspicious nice--that will blind the eyes and melt the heart of any man and ignite the fantasies that dance in their minds--all from the power of a single, simple, yet artistic pin-up photograph.   Oh yes, how I long for that romantic dream to be a reality! But alas! I can only remain as a Romantic with no hope. All I can do now is be like those children who press their nose against that window glass and peer into the world of secret, untouchable goodies--knowing that their dear parents will never grant them the permission to indulge their senses in that sweet ecstasy.  And so it has been done, my state of trance has been extinguished by the outrageous cost listed on the sales tag price ($200+ for a set)! Oh yes, I have strolled through the boutique and looked at the goodies through cyberspace (http://AgentProvocateur.com), and have seen the frivolous price tag for all the goods (still super expensive unless you sign up for their newsletter; you can get in on their secret, 50%-75% off sales if you do so)!  So it seems now that my hopeful reality must further be delayed; further be suspended in that intoxicating, tantalizing trance. Until then....until then....one day, I will be blessed by the fairy godmother of financial goodies, and at last I shall be that frivolous, voluptuous, vivacious pin-up bombshell that I so longed to be!  Someday....you and I shall be sinister partners-in-crime, Agent Provocateur.  * Did you know that Agent Provocateur was founded by Joseph Corré, son of the most influential fashion designer of the entire fashion world, Vivienne Westwood? Vivienne Westwood is the founding mother of punk fashion. Corré is also the son of the Sex Pistol's ex -manager, Malcolm McLaren. SEX PISTOLS! VIVIENNE WESTWOOD! How much more punk can you get? That makes the Agent Provocateur line extra special...and innocently kinky! ;D
