4 Cheese Steaks!  That's what they do ... place looks like a bar (but no liquor offered) ... very clean ... very nice ... GREAT Cheese Steaks ... with Cheese Wiz and the buns rock!!!
3 Well I think I've had my sodium and sugar intake for the week. Great cheese steaks need great bread. And Corleone's delivers. I mean on the bread. Nice, soft and fresh. I have no idea if they actually deliver. Sliced rib eye meat, grilled onions and the sauteed mushrooms I added all held together by THE WIZ baby...I'm all about the WIZ. And I rarely drink soda, but was given a humungous to go cup and I filled it half with Hi C orange fruit punch (when was the last time ya'll had HI C?) and half with Sprite. Damn good. Damn good. Finished it all off with some decent fries and watched Headline News. Place was clean. Service was great.
4 I'm all for Corleone's. Great cheese steaks in a nice atmosphere. I usually go with the original with provolone. I know, you're supposed to have Cheese Wiz, but I'm just not into processed cheese. The service is great and the people who work there are always friendly. Thumbs up to cheese steaks from Corleone's!
5 If your looking to fill your stomach, Corleone's is a favorite of mine.  While it's not the cheapest, it is worth it.  great for lunches or after a long night.    The first time I heard The Wiz it sounded like Cheeze Wiz but I was assured that it was much better than canned pressurized cheese...I was no mislead.
4 Yo, Youse guys better hit up dis joint if you know whats best for you.  According to their t-shirts, New Times likes it.  What other proof do you need?  Okay, okay.  I give it my stamp of approval too.  Here we go.  Great Philly's... They call 'em cheesesteaks, I call 'em philly's... Who cares.  Watch out though, they'll dump a bunch of cheese whiz on your sandwhich if you don't ask for provolone.  Oh, also... if you want peppers on your philly, you have to ask for it.  Great service!  We even changed our order at the pick-up window and they had NO problem fixing it!  Fries were great with the supplied... wait for it... MALT VINEGAR! Yay!!!!!!  They have state of the art ice tea machines that make you feel like a rocket scientist when you use them.  The provolone is mixed in with the steak before they put it in your buns (ouch!) so it is nice and meltilicious...  The decor is godfather meets rocky balboa with a twist of 1920's depression. Yes, yes... it IS industrial decor like all the new chains, but it fits!!!!!  Thinking of going somewhere else for a philly? Fogettaboutit!
4 After giving up on Luke's many months ago, I've been looking for a place to get my beef on. I'm not sure why it took me so long to build up my courage to try this place, but I finally ventured in today for lunch. While not the best sandwich I've had, this definitely fills the need. Juicy flavorful sandwich with super soft fresh bread.   The place is REALLY clean. They've only had 2 major health violations in the nearly 2 years they've been open. Most restaurants typically have 2-3 PER VISIT.   I had the 6" cheese steak with provolone and grilled onions. I loved that the grilled onions were thinly diced and not the typically stringy style. There was the perfect amount of them, not a heaping distraction from the great steak.   The fries were perfectly crispy (slightly overcooked, which I love) and hot.   The diet coke tasted great as well.   All this for under $10? Not too bad. I'll be back for sure!
1 Their sandwiches reminds me of cafeteria food in Junior high school.   Best used for a food fight.  Save your money and go to chipotles next door.
2 My friend really talked this place up so I was excited to try it, but we both walked out disappointed. I had the Chicken Italiano which is marinated chicken with provolone, spinach, and grilled onions.  This portion of the sandwhich was actually really good, but the bread was awful!  It seemed like it had been pulled out of a freezer. My friend was also disappointed in his cheesesteak, inside and out. The fries were quite tasty though :)  For $9 a sandwich, give me fresh bread!
2 Go for the fries!!   Use their coupon for the cheese steak. Because it seems like the gansta thing to do.   So, we were mailed a coupon for a 1/2 sandwich with fries and a drink for $5. Sounds like a smoking deal, but the best part wasn't the sandwich. It wasn't the worst thing ever, but it was meh and lacked something. My sandwich was just laying there like a bored hooker. I snarfed the fries down on my drive back to the office and they really are good. Perhaps, if I return, stuffing the fries in the sandwich would liven it up? Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps.
5 I'm surprised at the bad reviews. I have eaten at the Camelback location twice and the Mill location about five times. Every time it is great. The bread is so good! Soft, tasty, etc. The meat is so flavorful and juicy! Every time it is good! I always get the original. I have eaten at Forefathers once, and I prefer Corleone's! Much more flavorful! My Sister disagrees, but my Husband agrees. I recommend Corleone's! It is the best Philly I have had!   Oh, I almost forgot, the service! The service is amazing at Camelback, free extra cheese, etc.  The manager there is so friendly! The service at Mill has been hit and miss.  I gave five stars because it is the best I have had, but I have never been to the city to have the real thing, so I can not compare.
4 Went for lunch with 2 colleagues and we all ordered different sandwiches. All of us ate every bite and commented that the food was really good. Plus, as we went for lunch, we were in and out in about 20 minutes. And the fries are really good!
3 My coworker/friend and I visit this little "gem" only once in a blue moon just because of the prices.  If we could go based solely on the food, we'd probably be there at least once a week.  The original philly cheese steak sub with cheese wiz is to die for, but man are they overpriced!!  You can't get out of there without spending over $20 on two people for lunch... for fast food, I consider that a little on the spendy side.
3 Gotta try the Philly Cheesesteak wit Wiz. Yup- Cheez Whiz, the orange stuff from a can. It's a bit salty for my taste but not bad. I came here for lunch and against my better judgment, I went with the 6 inch....  Go for the foot long! (That's what she said.)   I also wished they gave me more fries with my meal, those are good. As I was leaving, there was an after 4 pm special so it may be worth trying after dark because unless you want to spend about $8 on a so-so Philly Cheesesteak sandwich, then go for it.   Overall, I would go again but not excitedly.
3 Not enough flavor to overcome the immediate guilt upon eating one of those sandwiches.  If I'm going to eat something that is going to shave a few months off my life expectancy I want the experience to be memorable.  And it was salty....like "Dead Sea" salty.  Maybe it's because I'm such a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I find the cheesesteak to be among the most overrated of the street foods.
3 I ended up here on a recent Friday by accident.  My first stop for cheesesteaks is now closed (apparently for awhile) so I was kind of rudderless.  Drove around for a bit until I saw Corleone's, and since I was in a cheesesteak mood, headed on it (it also helped that a sporting event that I wanted to see was on at the time and I knew they had tv's).   I'd also been to the Corleone's in Scottsdale in the past, and had remembered liking it.  I ordered the large philly (whiz witout) and no fries (though from the past, the cheesefries are great) since as a general rule (which failed this time), it's usually best to save the stomach room for the cheesesteak, rather than add on the fries. The food came out in a suitable amount of time, and I didn't think I was deliberate in eating it...however towards the last 1/4 of the sandwich, the meat/cheese was already getting cold, it was kind of weird.  Anywho, I ate the whole thing (note:  $10 is probably a little pricey, I think they must know this, as I got two coupons from them while there, one for $2 off next time, one for BOGOF).    Fast forward a few hours later, and I'm at my desk with food baby from stuffing myself.  Stupid me for eating so much was my initial thought.  Except that my tummy was unsettled for the next two days.  Now...I can't say for sure that it was Corleone's...but I'm pretty sure, so not too pleased about that.  I mean, if the sandwich had been good, it totally would have been worth it, but it was ok, and not a great value.  Not sure if I'll be back.  2.5 stars, only rounded up because my prior experiences in Scottsdale were better than here.
3 I like this place, it's got good food that tastes authentic....or well, at least what I would think authentic would taste like. Their Philly Cheesesteak sandwich is really good and their fries are also quite tasty.  So why, you might ask, am I only giving it 3 stars? A couple reasons:  - Although it is a good sandwich, I think it is overpriced. If you want to get a sandwich combo, you're going to walk out paying 13 dollars. - The staff isn't particularly nice..they're not mean, but I wouldn't say they are nice. - And not that they did this on purpose, but I walked in and used a coupon once (which wasn't that great of a deal), ordered food, sat down, and saw a sign offering a special for that day that was WAY better than my coupon. I really wish the guy who rung me up (who might have been the owner) had mentioned it.  Conclusion: This place isn't bad and some people may feel it's 4-5 star good, I just don't feel it's worth the price.
1 As a fellow CheeseSteak Lover, I have to try it when I see it on the menu.  Not a fan here.  First, if you want me to come back, Why do you nickel and dime me as a customer?  That's just bad business.  $15 for my meal?  It's fast food!  Anyway, I'll sum it up...  No thanks.
5 I'm from philly and know what I'm looking for in a cheese steak.. Corleone's nails it every time...High quality ingredients (worth a little more) and great service..only problem is that they now have great pizza too so what am I supposed to do? Keep up the great work! See you for this weekends email special as usual
4 Hands down the best cheesesteak in town, period. Even the two east coast guys I went with said it was as close as they had gotten from home. That says a lot coming from these goodfellas I was out with for Lunch today...
4 Great tasting Philly Cheesesteak sandwichs
1 Great Cheese Steak? Hardly, try to sell this is Philly and you would have customers out the door in a heartbeat. First, a cheese-steak need to have substantial roll. This one sogged out, they should use the real thing which is available through Sysco. An Amoroso's roll can stand up to all the juice. Second, this wasn't prime rib-eye, I don't know what cut it was, but is was tasteless. So was the rubbery provolone cheese. And last, it wasn't CLEAN.  Order the rolls on-line and get your butcher to slice you some rib-eye, homemade is better than anything I've gotten in Phoenix in years.
4 My fiance has been talking about this place for the last few months. He regularly frequents this place for lunch with his co-workers and has been waiting for the day that I got to try it too. Well, the day came when he brought a pizza from Corleone's home for dinner. Short story is that I LOVED the pizza so much that I demolished 3 whole slices - and their slices are not small.   I have yet to try their sandwiches which seem to be their specialty but the fiance loves them and he was right about the pizza so I'm sure I'll be happy once I get my chance to taste test.
4 Disclaimer: the only other Philly cheesesteaks I've ever had were at sporting events, carnivals or airport/shopping mall stands. That being said, I was invited to Corleone's and was told I had to try the Cheesesteak since I never had an authentic one. I was not disappointed. I ordered it 'onions and whiz wit' despite the fact that I usually like really good cheese. I am a HUGE fan of what I ate. The steak is really good rib eye; not some cheap, fatty mystery piece of cow. That's why you're paying so much for the sandwich. There is a row of condiments that include oregano and red pepper flake shakers and peppers in vinegar. I added those to my sandwich too. The bread is fluffy and tender; easy to bite through. The meat is choppeed just right; it's tender and juicy. The Cheez Wiz... well, it's just good stuff in this sandwich. I never thought I'd say that, but if you haven't had it wiz wit, you gotta try it that way. You won't be disappointed.  The whole sandwich is an enormous order, but because I splurge on foods like this so rarely, I get the whole thing when I do. Like others said, I think the price is a little high, but man, I love these sandwiches.
3 Corleone's is good. My favorite is the Chicken Italiano, but sometimes the chicken is too dry. The Original is great too. I like mine with provolone instead of whiz. Both the steak and chicken are lean and sliced thin. The staff is nice and helpful, but the prices are outrageous. Your receipt does usually have a coupon for $2 off your next order, but still...$9 for a half sandwich, fries & drink is a little much. The fries, though! Oh the fries...they are yummy!
2 I was not the one who ate here, i opted to go to Jimmy Johns next door, and according to my brother who did eat here, was the right choice. There were two orders in front of him which were already placed and it took them 10 minutes to then take his order of a Philly Cheese Steak, Onion Rings and a drink. By this time i had gone to Jimmy Johns, got my order, and walked over to CVS to pick something up, and walked back to Corleones to get my brother. We waited a few minutes and then his order finally came. I asked what his total was, almost $16!! They charged extra for Onions and Mushrooms (or peppers, can't remember) $1.49 each! These come standard on Philly cheese steaks and we know this because we lived in Philadelphia for 4 years with many real cheese steaks had that were WAY better and 2/3 the price!! My brother said it tasted good, but not for that price and he would have rather gone to Duck & Decanter, Wineburger (both down the road) or even Postinos just for some Bruschetta. If i were him i would rather just go up the road to the Rokerji's reverse Happy hour starting at 9 and get a glass of wine ($5), and their tip steak + Brei bruschetta bites ($5).
2 My husband really likes this place, he likes the #1.  I think the fries are good.  I have had a pizza silce, it was ok.  I also found the service slow and unfriendly.
4 Love the food, love the service.  I take co-workers there all the time.  Hate the parking at lunch time.
5 "OK-OK-OK!"  If you are on a diet most definitely this is not the place for you!  If over paying for a Philly Cheese steak, they call it "a large," I was wanting more when I finished my Sandwich, again not the place for you!!!   However if you want to walk into an authentic Mafioso looking deli-restaurant with a sandwich, an epicurean delight, that will give you multiple foodgasms than "Yo, how you doin'!"   All I'll say is that the smooth taste and texture of the Philly Cheese steak sandwich was incredibly flavorful, and beyond delicious! Enough to have your eyes roll back in your head and possibly shout "this is so f¢ing good!!"   When you walk in this joint there is a large profile picture of Don Corleone, Marlon Brando, with the words;  "Make 'Em A Sandwich They Can't Refuse!"  Now that's a Slogan!   They even have a real Pickle Bar with banana peppers, hot peppers, and homemade salt pickles. I loved it!!!   "Bing, Bang, Boom!" I scarfed mine down and I wanted more.
1 I was craving a cheese steak and went to this place yesterday. One cheese steak was almost 10 bucks and I didn't get fries or anything with it (maybe that was extra) the meat in the sandwich tastes just like that frozen steakum crap you get at the grocery store and it was dripping with grease. Yuck! One of the guys behind the counter was kind of an ass too. I will never eat there again!
4 make sure you ask the guys at the counter for the $4.99 combo deal which includes a six-inch cheesesteak, yummy fries and drink. this deal is normally close to $10 so the coupon makes it a bargain.  their after 4pm $9 cheese pizza deal isn't bad either.  make sure you use the $4.99 for a dozen wing deal coupon too!
3 This place is okay. The food is nothing to write home about, especially if you're looking for a really Philly cheesesteak or some NY style pizza. There are better places to grub less than 100 feet away.  However, if you're craving what they're selling it's edible and at a decent price.
4 Great cheesesteaks sandwich. I always love a cheesesteak but I hate getting fatty meat so I'm picky about where I get them, not one bit of fat in my sandwich here. Oh yeah,  I love the wiz on my philly. My girlfriend got two slices of pizza and loved it.  After 4 pm the have a large cheese pizza for 8.99. We got one a few days later and we got it well done and it was delicious. The staff is nice a friendly and pointed me in the right direction after asking a few ?'s. They deliver but of course Im a about a mile out of range but I thought I would mention it. Ill be back.
3 Recently, for winning a sales contest among teams, my team decided to order Corleone's for lunch. With $175 to spend on food to feed 17 people, the feast was on. In the end, I think we ended up with 10 pizzas and upwards of 120 wings of various flavors.   As we ate at work, I can only comment on the food and my review will reflect as such. First off, the pizza. Most of what we ordered was of the one-topping variety, but there was a Hawaiian mixed in there, as well as a pepperoni and jalapeno. For a New York style pizza, I thought it was good, but not great. The crust left something to be desired, as did the amount of toppings, but the overall flavor was pretty good. I would have liked to see a little less grease, but I suppose that is to be expected.   The wings we ordered were regular, hot, bbq, and hot bbq. Out of these four, the hot bbq stood out the most to me. They had a nice balance between spicy and sweet without being overpowering. The chicken was nice and tender and overall I came away impressed with the wings.  Would I go back? Definitely. Maybe not so much for the pizza but the wings and sandwiches, though.
4 Good cheese pizza and the cops that go there as customers adds an extra feeling of safety.
5 I don't even normally LIKE philly cheese steaks- but the sandwiches here are AMAZING! They put cheez whiz on them. WHAT?! I know, sounds completely revolting, right? Turns out it isn't. I though cheez whiz was E-Z Cheez. Nope, it is something completely different. Combine that with the grilled onions, and perfectly grilled steak chunks? Hello taste bud meltdown experience.    And the Cheez Whiz fries with grilled onions? HOLY Mother of God are those GOOOOOD! I don't even want to take a guess on what the caloric intake is on either- but if you don't care, or only want to eat once that week anyway- take a trip to Corleone's. You won't regret it. (Well, you may if you don't wear your stretchy pants when you go)
1 I have been going to Corleone's for a few months now because I wanted to try several things on the menu before I judge the place. Being a fan of Philly Steaks I thought this place would be good by the classic look of the place.   I got the tuesday night special where if you get 1 large sub for 10 bucks (without a drink of fries) you get a small one for free. It was interesting because I saw a lot of people order a large sub, and they weren't notified of the daily special. So I ordered the regular philly steak with a small hoagie.  He asked me if I wanted mushrooms or peppers on my philly steak, and i said yes, and I didint know that was an extra charge.    The Philly Steak was mediocre at best. They use low quality meat, and overcook it. The bread could be a lot better.  The guy suggested I put oil and vinger on the small hoagie I got, and I know why because it sucked! Covering it with tons of oil and vinegar is not gonna do the job if it's bad to begin with.  The only thing good here is the pizza and the fries. Stay away from everything else as it's also overpriced! $13 bucks for a philly steak combo? are you kidding me? Tell people about your specials, and stop penny pinching people for extra money. Tell me if peppers and mushrooms will be an extra charge.    In my opinion if you are gonna eat this bad for this price it might as well be good!
4 I'm a Philly girl who is always on the hunt for a great cheese steak!  You'd be surprised how hard it is to find a great sandwich, I mean is there really some great secret in Philly??  I do have to first say that Corleone's is pretty pricey for just a sandwich and a drink if there are no specials.  However, they definitely have the best cheesesteak in Phoenix.  My search still continues but Corleone's is number one in my book so far.
2 I was told the Philly Cheese Stake Sandwich was the best in town by a person from New Jersey.  Maybe they are what Jersey people are used to, but they don't even come close to the same sandwich at Uncle Sam's.  I couldn't even find the grilled onions and the cheese whiz, just the sadly bland meat.  The fries were good.  The setting is noisy and has the feel of a college campus eatery.
1 I used to eat at Charley's for the Philly steaks until I tried Corleone's I fell in love with it. Until recently I requested mushrooms on my sub so upon eating the Philly I noticed they used CANNED mushrooms!!!!! Thats a disgrace to the original Philly!!!   So I stopped going to Corleone's and went back to Charley's since they use fresh ingredients. Corleone's cost a lot more than Charley's however I'm not willing to pay more for canned ingredients, No Thanks!!!!
2 I like this place better than Uncle Sam's (heresy).  The biggest complaint here on Yelp is that it is a bit pricey, and it is compared to (say) Charlie's.  But the quality of the meat is very good.  Thin sliced rib eye, no gristle or fat, tasty.  And Uncle Sam's is about a buck and a half more expensive.  That evens out if you order mushrooms, which Sam's includes but for which Corleone's charges extra.  And I like the condiment bar.  A little garlic powder, some banana peppers, perhaps some oregano and/or parmason cheese.  Season to suit.  The price gets helped out with specials and coupons.  Your cash register receipt is usually good for $2 off your next visit.  They have specials for a six inch sandwich, fries and a drink for $5 (would be closer to $10 without the special). {Edit: that might no longer be true.]  I've not tried the pizza.  I'm not a big fan of NY style pizza, even though I lived in Manhattan.  Other's have given it thumbs up, though.  Something's broken in the stars ratings here.  I tried to give Corleone's four stars, but was only allowed two.
1 Would like to have rated the restaurant better, but unfortunately I cannot eat there as I am 5.2 miles away from Corleone's and there delivery radius is 5 miles. Nope, not kidding, called in for delivery, was asked for my address after a 2 minute wait, was put back on hold and the woman came back on the phone to tell me, "i am sorry, we dont deliver to your area". My response was, "uh, we are 10 minutes down the road, what is your delivery area?" Her answer "the delivery area is 5 miles, you are outside of it."  TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, COMICAL REALLY.
4 Ex-East-Coaster that I am, I am always looking for a good traditional pizza and a Philly Cheesesteak. 5 stars for the pizza here - just like I used to have growing up. 3 stars for the cheesesteaks -- good but not great, and a bit overpriced. I prefer Uncle Sam's, just up the 51 a bit, but I suppose that's just personal preference. Service is solid; last time I came in for take-out they burned my pizza, so they made me a new one for free. That's how you treat customers.
3 I have been to Corleone's a few times and this is the first time I have had cheese wiz on a cheese steak. (I'm a native Arizonian, what can I say?).  It was awesome and I really like how thinly the beef is shaved.   Lets discuss Cheeze Whiz Fries for a moment. They are amazing, however EAT THEM QUICKLY. If Cheeze whiz is left to sit it congeals and Im not a huge fan. However if you do eat it quickly while its still all melty its one of the best things you can put in your mouth. :) Your taste buds will thank you! (Thank you Ocean Spray Commercial)   Its slightly overpriced for my liking, but when you are in the mood to treat yourself and are in the area it can be a fun place to go grab a bite, and certainly something you should try if you have not had the opportunity.
2 Pizzas are good. And it ends there.  Service with a smile is an unheard of concept... I get the east coast "attitude" thing but i think here its more of "when is it closing time" for these employees.  I was charged for xtra toppings on my cheesesteak and when i got the sandwich... No toppings!  Then it was an argument with the cook so i had to bring my philly up to the line to SHOW him there were no toppings!  Overpriced... Bad customer service... But free delivery... U decide.
5 This is the best buffalo chicken sandwich that I've ever had.  The fries are remarkable.  This was my favorite place to eat while I lived in Phoenix, by far, and what I miss most about the whole state.  It's pathetic, I know.  The restaurant has pretty awesome ambience for a sports fan, big wooden tables and lots of screens playing ESPN or whatever big game is on.  I've come here for a couple games and stayed with friends to watch half a game.  The cheesesteak is fine (though I'd never choose it over the buffalo chicken).  I've tried "da Roc and Manuch", but it's just a bland marinara chicken sub.  The Godfather sounded promising, and normally I love italian-meat sandwiches, but it's just too heavy and the bread doesn't really work with this kind of sandwich.  Being my favorite place, I'm bummed to see so many poor reviews.  But they are mostly legit complaints.  The service can be pretty terrible, and it seems they only hire jerks to work the line.  The meals are expensive--it's like $12 for a meal with fries and drink.  But if you get the coupons and their occasional emails, it drops down to $5 for the same thing.  The delivery also does take a while, but whenever I'd have it delivered to work, I'd just make sure to order it an hour ahead and they're usually there when they say they'll make it.  Overall, it's a pricy place but you get what you pay for.  It's an original and unique place, definitely worth eating in at.
3 The sandwiches are good as is the pizza...although a bit overpriced considering the quality.
5 I absolutely love this place!  By far the best cheesesteaks outside of Philly...hands down!  The rolls are perfectly soft, the whiz is the authentic best and the meat is just right.  Super friendly staff, clean restaurant...and good pickles too!
5 Awesome cheese steaks and friendly service, what more could you ask for??
3 Midweek...don't wanna cook...don't wanna drive...who delivers?? CORLEONE'S!! The delivery person was a sweetheart which is the equivalent of having a pleasant waiter/waitress to start your meal experience. It sets the mood and expectations and well...it was yummy!   If you order the cheese fries, make sure you eat those first since cheez wiz has a limited time frame for being fresh and hot. Once it chills, you end up with...well...goop. I love their cheesesteak sandwiches, this time the fries were a little overdone but still not too bad.   For a $20 we ordered a couple of cheesesteak sandwiches and split a cheese fry, just enough food and it doesn't break the bank. Not bad for delivery!
5 After trying several cheese steaks in the area we found no need to continue our search the perfect, authentic "wit whiz" sandwich. By far the best this side of the continent
4 Delish buffalo chicken sandwich, the little joey's cheesesteak with cheese wis was amazing too. Will definitely try them again!
4 I haven't been to Corleone's in almost a year, but I was thinking about sandwiches and remembered how much I liked Corleone's, so this review is a bit overdue.   First time I went I remember thinking "Cheez Whiz on a sandwich?" but I was told to try it before I complained and I did. I used that same spiel on my mom when I took her and she frowned at Cheez Whiz being on her sandwich. Needless to say, we were both wrong. The Philly Cheese Steak at Corleone's is amazing. They also have really good fries and that's pretty much the only two things I've ever eaten there in spite of having been there probably a dozen times. Even if you're apprehensive, go and give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
5 I love the Philly sandwiches!! The fries with cheese whiz are amazing too!!
4 YES.    This is exactly what I was hoping for.  Just cheesy enough, just beefy enough, just greasy enough, just awesome enough.  (got the cheesesteak if it wasn't obvious)  Not mind-blowing, but that's kind of the goal, right?  Bread, wiz, steak and onions.  Exactly what the doctor ordered.    Would definitely eat here again.
4 I like using this place for their slice of steak and maybe a drink for about $3.60 as either a decent lunch or  to take it home and have it with a salad for dinner. It's a cheap and quick meal and tastes really good. The fries are pretty above average too. The people who take your order behind the counter are pretty gruff, but they consistently deliver a good product and have seen them be accommodating to other customers by wiping down tables for them and apologize they were less than clean so that really impressed me.
4 They know one thing perfectly - the cheese steak. The meat, the cheese, the bread - all perfect. No odd variations. I hope they never change a thing.
4 Corleone's have great Philly Cheese Steaks but they will run you about $6.50 and if you add fries and a drink that will run you another $2.50 and it with tax you are talking about $10 for one person to have lunch.  They do have a great lunch special at this location two slices of Philadelphia pizza and a drink for $4.99.  I have yet to try that but from what I seen the slices are huge and are good ( per a co-worker of mine ).
3 I used to be a big fan but the quality seems to have dropped off a bit.
4 Almost like being in Philly.
4 had pizza and cheese fries here...so good!  Don't forget the cheese fries!!!  yum yum yum
3 Torn on this one because usually it is much better. However, this last time left me less than thrilled.  Came towards the end of lunch, the place was packed. There were a lot of campers, so really not a place to sit, and there isn't much room to start. Perhaps they had some sort of A/C issue because they had some huge...like HUGE fan/external cooling unit thing sitting in front of the bathroom hallway.  There were 4 people in front of us and it took about 20 minutes to get our food, not so good if you are in a hurry...and we were.  We ordered two cheesesteaks and an order of fries to share... fries were $2+ and barely got a handful, felt pretty ripped off frankly. Even more so after the wait when I took a bite to find out the fries were lukewarm at best. sigh.   I am hoping this was an off day and not a sign of change.  The food is delicious and the fries are (usually) worth craving...   I'll be back, hopefully I will have a more positive experience next time.   And hopefully they open one in the SW Valley sometime, that would be cool ya know!
4 Great Pizza and Philly Cheese steaks. I'm a big fan.
1 Will NEVER be back.  Apparently rudeness is acceptable service.  My friend went in to pick up our pizza, watched the pizza jockey pull and stretch a pie trying to get it of the board and into the oven.  When the cashier was asked if that was our pizza, my friend was told "I'm not gonna tell you that" and refused to answer direct questions.  I guess they have enough business that they don't need my business now or in the future.
5 For a chicken cheese steak, a cold italian sub (hoagie), or a slice of great thin-crust pizza, this is my destination.   They also usually have Tastykakes...from Philly....but don't tell, or they might run out!
2 If you like hamburger helper, order yourself a Philly steak with cheez whizz. Not only did my sandwich take an hour and a half to be delivered a fifth of a mile, it's contents were no better than re-heated, leftover hamburger helper mush. DINE-IN
5 Absolutely LOVE this place! Philly cheese steak is AMAZING & delivery is fast, good still hot! Eating as I type ;)
2 Ordered "the original" w/jalapeños - $10! Not even a combo. Only ate half. It was filling - but is the taste/quality worth the money? Nope. I'm assuming it has to do with location. The look of the pizza was not appetizing. The cheese looked dry which is one of the reasons I didn't order it. The inside was clean & organized so I appreciated that!
4 Good food but need to be able to use coupons you get from the email club through your phone. Went a couple weeks ago and love it and signed up for the email club! Got a coupon for a free small sub went back today and they said it had to be printed out... Expires today... Didn't say it anywhere on the email that I had to print out. Lame... People were friendly and the food is good but it guess I'll unsubscribe from the email list since you need a printer apparently to use any of the deals...who has printers anymore anyway? Lol
1 Long wait it took forever for them to come and take my order then it took forever for them to make the food they forgot the onions and no peppers this place isn't what it used to be :(
1 I'd like to give them no stars but I didn't have that option.  I ordered food for delivery once and they took an hour and a half.  They got lost and didn't bother calling me for directions even though I gave them my number specifically for that reason.  My food was cold and I didn't get my entire order.  They suck! Don't eat there.
4 Can't go wrong with their large $2 cheese slice. It was heavenly
5 Ordered an original with whiz. AMAZING. Every once in a while I stray from my paleo diet to indulge, and it REALLY hit the spot today. *BONUS My order was delivered in 20 minutes, the driver was very nice (and cute too).* I would recommend this spot for anyone craving a philly. Yay! You guys rock!
4 Corleone's on camelback always hits the spot. They goofed up on one order (delivery) and when I called to complain they said they would immediately fix it. Seems like it's well managed.
3 they have a heart clogging philly cheese steak  sandwich with wiz as they call it which taste damn good had the chicken philly as well not as good this place attracts alot of dudes also serve pizza and a varity of other sandwiches
2 I tried the pizza for the first time today. I had the $4.99 two cheese slice special with a drink. It's a decent value as the slices are quite large. However not much flavor to the sauce or the pizza in general. The crust despite being properly cooked with appropriate browning on the bottom just seemed to lack substance. It seemed to just disappear in my mouth rather than being chewable. It's a decent value for the money, the place was clean and the service was quick enough. I wouldn't go back for the pizza.
2 Service was awful. The food was ok.  I ordered their Italian hoagie which was probably my first mistake because they are known for their cheesesteak.   I noticed I had been waiting for 15 minutes so I started looking to see where they were with my order. My sandwich was sitting in the back while some employee wandered around that was supposed to be making it talking about hitting on some girl and getting her name wrong.   10 more minutes went by so I asked where my sandwich was at the counter and it had been ready to go but left it sitting back there.   The guy who made it asked me if I wanted anything extra in apology but I just said no thanks and left.   The sandwich kind of sucked. It was average at best and absolutely not worth the 30min wait
4 I come here quite often since it's close to work and not too expensive.  I love this place for a couple or reasons.  Consistency and a decent cheese steak.  I'm born and raised in AZ so I don't know what a "true" Philly cheese steak tastes like so for me this place is pretty darn good.  The bread is always nice and soft and the steak is great with the whiz and onions.  Their fries are always perfectly crispy and soft on the inside every time.    They have pizza as well but I don't ever seem to be in a pizza mood when I go here so I've yet to try it.  I'm deducing a star on this because the chairs and tables are in some serious need of replacing and there is a lot of dust on the walls and upper ledges above the booth seating.  I've seen enough episodes of cooking shows to know this isn't acceptable.    Great food though and I will continue to come back!
1 Call Corleone's only if you have two hours for delivery. The online order response told us 50 minutes. Horrible manager on duty. We called. Told us at 60 minutes the driver was in the car. Told us at 110 minutes that driver left 15 minutes ago. One of those has to be a lie, right?  Told us "Online says it's 50min but really it is 90min."  Food arrived 2hrs late. On dot. They never tried to update us or treat us honestly, just kept feeding us lines. Kept calling me "boss" which I wish were true. Driver was nice enough and hustled, said he wasn't even a driver but instead a cook. Don't know who to blame. But I know we won't be calling Corleone's again. Or going in person.
5 Having had authentic Philly cheese steaks, I can tell you this is spot on.  Best I've had anywhere outside of Philly.  My son says the pizza is awesome too but I haven't had that.  I love this place!  Only problem is that I have to go clear across town to get to it.  Wish they'd open another one closer to West side.
4 Excellent service. Cheesesteaks are delicious. Huge pizzas with taste to match. Reasonable prices for the amount of food you get. This place had not disappointed since the day I first found out about it.
5 Get chicken Philly with extra chicken, extra mayo and extra provolone cheese! Also try the meatball pizza, it's very good lol...
4 love these sandwiches. its a little pricey if you order 'normally' but there are all sorts of specials to help with that-get on their email list!. when you can bring that price down, what you get is one of the better sandwiches from a chain around. the pizza is ok, nothing mindblowing, but still better than the likes of Dominoes or Papa Johns. same deal as the sandwiches- if you order at the right time, you can get a lot of pie for your dollars (and if you are inebriated and/or have lots of hot sauce, you will like it just fine!)
1 I wasn't impressed. The meat on the Philly was flavorless they nickel and dime you for mushrooms, peppers and onions. The cook had a problem with his spatula when he wasn't cooking he was banging on the grill making music which was very annoying.
2 Slow service and 15-20 for mediocre philly cheese steaks.  Sandwiches and fries do not have a lot of flavor.  Also the televisions are blaring loud, if you have sensitive hearing beware.  Seating is limited.
3 Pizza is good, but not at all remarkable. Lunch specials are a good value, and Philly sports memorabilia is fun to peruse. United Mileage Plus dining participation is also a plus.  In the end, there are a plethora of pizza options in the area I like much better.
1 NEVER ORDER FROM THIS LOCATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  never order from this location i ordered at 11:15am and it took them almost 2.5 hours to deliver my food and the food was stone cold and the drink was completely watered down from stitting in the drivers car for so long i will never order from this place again teh service is miserable!
