1 This is one of the franchise store of Ritz Camera in Chandler. The store's staffs are nice, however, their photo lab is miss leading. They make the price in very small fonts and hanging on the ceiling.   For the first time user to print photos in the lab, I was charged for $45 for just few 4x6 and 8x10 print without sign-in as member. I asked for canceling order prior they print the photos. I was told "Too late" even it's still in one of their store pc for ordering prints.   Since they are franchise, I should be able to return or exchange the accessories I bought for my Nikon D70S camera in different store. I was told "No". I can only exchange or return to the stores I purchase them.   I will not buy anything from them again.
1 If you are looking for a camera or accessories do yourself a favor and drive past Ritz Camera! After spending nearly $1400 on a Nikon camera and having it 13 months, the staff at Ritz told me that because I didn't buy their "extended" warranty that would not help me regarding a defect with the camera despite the fact that Nikon has a 1 year manufacturers warranty. Their "solution" was for me to bring it in so they could send it to CRIS camera repair ($45 charge) and they would determine if it was a defect or damage caused by me. They wouldn't contact Nikon-I had to make the call!  For $25 I took it to Tempe Camera and now it is heading to Nikon for repair. Maybe when Ritz goes bankrupt again they'll realize that "customer service" still counts!
1 I purchased a small case for my compact camera from Ritz Camera 15 days ago, after limited use over that two week period the Lowepro brand case had the stitching ripping out of one of the pieces of Velcro; probably a manufacturing defect that I was not upset about at all I took the item back into Ritz with the receipt and they prompted to tell me they would not exchange the item without all its original packaging, which I did not keep. I asked to speak with the manager, didn't catch a name but he had a long brown pony tail, and he proceeded to tell me the same thing and continued that he would take the item back but he would have to charge me a 25% restocking fee. The ridiculous part was that I was actually going to purchase another item at the store at the same time, and proceeded to tell him that I would not be buying that item nor anything else again at a Ritz Camera ever again.  My suggestion is to bring your business to any other local retail camera seller and avoid Ritz Camera otherwise you will probably end up paying more than other retailers and getting absolutely horrible customer service if anything goes wrong.
2 Carl K. The guy you are referring to is Augie. He is the worst customer service person I have ever dealt with. He doesn't know his products. The first time I came, I bought a camera, the extended warranty, and joined the Ritz pix club. He said all the things had to be rung up separately. Weird but okay. So he run up my camera. I paid cash. Then he rung up the warranty I paid cash. Then he run up the club ($240) and he said he couldn't take cash for it. What? Are u crazy you can't take cash. Long story short had to put it on my debit card. He had to get help from a Mike the more knowledgeable guy in the store several times. Which is funny since Augie is the store manager.  They also say you can come in and pull prints from Facebook but once you get in there have no way of connecting to Internet to get Facebook pics. On a brighter side I have ordered ALLOT of photos, and various other photo gift items. They have all been great except for the calendars. Do not order the calendars very cheap! I have found if you order some thing that They send off to the lab it's great! Anything they do in the store is terrible. Promised times of send off items are never right and often times take twice as long. All in all if I wasn't in this club I would go somewhere else. And I will when my club expires in a few months.
