3 When e-lounge first opened it was THE place to be.  It was hip and fun and had great crowds.  Now... well....  We loved their hip hop/B&B.  Now days, they may play it at the beginning of the night (if you're lucky) but the rest of it is going to be "dance" music.  I know, I know, sounds weird to complain about dance music when they have a great dance floor, right?  But the music they play brings out the particular type of crowd, and that style of dance.  Grooving to R&B - folks know how to dance in their place.  But once they start playing "dance" and some of the new folks get on the floor - watch out for elbows.    Also - I'm not old.  But apparently I'm too old to hang out THERE.  At least I'm starting to feel that way.  At a young 30ish, I shouldn't feel like I'm too old for the bar.  Just about the only time there is a "good for me" kind of crowd is right after a Mercury game.    Now for the positive.   Drinks are not overpriced.  Most of the bartenders/door folks have been great.  I've found a few that are more 2 star than 4 star if ya know what I mean.  Also, it's in a convenient part of town.  Part of what is convenient of course is that there is another women's club right down the street - so if one doesn't work - you can always try the other.  :)  If you are young and love dance music - you'll love this spot.  If not, don't plan to stay there the whole night.
2 I'm a gonna give E-Lounge one more shot after this review to redeem themselves-but so far not impressed.  I was psyched for a regular Lesbian night-where EVERY night is Lesbian night (most places in Boston just have a designated dyke night) and it was voted best of in the New Times.   I stopped by here in October, after I first moved, around 6:30, figuring I would hit the happy hour after work crowd. Uh. No. It was me, three other sporty ladies with ponytails through their baseball caps and a tattooed bartender. The place just seemed kind of tacky and not that clean for some reason. It has high ceilings but ends up feeling like you are in a barn instead of "airy". I had my G&T and skidaddled-I like my ladies a tad more hip and artsy.  I had heard from some reliable sources that ELounge was still the place to go for hip-hop dancing, and it was straight guy friendly. So for NYE, with a 5 buck cover and close proximity to other clubs we wanted to check out for NYE (Amsterdam, Shadys, Chez Nous), I figured it was win/win. We got there around 10:30 and the energy was just fucking DEAD. There was a long line for the womens bathroom, and some butches were obviously chroniced out and fuckin up the flow of the line and shit. Some ladies just opted for the guys room, but I wasn't drunk yet and could still smell, so I opted out of it. There was a DJ spinning some good top 40 hip hop, and no one was on the floor. Oh, there was one chick...READING THE FUCKING PAPER! WTF?  By 11:14pm, I was like, the bartenders are taking too long, this place is too damn smokey, no one is dancing (even though we had a crew and started some but still-had about 14 people out there-out of a full house), people are drinking WAY too much (like 4 shots at a TIME) and getting rowdy and full of drama in the parking lot.  So we headed to Amsterdam (see that review-great choice) for the countdown and actually danced-even though we had to leave the house thumping beats after a while. We decided to check out e-Loung at 1am, and there was improvement-people were on the floor, but of course people were even more fucked up, it was even smokier and not ventilated at all, and people were getting mad sloppy.   The vibe here is just off, I don't know if it was the people here both times or what, which is why I am gonna give it another try.
4 E Lounge is really the place to be for a good old girl friendly time.  As a straight chick I never felt anything other than comfortable at E.  And I've never danced so hard in my life.  Its pretty much a dive bar, no frills and the bathroom can get pretty gross.  I usually use the men's room.    My friends and I would be there at least 3 weekends out of a month.  Most nights I came home smelling like smoke with who knows what stuck to the bottom of my shoes but I always had a ball.  6:30p is REALLY early to get there.  We usually arrived around 11p.  I've never had a mixed drink there, but you can get a picture of Heffe for $5.  You can't beat that!
