5 Like Michael A., I was nervous about going here.  I'd never had a straight-edge shave before.  I was afraid I'd get whacked.  It's pretty odd to go to Vegas and get a...shave.  But I was wrong.  This place was awesome.  The hot towel, after I got over the initial sensation of wanting to scream, was awesome.  There was lots of towel-shave-towel-lotion-towel-shave and I'm not sure if that's how it always goes but it was really relaxing.  The barbers banter back and forth while they're shaving you, which gives it kind of a legitimate feel and makes it's feel less like you're in some stuffy salon.  And remember: It may cost $50 for a shave, but it's cheaper to sit in a barber chair for an hour in Vegas than to sit at a blackjack table or a strip club.
5 I'm a scruffy sort.  Tend to have a beard, simply because I'm too motherloving lazy to shave most mornings.  But having heard that this branch of The Art of Shaving had a full service barbers shop (most don't - they only do demonstration shaves on Saturdays), I had to give it a go.  I booked ahead for a haircut and "royal shave".  The haircut was quick and painless -- but very helpful in that the barber took the time to explain how I should be applying "product" to tame my hair, rather than just selling an overpriced tub and leaving me to my own devices.  Then the shave.  First hot lather was applied, then a steaming hot towel.  Then some oil, and another hot towel.  Lather, shave, another hot towel.  Lather, *another* shave, hot towel.  Lavendar face mask, cucumbers on eyes, cold towel.  Let's be honest: it was the prissiest, frilliest, girliest facial spa treatment imaginable, but in a totally hetero-acceptable manly form, what with the sharp blade near your jugular.  The only thing that would have made it better would have been a cold Manhattan to sip between swipes of the razor.  All told, it took about an hour, cost about $95 including tip, and afterwards I felt absolutely bloody amazing.  Part of me wishes I could get one every Friday on my way home from work to start the weekend.  Will definitely pop by every time I'm back in Vegas.
5 Goatee-wearers and babyfaces unite!!! I love this place, 2nd time I've been here at Mandalay Place for my annual shave. Definitely book 1-2 weeks in advance and go for the royal shave. There is nothing like a shave with a straight razor. The first time I went, I literally had friends run feel my cheek noticing the smoothness. Both times I went for a goatee trim and it came out excellent. The total time is around 1 hour. Be prepared to check-in and wait a good 5-10 minutes though. The barber placed the warm lather and went to work. For you technical folks, here's the process flow: hot towel, lather, shave, lather, shave, lotion, hot towel, cold towel, spray of sandlewood/herbal aftershave. You do come out feeling a lot better. And they also do haircuts and trims if that's what you fancy. The royal shave runs around $55, so with tip I usually spend about 70 each trip. Well worth it, and their products are excellent. Definitely invest in the sample/starter kit for under $100 bucks and use your normal razor, you'll get hooked.
5 I recently treated myself to a Royal Shave and haircut for my 41st birthday. All I can say is that I walked out feeling like a king. The barber that took care of me that day gave me the closest shave I believe I've ever had and for never having cut my hair before (I've had some real fun with 1st haircuts in the past) did an excellent job. Their customer service was incredible. I had a 2 pm appointment and my flight was scheduled to arrive in Las Vegas around 11:30. I felt this would give me plenty of time to drop my bags off at the hotel, grab a quick bite and then head over. But as airlines do, we didn't land until 1:30pm. I called and while they couldn't move my appointment, they did work with me the time that I did have.   Well worth the investment and experience next time you are in town.
5 By far this was the best shave I have ever had.    If you are somewhere around my age, you may remember going to old time barber shops where the barber would have that big straight edge razor and the leather strap on the edge of the chair to hone the blade before giving a shave.   I recall my Dad sitting in that chair, with a warm towel around his face before the barber did his magic.   Afterward, the old guy would always look and feel good.     After years of shaving with various disposable razors, I decided to give myself a treat.  My wife was going for her spa treatment before our anniversary dinner.   So, I wanted to have a close shave for that evening.   I went there and was met by Dennis.   Dennis reminded me of one of those old barbers - friendly but not overly talkative.     Other reviewers have already gone over the steps of the Royal Shave so I won't go over that again.   Now, dear reader, understand that I am a meat and potatoes kind of guy.   But, holy cow, did he do a great job.   After the shave my skin felt smooth, fresh and tingly.   I also can't believe it, I even had the same smell my Dad used to have after his shaves.    And yes, I was in a great mood after the shave.     Do yourself a favor guys, if you want to look and feel good, spend the time and money to get a shave here.   You'll feel good and your special someone will like it too.     Yes, I will be back.
4 I recently treated myself to a Royal Shave and haircut for my birthday. I was about ten minutes late to my appointment so they said they could only do the shave or the haircut...I selected the shave.  The girl took me back completed my shave and wound up giving me a haircut anyway.   I left feeling good about myself albeit still a year older.
5 I didn't go there for a shave, but rather, based on a coupon I received while staying at the Luxor, I had to check it out.  I mean, a store based on shaving?  I ended up spending $260.00 on a razor and travel bag of shaving items.  This place is worth the time just to browse.  They even sell straight edged razors.  I didn't even think they made those any more.
5 If there were 6 stars I would give it here.  So, if you are looking to spoil ur self a bit give them a call 'cause it's not cheap.  I was looking to pamper as we have had a bad couple of days.  I called ahead (Recommend this) and sched. a royal shave and hair cut.  When you call ask for Dennis.  He is strait out of central casting for Barbers.  He has been in LV for 18 Yrs and is the best.  The shave was amazing and the hair cut was one of the best i've gotten.
4 Great News: Joe, who used to work at Truefitt & Hill in the Caesars Forum Shops (before it closed) now works here!  I caught him on his second day at his new gig and I'm sure all of his fans on here will be glad to know he's the same as ever.    For those who don't know, Joe has been cutting hair for over 50 years.  He started his training at 13 when he was growing up in Sicily before moving to Chicago with his family.  He owned his own shop in Chicago before he retired to Las Vegas, then started barbering in Vegas to give himself something to do.  Truly, the man is a gem.  He really knows what he's doing and he's incredibly friendly.  So why four stars and not five?  Basically, the front waiting area of the shop was worn (e.g. ripped upholstery on the chairs).  Had it been in a normal barber shop with normal barber shop prices, I wouldn't have given it a second thought, but for what the shop charges you'd think they'd fix that.  Aside from that, a good experience.  Recommended if you need a haircut while in Vegas, especially since it's cheaper than the highway-robbery prices most of the hotel spas will bill you for a man's haircut.
2 This is a review of the Royal shave at the Art of Shaving barbershop in the Apothecary at the Palazzo.  This particular Art of shaving store was running a special where you could get the traditional shave when you bought their $100 perfect shave kit.  I recently started using their products and was going to buy the set anyway so i grabbed it up. I even upgraded to the royal shave for an extra twenty bucks.  The shave started off great with the warm lather and pre-shave oil and what not...but when the blade hit my face i came to realize that this dude didn't know what he was doing.  Scratch, scratch, scratch...with the grain, across the grain, against and perpendicular. He was all over the place. I felt several cuts and saw even more in the mirror later that day.  The aftershave mask was great as i cooled down some of the damage the barber did to my face. However later that day my skin was irritated as ever. To be fair, it was the closest shave it ever had, but i'm definitely going back to that guy any time soon. His name was Dave.  I've heard better things about the art of shaving in Mandalay Bay as it is run buy the Art of shaving folks directly and is not a partnership with any other store.
5 I'm not really sure what I can add to this place that hasn't already been said. The shave is the manliest foofoo thing you can possibly do; a fantastic experience that IMO was worth every penny. The haircut was rock solid. We walked out of there feeling like a million bucks.  As others have mentioned, they do pitch but not push their products. My barber did recommend a couple of things, but didn't dwell on it or make me feel guilty for not wanting to purchase it.  A trip here has now become standard for a trip to Vegas.
5 I had walked buy many times and finally decided to pamper myself and made a reservation for the Royal Shave ($55) and boy was I blown away.  A straight razor shave is manly as John Wayne but the experience is pure luxury.   Carol; the barber, made this straight razor newbie comfortable and gave me the closest and best shave ever!  The room with the barbers and the Sinatra playing in the background really give you that old school cool ambiance.  A definite regular stop in any trip to Las Vegas! I even recommended it to a couple who was looking in the doorway as I walked out the store.
5 As it looks like I'm the only woman reviewer so far, this review isn't for the actual shave service offered, but for the sales and products.  I wandered in here the first day of my first trip ever to Vegas... feeling a bit guilty that I was having all the fun while my husband was back home in the day to day.  This was the perfect place to find him a little something to bring home with me.    The man I talked with was very knowledgeable, and pitched but wasn't pushy.  The products are very high quality, no filler junk that's hard on your skin.  It all smells wonderfully manly but not overpowering.  I chose a travel set that comes with a brush, pre-shave oil, shave cream, and after shave lotion.  The containers are TSA approved, so they are around 3 oz.  This set me back about $55.  Ouch.  HowEVER!  My husband LOVES this stuff!  He shaved yesterday morning and didn't get a "5 o'clock shadow" until this MORNING!!  This stuff is the bees knees people.  He said he felt spoiled shaving - the only thing missing was a straight razor and a professional to do it for him.    I'll definitely take him here on his first trip to Vegas, and I have no doubt he'll be back every time we go!
4 I have been back at a different location. I stumbled on this the first time while I was at a tattoo convention at the hotel. Had heard plenty from friends and various websites that there was something liberating about a straight razor shave. Well they were right. The guy that did my shave, I cannot remember his, an older white haired gentleman. He was just what I would have expected. The only reasons I might have slighted them on the stars was there was very little personality and a bit on the pricey side. But all things said every man should experience the royal treatment at least once.   Try the pre shave oil for your self, it's like going back for the shop shave.
4 This is a great place to get a Shave & a Haircut.  I usually always schedule an appt as soon as I get in to Las Vegas.  My favorite barber was Elliott before he moved on to open his own location.  Elliott is an excellent barber and The Art of Shaving is a sweet location.
5 Professional service, clean facility. They were able to get my boyfriend in within an hour.
4 Learning about badger brushes and things was pretty interesting. I didn't know that there were so many different things to consider when buying a razor. Man oh man. Eliott was very helpful. He explained the differences in the shaving products, which brush was best for which type of facial hair. etc. I never thought I'd learn so much on a visit to a shave shop but this was pretty neat. I loved that the people who worked here were full of info but that they were not pushy. I guess they figure that not everyone is up to spending this kind of money or that their products are for everyone. It was just a real nice experience. At the Glendale store, maybe I didn't ask the right questions or something but this experience, I felt, was far better!
5 Awesome experience!!   Both at the front end of the store on buying products and getting a shave itself.  Reyna helped me out front and Joe provided the shave.  Both are awesome.
5 Because I do a lot of event work for my company, I end up in Vegas more than I'd like. It's gotten to the point where I feel like I'm mostly going through the motions. Long gone is the excitement of doubling down, or Cirque, or Blue Man, or late nights that turn into mornings. However, one of the distinct pleasures I reserve exclusively for Las Vegas is a classic shave. I use to go to Caesar's Palace, but The Art Of Shaving converted me. There's nothing quite like it. It's the last sacred male ritual, savor it at The Art Of Shaving.
5 Very nice. We came here to get my boyfriend a much-needed haircut.  A little difficult for us to find for some reason. We had a hard time trying to make our appointment because navigating the casino was a pain. BUT they were accommodating, so that was awesome. Also awesome: they had an opening on the day we called in to ask!   The people at the front desk were really nice and friendly, and my boyfriend got a really nice business-type haircut that I am crazy about. He said that they really scrubbed his scalp clean and gave him tips on how to take care of his dry hair.   I wish we got him a shave, but that would've been a waste of money since he had just shaven earlier. Next time...  Price ended up being cheaper than where we usually get his hair done.
5 My friends told me that they were going to get a straight-razor shave when they went to Vegas.  I'm thinking "why would I pay more for a shave than for a haircut..besides I do just fine shaving on my own"  Well, they convinced me to it.  I didn't expect much, but what I got was WELL WORTH the $55 for my shave.  Joyce was excellent & very professional, telling me not to make any sudden movements & just relax.  BOY was I relaxed!  After a few hot towels and very precise shaving & trimming, I was very happy with the results.  I never had a shave that close in my life!  While the price would prevent me from doing this every week, I can see doing it every now & then, especially whenever I go back to Vegas...this is a must-do destination!
1 I was unlucky enough to endure the most egotistical, pigheaded & chauvanistic barber I've ever had the misfortune of getting a bad haircut from at this store. If he had spent less time telling me how long he'd been cutting hair and actually listened to what I wanted my haircut may have not become the disaster it did.  Avoid this place for haircuts like the plague! you'll get a better haircut from a trainee hairstylist somewhere else who is actually interested in satisfying their client.
5 Best Shave Ever!  A bit pricey but worth it.
5 This place rocks! Love all of there products.... Staff is very friendly and attentive of customers.   They are very expensive but sometimes you just got to spoil yourself.
5 Service: 5 Stars Atmosphere: 5 Stars Quality: 5 Stars  This is a very clean and professional shaving operation with great service.
4 I have been in this store twice looking for gifts for my BF and both times the staff has been incredibly helpful! I have never encountered such knowledgeable representatives. Not pushy at all!  My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his executive shave. I also purchased a gorgeous razor made from horn, and a badger brush.
5 The art of shaving at the shoppes at Mandalay Bay was incredible. Great service and a fantastic shave that lasted all week. I also got a haircut and though it wasn't spectacular, it was just what I was looking for. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. Yes, it's pricey but in my opinion worth every penny and less hassle than finding a place off strip.
5 Located in the shops at Mandalay Place. The products are high quality. The store is neatly organized. The staff is first rate. Sign up for The Brotherhood Of Shaving and get great deals! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4 great products and services.
5 Great service, exceptional staff, everyone knew the products very well.  Highly recommended.
2 I am pretty lazy about shaving, meaning I only shave a couple of times a week and on special occasions. Fortunately I have been blessed with (1) a job in a casual work environment which allows me to wear several days' stubble without anyone raising an eyebrow, and (2) a very light beard that even after a week remains manageable.   Perhaps it's because I so dislike the shaving routine that the idea of having someone actually do the shave for me was appealing. I had long flirted with the idea of paying for a professional shave if for no other reason than to satisfy my curiosity. On previous trips to Vegas I had noticed a The Art of Shaving storefront in the odd mall that connects the Mandalay Bay to the Luxor (officially called, "The Shoppes at Mandalay Bay"). So, with another trip coming up in a matter of weeks I resolved to actually treat myself to a professional shave.   But first I was going to make sure I got my money's worth--which meant a moratorium on all shaving for at least three weeks. Not as easy as it sounds because as I discovered, at one week my light beard is manageable, but by week two it just looks like blotchy pubic hair.   Gross. Who wants to see that?  Certainly not my wife who complained bitterly about my new meth addict on-the-run look. I considered abandoning the plan several times, but held out.  Must. Get. My. Money's. Worth.  When I arrived in Vegas I made an appointment for my shave. I arrived at the designated time and was seated by the late-50s something gentleman who would soon have me leaning back in a chair, all lathered up, with a straight edge in his hand.   I was giddy with excitement.  We made some small talk and while we were visiting, dude pulls out electric clippers and starts shaving my weeks of work. My mind is racing. "No, no, no. This isn't what I had in mind." But I kept my mouth shut. I wanted my man to think I had been there many times before. "Be cool, be cool."  Once my beard was back to what I guess was a shavable length, the actual shave got underway.   First a hot towel and some pre-shave oil.   Then the shaving cream, warm and minty. Oh so good!   And then the shave itself, which went remarkably quickly--too quickly. I really wanted to savor the experience.   Finally, another hot towel, a cold towel, some after shave. Ahhhh, this is luxury!  And then I was done. $55 + $10 tip.   Excited, despite the electric clippers and speed of the actual shave, I beelined back to my hotel room to inspect my freshly shorn face. Surely I would be more handsome than ever!   Unfortunately, as they say, the mirror doesn't lie and the truth the mirror shared with me was that I had received kind of a crappy shave. A $65 crappy shave. There were areas that had simply been missed including very noticeable spots such as, oh, I don't know, ON MY FACE!!!  I briefly considered going back down and asking for the job to be finished, but I had a dinner commitment and couldn't risk the chance of being late. Dismayed I pulled out my travel can of Barbasol and my cheap double edged razor and...  sadly...  defeatedly...  finished the job myself.
5 The Art of Shaving in Madalay is great.  The staff is always extremely nice.  I am never disappointed when Grethel cuts my hair.  She is kind and does and excellent job.
5 This is a man's Bath and Body Works.  That is if Bath and Body works had a spa in the back. Amazing is the best word for this place. I found a new, "have to got to," spot in Vegas. I did the Royal Shave with Grethel, as in Hansel and Grethel, as she said. I will be making an appointment with her every time I go back. The shave is just half of what she does for you. Don't get me wrong, the shave is amazing, close as can be and left my face smooth as a babies butt. Speaking of buts, the facial massage and treatment with hot towels, cold, towels, scalp rub, left me in a perfect state to go out and have a few nights of debauchery in Sin City.   Then there was the toy store. Acacia, helped me navigate this new world of straight razors and facial care I am not a custom to. I thought facial care was washing my face in the shower. Not anymore, now I take the time to treat my face right when slicing a few layers away to get rid of unwanted stubble.  All in all I highly recommend this place for any man looking to be prepped and pampered for their time in Vegas.
5 The best shave I ever had in my life.  Worth the money to get the royal shave.  Ask for master barber Carlos.  He will take care of you and treat you like a king.
5 I spent five minutes in this store and loved it! They taught me how to shave properly using my grandpa's straight edge.
5 Terrific place to get at haircut. The barbershop in the back is a peaceful time capsule to an era of tiled floors and classic Jazz.
5 On vacation, had an appointment with Grethel to get my head shaved.  She was a great barber, funny, nice.  She did a great job.   I wish I lived there.  I would be a regular.  The products are expensive, but better than what you buy at a discount store.  It is worth the time to stop here.
5 I had an urgent need and their late night availability coupled with their high reviews on Yelp made it an easy decision to give them a try.  Tonight I was cared for by Michael.  He asked questions, got to the heart of what I was looking for, and went to work.  He was very easy to talk with and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  I hadn't pampered myself with a barber visit since junior high.  It was both nostalgic and a reminder that I'm worth the extra bucks.  They even include a washing/shampoo after the cut is done so you're not dealing with the leftover clippings from the cheaper places.  A fantastic experience!
5 If your a dude reading this... this is the spot you want to go when in Vegas. Take a moment to feel refreshed and pampered.  Yes, I said pampered. And ladies take your man here and he'll thank you for it. You want the Royal Shave... ask for Bridget. Enjoy my Male Yelp friends. Its a guaranteed win on this bit.
5 Have been here a few times now.  The first shave I ever had was with bridget.  She did a fantastic job and made the shaving experience so comfortable.   My second experience was iust as good although I don't recall the barbets name.   My latest experience just makes me wish I lived in vegas and this wasn't just a special treat. Jack was an awesome barber and the shave is amazing and close.  If you are in vegas treat yourself to the royal shave.  You feel like a winner after that loser feeling the tables give you
5 Made an appointment on my wedding day to come here and get an old school barbershop shave.  Previously, I went to a barber in Fresno (hometown) to test out how a straight edge razor felt on my face.  When the results were awesome (see review on Ruben's Barbershop), I booked an appointment for my face and head.  The guy that took care of me was Carlos and I hope that whenever I'm in town again I'm able to book this guy.  The man is a master of his craft and I walked away with zero complaints.  I asked for the Royal Shave which ran about $75 and lasted almost 45 minutes, but it was well worth it.  I looked great and I'm very happy with my wedding photos.
5 This place is a MUST visit for every gentleman out there.  I've been here a few times for the Royal Shave. Don't skimp...get the Royal Shave. Totally worth it.  Wayne was my barber twice. Dude is a true OG when it comes to shaves. He'll get to know the lay of the land with your face (and head in my case). I've also seen Carlos who is also great.   Wayne is perfect if you want a quiet barber who just gets right down to business. Carlos is great if you want that "barbershop" experience where you have a conversation.  The whole ritual of the Royal shave can be found on their Web site.  It's worth every penny. I wish I could afford to come to this spot weekly...instead save it for a special occasion.  What the hell are you waiting for? Book your appt. Then thank me.
5 I got my husband a shave here for Christmas and he LOVED it! Firstnof all we called last minute, and the lovely Yon helped us get in rather quickly for the royal shave. My husband person was named Soon Lee ( forgive me if that's not right), he said she was quiet and very precise and he actually was so relaxed that he fell asleep. He ended up buying product, but not because they were pushy but he liked it all very much. Can't wait to come back and spoil him some more.
4 Good place to go for men. A little upset because the barber only did a royal shave and he forgot to shave my husband head. However, the royal shave left my husband's face as soft as a baby's bottom. For lack of attention to detail, that's why they only get 4 stars.
5 Here in Vegas on a trip for a business convention and I didn't have time to get a haircut before I left. I figured that since I'm here, I should treat myself to something special to get the mojo flowing the right way. They didn't have time to get me in for a shave today but they were able to get me in for a haircut last minute. I love the atmosphere and how the barbers are professionals. I wish I could afford to get my hair cut at a place like this more often, but alas, I will settle for special occasions. Very pleased with the results.
5 I'm glad to see Wayne has already been recognized here.  The man is a true professional.
3 Ya, I join the cult.  I have all their products.  And here is another chain in the Vegas area, this time in Mandalay Place.  Compared to a Gillete Foamy, you will pay much higher for the cost of shaving products.  But then again, you get a much higher quality product.  Once you go there, you will realize that they are worth it.  So, join the cult.
5 Tammy is the best!
4 Good work and efficient on time. Bridget does great work, and I actually found her after having her do my hair from another barber shop. Glad I found her again! I'm here every two weeks. A nice, clean haircut. I've had her shave me before too. If you haven't had a shave before, I recommend it. You literally leave feeling like a new man. Haha.   All in all, it's on the strip if you're a local, but, the quality of work makes it all worth it.   This is my spot until further notice.
5 Grethel was awesome!
5 Tammy is the greatest, shave and a cut were phenomenal. The service was great and friendly. The royal shave is worth the slight bump from the traditional shave. Call ahead for an appointment.
5 The sales rep was very knowledgeable.  She had great customer service and answered all my questions in full detail. I ended up purchasing a razor, stand and badger brush. It all matched and looks great together. The lemon shave oil smelled great and the shaving cream is so smooth and leathers up so easy. The lotion is very hydrating and leaves behind just a light fresh scent. Best products I have ever seen. True quality.
5 I would fly in for a shave like this. John is the best. His attention to detail is second to none. He makes everyone who sits in his chare feel like a celebrity
5 My wife got me a gift card here for father's day and after a long vacation a shave and haircut was much needed. Tammy was my master barber and she was FANTASTIC.  I got the royal shave and a haircut, and it was amazing. Tammy spent almost an hour just on my face. Between the hot towels, the facial, and the massage I was in heaven. Worth every penny in my opinion. Besides her expertise, Tammy was very nice and she made my experience the best it could of possibly been.
