4 One has to wonder how I could ever give a 4 star rating to a DMV?  Well, taking into consideration that you already KNOW it's going to be a two hour wait, you make the most of it.    Walking in and seeing the massive line on a Friday before a holiday, I was hesitant at first in joining the masses.  It definitely helps if someone will bear the wait with you at DMV, time goes by so much faster!    The first line you join is to tell them why you are there in the first place, and then they give you a number.  That line moved at an average speed, it wasn't so slow nor was it zipping on by.  I overheard one girl telling her companion that she's going to find someone to pretend to be her mom because she needed a parent/guardian for whatever she was up to.  When it was my turn, I hurried to the next available CS rep and after explaining my situation, which took less than 5 minutes, I was given a number.  Looking up at the number board, they were on A424.  I was A524.  I had a good wait ahead of me.   Finding a seat, I proceeded to wait it out.  I brought nail polish and gave myself a couple of coats.  I watched as other patrons snacked on popcorn and nachos that were available from the snack stand.  (Yes, there's a snack store at the DMV.  Word is they sell hot dogs and ice cream too!)  I wandered why they would serve something messy like nachos that requires your fingernails getting all up into the cheese, and then having people touch various paperwork to proceed with whatever reason they are the DMV in the first place.  As I waited, the BF showed up with chicken nuggets (more finger foods), lots of messy dipping sauces,and a yogurt parfait from the nearby McD's down the street.  This definitely helps that you can leave briefly and come back without missing your number.  (I stayed anyways...just in case!)    When I saw A524 come up, I headed to window 7.  Carol was a pleasant and joyous woman who flattered and embarrassed the hell out of me!  I had a great time with her as I filled out my paperwork and answered whatever questions I needed.  She was making my DMV experience just fabulous!  After paying and signing off my life, I proceeded to the next line.    This line had only one person in front of me, and I was next!  With a quick snap and a flash, I was all done.  Within seconds, I left with what I came for and overall, I was damn pleased.  In and out in two hours...just like what I expected.   Sidenote: I heard that the security guard wasn't very nice to a woman who had a three year old who had to pee and he wouldn't let them into the restroom because it was being cleaned.  I can't vouch for this part myself, but the whole experience really pissed off the patron who witnessed it.
5 After going to the E. Sahara and Henderson DMV's for years, we decided to go here to schedule my driving test...  This DMV is super clean, as are the bathrooms, and the line did not look long at all...  This place has plenty of parking and the customers aren't as rude as the ones at Henderson, the technicians also seemed to be nice, overall it was a great experience and a very comfortable building...
4 The DMV is never pleasant but this is as good as it gets.  I've been to this location three times.  In the past I went to the location on Carey up north which is as ghetto as it gets.  Yes, you'll see all walks of life at the DMV but this location seems to attract a more normal clientele.  There's a good 30 attendants working, which makes the wait a lot less than you might anticipate.  The most I've ever had to wait is like an hour and 15 minutes.  And someone came up with the great idea of opening up a snack shop inside the DMV.  How cool is that?  They must be making a killing.  I won't blame the place for enforcing a 250 fee for 3 days of lapsed insurance 4 years ago or the countless other nickle and diming the state does to get my money.  And you'll find the crazies trying to sign you up for every ballot petition known to man at any DMV location.  This facility is big, clean and has plenty of parking.  If you live in Vegas, bring your iPod to pass the time and go to this DMV.  It's worth it.
4 I hate going to the DMV.  I find it extremely painful and unbearable.  In fact I'd ALMOST rather do anything than go to the DMV.  I had to get my registration renewed, so I decided to go to the kiosk at the DMV.    OMG, it was sooo painless...I was out of there in 5 minutes!  All you had to do was scan the notice that you received in the mail, select your payment type, and you're done!  The registration renewal tabs pop right out in less than 5 minutes flat...and you're outta there!  (Just don't forget your smog check if you need one)  Skip the snack bar though...The three dollar soft pretzel was kind of a rip off.
4 I have to say I was entirely suprised to find this location to be very efficient. I had to pick up a DMV printout-a 10yr since thats not available online, only a 3 yr which now most places wont accept so you are still stuck having to go to the DMV to get a piece of paper to prove to an employer that you can drive yourself to work every day?!?!!?  I digress..I go here at 8:15 am was the only one in line got my # was told by the info lady go directly to that booth and i requested the prinout, paid my $7, got my receipt and my change and in less than 1 minute total got my printout and a thank you and was on my way out the door. The cigarette I had left on the ground outside my car was still burning when I went to pull away.  So the DMV wasnt so bad. Maybe faster than filling out all the info online and printing it out myself.
3 The DMV on Flamingo was efficient as hell, but packed to the gills.  I spent FOUR HOURS here before my number was called, and that's just due to the sheer amount of people that are going in for something.  All in all, it wasn't THAT awful, but my recommendation is definitely to go early in the morning. I went mid-day and it suuuuucked.
3 This DMV is packed to the gills with a 45 minute line just to pick up a number. With more efficient processes (reservations anyone?) and a more clearly written website fewer people would need less help. The one staff member we finally met was quite helpful...but it would be great if the facility was better managed.
4 Out of the other locations that I've been to (Sahara, Henderson), this is the best organized (huge) and the line seems to go the fastest. That said, you will still need to bring something to occupy your time- a book or magazine, an iPod, your cell phone, knitting, whatever- so you don't have a bad case of sheer boredom. I agree with Lily- be prepared (better check the website for what you will need) when you go here, or else you will be wasting more precious time. I know it sounds funny, but you are getting into a line to get a number to determine which other line you get into- depends on what you need to do (so, yes, you get into two lines here).   If you don't have to do the following: 1st time regsitration on a new vehicle, giving up old plates, new identification, showing proof that your car has been fixed- skip the long line by either (1) using the self-serve kiosk- you will need your stub (with your vin # etc.) from the dmv (2) annual registration can be done online.  If you're lucky you will get helped by someone who is a people- person and will assist you (has answers to your questions), because sometimes you end up with someone who is grumpy and will give you the wrong information (ie. one grumpy lady @ Sahara told me that your married name automatically changes, insisting with a very condescending tone- when I know that you have to get it done with all the right paper work- I've been through it before, lady, don't play me!).
3 The DMV has come a long way since I moved here in 1993.  The process use to take hours.....yes, that's plural hours.  Yesterday, I went in to renew my registration because I forgot and it expired 11 days ago.  I was so angry at myself this morning.  I totally blew 1/2 my day because I had to get a Smog Check & I wasn't looking forward to the DMV experience.  However, my anxiety proved to be false as I was in/out of the DMV within 40 minutes.  Here are some tips to ensure that your DMV experience goes well:  1.  Be prepared.  Bring all of your paperwork...ie Drivers License, Proof of Insurance, Old Registration (so you can provide License Plate # or VIN number if they ask).  2.  Be patient.  Even though the lines appear long, it actually goes by pretty fast.  Being impatient won't help it go any faster.  To help you relax and enjoy your time, bring your iPad or Kindle....or an old fashioned book or newspaper.  3.  Get into the Information line as quickly as possible.  There is a 2 Step process for all transactions at the DMV.  Step 1 is to get in the Info line so that you can get a number.  Step 2 is to complete the transaction after your number is called.  It's pretty simple and you'll save yourself a lot of time if you understand that no matter what, there will be a minimum of 2 lines you must wait in.  4.  There are Self Service Kiosks near Windows 1 & 2.  5.  Bring a form of payment, Credit Card, Check, or Cash.  Believe it or not, I've watched people leave because they didn't have a way to pay their fees.....seriously.  Overall, it's not a bad experience.  Will I return?  Not unless I have to.
3 Throwing up a review for the DMV since it was my first experience at this location. I must start by saying that it lived up to all expectations; above average.   Firstly, any Vegas local knows of the mental mind torture that is the Nevada DMV. This serves more of the same pie with a few improvements.  The single greatest improvement to this DMV is definitely the parking lot.  Henderson is ridiculous with its minuscule parking lot but this location has plenty of available parking on a busy day; plus.    Other than the parking you can still expect about an hour - two hours standing and another hour - two hours sitting after you pull your number.  All in all, the DMV still sucks but this location will at least have a place to park.  - Their is plenty of parking outside (Hendo, take a note) - Chairs to sit - The employees are reasonably
4 Since I've moved here to Las Vegas seven years ago, this is the only DMV location that I have been to. So really, I have no other DMV in LV to compare it to other than itself, 7 yrs ago to now.   Back in 2003 when I needed to get my driver's permit, I came here to take the exam. The line started right when you entered that front door and the place was so unorganized. I stood in that line for two hours just to find out that I didn't need to if i was taking my Permit Test, that instead there was another (short) line that I needed to stand in. A waste of damn time...why didn't anybody tell me? Well lucky me didn't pass and so the second time around, I knew what to do.   In 2004, I went to take my Driver's Test. You showed up, skipped the whole line thing, and took  your test. But, its only smooth sailing if you got an appointment, if you didn't you'll be there on stand-by probably all day. The problem was, making the appointment was like pulling my own teeth out. You needed to make an appointment per phone call. I tried physically going in, but they said to call the number. So for two days, I called and was always put on hold for two hours or more. Finally, I got an appointment. When i didn't pass that first test, I was bummed that I'd have to deal with that stupid phone thing again, but thankfully they re-schedule you on the spot.   I never had to go back to the DMV for anything since I can renew things via online. But this time around I had to make a special trip to the DMV. Just this past week, I was notified that my Vehicle Registration was expired. However, I can't register the car without a smog check and I can't drive my car out to get the smog check without a up-to-date registration because it is illegal. So I took another car to the DMV on Wednesday morning an hour before the place opened to get a One-Day Moving Permit, so I could take my car to get it smogged. There was a long line wrapped around the side of the building. "Oh, Here we go again.." I muttered as i walked to the end of the line.   To my surprise, over the last five or so years they have made major improvements. I was impressed. Fifteen mintues prior to opening, all the employees come out and ask everyone one by one what they're reason for coming was. they split everyone into three groups. One line was for registration, the other was for driving tests (written and physical) and the last is for everything else. When the doors opened at 8a, I was in and out in twenty minutes. I went home to get my car, and got it smogged, an hour later I was back at the DMV and instead of waiting in line to renew my registration, I was directed to the new Kiosks that they have there. THat took me two minutes. I paid my late fee and registration and the Kiosk printed my registration and Decal sticker right there for me, no lines!!!!
4 Let me get this outta the way, I am in no way "a FAN" of the DMV but as far as efficiency goes, 4 stars for sure!!!  ~I'm an organized individual, so I came prepared with all the appropriate documents to change my name, address and renew my license.....I think that makes it a thousand times easier.  Look online before you go; 90% of the questions you might have are probably answered for you. ~I was in and out in less than 45 minutes......!  =)   ~The staff was incredibly polite and gracious......many CONGRATS on my recent nuptials!  ~I easily could have given them 5 stars for this experience, but the "information" line was poorly marked.  I found myself asking others waiting where exactly I was supposed to go.  *Quick tips: 1. PREPARATION is the key to success...I teach, I know this as FACT! 2. Rainy days are apparently the best day to go! 3. Reading material is a plus......catch up on school work or a trashy magazine.  Either way, make sure you have something to pass the time just in case. 4. And lastly, I repeat, PLAN AHEAD...........how often do you show up somewhere having forgot to bring what you needed?
4 This is by far the best DMV in Las Vegas. I went to DMV on Flamingo on a Saturday at 10am. There were actually many parking spots available (if you've ever gone to the one over in Henderson, you know the parking there is HORRIBLE). I went in and stood in the first line to be given the correct number/ticket. Although there were about 150 people in front of me, all the counters were open so the line kept moving. When it was my turn, the clerk looked over my paperwork and gave me a number. I was 261, and they were at 220. It took 15 minutes to get to my number. I was actually there for 50 minutes from start to finish, but because the numbers were constantly being called, it seems much shorter. The clerks are nice and seem happy to be doing their job at this DMV. So much for buying a magazine and snack for what I thought was going to be a long long wait at DMV!
4 What can I say about DMV...  I'm surprised at how much better this place has gotten.  I spent only 30 minutes here for a driver's license name/address change and renewal.  I also came here previously for a car registration which only took 15 minutes.  As soon I got here I went in line to get my number, sat down, filled out the proper paperwork and as soon as I finished filling it out my number was called.  How awesome is that!  The staff was pretty cool, too.
4 I was actually impressed with this DMV location. I have lived in Hawaii and California before moving here and I have always hated going to the DMV because even though you wake up early to stand in line before the place opens, you end up spending half the day there.   Out of the three times I have been here, I have been in and out in about less than an hour. Amazing!!   1st visit: Getting a Nevada driver license. It only took about 30 minutes! I like how easy it is to get a driver license here (if you already have one in another state). Fill out the form, show proof of identity, bring your existing license, pass a vision exam, and pay. In California, they make you take a written test.   2nd visit: Vehicle registration. The employee that had helped me with my driver's license a few days before told me that I didn't need a smog check on my car. When I came in for my registration, they told me I needed a smog check. So I had to leave and come back again! Even the guy at the smog check station thought it was ridiculous that the DMV sent me there when I drive a hybrid! But whatever, gotta do what you gotta do, right? When I came back, there was a long line, but everything moved pretty quickly. I was out in about 45-50 minutes.   3rd visit: My husband finally had a day off from work and we took care of his driver license and registration. Again, it took about 30 minutes!  What I like about this DMV is that they have many employees working. I think this is the reason why the lines move much faster, compared to other DMV offices I have been too, which always seemed way too understaffed. The employees are pretty nice and they kindly answered all the new resident questions that I had. It's a pretty nice DMV office, with a big seating area and it even has a snack bar!   I guess going to the DMV wasn't that bad after all!
4 So being the newbie here in Vegas i needed to register my vehicle and get my new DL out here...I went on a Saturday morning expecting to wait over an hour. But surprisingly enough i was in and out within a half hour. Did the Vin inspection outside, walked in got the number got called within the 1st 2 min of sitting down and when i approached the counter the lady was very friendly and helpful with  all my questions and even gave me choice of plates. Def great staff there and they def know how to get you in and out as quick as possible. I would def recommend if anyone needs to re-new or update anything to do with vehicles they check out this location 1st thing Saturday morning. Alot of parking as well!
3 There has to be an easier way.  I'd rather go to the dentist than the DMV, thankfully this place is only a once a year headache.    I've been to this location 4 times in the past 3 years.  I had to go this morning to renew my registration and finally change my drivers license to my new address.  Was supposed to do it within 30 days, I've been in this new house 8 months, so timely I am not.    First off the preliminary line you have to wait in just to get a number and form is ridiculously long.  At 9 in the morning.  So I go thru this cheese maze, get my number, and wait for the glorious moment when it's called.  Thank god for the Ms Pac-Man app on my phone because I sat forever.  Crying kids, some dude that smelled like he hadn't showered since the last time Hally's comet passed by, and the small highlight of watching the police escort some woman out that I'm assuming was guilty of something fairly gnarly.  So my number finally gets called...I am the chosen one and get to process my crap at the window.  I had a British woman last time that was pretty awesome.  Not today thou, I get the super grumpy lady today...yay!  20 minutes later I get to pay $255 for a little sticker.  So the wait and prices suck!  All in all, this is a mid-level experience for me in this states DMV.  This is state #5 for me as far as being licensed to drive.  Georgia's was awesome, 10 minute waits and $39/year registration, Florida was pretty good with 30 minute waits and $50/year.  Louisiana and Illinois suck with their half-day waits and high prices, so Nevada falls right in the middle.
3 I don't like going to the DMV but if I do I'll go this location or the one in Henderson. Compared to Sahara location this is a big improvement. I'ts clean, fast, organized, and majoring of the workers are friendly, there are two older ladies who have no business working in customer service. they must have came from the Sahara location when this one opened up. Send them back please. These two beasts didnt smile once and gave me attitude when asking about things i didn't know. Don't hate me because you hate your life. Outside of these two, I've always had a good expeirence here. The AC works, not as crowded, and if your number isn't going to be called anytime soon take a walk outside or sit outside a bit. One negative is that they don't have a handicap door that opens when you push the button or come close to the door.
4 Very nearly painless!  I hate the DMV like everyone else.. In GA, you could spend your entire day fuming, and end up having to come back the next day.  Not so here. I went at about 8:30 am on a tuesday, expecting to basically spend the rest of my LIFE waiting in line. I just recently moved to Vegas, so I needed to get a new license and register my car. In GA, getting a new license takes at least one day to get through the lines to apply. The DMV SUCKS there. Then you register your car with the county tax people.  Here, you stand in line for your number, then you wait till it gets called. There were probably 30 booths, and most of them in use by employees. In less than two hours I had both my license and registration done.  The even have a snack bar that sells hot dogs and drinks.  Very well managed!
5 Most amazing place in handling driver license registration. This is the first time I've been here to change my driver license info and it was so quick and easy within 30 minutes. Randy the rep who helped me was super friendly and answered all questions and concerns accordingly. This experience was EPIC! Just a note for others out there: make sure if you out of state license has not expired bring your ss ID, out of state driver license (if not expired) and passport or birth certificate. Fee is $22 for license registration.
4 Pulling Teeth, Extra Novocane, Prize at the End!!!  Going to the DMV is like going to the dentist; You know you need to go, and it will be unpleasant, but you'll survive.    I recently had to update my address, register my car, and change my plates. I left work on Friday afternoon thinking, "My whole weekend is ruined, DMV, ROAAARRRR!!"     My visit ended up being very painless.  I showed up at about 8:00 Saturday morning with all my materials and a smile.  45 minutes later I was on my way back home.  The woman who processed my information was friendly and pleasant.  Actually, most of the staff seemed happy to be at work.  The whole place was clean, organized, and efficient.    Well done Flamingo DMV, Well done.
4 What a wild ride!!  This DMV is easy peasy! I anticipated like a 3 hour wait, I went in 2 different times as well! First time I went in was to get a temp tag for my POS. I figured they were gonna charge for this, NOPE! A entire month fo free! LOL. The wait was minimal and I went in around 10ish. The only problem I had was not being able to find where I had to get my number.  Whilst driving my carro I get pulled over and in trouble for not having a NV license, so off I went to get one the Tuesday after a holiday. Not bad at all! The wait was like 30 mins and painless! Since I had a CO license I didnt have to take the test, thank goodness!!   I primped myself for my photo and snap snap twas done!  The staff here are very nice and not jerks (the ones I was assisted by) and the wait is not horrible if you go at the right time, WITH THE CORRECT DOCUMENTS! Remember guys, bring EVERYTHING! Lol, I did and I was good to go!  Ill see you in a few weeks to get my plates! Hopefully Ill have another good experience!!
5 I was blown away how entertaining the trip to the dmv was. The people watching was top notch and the guy Brian that helped me out was hilarious and felt like we were old pals. The wait time was 20 minutes on Saturday morning so all n all had an amusing time
4 Wait times have gotten much, much better! In and out in 30 minutes the other day getting a new license. Weird to say this but... Good job DMV!
4 Wait times can be crazy but the place is fairly well organized and most of the employees have been helpful and friendly. You can check wait times on their website (dmvnv.com) or iphone app. It's also incredibly easy to renew your registration using their kiosk. I was in and out in 5 minutes. The busy times to come here are first thing in the morning and lunch hours.
2 This location is very dirty. The employees work at a very slow pace until 5pm. Then they work extremely fast so that they can go home. My suggestion is to visit this location @4:45. They will most likely have you out by 530pm
4 I've been postponing the task of coming to get a duplicate of my car title for awhile, since I know waiting at the DMV can be a total drag. However, this time I came prepared with my school books & headphones to tune out the chatter & crying children.  To be honest, the experience was painless. I stepped into the information line which moved fast and the lady that helped me wasn't the rude worker that you often encounter at these establishments. She handed me everything I needed, and I carefully picked my seat where I could comfortably read for the next hour and a half.  While waiting, I discovered some good-to-know information posted on the wall that informed of the wait times before you go in at dmvnv.com. Definitely keeping a mental note of that for next time.  By the time my number was up, I finished half of my reading assignment and again, the lady that helped me was pleasant and helpful. DMV ain't so bad if you come prepared.
5 Domo Arigato Mr. Roboto. I always dreaded going to the DMV, long lines, rude employees and hours of wasted time, it used to be a whole day ordeal. so when my plates expired I was expecting to waste one of my well deserved days off renewing my tags, when I could be somewhere else more enjoyable like.. the dentist for example. I also hate to use machines I strongly believe that they're  the reason for high unemployment but when I walked into the DMV and saw hundreds of people in line and then I saw this lonely machine in the corner I had to give my moral and ethical war against the machine a break..... Scanned my bill, swiped my plastic received my tags and I was free in a matter of minutes. Wow!  now I  have time to run my car trough the car wash, rent some movies at a red box, do some shopping on amazon and get to yelp about it.   I'm just a man whose circumstances went beyond his control.
1 Inferno Entering the DMV is like passing through the Gates of Hell.  A stench of sweat and popcorn permeate the air as you cross the threshold. Children are weeping and wailing shrieking for salvation. An immortality of pain and tears; an infinity of wretchedness and despair; await you. After waiting in the mandatory "Information Desk" line, the prince of darkness will assign you a number.  A quick glance at and the red glowing board reveals a mere 300 victims to go.  Rows of wretched souls, dammed for all eternity, are seated in the first circle of Hades. They are craning their necks watching the board, waiting for their number to appear.   A number that will never appear.  After a while, hunger will set in.  The DMV continues to provide, with a snack-bar from the underworld. Five dollar corpse meat hot dogs are the fanfare. The "food" items appear to be brought in the trunk of an Oldsmobile  after a run to Costco. Tepid flat soft-drinks help wash down the insult.  The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time. If you attempt to escape the air of brimstone for a few minutes by sitting outside. You will be greeted by an unwashed woman out front wandering around sifting through the ashtrays picking out discarded cigarettes.  She finds a pack of discount brand smokes and opens the lid, it is empty.  She crushes the box and tosses it down the rubbish container. Hanging off her bottom lip is dangling her trophy, a half smoked butt.   Purgatorio Back inside is a purgatory inhabited by maloven demons whose desire is to make their  visitors as miserable as themselves. Their eyes seemed like rings from whence the gems were gone. It is not surprising, they have to work at the lake of fire every day.  Lucifer's computerized voice constantly drones out meaningless numbers. "G7123" the machine spews. The condemned peek at their little wrinkled scraps of paper and moan. You wait and wait. When it is time to go to the window, you realize you will feel even worse soon. "I cannot understand why I am here at all" you tell the ex-angel behind the counter.  "All those things evil things people said about me are just rumors", you plead. "You have sign an affidavit of non-operation", the beast announces with an evil grin. The only way out is to ratify the agreement with a pen that writes in red. They take hideous portraits that can only be intended to diminish the character of the card holder.   To call what they do bad service would be a disservice since it is not service at all. Do not believe the wait time listed on the internet.  It is merely a trick to lure the uninformed. Count on two and an half hours in the Black House to reflect upon the gloomy fate bestowed upon you.  Paradiso There is escape. Run through an overfilled parking lot while you can.  Run through the gauntlet of voter registrars. Flee past the two men exchanging big wads of cash behind a pickup's door. Any direction will do. After all, any place is better than the DMV.  "The path to paradise begins in hell."  Dante Alighieri
4 An hour wait at the DMV. Sounds too good to be true, but it is not unheard of at the Rainbow location. When we got our ticket, we were sixty+ people from being called. Less than an hour later; we had the paperwork submitted, a picture taken, and were out the door. The staff was actually friendly and were not despondent when it came to helping. My friend didn't know if she had to go to the social security office first to submit her name change or to the DMV. Apparently it is SS first, but the lady behind the desk got her manager to override it. Both were nice about it. If this is the new mindset of their employees, I might start to believe their "Yes! I can help you" slogan.
4 Its not a place ill ever love going, but at least its becoming more efficient. the last few people i knew had to go there said they were in and out within an hour... and myself included. I went to renew my license and it took me 50 min! plus the guy that called my number was so pleasant, i just can't believe it. maybe the best experience I've ever had there..or any DMV for that matter.
5 Living in California, I have always dreaded going to the DMV. Every visit was hot, smelly, and chaotic...not to mention taking hours and hours for even a new license picture.  This DMV was the complete opposite! The Flamingo DMV is the biggest, most efficient one I have been to. I had to transfer over my registration and license from CA to NV and thought it would take FOREVER..especially since I was going in on a Friday at opening time on the first day of the month. In just under 2 hours, I did everything including getting a VIN inspection on-site and taking the written drive test (which is computerized...AWESOME!).   The staff is helpful and quick. There is even a snack bar where I got a diet coke for the wait. The bathrooms are even clean...such an unimaginable dream for a place like the DMV! I walked out of the building completely shocked at what had just transpired in such a short amount of time. This is the one to go to, guys. You won't be disappointed.
4 It's the DMV the place you waste your Saturday on but not if you use the kiosk they provide in the back with a helper.  This is a wonderful computer in the back of the DMV.  It takes registration renewals and DL renewals so if you have the postcard they sent you in the mail then you are using this machine to get you in and out in less than 5 minutes.  It takes credit cards and cash.  This is the only way to experience the DMV.
3 I went before it open- i was in and out and in with 18 mins. It told longer because the service rep was moving and processing everything very slow.
3 Sorry, but I will never say anything good about the DMV, they are always slow, and their prices are ridiculous. I bought a new car and wanted to keep the same plates but wanted new ones because mine were all bent and stuff. They told me it would be $9 (which was fine) but if I wanted to change ANYTHING on it (the background and or any  letters/numbers) it would be $90. What the hell is the difference??? They have to grab a license plate and put mine on the printer, does it matter if they choose one off the stack with a different background or type into the computer a different letter/# that is RIDICULOUS.
3 It's the DMV.  But I have always found that going Mid week. Mid month is best time to go .. very short wait - Relatively speaking and its too early for the staff to start  taking their 4 hour, union mandated breaks and three hour lunches. .  The west flamingo office is great.  Large waiting area and security keeps the riff raff outside. it has a snack bar and plenty of parking
4 I'm new in town, so when I walked into the DMV on Flamingo I couldn't believe my eyes.  The first thing you see if a snack bar...which made my first thought, "geez if people need snacks, how long are they waiting?"  Once I got in line and got my number I tried to figure out the system.  I'm still not 100% on it but I knew that I was about 130 people away from my number in the G group being called.  There was only about an hour until it was 5pm and I had no clue if your number didn't get called if you were out of luck or you would be waited on.  Luckily, it's not a hard stop at 5 and I was able to wait until my number was called.  Overall I waited about an hour and twenty minutes.  As long as you have a cell phone, book, iPad, or something to keep you occupied the time goes by really fast.  I will say that the system was the most efficient I've seen (it almost has to be for the large area it has to service).
3 I was attended quickly and was explained what I had to do I recommend this DMV it's very freindly
4 What can I say..  Just got a new car and had to be here.. FUN.  Glad it wasn't a long wait.  The rep I had was helpful and nice.  Only 4 stars becuase I am thinking our City can have better system so we don't have to spend hours waiting....
3 I was very surprised I was in and out of the dmv for new vehicle registration in a hour,they must have a new system going because its never been that quick I was very relieved
4 Recently moving from a lifetime in Chicago, the DMV in LV was a dream from my past experiences of waiting in chaotic long lines to get helped by cranky old ladies. Upon arriving, we entered a line to ensure we had all the correct documentation needed. Once approved, we were given a number and directed to sit. SIT... not stand for 2-3 hours? Wow, that's what I call organized. An LCD display quietly directed you to a desk number where we were called within the hour (go early or you may end up waiting for much longer as we saw as the day progressed) and the 3 of us went together. The attendant was well informed, professional and NICE. My son had to retake the written drivers test as he was under 21 (just took it 6 months ago), but was taken immediately to the testing area and was done and graded in 20 minutes. The photo line was quick and we received our new license by mail within the week!
4 DMV typically is not popular. Today I find it a lot better. Check the website and it gives you the wait time for each location. Pick the shortest and go for it.  I had to turn in plates , get the credit and use it to register a different vehicle.   the place looks a little grim but I waited for about 10 minutes. I was helped quickly and in a friendly manner.   Nobody wants to go to the DMV , but with many available services online and information regarding your expected wait easily available , it nee not be a drama.  PS The staff tell me "don't go on a short week", it is the craziest time.
4 Never thought I'd be reviewing a DMV, but here it goes: every time I come to the Flamingo DMV, I'm in and out in a very reasonable amount of time (usually about 30 minutes).  I've not had a surly DMV clerk yet, which seems nothing short of amazing!  This DMV is really efficient with its queues, as there are probably about 30 wickets at which you process your request.  Numerous flashing lights indicate what number is up and where that number holder is supposed to go.  Bring a book or Kindle or iProduct to pass the time.  If/when I go back to this DMV, I'll update my review, but until then, I'm happy enough to go when I have to because I have no reason to dread my visit.  :)
5 Fast and friendly this time. I'm shocked..
5 Had a descent experience at the DMV.  Was only waiting an hour and the lady i got was pleasant enough !
5 Compared to the DMV's in CA OMG this one is great.   30+ Windows and a snack bar are you kidding me.     Everyone has a smartphone to keep them busy for 30-120min. but damn this place has a ton of foot traffic.    Very Organized.   Avoid Lunch Hours Times Double
4 regardless of what people say about the dmv i think theyre doing a good job of getting things done. the system theyve been using has been really efficient and quick. a lot of the employees are really nice if you actually sincerely talk to them instead of treating them like poop. although i think they shouldnt allow kids to run, scream, and play on the chairs. the same goes for adults.
5 Been coming here for years. They are effecient and fast regardless what people say. If you get a grumpy worker its because they've been dealing with a$$holes all day. Be nice and patient with them. I've always had short conversations with all the people that help me and they're always nice. A few didn't want to really talk, but that's just their personality. BE PATIENT AND COURTEOUS!:
4 After 2 years of living here I finally did it. I applied for my local ID! I guess the dread of going to the DMV seemed daunting and I couldn't bring myself to go until I drove past this one and saw the parking lot nearly empty.  After I made a quick stop at my house to pick up the proper documents I went back. Parking was a breeze even got a front row spot. SCORE! Jumped in the info line and was helped by a flirtatious older man who was nothing but smiles and compliments. He gave me the dreaded number and I went to entertain myself with Yelp reviews, instagram, Facebook and solitaire. YAY for my iPhone. 30 mins later and feeling full of social media my number was called. I sat dpwn w a less friendly employee but not rude. She did her job and didn't even ask me for proof of my residence just a 13.00$ fee for the ID. I skipped over to the photo line...well there was no line actually just me and the camera. CHEESE  Walked out past the snack bar!? Really! And left the DMV motivated to handle more of the things I've been putting off!
5 If you know anyone who loves going to the DMV, you're a liar. That out of the way, I was impressed by the level of efficiency with which the DMV of LV on West Flamingo operated.   With big, bright windows, the DMV is (dare I say it) inviting! And a snack bar to boot? Really? I went before work one weekday, hoping not to be more than an hour late. I was actually on time, and my documents arrived a week sooner than projected.  Not that there's much of a choice when it comes to taking care of official business, but if you are choosing between DMV locations in The Valley, I strongly suggest this one!
5 Having just moved from California to Nevada I had to register my car here and get my new state license. Generally, I am not a fan of DMV's because they're always loud, full of really sketchy weirdos, and are staffed with employee's who have been there so long it seems that their souls have been drained. Honestly though I can't blame them, if I had to work at the DMV I think I would have gone nuts my first week.  So the first difference between a Nevadan DMV and a Californian DMV? Parking! You Nevadan's are blessed. This site has a HUGE lot and I was actually able to find parking by the building's entrance. I'm used to circling the lot for at least 20 minutes or having to park 3 blocks away on a side street and then making my way back to the DMV. So kudos on that!  And the second and biggest difference between this DMV and any I've been in California? You guys have a concession stand INSIDE the DMV! Yeah, I said it, you guys sell snacks! Prices weren't too bad either. I paid $2 bucks for a 24oz Sprite while I waited for my number to be called.   You also have restrooms. I can't say that any DMV I've been to in California has had restrooms. At least I never had to use any so I might have just overlooked them back home, but still, you guys keep the amount of urine on the floor of your men's room to a minimum. Which is no small feat considering how many people visit any given DMV field office a day!  Now unto the service portion of my review: I have mixed feelings about knocking off a star and not giving this place a perfect score, namely because out of the 4 employee's I dealt with 2 of them were pretty rude. The first lady I interacted with was the one that gives you your number after you tell her what you're there for. She never greeted me and when she told me what to fill out she almost threw the number at me. It was very dismissive and I would be shocked at her behavior, but like I said, it's the DMV, so meh! Roll with the punches young padawan!  The second person I meet was awesome! So my number is called and I sit down and tell this older husky guy (I think his name was Mike) what I needed and he was really nice. He was cracking jokes, telling me stories, and warning me not to form a gambling addiction. After I fill out my paper work I go and get my picture taken. The lady who manages the line wasn't "rude" as much as she was apathetic. I honestly felt she didn't care that I was in line and it seemed like she was going through the motions. Anyhoo, she sends me to this other lady - who was really nice and upbeat- and who took my photo. After everything is said and done I go back to Mike, he gives me my plates, I pay the state of Nevada almost what I pay for rent in my apartment to get my car registered and my temporary license and I am outta there.  Again, if it wasn't for Mike and the concession stand this would be a 4/5 review. But customer service and snacks go a long way at keeping a fat guy happy.  NOTE: Forgot to mention this but my total wait time from getting my number to it actually being called was around 1hr 40mins. So be prepared to wait! Luckily I had my ipod.
4 Going to the DMV is like going to the doctors/dentist. I HATE IT. I try to avoid it at all cost.  But moving from Cali to NV, I had no choice but to come here. I was forced and dragged by the damn Las Vegas Constable!!!! Still upset about them fining my ass.  Anyways...it was quick and painless. Much less hectic than I thought it would. Perhaps I came early (around 8:30am and they opened at 8am) and I only had to wait about 30minutes? It goes by pretty quick when your phone is fully charged so you can be entertained by social media and/or games.  I had to get the whole she-bang done...car registration, personalize license plate request, driver license renewal. Ahhhh....sounds crazy but it honestly wasn't too bad. As long as you are prepared and have all your paperwork filled out it will go by smoothly. It also helped that the female asisting me with everything was friendly and patient.   Even though I gave this a 4 star rating, I do not plan to come here again if I don't need to.
1 Today I went to DMV on flamingo People are talking more than working, 3 people were  sitting together on window 6,  they laugh out loud without out calling the next number for 10 mins, one guy on window 6 was fixing girl's  hair , no smile to customer, finally I got call to window 7, when I had to make a decision, I was thinking, he said do you want to do it or not, repeated  4 times like I can't hear it, tell me I can leave the window and wait on line again, I expect all government depart people has no smile, cause they won't get fire like we do, I can't believe we have to take it. Why do we have to pay taxes for that.
4 First let me start by saying that I'm not a fan of DMV, mainly because they just want me money LOL!   I got woken up early this morning by my wife because we needed to go register a vehicle we had just purchase not too long ago, it seems the 30 day moving permit expired today. We arrived at the DMV around 8:15am and I was shocked as to what happened next.........THERE WAS AN OPEN PARKING SPOT IN THE FRONT WIN!!!! \('.')/. Having come to the DMV for several years I don't think I have ever had the opportunity to park in the front parking you know the one by the door that's not handicap the only parking that is always hawked by everyone and their mother well it was open and not a soul was hawking it WIN!!!!!   After the marvelous parking that we got we proceeded inside and since it was Thursday there was literally NO line at the information counter SECOND WIN!!!!! We received our ticket sat down and with 15 minutes 30 numbers had been called I could not believe it. I wondered if they fed the staff red bulls before the start of their shift because they were just knocking people out left and right!! When our number was called the window which we went to was at the end of our chairs THIRD WIN!!!! The lady at the counter was extremely helpful and processed my replacement ID forms in less than 3 minutes. And then she did the registration for the vehicle and that went fairly quick too.  We left the DMV at 8:45 I COULD NOT BELIEVE IT SO MORAL OF THE STORY GO TO THIS DMV ON THURSDAY AND EXPECT NOTHING BUT WINS!!!!! LOL
4 I know this is going to sound crazy, but this is my favorite DMV. Yes, you heard me right, I have a favorite. I'm from LA and I'm used to LA lines at the DMV. When I moved here I was absolutely flabbergasted by the ease with which I am able to conduct all my DMV needs at DMV's here in Nevada.   The waits can get long, but the service is pretty efficient and we never have to wait too long. I always prefer coming to this location if I need something having to do with the DMV.
3 Ok, So who likes the DMV? I'd have to say absolutely no one!!! Lets face it, no person on this earth likes waiting hours on end to over pay to register a vehicle. None the less to have to pay registration based on the MSRP of the vehicle, not its current value, however the DMV experience is getting better. The staff is friendly and helpful and they are now offering a snack bar to accommodate your hunger needs while waiting. The facilities could be cleaner i must say, but at least they have toilet paper... they used to never have toilet paper.
5 Quick review:  I'm a new resident so needed the works. Drove into the conveniently located West Flamingo DMV Tuesday at 11am and walked out by 12pm (with a fresh bag of popcorn) Painless!!!   Extended Review: For anyone putting this off I was DREADING this experience, even losing sleep over it. I put it off long enough until I got a notice from the LV Constable and had to pay $100 fee. Not worth it for how easy this was. I intended to go right at 8 to avoid the crowd but overslept. Heading in at 11 I knew I set myself up for disaster. Being a new resident I needed new registration & drivers license and needed all the right documentation, Nevada insurance, etc. It took me a day of preparation and reading all the tips on the DMVNV website. I printed all the paperwork out and filled it out ahead of time, even checked on personalized plate # availability to be sure I can get what I want.   Drove in right at 11 & found easy parking. After almost forgetting about the VIN inspection I walked back to my car and waited in a 4 car line. This was probably the most annoying part of the process because I felt the employees seemed like they were taking their time. But in reality what seemed like forever only took 8 minutes from me waiting in line to driving out with the voucher.   Found another convenient parking spot gathered my paperwork & removed my license plates (REMEMBER to bring a tool). 1 person in front of me for the info line, since I already had my paperwork I didn't even have to sit and talk, she gave me a # and I headed straight to the crowded main waiting area. I got my ticket at 11:15 and was called by 11:40. Was helped by JANET (so nice & helpful) handed her my paperwork & she separated everything and worked quickly, all I needed to do was sign some papers and make the payment. If you do the registration estimate online it helps with any shock you may have. I was then sent over to take the ID photo (I should have stopped in the restrooms first, there are no mirrors around the photo area). After waiting in like a 10 person line for a minute I realized I was waiting in the "testing" line. They are right next to each other so be careful. I missed the photo line because there was none! No wait at all even in a crowded building. Walked right up and took my photo. Everyone I encountered was nice or at the least not unpleasant at all. Smelled the popcorn and grabbed a bag on my way out at 12:01pm.    I walked out happy and accomplished. I say the actual process itself took me less than 45 min & that's stretching it. Easiest, fastest, most pain free DMV experience I've ever had. Coming from Chicago that means a lot.
3 First - A Complaint. Notice the glamorous women below, reviewing the DMV. I did not see any similar at the DMV this afternoon! Read their reviews anyway because they give you all the info you need. I too am from out of state and registered my car today, without getting caught be the (soon to be out of jobs) constables. From start to finish it took me two hours and about 95% was waiting, seated in the crowd. Things only speed up when it was nearly 5:00 PM, so I guess more workers were put on the public desks.     Personally, I think waiting two hours for a ten minute process is excessive. Maybe Nevada could put, the registration of vehicles from out of state, online and, if required, just have a faster check actually at the DVM office.       Since I still have to get a Nevada drivers license, I wish that was online too. All the states ought to get together on this DMV business of registering cars and issuing drivers licenses and do it over the Internet. Drivers licenses should not be used as official IDs anyway. If we need a government ID, put it in the Constitution.     How ironic that it is MUCH easier to Buy, Keep, and Use a Gun, than to register a car and drive it legally. Also, a lot less expensive. We should issue gun registers to people  and require them to take tests on gun safety and use. Fees should be as much or more than those for motor vehicles.      Finally, next time I go to DMV, I except more of you Las Vegas cuties to be there, so I don't wast my time looking at my iPhone.  LOL
3 Who likes the DMV? Nobody. Then why do I give it a 3 star? For the self-service kiosks, where you can be in and out in less than 10 minutes. It's the best thing they could have done to help keep people moving. Now the only time I dread going is when I have to actually see a human to get done what I need. Visit the website to see what you can get done at the kiosk. And they have kiosks in other businesses (AAA's, grocery stores, etc) around Las Vegas, so check that out.
4 This office has gone down hill from when I used them for the first time 10 years ago. The amount of seating has shrunk by more than half. The staff don't seem to enjoy their job much. But I still gave then 4 stars cause some how the wait time has not increased to an unbearable amount of time. Anyone who thinks under 1.5 hours is a lot, get over to California and try 6 hours standing with no seating!!  And no snack bar.
5 MOST EFFICIENT GOVERNMENT-RUN ESTABLISHMENT EVER.  Seriously. Why can't the California DMVs be like this? This is definitely something Nevada has on Cali. And a full snack bar selling even healthy snacks like fruit salads? Am I still at the DMV?!  Every single person I've met here is super nice and accommodating. I've had to borrow a screwdriver from the people at the vehicle inspection to take my license plate off, then borrow it again to put it back on. I've had to wait for the California DMV to get back to me because I lost my registration and the woman helping me (her name is Marilyn and she is awesome) went above and beyond to make the process as smooth as possible. Even the TVs have entertaining content on them, such as trivia about celebrities (go figure).  A word of advice: you can get your number, then leave to get a smog check across the street and come back in time to get served. I recommend Auto Tech on Durango five minutes away. They have a yelp deal where you get $10 for $25, which is how much a smog check costs. Coincidence? That price is unheard of in California.  Anyway, I am impressed. Never did I think I would walk out of the DMV not wanting to shoot it up. Joking... shout out to Marilyn :)
4 The biggest plus for Nevada DMVs is that I can check the wait time online before I even step foot in the building.  And for the most part it is usually accurate.  The downside, having to take your picture over multiple times because their system does not recognize your current hair color from the last hair color in your previous picture.  My hair is usually black, but I went dark brown right around the time that I needed a new picture for my license.  Because of this I had to take my picture over at least 4-5 times.
4 This is going to sound absurd, I know.. But my few visits here in the few days have been painless and easy.   Come early, that's my advice. Got here at 720 and was 11th in line. They actually opened at 745am and the lady told me they do that everyday. Awesome! I was out and done by 8am.   You can check online as well what the wait times are so save yourself the waiting hassle and do that if your not coming early
3 This office is efficient and the lines move quick, as long as it is not on a Monday or Friday. During the middle of the week is usually the best time to go, if you want to avoid long wait times. The staff is friendly.
4 I've never been a DMV hater as many people I know have been.  All you need to do is take a book or your smartphone with Angry Birds on it and off you go.  I like the way Nevada DMV has put the self-serve kiosks around the city including at the AAA office in Summerlin.  Renewing your registration is very easy.  Get your car smogged, go to the kiosk, scan your postcard, pay, and then walk out with your new plate sticker.  Done!  With a new car, you have to show up at DMV or pay someone to wait in line for you.  It's no big deal!  I went in to this Flamingo Office today and my number was 445.  They were waiting on customer 370 something when I got there.  Even so, I was out of the office with the new car registered and the plate transferred in less than an hour.  Not bad DMV.  Keep up the good work.  Oh, and by the way, come up with a way that this one thing could also be done electronically.  You have all the information.  Let's just go from there.
1 DMV is the worst experience ever, you sit in chairs like you are in detention, waiting to talk to a person for 3 hours, then when you get to the front of the number system, as you watch each number counted down to you, for 3 HOURS, you are so exausted, its like you need to fall on the desk and cry.  Then they want an eye test.   Insanity...I cant see when Im tired!  lol
4 Not to terribly busy right now! I t isn't bad for a DMV, light and airy. The number system seems to help the flow, the people we dealt with were pleasant.
4 I prefer this DMV over all the others ive been to in Las Vegas because of shorter wait times and the employees were just alot nicer here. Definitely using this location for now on.
4 I am a new resident to Nevada so I had to get a new ID.  Come early if you can.  If you can't get up early bring a book or device to pass the time.  When I walked in I immediately noticed the stark difference between this office and DMV locations in California.  This is a beautiful location with tons of parking, even a snack bar for people who can't make it hours without food or water.    Belinda was the first and last lady to help me.  She was polite friendly and made it very easy to do what she needed done.  I had to take a driving test and after, Belinda helped me again.  Thanks for being pleasant and cheerful.    When it came time to get my photo done Tyrone was the gentleman that helped me initially. He was cheerful and chatted with all of us in line as we waited.  He said he loved Nevada and even though his friends live in California he planned on staying at his job and home which he loved.    There was a third lady who was in the testing area with blonde hair and glasses.  She was also very helpful and friendly, but I forgot to get her name.   Thanks to everyone on staff for making what should have been a dreaded day, a pleasant experience.  The only reason I gave the DMV 4 stars is because you can't book appointments, and the long wait times.
4 I've always had good luck at this location. The employees are nice, and helpful.  Even if they can't do what you needed (because the instructions were not clear enough online), the woman I dealt with the other day was kind, and professional, and gave me an option that will save me money.    Its clean, and I've *so far* never had to wait longer than 30 minutes before being helped.  :)
4 The DMV seems to have come a long way. There's a snack bar in there now?  Wait times are no longer horrifying. Gone are the days when it took 20 minutes just to get a numbered ticket. Our overall wait time was about 15 minutes. I think the shift to online transactions has helped tremendously in this regard.
1 Having now lived in 3 states in 3 years I've had quite enough of the DMV and its varying rules from place to place but to say that the NV DMV is the worst yet would be an understatement.  Truly filthy facilities, vastly overpriced services, poor infrastructure, and quite possibly the rudest clerks I have ever encountered combine to create an experience even worse than it needs to be.  Note to those moving to the state, even though the "everything you need to know" paperwork does not state these facts please keep the following in mind.  In order to process license and registration you will need not only a "VIN Inspection" but also a Smog Check - the later listed as "if necessary" on the form but "absolutely necessary" unless your car was purchased less than 365 days prior to the process.  Expect long waits.  Expect to spend at least $300.  And if you're really lucky expect the computer system to crash and the cops to be called in order to maintain order as people you can't even imagine able to afford a car get all up in arms while you sit there what you did in a past life to warrant such a debacle.
4 DMV is often times mentioned in the same sentence as the word hell and many times its a justifiable reason. Whether its the rude workers, clusterfuh of people, the long wait time, or tiring paperwork, I've come to terms with the DMV. It's just not that bad.  1. When I was friendly to the several workers I spoke to, they were friendly back.  2. The normal US citizen drives, it is going to be a cluster, so set that alarm clock and go earlier, beat those folks who can't wake up early (me).  3. Okay sure the wait time sucks, I was there for 2.5 hours, BUT I was able to watch a podcast, eat lunch, draw, and take a poop. Bring something to do and make yourself productive.  4. Read everything, the paperwork is so straight forward, please don't mess this up.  Honestly the DMV has provided many amenities for you, a kiosk to get you in and out, clearly labeled lines, abundance of paperwork availability, a SNACK BAR, bathrooms, and chairs everywhere.   http://dmvnv.com/ tells you the current wait time for all Nevada DMV locations.  At least the DMV for most of us is only an once a year thing, and usually that can be taken cared of at the kiosk.
3 Not bad, actually. I came on a Saturday morning and I did not encounter apathetic, disgruntled employees who could care less about being there nor did I have to wait that long (I would say an hour and a few minutes). I've waited much longer in California. I got my license renewed much faster than anticipated and retook my picture. It cost $42 (?) to renew though. Ugh.   I wish there were charging stations for your phones and perhaps, sell some healthy food at the food stand. But I think I'm pushing it. Besides the limited parking, not a bad DMV. Just check the website for wait times before coming.
1 Been here 2 hours and still over 100 people ahead of me. Grew up in New York where registering a car still costs $65, not based on value of your vehicle. As a business owner sometimes I don't understand government run choices. I have no issue with higher fees, but then things should be more efficient. It gets frustrating watching employees work 1 hour and leave while I continue to wait.
5 out of all the DMV i have been to in my life, this is the MOST efficient and friendly!!! the workers there are polite, not ghetto or yelling or bossy like those in CA!!! When was the last time you remembered a DMV working smiling and do small talk with you???
1 If a could give this place no stars I would.   It the epidemy of horrible customer service.  You would think that if you job requires you to work with the public you would have some people skills!  Completely opposite.  The girl with NO name badge behind the drive test counter is a total rude bitch.  No need for attitude at 8 am.  It's too early for that. The African American lady that performs the driving tests is also super rude.  Not only did she discriminate against my partner for not speaking English,  she keeps looking at me crazy with dirty looks because she knows she's wrong and she wants to talk shit about him because of his legal status and poor English.  Guess what you have to work like the rest of us and if u don't like your job get another one you pair of lazy rude ass bitches.  Karma is a bitch and you'll get yours.  We will be back until he passes the driving test so you haven't seen the end of us!!
5 first time coming in on a Saturday. there was a lot of ppl. the whole process took hour half. pretty good in my opinion.
4 This place open at 8am.  I got here at 815 with ticket #185!! What the?! -_-    Try to avoid this place if you can. Do not procrastinate.  Re register your vehicles early online...or if you aren't computer savvy come in and use the self kiosk.    Luckily from past experiences of being late on registration the fees are not that bad. If you just explain that you've been on vacation they'll drop your fees to one day vs whatever they may actually be.   The people that I've encountered here have never been rude or unpleasant so the experience isn't that bad.  Its one of those errands that have to be done. I always find a parking spot. AC is always blasting. Bring some headphones or a book with you and you're set.
4 This DMV seems to be one of the busiest in town. Since we all need the DMV at some point why fight the issue.  The place is like any DMV with many people waiting in line. Has a restrooms and a snack bar,  which I noticed this for the first time.   Staff are emotionless, if you are ever interested in watching human robots,  head on over to the DMV.  otherwise just get you ticket, take a seat, and enjoy the show.
