1 Curse of the $5 coffee.      I was no where near Las Vegas when they charged this... But I was there in October.   Could it be that Las Vegas Venetian's Coffee Bean patternistically puts in repeat charges?!   Transaction Date:  05/18/2006   Post Date:  No Additional Information   Transaction Description:  COFFEE BEAN/TEALEAF LAS VEGAS         NV  RESTAURANT CHARGES     Charge:  $5.55   Merchant Address:  THE COFFEE BN & TEA LEAF   3377 LAS VEGAS BLVD S     LAS VEGAS NV 89109-8910   USA     Merchant Type:  FOOD FRUIT GOURMET   Doing Business As:  THE COFFEE BN & TEA LEAF    Want proof I wasn't there in Las Vegas? See the receipts for  SF Starbucks (Palo Alto) http://www.creditcard.org/Credit-Card-Fraud/Starbucks-Palo-Alto-CA-Credit-Card.htm  and  SF Nordstrom coffee (also in Palo Alto)  http://www.creditcard.org/Credit-Card-Fraud/Nordstrom-Palo-Alto-CA-Credit-Card.htm where the transaction dates are the same 05/18/2006.
5 One of the things I miss the most about LA life - the Coffee Bean. This place outshines Starbucks in every capacity ... I wish they'd come to the East Coast already!  The chai ice blended is my particular poison. Delicious, perfectly blended, pretty low in calories and topped with a light whipped cream (unlike Starbucks, whose whipped cream alone is 100+ calories).  This spot is a must-visit when I make it to Vegas, since I rarely make it back to LA. So glad it's here, in one of my all-time fave hotels, the Venetian. The staff is always nice, and the quality of drinks is great. Can't ask for more. :)
5 I am addicted to coffee. I love iced coffee even MORE that I really should.   CB&TL makes an iced Americano that beats any "normal" iced coffee, hands-down. 3 shots of freshly pulled espresso, a touch of water and ice. Add my 3 sugar in the raw packets and a little half and half, and it's PERFECTION! Never bitter. In fact, one time, wayy back it was too weak, and I told the barista and he remade my drink perfectly.  The daytime staff is tops. Friendly and efficient, they remember how I like my coffee. A plus since I get it nearly 5 times a week!  Steve is a great barista, and a friendly guy. The whole crew there is awesome!
3 I think its awesome that I was able to find a Coffee Bean in Las Vegas, expecially because I love their drinks!  However, because this is in Vegas, and inside a Casino/mall, expect to pay a premium for your drink (hence the lower rating).  I ordered a regular vanilla ice blended. Should come out to about $4 in LA, but I paid $6 (ok, $5.95, so I'm just rounding up). Don't get me wrong, I'll still go by and get one, but you can be sure I'm feeling the pinch on my wallet when I go.
4 The Coffee Bean has great coffee! Of course it costs a fortune as it's inside a hotel but the flavor is good and beats Starbucks for sure. They have lots of options and are happy to accomodate any of your crazy requests. The morning and evening staff here is friendly.
4 Kosher... for those who care. The cafe is 24 hour... yay. The coffee is decent. My Bagel wasn't that good, but you shouldn't come here for food :)
3 Another Va Bene Cafe (at the Cosmopolitan) equivalent.   Nestled in a comfy location along the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian, this cute little coffee bean branch boasts really good coffee. I ordered a hot hazlenut latte coupled with a tuna sandwich, and also got my friend a swedish berry iced tea. They were all a wonderful burst of flavor and the coffee did a great job waking my groggy self up (I was book burying earlier during the day)   My only problem was how those 3 items added up to nearly $18! Soon enough, I found out that my coffee was a startling $5 and the tuna sandwich was another $3-4.  I immediately remembered how I had to pay the same amount of money at the cosmo for a comparatively smaller cup of coffee and a muffin. Deja Vu, per say? It's still the strip afterall and picking that location to hang out after an art gallery event at the Wyland Galleries meant that I shoud've known what was to be expected of the pricin g, let alone the fact that we were at the Venetian.   So I'm scratching the whole pricing issue and focusing on the positive instead- their coffee! Quality was better than starbucks and our barrista was pleasant. Seating was a little cramped but lucky enough there weren't a lot of people lounging there at the time so we had ample free space and privacy to talk. It was a refreshing night and if I do stop by the venetian for another event in the future, I may consider coming back here.
2 Very average if so, and expensive for the product.  Coffee is again very average with almost bland consistency.  Bought 2 different baked goods and they were dry and slightly oily as if the had been sitting out somewhere all day.  Location was the only thing which made me try this place.  I'd suggest go to Bouchon or Cafe Presse
4 Free wifi with purchase of an item. Score!!    This place is a little bit of heaven while in the Sin City.  I was out here for a conference and had some work to get done.  I went here a couple of days using the free WI-FI and drinking all the various teas they offer.    Great service, huge selection, and good customer service.
4 It's a coffee bean, so don't look for some sort of Seattle micro-roaster quality. However! The hot chocolate-best of the chain coffee shops. I will remain loyal to your chocolatey goodness Coffee Bean.   P.S. Some healthy snacks available! Bag of nuts, oatmeal, bananas etc..
4 Decided to grab a couple of matcha green tea lattes.  I paid extra for double matcha in each latte.  The flavor was very smooth with a slight sweetness.  I would definitely try another one of the these.   Very tasty.
2 Overpriced and under-whelming. Better coffee at MCDonald's. No full-flavored roasts... tastes like hot water. Got a cookies as well and it was $4... and dry as a bone. Nough said.
5 Kurt, Ali and Danny are great!  Come and see them!
3 Ah, conventions in Las Vegas sometimes brings you to places you didn't planned to go! I had some time to waste while at the Venetian late in the afternoon and decided to find a place to get a chai latte. I found this little chain store within the "Gran Canal Shoppe" area and it did do the job. Service was nice.
5 I fell in love with their White Chocolate Mocha, when I tried it for the first time at their SF location. When I saw it in the Venetian, I ran straight to the coffee joint to buy myself a cup of that heaven. Excellent, as always!
3 Conveniently located within the Palazzo right next to the elevator entrance, cleverly placed if you ask me.   Service was quick and efficient for a Saturday morning. I'd say they pretty much got the rhythm of things. However, I did feel extremely rushed when placing my order which was kind of annoying since I don't frequent CBTL that often.   Overall Good location and decent staff.
4 Needed a caffeine fix during a trip to the Venetian, and The Coffee Bean seemed like an oasis in the desert - just what I needed!  I love blended frappe coffees and their Chocolate Hazelnut did not disappoint; ordered the large (regular seemed disappointingly small) and did not regret it.  Only downside was the Strip price, but at least I got quality for the $$.
3 The employees are very friendly and the location is great, but I'm not crazy about their drinks. My latte came out extremely hot, so tried to connect to the wifi while letting it cool. The wifi never connected and I didn't really enjoy the taste of the latte, so I threw most of it away and continued on to Starbucks to. The prices are pretty similar, but Starbucks is a little cheaper and offers more sizes and variety.    I generally try to support small coffee shops, but it doesn't seem worthwhile when traveling. Starbucks provides a much more consistent experience and has great free wifi without having to deal with pass codes. Coffee Bean was definitely a waste of time and money for me, but I'll give three stars due to location and friendly staff.
5 Had the blood orange tea. It was truly refreshing and was very sweet. The sugar gave me a jolt and allowed me to visit a few more casinos along the strip. The server was very friendly and answered my questions on the sweetness and gaver her opinion. She was very knowledgable about the products, which is a great reflection on the business. I had an expired groupon and she didn't bat an eye. She knew how to handle those. This is definitely a stop for me when I visit the Venetian next time.
3 Anything that isn't that overpriced overhyped overrated Starbucks is good for me.  I like that the Venetian is one of the few casino that has a Coffee Bean.  They are located in the Grand Canal Shoppes and do a fairly decent job, but is pretty slow even with a cup of coffee.  But the quality is good.
2 I was on vacation and this Coffee Bean is conveniently located inside the Venetian and having arrived in 106 degree weather I was excited to order an ICED COFFEE. I have been to The Coffee Bean several times before this and never had a bad experience. The barista whom I remember by the name of "Manny or Manuel" wasn't very pleasant on the customer service side. No greeting and no offer of assistance. I ordered a vanilla iced coffee and handed him my card. After he handed me back the receipt I noticed I had been charged almost 8 dollars. I went back and questioned the charge and he said he had charged me for a vanilla latte. I gave him the reminder of me wanting an iced coffee and his exact words were "they're pretty much the same thing." Are you serious?! This person must be pretty dense since an iced coffee and a latte are two completely different items on their menu! I still demanded the charge of an iced coffee and he called his manager or lead for assistance. The man called over was MUCH more friendlier and apologized for the inconvenience right away. And The person initially helping me had the nerve to say "she says it's too expensive." I was appalled at what a prick this person was. It's not about the price. It's about actually getting my order right. It's hard to give 2 stars but the lead person working that night earned at least that by offering a full refund and no charge for the iced coffee.
