3 This was the only place near by I considered an option for stealing a delicious beer during lunch (which at the time was 6pm) to deal with the hell that is Big Box Office Land. Of course, Moes next door always has dirt cheap domestic beers (top secret!), but not really a place to relax and enjoy a beer or two with friends.  It is a really BIG place, and I have never seen it filled. The servers are sweet, but seriously lacking in the getting the drink order and getting the check department. The first time I came there, I had to find someone to just run my card since we had to get back to work-LAME. There are PLENTY of other office space dwellers that frequent here happy hour time, so be prepared for a rather eclectic (yet oddly generic) mix of people at this bar-there are plenty of office flirations and gossip being played out here. The beer selection isn't fantastic and their prices are east coast range average, which is pretty lame, but I always enjoyed whatever I ordered.  That being said, their Frito Pie appetizer may be the most disgusting and delicious food item I have paid for. It seriously tastes like something my stoner brother in high school would have concocted at 3:30am to eat while watching MTVs Headbanger Ball. "Layers of fritos, chili, cheddar cheese, sour cream, onions & tomato", reads the on-line menu....yeah people. Its fucking DELISH. And its almost 9 bucks! Yeah,,,you see the problem. The fries are tasty..and too much. They do have soy beans...for 4 bucks, the most I have ever seen edamame for-and while they can replace any burger with a veggie burger, the burgers cost like 9 bucks! I could buy two big packages of veggie burgers easy for that amount!   So not really a destination bar, more like a "well...this is the only bar" kind of bar. But if you give your full order when you first sit down and give the waiter your card to run, you will enjoy your time much more since it won't be wasted waiting for beer or checks.
3 This place was not what I expected.  It is a huge open space with a large bar stuck right in the middle.  The menu is more upscale than the usual sports 'bar' selections, but I guess that is the difference between sports bar and sports grill?  The food was good, but if I remember correctly they had little to no draft beer.  They could have had Bud or Coors or something, but to me that translates to no beer on tap.    They have a lot of flat screen tvs as they should,  but I like a little bit more character in my sports bar.  This is much too commercial for my taste.
4 well, this is certainly not my style of bar, but it's about 500 feet from my apartment, so  i find myself here a lot. i would prob give it only three stars were not for two things: a bike rack out front - total, unexpected score, and TVs in the bathrooms; excess at its finest. it's definitely trying to cater to the more "distinguished" sports fan, and looks like a more contemporary and i hesitate to say, upscale, bar.  there is NO beer on tap. ket me repeat, NO BEERS ON TAP.  which i don't understand for a sports bar... no pitchers? weird. they do have about six import/nicer beers in a bottle, like bass and heineken, and i believe fat tire is $3 all the time. the long islands are on special for $3 at HH, and are big and tasty.  there is a large, fours-sided bar right in the middle, and lots of tables (both regular height and bar stool height) inside. on the covered patio is a fire pit, pool table and three very large TVs. also inside are two private rooms with their own TVs, couches and tables that can be reserved, i think at no extra charge.  service is spotty, and take it that it's because i'm no where near what the young, pretty things that serve it up here are looking for in an ideal customer, so perhaps i don't really warrant as much attention as that group of guys wooping it up while watching the game.  i agree the food is definitely overpriced for what it is.
