4 This is a very good neighborhood bar.  Definite Irish feel to it.  The food is decent, and the drinks are great.  It can get pretty crowded on the weekends.  They have a pretty great party on St. Patrick's day, take up the entire parking lot of the shopping mall they are in... pretty good time...
4 They've expanded this place a bit since I was here last and it definitely moved it from a 2 1/2 to a solid 3 1/2 to 4 star kind of place.  In a strip mall (gee, who's surprised) in a North Phoenix suburb (Ok, now you can be surprised!), you wouldn't expect this place to be as cool as it is.  Food served all day, and everything we've tried is pretty good (Great looking fries!).  As great as it is to get Irish pub food all day long, it is great to watch the place transform from a sleepy lunch spot to a packed standing room only spot around the time the entertainment gets going at 9pm.  It's generally traditional Irish music, but the night we were there he also did a 50's song and we swear he was playing music from the Godfather as we moved on to our next destination.    Lots of tables for big parties - which ours was (though the largest that night must have had 24 or more) and a great big wrap around the back bar.  The bar is one of their improvements - looks like they took over some extra space to expand since I'd been there years ago.  Several of us commented on how much bigger it looked and how much nicer it felt.  For some the downside is that this isn't a fancy "Scottsdale" bar, but on the upside - this is NOT some fancy schmancy "Scottsdale" bar.  You'll have folks of ALL ages there based on when you go.  And all shapes and sizes.  I kinda like that - you know, people looking like people.  Over the years we've been there, everyone seems to get along, just like the neighborhood pub it was meant to be.  Oh yea.  They have Guinness.  And Harp.  And Bass.  Beer and more beer.  That's not my thing so I can't really speak to it, but it is there in abundance.  Someone else will just have to stop by, have a pint and tell us all about it.
5 This is the Irish bar in its purest form.   Plenty of dart boards line the walls and pitchers float around by the dozen. There are a few long drinking hall style tables which are always entertaining for big groups. The service staff is no-nonsense, but good. The crowd is my favorite aspect at the Dubliner. None of the typical Scottsdale attitudes and cheeziness will be found here . . . and if it is, it won't stay long.   Good live music takes it up a notch and puts it into the top five of my favorite bars in town.
4 A dude playing irish music on a fiddle in a bar in North Phoenix?  Count me in.  This is a pretty good pub-y place with your traditional attempt at irishness (stew, shepherd's pie, bangers & mash) with a few irish beers (guinness, of course, harp & smithwick's) while also having your traditional bar food.  Nothing fancy, everything is pretty straightforward.  Probably really a 3 star place, but the live entertainment adds a bonus star.
3 This place can get really awesome or really dull dependent on one solitary man resembling a leprechaun with a filthy mouth and penchant for calling out mouthy toolbags, all while playing the guitar and happily caroling away in Irish drinking hymnals.  It can get really crowded, which makes standing really tedious and plants a target on your big forehead for the leprechaun to abuse.  On St. Paddy's Day, this place is chaos, and like most other forced holidays is not worth getting into the carnival atmosphere just to say you did it.  Cash-only holidays get old in a hurry.
4 The Dubliner is not an authentic Irish Pub but it is one of my favorite bars to go to because the crowd is down to earth and drinks are CHEAP. Where else can you get a red bull vodka for $4? The crowd is a diverse mix of hipsters, hippies, skaters, and a few old weirdos here and there. If you went to high school in the area your bound to run into someone you haven't seen in years. I always have a great time when I go to the Dubliner because I meet such interesting people. You can find me here when I don't feel like dressing up for Scottsdale.
5 I used to work here and the staff and locals are like family. If u are down to earth ~ I'm sure you'll love the dub! No pretentiousness here! There's good entertainment almost every night of the week. The band that plays Tuesday nights is the BEST! Weekend nights are pretty busy and crowed, but the drinks are priced right and the food is really good too! My faves are the ckn boxty, the Reuben & the Philly ~ but basically everything the menu is DELISH! If u wanna have some real Irish fun, visit the Dub!! It's the place to be on St. Patricks Day for sure!
5 No bar anywhere in this area comes as close to pulling everything off like the "Dub".  Beer Selection, Darts, TVS, lots of seating, events, great prices and a great mix of people.  The staff is always great, and ready to serve at all times.  Come here open minded, stay for a bit, watch the crowd pour in.  Always a good time.
4 I'm 31 yrs old and I've come to the Dub since I was an 18 yr old with a good fake ID. I actually havent lived in Az in over 10 yrs, but when ever I come back to visit friends and family this is our spot. My buddies have been the local crew at this bar for over a decade. The bartenders have all worked here for years as well, and even tho i may only come in a few times a year, the bartenders always remember my face. A fun atmoshphere, plenty of room, a non-stuffy, non-scottsdale type crowd. When I'm in Az, I always visit the Dub...
2 Nothing to this place, the food was alright, the serves was just ok and the band playing there was horrid, I don't see myself ever going back here ever!
4 Great food great authentic Irish fare and best of all close to home
4 We just moved to town and were looking for a place exactly like this.  This bar is not posh, it is not shiny or pretty, it doesn't have a huge menu... and that is all fine by me.    What it does have is a friendly wait staff, plenty of seating, good/ok live music, and a great bar selection.    The mix of people that was there the night we stopped in was entertaining... I can't really comment on that, as I still think everyone here in Phoenix is crazy... lol.    Either way, it seems to have that good old suburban bar feel to it, which is nice and cozy when you don't feel like dolling yourself up and having a fancy night out.
4 Stopped in for a quick couple of beers after work.  Michelle the waitress was fun and had a great attitude. Been a while since I've been there for a rowdy time. I should return on a weekend and relive some of those moments.
5 Great live music! I used to go here a lot more but it still one my favorite bars. Saint Patty's day here is crazy!. Pretty good food and always decent drinks. Recommend it for getting a group of friends together and chillin
3 So normally I like this place and the corned beef and cabbage have been quite good... but, on this occasion, the chef was clearly not irish or familar with irish food & culture, because the dish was dreadful. How to you ruin corened beef a...nd cabbage?? The urge to tell them how to make it was a compelling one.   I'll go back because it's been decent in the past, and the beer flows freely and good, usually with good company, but, I'm thinking it's a one more chance kind of thing. Sadly, there are few places in phoenix that claim to be 'irish' that serve authentic quality irish food. I think if your going to cook food of another culture, you should at least learn how it's properly prepared and served.
4 Food is decent.  Service is above average.  Solid small draft beer selection. Good atmosphere.  Had music setting up.
3 The Wednesday night entertainment is AMAZING. Excellent musician and performer. Makes you laugh while enjoying great music. It can be hard to flag down the waitress, wish they had menus sitting at the table so you could flip through while you waited so you didn't have to wait to flag down the waitress to GET the menu and then wait to flag down the waitress to order. The fries are quite tasty but eat them up while they are warm. Prices are good.  There are darts and a foosball table which are fun to do!
4 Had the chicken fries which were awesome!  Good beer selection, TV, pool, darts....live music....uh what else do you want in an irish bar?  I frequent this place when looking for live music during the week.  Cold pints are a plus and the clientele seems very friendly.
5 Went here the other night for a couple drinks, probably one of my favorite bars i've ever been to. Great irish pub atmosphere and music
1 Aw, I can't vote zero stars?  The service is the worst I've ever had EVER. I asked for menus ... apparently not.  Had to go physically get a menu from behind the bar.  Asked to order and the waitress said she'd be right back.  Spent the next half hour trying to get her attention - no such luck. When I finally got to order my food, it was another half hour before I got to eat it.  I'm sorry, but when I go somewhere to eat, I'm HUNGRY and I'm not happy when I'm hungry.  Waiting over an hour to eat is just bad.
3 Was here tonight.  It is OK!  Not much Irish things on the menu, more of a bar food type joint.  Potatoe skins were meh.  The paddy o melt was meh too.  The live music was a plus.
3 This place is OK. I have never eaten there but have been to drink many times.  It's a pretty big place.  There's a good mix of people and age groups and seems like a lot of people take dates here.  The security staff here are kinda douche bags.   The worst part about this bar though is the fights. There is always fighting here. A fight here and there can be entertaining but its old and annoying when there is a fight every single time I go.
4 It has been awhile since I have visited the Dubliner. The only reason I haven't frequented the place lately is because I don't live near them anymore so I can't just either walk home or call a cab for 5 min ride. However there drinks are strong and cheap! Either that or the bartender was being very friendly on the few times I have visited :) The food is not to shabby either. I mean you can't possibly mess up fish and chips. Hmm fish and chips. So go, check it out, but remember if you have too many, call a cab. Did I mention that their drinks are strong and cheap! #winwin!
3 A local favorite of mine.  Doesn't look like much on the outside, but a suprisingly decent menu and full bar.  Always live music, which is my favorite part.  All types are welcome here, but it can get busy at times and they never seem to be staffed for it, so don't be too upset it it takes a while for your drinks.  If you're tired of the crowds that frequent the clubs in Scottsdale, want some good food and live music, you will have a great time at the Dubliner.
3 I dig the Dubliner.  It is a great place to grab a bite and a brew while enjoying local, live music.  They have a great beer selection, full bar and an extensive (for a bar) food menu.  I have only had the sweet potato fries, but they were cooked to crispy perfection.  I wish I could give Dubliner more stars, but there are a couple of things that drive me bonkers about this place.  First and foremost,  there is always a mob of people sitting outside the front door smoking.  There is no way to circumvent the raunchy cloud of toxins.  I wish they would move the smoking area a few feet further from the door (maybe in the back/side parking area, hint, hint).  Also, on Friday and Saturday nights there are not enough servers here.  Service at the bar is usually prompt, but if you are at a table, good luck!  You are probably better off burning a calorie or three and walking to the bar for your next round, than waiting for a server to come to you.  It's not that they are slacking, there just aren't enough of them.  Add another server or two when the place is packed, get the smoke out of my face, then I'd up this to a four star rating.  Stop by the Dubliner, and support a local band/musician!
1 I was here yesterday and had great service. Tonight I walked in and was ignored by the stupid blond working the bar. After 10 minutes sitting with no drink, I left.  I'll never be back again.
4 What Brad T. said.   done.   What? I have to write more?  OK, here's a little more:  -real people, not just a pretty crowd -music can get really loud, but that's not necessarily a bad thing -great prices on pitchers of beer -kick back relaxed environment -fun for people watching
4 Happy hour prices are good - get a domestic beer for $2-3. The staff seems friendly and the sweet potato fries are yummy. Didn't stay too long so that's all I can report for now.
1 Tired is the best word to describe this place.  We've lived by it for a long time and thought we'd give it a try.  What a mistake!  No one greets you, no sign to tell you to sit wherever, and no waitress showing up to acknowledge you are there.  When she finally did, it was quite obvious she didn't want to be there.  Shepard's pie - made with hamburger instead of lamb.  I thought I'd try it anyway.  When I saw the presentation - I should have sent it back.  A big glob of a dish with everything spilling everywhere.  And a ton of cheese melted on top - not a normal ingredient in SP.  Plain, boring, no spice whatsoever.  Hubby's hamburger was a frozen patty - no creativity at all - yet it's called the "Dubliner".    If you want a dive bar, go for it.  If you want real food, turn around and go somewhere else.
5 This is a good home town watering hole. Great mellow/casual atmosphere to meet and hangout with friends. My friends and I have been going here as long as I can remember. The bar staff has largely remained the same for years; get to know em' and you'll know them for a long time. This is a pub of pubs. If you are looking for a "home" bar.. this is the place for you.
5 I love this place.  The staff are awesome, they have live music six nights a week, and the clientele are 99% douche free.  Never tried the food, but who the hell goes to a bar to eat, anyway?
4 Went for a late night dinner to see The Sea Merchants perform. Had never been here before and were amazed at how packed the place was! Service was cheerful and probably could have used a little more help - not sure they were expecting the crowd they got last night, but we were enjoying the music and not too concerned with how fast service was. Had the Guinness Chicken, sweet potato fries, the Irish soda bread and washed it all down with a couple of brews. All pretty good. I'd recommend the place for a good time with friends. Relaxed, casual and fun! And the Sea Merchants performance was a rockin' good time!
4 Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.
4 Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
1 I have only been here once, but sadly will not be returning again.  On a lighter note, I actually thought the restaurant itself was pretty cool and I also even liked the food. Both the Shepherd's Pie and the Corned Beef were quite good!  So why won't I come back here? One of the staff was extremely rude to one of my friends and made her feel completely unwelcome. It was especially bad, because he was a manager. She brought a problem to him and he basically told her he didn't care and didn't need her business. I didn't catch all of what went on myself, because it was a loud place with music playing, but a big thing for me is the way that the management treats their customers. We ended up leaving earlier than we had planned, because my friend got offended by the manager, so this is not a place I will be returning to.  I would not recommend this place to anybody if feeling valued as a customer is important to you.
4 always a good crowd and mix of ppl usually. they have some really talented local musicians and then on the other side they have darts. i just wish they had more dart tables b/c half the time they are taken. the food is average with disgusting fried mushrooms as one of the options-yuck and olives in a quesidalla-also yuck. some of the bartenders are better than others. its very laid back compared to a scottsdale bar as far as dress which is why i like it but its not too hole-in-the wall were its boring or dirty.
4 Great wings.. Excellent personable bartenders.. Also I asked for " some extra celery and carrots " with my wings and assumed id get 2-3... They gave me a whole plate of it with extra ranch and BLEU CHEESE! .. The traditional Irish fare like the sheppards pie is absolutely terrific and the Irish soda bread was really delicious.. I been back 2 times and the food is great .. Every time
5 Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
3 Good bar vibe...Arizona civil war college football games were playing the night I was here so the crowd was great, and the elderly gentleman playing old Irish tunes on the stage up front added to the lively environment. Was in a strip mall setting and I was visiting from out of town so I would have not noticed it had my friend not taken me here. Still though, love my Irish pubs, whiskey,  and Guinness.
5 Amazing bartenders and waitresses.  Great food.  Plenty of football.  Awesome prices,  Chill atmosphere.  Best cheese fries in the neighborhood.
2 We were really looking forward to some good Irish grub, unfortunately, it didn't happen here. The Shepherd's Pie "gravy" was watery and tasteless, and there wasn't much meat. The irish stew was cold and and bland. The wait staff was nice, but service was lacking. Everything took a long time, and the most disappointing was dessert. Though the bread pudding was good, we asked for ice cream on it,  and the waitress waited too long to bring it to our table so the ice cream was almost completely melted. Won't be returning.
4 FANTASTIC, moist, tender corned beef year round! Honestly, this is a great bar with live music and a cheap enough bar tab, but the quality of the food exceeds expectations.
4 I have been going here with my school for Happy Hour and it is good. Good prices, good food, good deal.
3 The Dubliner is close to my house and pours a damn good Guinness.  Food is mediocre at best.  You might wait awhile for your drinks, but it does take time to pour a good pint.  I do have to run screaming from the building when they have Irish music nights.  As much as I love my people,  that high pitched little Irish flute thing they play makes me wonder if there are dogs all over the neighborhood being terribly disturbed.  Great neighborhood bar, food meh.  You can't really go wrong with an order of potato skins when you're drunk though....so there's that.
4 Went here on a Saturday night; the place was pretty busy. We ordered food around 9pm so the kitchen stays open late so that is a plus. We got a burger and sweet potato fries - both very good. Try the sweet pototo fries with the plum sauce - yummy! Drinks were reasonably priced and the wait staff was friendly and prompt. No complaints from me.  They had a bad playing too that was good, but it was rock. I sort of expected an irish type band to be playing especially on a weekend night. The band was still good though, don't get me wrong.
5 By far my favorite bar in the area. Very relaxed atmosphere and live music some nights (not sure what the schedule is for that). Food was good for bar food.
5 Great place to grab a beer and listen to some music. The prices are great and the staff is friendly. Low key and and relaxed environment.
5 Jess rocks as a server and The Sullivan's kick butt! What a great band! Love their Irish music. But they can play anything!
3 Went Sunday for afternoon games for football. Packers bar (shocking! what bar in AZ isn't?) Place was pretty busy. Had two seats at the bar for us to sit. Bartender was nice and efficient, drinks were good.   As for the food, small portions, not all that tasty. Ordered a caesar salad to share, wasn't large enough. For $9 (mind you, no meat, just lettuce, cheese, dressing and croutons) we thought we'd get a pretty good size salad. Had a baked potato and mashed potatoes/gravy for our "sides". Gravy wasn't cooked right, portion again, small. Took 45 mins to get the three items. Bartender claimed they only had two fryers, so the kitchen was behind. However, we didn't have fried food items.   Overall, we will go back. Gal next to us ordered a reuben that looked life changing. So... until next time.
4 I have been here 4 times and I get the same thing every time.  The Shepards Pie is outstanding.  I always want to try something different, but I know that I will be disappointed that I didn't have my regular. The waitresses here have always been friendly and I will be back soon!
1 Just ok
4 This place has been around forever and was a favorite when I lived in Phoenix in the 90s.  Reasonably priced drinks and good food and still that way today in 2014.  They have expanded the other side of the bar which is nice.   I have to give a shout out to Vanessa who works the day shifts.  She is super friendly, great service and seems to know all the regulars by name. She made me feel right at home on Saturday.  I even went back again today.   The pulled pork sandwich was delicious.  I wanted something sweet today and she brought out this chocolate chip cookie that was still hot with vanilla ice cream melting over it.  It was wonderful.  If I can swing it I may come by a third time before I leave this is how fond I am of the place. They have live music some evenings I think.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that it isnt in St Louis LOL  Seriously, stop by.  It is in a strip mall at Thunderbird and 40th on the SW corner two doors down from the dentist.
4 My friend has brought me here a couple times, only on Mondays for trivia. Team Trivia is quiet entertaining, I must say. It's free to play, which is a nice bonus. If you want a good laugh, each team makes their own name up, some inappropriate, but funny though. I have ordered food, it's not bad, for bar food.
4 Can't believe I'm going to say authentic & Irish in the same sentence as "located in a Phx plaza" but I will. One of the best, most Irish restaurants I've ever dined at. Great entertainment as well.
5 This my favorite pub in Phoenix! Good beer selections. Good food (the shepard's pie is amaze-balls, the Irish nachos are epic, and the frickles are delish). They have good live music / entertainment during the evenings. This is a great place to go during the day to hang out with friends, watch a game, have a quiet beer, or have an awesome night out partying. The weekend nights are a raging blast! The staff does a great job handling it all!
1 I don't drink much, so I'm not dazzled by what is on tap. We came here to try a local Irish pub and see how their food was.  One star is too good for this place. I had the "bangers and mash". The quotes are necessary, trust me. My wife had -- we think -- the Shepherd's Pie. If the waitress had been attentive, we'd have asked. Since we weren't guzzling fermented piss, I guess we didn't rate on her radar. At least it wasn't terribly expensive.  I doubt we'll go back.
4 This place is near my house. Haven't visited it until recently but it's a nice quiet place. Golden tee is probably the second best thing they have, the first being Guinness on draft. Would definitely recommend this place if you're interested in a quiet place with good service.
