4 The BF and I are invited to an Indian wedding.  We plan on wearing traditional Indian clothes but had nowhere to shop!  Luckily, one of the BF's colleagues sent us this way!  The gentleman (who I would assume to be the owner) was very helpful.  He explained to us the differences between the saree, lehnga, and the suit (aka salwar kameez).  He had me trying on tons of beautiful outfits with the most gorgeous dupattas to go with them.  He was definitely complimentary with each outfit, which I did appreciate, but it was definitely a hard decision to look through and try on so many outfits.  The prices are a bit steep, but at the same time, I have nothing really to compare it to.  There was a woman there who helped me with a couple of outfits too, and she was nice as well.  It was all so overwhelming!  The BF tried on quite a few expensive achkans and he looked so handsome in them!  I stepped out of my dressing room and was taken aback to see him so nicely dressed!  They were pretty expensive as well, so it was challenging to pick through the bunch.  My only complaint was that they didn't go past a certain size, which could be challenging for those on the more curvaceous end. They offered alterations and were more than willing to assist you with helping you make a great decision.  We were told this may be the only place in Vegas where you can find such garments.  If this is so, it leaves our options very limited.  We'll keep looking as of now just to see what else we encounter.
5 The staff is very helpful.  I called to check the hours.  She said they were open until 6PM, but to call if I would be later.  The prices for a full outfit ranged from 175ish to 850ish maybe more.  The outfit that cost $850 was gorgeous, but I got something very nice for $275.  They are polite about asking what your budget is.  I think there prices are reasonable, but like the other reviewer I am going to my first Indian wedding.  They also have a great bangle, earring, and necklace selection.
3 This is pretty much the only open-to-the-public Indian clothing boutique in Las Vegas right now. Yay for that and I give an "A-OK" rating.  They have a decent selection and there is some nice eye candy. If you are new to Indian fashion, there is no replacement for trying things on and learning about the different styles. The staff is friendly to non-Indian shoppers, so if you are a beginner then their prices are worth it for the personalized service and being able to try things on and ensure they look good on you.   Irrelevant celebrity note: Carlos Santana was in there the other day buying a white cotton kurta.    But why only 3 stars?  Overall I find the prices are very high, compared to shops in LA or SF, and even more so compared to shops I buy from online like Utsav and Cbazaar.   I don't know if the shopkeeper assumed I was naive but I've been buying Indian fashions for over a decade and have been to India twice, so I am a relatively savvy shopper. So the quoted prices start at this really high "ignorant newbie" level that just makes me cringe.   She gave me dire warnings about ordering online and the junk that is sold there, and claimed all their jewelry is completely custom for them, but I know for a fact some of the jewelry sets she had on display at prices over $80 are for sale online for $15. Same exact sets! Like, "don't make me pull out my iphone and show you" the same. I hate that kind of boldfaced wrong argument so I let it drop. I was willing to pay for the premium of getting it now and being able to try it on, but not at a 5x markup.  In India, I love the model of shopping with unmarked prices and all the negotiation, but that usually means you get a great deal. Here, you don't have transparent pricing, but you don't have the major wins of the negotiation model, so to me the result is just annoying. Either give me a fair price upfront on the sticker, or if we're going to hassle with negotiating I want to at least feel like I'm winning and it is worth my time. Negotiating my booty off just to arrive at a price that is still double what it should be is not something I have the patience for.    Reasons to shop here:   If you just want to browse for inspiration . . .   If you are new to Indian fashion and don't know where to begin.  If you need shoes. Ordering online shoes is iffy due to sizing. You want to make sure they fit! Yes they cost twice as much as the ones on Ebay, but if they fit you then that's key!   If you need it right away. Maybe you can't run to LA or Berkeley, and ordering online can have a lead time from India anywhere from 10 to 45 days, so it is worth a premium to get something immediately.   Ultimately the prices are negotiable but not by enough of a margin to feel reasonable to me, and that means I shop here only when I really need it ASAP or need an in person trial.   To be fair, this seems like a low volume shop so they likely need to maintain higher margins to stay open, and staying open is a good thing. Just be careful!   Musician note: last time I was there, she had 3 Bina harmoniums in stock. I did not inspect or play them, but it is notable as this is possibly the only store in Vegas that stocks harmoniums. I cannot vouch for the condition or price. Bina is a good brand, but the desert can be hard on a harmonium (cracks and leaks) so have a musical friend play it for you before you buy.   Other Indian fashion options:  Sometimes there are popup boutiques run by private individuals in the Indian community or at the Hindu Jain Center of Las Vegas during festivals.   There are a few outfits at Rani's International Market in the same shopping center, but Rani is more of a (fabulous) grocery store so there are just a couple options on hand.   Sometimes some of the eyebrow threading joins have some ladies Indian fashions on hand but they change locations and go in and out of business so fast I can't keep track!   Buffalo Exchange sometimes has fabu Indian outfits on the rack. Just scan for the sparkles.  Govinda's Center of Vedic India also has a few things in their boutique, but a limited selection, mostly casual, and not what you need if you're heading to a wedding or another big event. But that said, Taj only had like 3 lehengas in stock and only one bridal lehenga, so if you really do have a snazzy event you may need to shop elsewhere anyway!
5 This place is great! I don't know of any other places to by such beautiful sarees in town. They also will customize any pieces you need for a very good price. Angela is fabulous as well, she is so great to work with!!
4 My family is invited to a friend's wedding and we chose to wear tradional Indian attire. My husband is in the wedding party, so he has his clothing picked out for him, but my sister, mother, and myself all found beautiful outfits here. There ladies were very helpful and they can do alterations. There is a generous selection of jewelry and accessories. My only complaint is that merchandise is not priced, so it's difficult for a bargain shopper like myself to stay on budget in such a place. Since I was already in LOVE with my outfit by the time I found out the price, it was futile anyway. The prices aren't so high if you consider that you are buying hand made, hand beaded, beautiful clothing. You'd pay more for a manufactured sweater at Nordstroms. Definately worth checking out.
