4 Grabbed a bite here several times on my trip b/c this was literally outside our elevator as we hit the casino lobby.  This is Thomas Kellers bakery so there is some weight attached to the products.    Had the ham/cheese baguette and it was perfect, to nurse me back to a brighter shade of sobriety.  The bread with a slight crisp on the crust, a film of dijon mustard and just the right amount of meat and cheese made for a filling yet convenient snack to go on the run.  A little pricey @ almost $10, but it is split worthy, and you are at the Venetian and it is Thomas Keller, so what da f**k!   Also their cookies here are absolutely amazing as i'm sure the rest of their baked goods are.  The oatmeal cookie was probably the best i've ever had.  The perfect ratio of crisp to chew, just enough raisins to keep things interesting and that butter flavor, true butter flavor, not that artificial butter flavored shortening garbage.  They also do their version of a "nutter butter" cookie and if you're a fan of those peanut butter cookies then just times this version by 10. oh yea, it's that good.  No wait, "good" is not a good enough word to describe it, ...sublime, that's the ticket.
4 It is unfortunate that this is just an elevator ride from my room.  The beignets are YUM, I want to try it ALL!
5 Thanks Thomas Keller for saving my morning with your savory Bouchon banana nutty muffin and a large coffee...Sure it was $7.50, but nothing beats the taste of home than tasting it before you go home.
5 I had the most amazing chocolate eclair here. And the most incredible Oatmeal Raisin Cookie. Everything looked delicious and not horrifically expensive either!   Thank goodness I don't live near this bakery. Ooh. That would be bad.
4 When I'm forced to NOT eat at Bouchon, I always manage to grab a little something for the ride home from this little stand in front of the Phantom of the Opera. They are open pretty late, so even if your roaming around after dinner, it would be so great to get a couple of Madeline's or a tart and go outside to people watch or just get some quiet. It is a little piece of Paris right inside Italy!!!!
3 i absolutely adore Bouchon Bakery in Yountville.   when I saw they had opened a Bouchon Bakery in our place of abode, can you imagine the sugar rush I immediately felt?  helas, stick to the one in Yountville. perhaps during the summer months anyways.   the macaroons were crunchy in the afternoon hours, though softer in the morning hours. seemed like the dry desert weather affected the baked goods more than Mister Keller thought (why even our server said so).  the same applied to the english scone that we purchased. after indulging in the decadent goodness of the original bakery, this was more a feast for the eyes more than anything else. to be on the safe side, go for something uber buttery like the pain au chocolat. you can't go wrong with chocolate. and butter. mixed together.   better luck next time.
5 WOW! The croissants here were flaky and buttery--something I'd always read about what a good croissant should be, but had never really experienced it until I had one at this bakery. It was so heavenly, and I could've ordered a half dozen or so to have for myself. Luckily, I exercised some self-control. Also had the caramel (ok), orange (yummy), raspberry (yummier) and chocolate (yummiest) macarons here. They were soft, chewy and very tasty. The piece de resistance and the 'signature' Bouchon cookie, I've heard, is their version of the oreo. There's no way an oreo could ever compare to the Bouchon oreo. We should just replace all oreos with Bouchon ones! They were tres magnifique. Highly recommend stopping by this bakery if you're at The Venetian. You won't regret it.
5 It's so not fair how good this place is.  Resting outside the gates of the Phantom theater, and below an escalator, this small bakery stand offers the most delightful baked goods I've even had.  The croissants here are the best ever.  Crispy shell, flaky and moist buttery middle.  They can become the ultimate addiction.  The cheese danish, blueberry, corn, banana nut muffins are just out of this world.  If you're on a non-carb diet, I dare you to try and bypass the endless goodies this stand has to offer.  You'll be depriving yourself of sheer ecstasy.
5 The best bakery I've encountered... anywhere......ever. The croissants are amazing! The cheese danish with this perfectly sweetened icing like cheese inside is a breakfast I still have dreams about months later. Coffee also amazing.. the mocha with real chocolate with delicious! Kind of expensive.. but worth every penny!
5 Three words:  Damn good pastries.  A few more words:  Probably the best pastry shop outside of Pouliane in Paris.  That might be an exaggeration, but it's pretty damn good.  The blueberry muffin had so many blueberries in it, I'm surprised it didn't fall apart.
5 Just like Fauchon in Paris (France, not the hotel in Vegas).... Bouchon in Vegas has proven itself to me the company's true understanding of fine bakery/patisserie.    It could be as simple as a plain croissant and a cup of coffee.  They know how to do it right.  The melt-in-your-mouth texture of the croissant had me go back to Bouchon twice within the span of 3 hours.  THAT good, yes.    Also, props to its convenient location - just at the entrance to the adjoining Sands Expo Center.  A great quick stop to start off your full day at the conference/convention/etc with a lovely breakfast.  Also great for snacks and quick, grab-and-go lunch fixes.     Now, I just need to fly out to Paris to revisit the exquisite Fauchon....
4 Really good honey bran muffins. My husband got one first and then I went back to get my own. A little expensive for just a muffin but at least it was tasty!
4 I guess if you aren't able to get a reservation at Bouchon, the next best thing would be to eat at Bouchon Bakery. Well.... not quite, but at least it has Bouchon in its name and you can throw that out of your lips hoping people don't catch the 'bakery' part and let everyone think you went to the real deal.  Located at the casino level of the Venetian, this little coffee place offers up a small variety of pastries and sandwiches and of course coffee. So instead of going to Bouchon for breakfast (it's hella expensive), just have breakfast at Bouchon Bakery and call it a morning.
5 OMG so good. My friend and I actually begged my mom to pick up danishes for us! I would eat here every morning (and not regret the 20 lbs I'd gain) if I lived in Vegas.
5 Thank God for Bouchon Bakery. In Vegas you are either dropping mad cash on good meals or you are eating slop at a food court. Bouchon Bakery is for those moments you can't do the former or you are not too drunk or desperate to do the latter.  I could not bring myself to pay 10.00 for a ham & cheese baguette no matter what, but a coffee, the focaccia of the day and a macaroon made an excellent mid afternoon meal.
4 What a great little mid afternoon snack... JMa loved the pear bread pudding... I was very happy with the chocolate macaroon. Priced a bit high, but really, I think that for the quick on the run food for the epicurian, it was amazing.
5 If you aren't able to visit Bouchon, you should definetely check out the bakery. It is located near the Phantom of the Opera Ticket booth, tucked a bit away from the canal where gondola rides are offered.   I visited Bouchon Bakery in the afternoon. I don't think their offerings were as fresh as they would have been if I had visited earlier in the day. Nevertheless, the chocolate chip cookies were delicious, and the lemon tart was devine, with a sprig of lemon zest and vanilla cream on top.   They also offered chocolates from Per Se (Thomas Keller's restaurant in NYC)!
5 I've never been so happy to pay for overpriced baked goods.  JONASAPPROVED!
3 i don't know where they make all the pastries, but i know they don't have a oven anywhere near the store. that explains the tko being slightly dry. even though the bakery at yountville bakes everything in store, you can't beat listening to slot machines and smelling cigarettes while munching on some pretty tasty pastries.
4 In a city where food is broadly below average (who needs food when drinks are free at the black jack tables!) I was surprised to find this very good bakery inside the Venetian hotel. Good choice of pastries and croissants and great coffee too, tasty and better than what we get in many boulangeries in France. Needless to say you should stop there instead of rushing to the nearest Starbucks.
4 While I didn't really enjoy Bouchon, I did fall in love with my chocolate croissant from this tiny bakery stand.  Sure it was over three dollars, and sure I ate it the next morning when I was hungover and it was squished from sitting in my oversized backpack for four hours.  But, it was still delicious.  I only wonder how these goodies would taste hot and FRESH.  Umph.
4 Kind of an obscure location, it's hiding under the escalator! My friends and I had to go and ask three workers to tell us where it was. After being mislead a few times and wandering around aimlessly on the casino floor, we finally found it. I guess it didn't help that I was smashed from my Fat Tuesday's drink, but that's another story...  The traditional croissant met all my expectations for everything I love about these buttery little bastards: flaky crust on the outside, soft and airy on the inside. Well done.  One bite of my friend's strawberry croissant and I was hooked. Incredibly moist, sweet without feeling like you'll develop a cavity. I also had a taste of the chocolate macaron, which was very rich and decadent. It felt so sinful!  So-so with the s'more cheesecake. The textures were off, in my opinion. The chocolate was chunky and hard, would've been much better smooth like the cream filling. The marshmallow was difficult to eat. And the butter in the graham cracker crust overpowered the other flavors.   The next day I returned and got some bread that resembled foccacia. It was so soft like a pillow.   The only awkward thing that happened was that I forgot my green tea at the barista counter. Realizing this 10 minutes later, I returned and it was still there. I wanted to make sure that it was mine, so I asked the workers. They just gave me blank stares.
5 Although it's a big hard to find, its worth the trek through the smoke filled casino. I've tried a variety of macaroons, the chocolate cupcake with marshmallow frosting, and the carrot cake sandwich cookie. All of which were DELICIOUS. I've also had dinner the Bouchon restaurant and they gave us a plate of pastries...a few of which I also saw at the bakery. All I can say is YUM. And I need to start having longer Vegas trips so I can fit in more visits to this bakery. Still so much to try...
3 Make sure you go to Bouchon Bakery during the week.  The food seems to be made fresh daily during the week, but the weekend seems to be leftovers from Friday's batch.  We went on a Friday AM and a Saturday AM and the quality was vastly different.  The beignet on Thursday was the best I had ever had and the cheese danish was fantastic.  On Friday, the danish and the brioche were both very subpar.
5 I don't think I can thank Mrs. MY enough for this WONDERFUL after-treat. She picked up a half dozen of their chocolate cupcakes with marshmallow frosting.... they are definitely TO DIE FOR!!!
4 A group of us stayed at the Venetian, so we had to try this bakery out. I had the Valrhona Chocolate Cupcake and it was so good! First of all,the cupcake was pretty big. It's like twice the size of a normal cupcake, but not as big as the Costco muffins. The best part? It cost only $3.50. What a deal! The actual cupcake was super moist and there was just a little frosting, not sure what it was, but after reading a couple of reviews, apparently it's marshmallow. It was just a light coating of it. To my surprise as I was getting towards the middle, there was the Valrhona chocolate mousse. What a pleasant surprise! I I wasn't expecting that, but I guess if I actually read the description that the bakery provided for their customers, I would have have expecting it, but all I say when I was looking in the bakery case was CUPCAKE! They didn't need to sell me with the mousse, even though it tasted better with it. Next time I come here, I will definitely get another cupcake, even if I'm not staying at the Venetian. It's worth the walk down the strip.
5 Wonderful bakery with Bouchon breads and pastries - pricey but worth it if you're on vacation.
5 So great to get off the elevator from our room and see this bakery stand.  The chocolate croissant was delicious!  We also sampled the banana nut and honey oat muffins - all were delicious.  Nice hot and strong coffee too.  A little pricey but the size of each was good and you can't beat the convenience when you want something on the go.
4 A hidden treasure in the Venetian...  Right underneath the elevator in the Venetian is a small little bakery stand named Bouchon. I heard about this place from my friend Aileen A., who raved about its sister in Yountville, CA. I decided to eat something sweet after a nice big Lemon Chicken Piccata from the Grand Lux Cafe at Palazzo.   My friends and I chose the fruit tart ($6.50), the chocolate eclair, the pain au chocolat, and the chocolate cupcake. The eclair was alright...it definitely wasn't as good as the eclairs at Chocolate Swan. The cupcake was a bit too rich, but had a nice chocolate mousse filling. The best one was the fruit tart with its vast array of fruits like cherries, melon, cantaloupe, pineapple, grapes, blueberries, raspberries, etc. The pineapple on it tasted like a wet rag, but everything else on it was delicious! I just love tart crust! YUM!  I took the pain au chocolat home with me, and decided to eat it for a late night snack. YUMMMMMMMMMMMMM! Just enough dark chocolate with the perfect flakiness of the bread! Loved it!  I definitely would recommend this place to anyone who wants nice bakery goods. I can't wait to try Bouchon in Santa Barbara this weekend!  WARNING: You can easily spend $10-20 here off of the delicious looking baked goods!
5 We tried the following jewels:  Ham & Cheese Croissant - delectable and flaky.  BF said it was the best croissant he has ever had  Chocolate Croissant - perfect amount of rich chocolate and wonderfully flaky and buttery.  I had a mocha with it and it was perfect! I was worried I was going to OD on chocolate but I didn't...  Valhrona Chocolate Cupake - Heaven!  This was one of the yummiest cupcakes that has ever passed these lips and will go straight to my hips.  The moist cake was complemented with the marshmallow frosting.  Carrot Cake Cookie Sandwich dealy - delish!  Peanut Butter Cookie Sandwich dealy - delectable, nice peanut butter flavor.  You know they ain't using any of that Jif crap in this here cookie!  Coconut Rocher (I think that it what it was called) - perfectly soft and rich and delicious!  I can't wait to go back!  It is a big pricey - the above items (+ an OJ) set us back about $35 - worth every penny.
4 don't want a sit down meal? visit the Bouchon Bakery at the Venetian and take the baked goodies back to the hotel room and eat in bed. I liked almost everything and my favorite was the strawberry croissant - half sliced then baked with strawberries, cinnamon, sugar and more butter....mmm!
5 I always get the chocolate cupcake and the fruit tart. I just wish that they had the foie gras dog biscuits like their other locations.
4 Ughhh!! Why do all the good things have to be bad for me!?!? This place is so bad for my diet but...sometimes when you're in vegas...you gotta sin a little....(yes, i live here but noone has to know!)   Came here with friends after eating at the Grand Lux. I had the Chocolate Mousse Cupcake...and oh man...it was rich and the mousse was totally yummy! The fruit tart was good...but I tasted one of the melon wedges and it tasted like a wet rag! It was such a turn off...but Rachel D loved it!! She has a thing for wet rags! =)  Anyway, would totally come back here. Aside from their awesome patries, they have quality napkins and plastic utensils! When you live in Vegas, you gotta advantage of all the free things available. That's including "shopping" for napkins and silverwares at casino hotels.You see...that's what I get for being Filipino!  =)
4 The macarons here are DELICIOUS. They're so chewy, but not too sweet. I wish they had more flavors, however.  Their vanilla eclair is also very good. The vanilla is very light and you can see vanilla bean specks in it.  The only complaint I have is with the staff. When asking about the macaron flavors, I was told that I had the choice between vanilla, lemon, raspberry, and chocolate. I chose vanilla and chocolate, after the girl helping me told me that the vanilla she picked up was a different color because it was prepared today and the others were not.  Great, I thought. Ends up the macaron was a different color, however, because it was lemon. It was still good, but do everyone a favor and ask your fellow workers before you start making things up.  ====  Rubric: 5 = Mindblowing 4 = Excellent 3 = I see the charm 2 = Disappointing 1 = Never again
5 The flakiest, most delicious chocolate croissant evah! I was being good, so that is the only item I bought, but man oh man. You cannot go wrong at this stand.
2 Only two stars, because the fact is that yes, I have experienced better than the pastries at the Las Vegas Bouchon Bakery.  The best of what I sampled was the chocolate croissant: it had two ribbons of chocolate in it, which was quite nice.  However, the pastry was just a bit too tough when it should have been tender, and it was too greasy.  I also took tastes of four different macaron flavors: chocolate, vanilla, raspberry and lemon.  The chocolate was far and away the best of the four, but it was more like a brownie than a macaron.  The weakest were the raspberry and lemon, which had too much oozy filling.  Worst of what I tried: the pain au raisin.  Pain au raisin is supposed to be a custard raisin roll, not a raisin danish.  Flat, extremely greasy... I will only grudgingly acknowledge that there were enough raisins and that they were soft and tender, but that couldn't salvage the thing.   I don't know, maybe I'm holding this place to unfairly high standards, but I know that pastry can be better.
5 The macaroon is outstanding. I had the chocolate and the raspberry.  Got to buy at least a dozen... hehehe... Try this people.  It's located by the phantom's entrance area. It's hidden.   I found it by the elevator on the way up to my room.
4 Espresso macaroon was FANTASTIC. Ooey gooey espresso cream filling with a chewy light glazed meringue outside. Oustanding, 5 stars based on the macaroon. If I were to guess the best would be the espresso or the vanilla macaroon, the texture and sweetness of the filling would taste pretty off if it were raspberry or lemon, but it could just be my taste.  Bread pudding was good but not as mind blowing. I don't know why I got it, I mean I knew it wasn't going to be hot or come with any liquor based sauce but I bit. I wouldn't say it was a mistake other than I should have just ordered more cookies and possibly a croissant. Raisins and apples, bread was adequately chewy and sweet but it was just missing some pizazz.  I was sad Bouchon itself was closed when I went, the bakery was a consolation.
4 3.5 stars  Do not be like me and mistaken this for a cafe!  It's just a little stand under the escalator and there is absolutely zero seating available.  The space is so small that the goods here are prepared at the restaurant upstairs and bussed down to the lower level.  I was really hankering for a macaron but the flavors that day (raspberry, orange, espresso) didn't persuade me.  I got a ham and cheese baguette and a lemon currant scone.   The baguette was okay.  It came with two little sides of mayonnaise and cornichons.  I got it toasted, which now I felt I shouldn't have because it takes away from the texture of the bread.  A bummer was that the cheese wasn't even melted and there was an excessive amount of ham.    The lemon currant scone was fairly good but I didn't find that it differed much from other scones I've had in the past.  The lemon flavor is subtle.
5 I love this place.  The pastry's are top notch.  I especially love the ham n cheese croisants and also the strawberry croisants.  They're amazing.  Get there early cuz those items sell out quick.
4 I might have been hella drunk at 6:30 in the morning but the ham and cheese croissantwich was delicious!!!!! We were behind a guy that bought $150.00 worth of pastries and was telling the people behind the counter how he was going to recommend this place to everyone...  As I was devouring my crumbly croissant, I was already full halfway through it... but I kept eating cause it was too damn good!  I took out one star because I really was drunk..... so i need to come back here and try everything while I'm sober. Haha
5 guess where i was on the weekend.  while i may not remember much about vegas, it seems like a far distant memory, i will remember bouchon, since it was a repetitive behavior, every morning (by morning, I mean afternoon).  I will remember the smooth flavors that were presented in the vanilla yogurt parfait.  The chewy texture of the vanilla macaron, the cloud like fluffiness of the crossaints and the oh so tasty cookies.  If you're in the venetian, you must not miss this place.  my friends also raved about the brownie.  This place was a death trap for my wallet.
5 Yuuuuuuuums...  Tipsy from a few cocktails we walk over inside the Venetian and order a creme caramel (my favorite).. delicious! Their foccacia with turkey and other "stuff" (can't remember now) was amazing, too! We also had a croissant and a couple other sandwiches... then the barista says to me, "Would you like a latte? I accidentally made one extra"  Sure! The latte was perfect.!  Come to Seattle, Bouchon!
5 I pledge not to give 5 stars unless something is truly exceptional, and I have never once been disappointed by all the yummy treats offered at this bakery.  Although I have never been to France, I would imagine the pastries here are very close.  Try one of my three personal favorites:  A chocolate cookie filled with white chocolate ganache, a saucer-shaped macaroon (coming in many colors/flavors), or THE stawberry croissant -- all winners, as is the rich, always consistent coffee.  Service is friendly, too.   Whatever price you pay will soon be forgotten after you indulge.
5 See profile site for full review with formatted pics.   "In the end, a great meal is not about the food and the wine.  A great meal is an emotional experience.  We try to make it an extraordinary one by creating a beautiful place, one filled with staff who cares about it as they do about their home, and care for you as the most important guest in it...a great meal is not one that fills you up.  A great meal is a kind of journey that returns you to sources of pleasure you may have forgotten and takes you to places you haven't been before."   With quotes like that you know his food is not a joke, and I will admit a bias to Thomas Keller's concepts and food.  From peanut butter and jelly to quiche to gnocchi to bread and butter to cookies and cakes the man simply does amazing things with food.  The best french toast I've ever eaten, the best quiche, the best cookie....and service that never fails to make you feel like the most important guest on earth.  With those things in mind my Vegas vacation entailed two visits to Bouchon Bistro and four visits to Bouchon Bakery for mid-day snacks.  On day one, selections after lunch entailed a Red Velvet Cupcake and Keller's seasonal bread pudding.  Consumed in the Venezia Gardens/Pool area outside Bouchon Bistro, I can definitely say the cupcake was the best Red Velvet I've ever consumed.  Creamy cream cheese and creme fraiche frosting with a hint of cocoa served over (and throughout) a moist and delectable cake with strong hints of cinnamon and chocolate, plus the earthy taste of the beat sugar used for sweetness and color....sublime.  Better than Crumbs, Beasley, Yummy, Sprinkles, and even Doughboy's famous version.  Even better than Piece of Cake in Columbus, my previous favorite.  After the cupcake I shopped Vegas for a bit and then ate the Bread Pudding rewarmed in the hotel microwave.  Sweet but savory, dense yet not "wet," and loaded with cranberry, raisin, and white raisin....awesome.  Not as good as the french toast version at Bouchon Bistro, but in my top 5 Bread Puddings, for sure.  Day two selections, after breakfast at Bouchon, entailed two beignets and a Macaroon.  A flawless Coffee Macaroon was first and was just as flawless as the Caramel one in New York in June.  Airy, crisp, sweet, and flavorful.  Not as good as the Macaroons at Pistacia Vera, but close, and much larger.  The Beignets selected were small filled donuts stuffed with Vanilla Custard and Raspberry jam.  Both were light and flavorful, still warm, and the fillings were potent without being overpowering of the buttery beignets.  Personally I enjoyed the unfilled  Beignets at Bouchon Bistro better, but these certainly best Dunkin, Krispy Kreme, Bob's, or other "donut" shoppes.  Day three, stuffed after dinner before and planning for Alex in the evening, a single Carrot Cake Sandwich Cookie was chosen.  As good as the Cupcake and Bread Pudding were, this was the "bar raiser" in terms of wow factor.  Having had the TKO and Nutter Butter while in NYC, I really didn't think cookies could get better.  WRONG!  I like Carrot Cake and I've had some good ones, but this thing was surreal.  Smaller than a hockey puck it literally weighed approximately 8oz and was absolutely loaded with the fibrous texture of carrots, yet perfectly balanced and soft like a cake.  Hints of cinnamon and vanilla plus the subtle taste of pineapple in the frosting....I wish this recipe were in the Bouchon Cookbook.  Actually...why doesn't Keller share the recipes for all three cookies in his next book?  Day four, after brunch at Bouchon with the transcendent French Toast and unfilled beignets, I opted for a single Banana Nut Muffin which I consumed with the coffee at the Palazzo sportsbook while watching Terrell Pryor ascend to king of Columbus back home.  After consuming the muffin I only wished Keller would take Bouchon Bakery nationwide so I could consume all of these things back home.  Weighing in at likely a pound, the texture was on par with the carrot cake and the flavor equally subtle yet fantastic.  Sticky sweet, topped with a cinnamon crumble, and  perfectly moist....I was sad that some of it stuck to the paper, despite being overly full.  Between Alex, Le Cirque, MiX, Craftsteak, Bouchon, and so many other highly regarded restaurants in Vegas I definitively had a GREAT culinary trip....my only regret is that I didn't have more room in my stomach.  If I had, I'd have certainly filled it with more goods from Bouchon.  Impressive goals often lead to impressive results.  "Respect for food is a respect for life, for who we are and what we do."  -- Thomas Keller
5 ::: Review #100 :::   Located on the 2nd floor in the Venetian next to the shops, this bakery stall is a must stop.  The more I heard about the macaroons here and how delish they were, the more the anticipation built. Finally, we stopped by before heading to the pool. There was a beautiful selection of macaroons of different colors &amp; flavors. There was also other baked pastries, cupcakes (red velvet), and sandwiches. The OJ looked pretty good too.  I ended up getting an espresso macaroon and a piece of the foccacia du jour which had goat cheese, tomatoes, and basil.   The foccacia was really good (and they offer to heat it up). It was soft, yet crunchy, and quite tasty. It was like a mini foccacia pizza bread. The macaroon was good as well. The pastry part was slightly sticky crunchy, like biting through a layer of crystallized sugar or something. The filling was like a sweet espresso flavor.
5 Since I visited both Bouchon Restaurant and Bouchon Bakery in Yountville, I was hooked.  Once I learned they had shop in Vegas, I knew I had to stop in there during my last visit to Sin City.    Before checking out of the Palazzo, I headed over to the Venetian to order some goodies from Bouchon Bakery.  The line was wrapping around their little bakery station in the corner of the casino.  I had a hard time deciding what I wanted to order just by looking at their display of goodies behind the glass cases.  Finally, I decided on the following:  a turkey and brie sandwich, a carrot cake cookie, a cheese danish, chocolate croissant and a small coffee.  Yes, all of where were for just myself!  I'm a glutton =)  My boyfriend had already left and took an earlier flight home so I was able to spoil myself with these yummy treats.  Everything was deeeeelish!  I would definitely be returning for more sugary carby heaven.
4 Large, lovely macarons!! Chocolate and Vanilla may seem like blah flavors, but when they're done right, they are goooood. Expensive but worth it.  What's not worth it? Those strawberry croissants that everyone was raving about. I was imagining fresh macerated strawberries, perhaps with a touch of cream, inside a buttery, flakey, chewy croissant. What did I get? Something like the love child of a fruit pie with crumble top and a danish. Yes, it's a croissant. Sort of. It's very buttery, but very flat. There aren't that many strawberries in it. And the flavor is dominated by the crumble topping (butter, sugar, cinnamon). It was not bad, it was just, eh, whatever. Definitely not worth getting up early to buy before they sell out. And definitely not worth getting more than once, if at all. I would say save your money for the macarons.   Oh, I almost forgot--there's some kind of round cheese danish type sweet that's AMAZING. I ate it at the restaurant, but if they have it at the bakery, you will not be disappointed. Get that instead.  Location:   Inside the Venetian. It's a little difficult to find if you are on the strip coming from the direction of the Wynn. Once you get to the Venetian you'll see the entrance to the casino (to the right will be the gondolas). Just go through the doors. Once in the casino, you'll see the sports book area to your right. Go straight through past the slots, table games and more slots towards the theater (currently showing the Phantom of the Opera). You know you're close when you see some restaurants to the right and an information desk in front of you. Bouchon Bakery is behind the information desk on the other side in a stand that faces the theater.
5 Fresh orange juice and a fabulous cheese danish / pumpkin muffin / strawberry croissant, or a bag of the most amazing beignets I've had outside of New Orleans!   Right near the elevators, perfect for a morning grab-run-back-to-your-room-so-your-wife-can-eat-in-bed!  Also perfect for the grab-and-head-up-to-your-room-and-have-a-yummy-bedtime-treat.   Any more than a few days of this behavior and I'll be sporting the giant ass.  Might as well get a fanny pack and join the crowd over at the Strat.
5 http://thesoloreviewer.blogspot.com/  A trip to Las Vegas isn't complete without several trips to Bouchon Bakery. I stayed at the Venetian Hotel and Casino for one major reason. Thomas freaking Keller! Whether I was dining at Bouchon Bistro or snacking on treats from Bouchon Bakery, I followed Keller like a fly on a horse's butt! First trip consisted of one of there famous macaroons which I didn't see what the fuss was. I got the vanilla flavor but maybe they only taste good when they first bring them down because mine was a little on the stale side. While the vanilla cream inside was good the stale outside just ruined it.   Second trip was a little more successful. I ended with the famous Thomas Keller's version of a Nutter Butter and a freshly baked Chocolate Donut with a custard filling. The Nutter Butter was good, much better than the cookie, with a peanut butter cookie on the outside and delicious peanut butter on the inside making it a perfect little treat! Move over Dunkin Donuts because I run on Thomas Keller's Donuts. Perfectly shaped donut with a wonderful custard feeling with chocolate icing and chocolate sprinkles on top. MMMMMM Donut was the only thing that kept popping in my head while eating it! If I had a Bouchon Bakery near me I would be the size of a whale.   Third trip was my favorite. I got the Carrot Cake Cookie. It tasted so fresh and moist and looks just like that big cookie in the movie "Honey I Shrunk the Kids" that the ants were eating on. Hopefully ya'll know what I'm talking about. Just like the ants I couldn't get enough. It had that nice little spice that carrot cake has with a wonderful cream inside that reminded me of the cream in those oatmeal cookies I got growing up in my school lunches. Just a perfect cookie!  Last and final trip, a tear slowly ran down my eyes while I made my final purchase, was Red Velvet Cupcake with a Citrus Frosting. While cheesecake is my favorite desert, red velvet is my second and this cupcake is the reason why. I got it as soon as they came down from baking, it was perfectly moist with a wonderfully rich cream cheese feeling inside a nice citrus frosting on top with a cute little smiley face made of chocolate chips reminding me it was Halloween. It was very rich but very good!  All I can say is thank you Thomas Keller for being the genius you are and making my trip oh so sweet!
4 the macaroons here are to die for (my favorite was the vanilla)! they're $3.50 a pop but they're worth it. however, i didn't think the other pastries i tried were up to snuff (chocolate chip walnut cookie, carrot cake cookie, chocolate croissant), but i'd definitely go back for the macaroons. go in the morning because they have a tendency to sell out later in the day.
3 Bouchon Bakery was actually pretty decent. The food looked amazing and my wife was so thrilled to visit here since she is a mad croissant fan.  But I can't give them more than 3 stars. I expected way more pastries and my pecan roll was good, but nothing to swoon over.  So, A-OK it is. Would be nicer if it was a little cheaper and the seating was closer. We ended up getting lost looking for a place to sit and just ended up at the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf upstairs. But definitely a nice little quick breakfast if your buffet the night before left you more bloated than old Elvis.
4 The coffee macarons were delicious. The piece was bigger than I normally would prefer but it was perfect for sharing. The chocolate croissant was yummy, but make sure you tell them to heat it up for you. It tastes much better warm than cold. I really like the location of the bakery because it's right where the elevators are to go to your room at the Venetian. I would definitely return.
3 This place is hard to find and there is no seating. Would go again though. Tried the Espresso Macaroon and the Red Velvet cupcake .. 'bout as big a 5 yr. old's head. Pass on the cupcake though..yeah it was big and beautiful but it just wasn't fresh.  Frosting was great though and the macaroon was perfect. I will try again my next time out to Vegas. But, I will go early morning and during the week as suggested. So stay tuned!
4 Their vanilla macaron was the best thing I ate in Vegas (which included Wynn Buffet, Aloha Kitchen, BLT, rm Seafood) $3.50 isn't so bad because they're larger than most macarons I've seen.  They sell a 5 pack with all of their macaron flavors for $16.50.  The carrot cake cookie sandwich ($3.50) was very big and I liked how it didn't have raisins.  No complaints.  I'd stay away from their red velvet cupcakes. They have a strange filling and the cake had too much cocoa. Tasted more like a chocolate cupcake more than anything.
3 The service was excellent and there is a reason why i gave it a lesser star rating, last night i went to save christmas! by buying treats for the family. I got a discount since i work at the casino. I bought a ton of brownies and macaroons and things i can't describe. Anyway, me and a coworker were having fun and we got the order which came to 22$ which, is what i expected.  My only complaint is i got home, overly excited about dessert that i nearly skipped dinner and went straight for one of my fave things in the world, Brownies only to be let down! :( it tasted like it was burnt, but nonetheless i gave it the benefit of the doubt and tried another... and another it all was horriblee :( luckily the other items i bought made up for it. I'm a fan of great service so i would definetly come back, but i'm staying away from those brownies!
4 i'm a fan of the restaurant, so of course i had to try the bakery...which is kind of hard to find...it's behind the escalators.  almost everything i tried has been good...especially the mini brownies and the financiers.  i thought the french macarons were just okay...they tasted good, but the flavors were hard to discern unless you already knew what they were...and they were too big...as i've mentioned before in another review, think macaroons taste best when they are bite size =)    they have a pretty good selection of other bakery/pastry items...and also sandwiches that are perfect for togo.
4 Stopped by here for a snack after making a deposit into the Megabucks machine.  Figured that I deserved something after winning absolutely nothing.  Anyways took me a minute to finally find the place and it is true that they do not any places to sit.  Scanned the display case and everything looked pretty good.  Decided on a carrot cake cookie sandwich and a chocolate macaroon.  I am not a big macaroon fan, but decided to try one of these because everyone says it's the thing to get here.  Well...yeah, still not a macaroon fan but it was alrite.  Carrot cake cookie sandwich on the other hand was mighty fine.  Next time I make another deposit into one of those one arm bandits, I will make sure I have a lil something left to try out one of those Oreo looking things.
3 Funny how I never made it to the one at Time Warner Center in New York even though I live there. Anyway I got a carrot cake sandwich, a TKO, and three macarons (vanilla, chocolate, coffee.) Macarons were good, but I actually thought they were too big, too flat, and a bit too crispy. They definitely weren't the best macarons I've ever had. I liked the cookies better. I recommend both. Overall everything was delicious, but considering the price I expected them to blow me away and they didn't. Doesn't mean I won't come back, but I'm not exactly having dreams about them as I usually do with newly discovered sweets!
2 You would be disappointed by the quality of pastries here if you compare them to the ones offered in Yountville, CA.
5 Greatest...Bakery...Ever...I never thought I'd spend $50.00 for pastries.  I've not yet tried the other two branches; however, the meticulous preparation and the vast array of offerings (their specials changed markedly each day) made this a terrific breakfast.
2 I keep hearing things about Bouchon this and Bouchon that. There wasn't any money in the budget to eat at the actual Bouchon, so the bakery was the closest I could get to it.  Loren John B. said they have the best doughnuts in America according to Yahoo! so we ventured out to the Venetain to check it out. They are located by the Phantom theatre. Sadly, by the time we got there, they were all sold out. This was at 11am.  We opted for a TKO (their version of an oversized oreo), red velvet and chocolate cupcakes.   I really liked the TKO; the filing was really good. As for the cupcakes here, NO. The red velvet tasted nothing like red velvet and they put regular ol cream cheese in the middle of the cupcake. The chocolate one was okay.   I really want to know what the doughnuts taste like. Doughnut get the cupcakes.
5 I LOVE this bakery.  I've spent so much money there that I'm ashamed to admit it. I totally love breads and sweets though so pastries are a definite weakness. I love their macaroons.  I don't even like macaroons and I could eat one of these everyday.  I also really like their ham and cheese sandwich.  It's so simple but I still like it a lot. The chocolate bouchons are amazing as well. The food there definitely makes my thighs feel like they are expanding... probably all the butter they use in their food... but it's worth every calorie or that extra hour in the gym.
2 I've heard a lot about Bouchon Bakery but it fell below my expectations. Maybe my expectations were too high??? I thought the pastries were nothing special and didn't make an impact on me. They weren't awful but not so memorable either.   Red velvet cupcake - wasn't even red.. more like diluted washed out red. Cream cheese icing was good but there was too much of it. I liek my cupcakes moist but this wasn't. I've had way better red velvet cupcakes.  Bread pudding cake - Presentation was great. Looking at it made me salivate. Tasting it however, was not so great. Dry and bland.   Chocolate tart - great texture but the taste once again disappointed me. Some I can see why people would like this but it was way to rich for me. Everytime I took a bite it felt like it got stuck to the roof of my mouth. I want to eat chocolate... not peanut butter.  I've been told their macrons are good but I didn't get a chance to try it. Maybe next time? I do want to try Bouchon Bistro though...
5 Shortly after landing in Vegas Friday morning I rushed over to the Venetian for a mid morning snack and cappuccino from Bouchon Bakery. The bakery was tricky to find but it was worth every step I took to get there.    The walk-up bakery has a great display of French-influenced baked goods. I was lucky to beat the mid-morning rush. Shortly after ordering the barista commented on how perfectly dry the cappuccino was. She handed me my drink and a precisely baked pain au chocolate, that had a golden brown and flaky exterior that was filled with warm, rich chocolate.   Not that I needed to, but I couldn't resist ordering something for the road. I chose a soft and chewy, buttercream filled, lemon macaron that turned out to be a delicious way to finish my snack.   Bouchon Bakery was a great way to start my Vegas weekend. I had perfect timing beating the rush; they had perfect service; a perfect cappuccino; and perfect baked goods. In no time after finishing my first few bites, a dozen or so people came charging in to experience the expertly crafted and enticing display of Bouchon's baked goods.
4 So I came back to Bouchon for the a box of macarons...just to try the different flavors. The coffee was good, as usual, the vanilla bean and lemon were also good. The raspberry was okay. I liked the texture overall and do recommend it. The thing is that I like desserts, but I don't like them overly sweet. I had the red velvet and I know a lot of people like it super sweet, but I liked that it was more chocolate in taste and it had the right moisture. If you're looking for really sweet red velvet, I probably would not recommend this to you. But I felt that Bouchon delivered me what I was looking for. =)
5 I've been craving macarons for a while and hadn't had any good ones. A relative was going to Vegas for the weekend and I asked him to bring back some macarons from Bouchon Bakery for me, one of each flavor. He said he try.  Come Monday morning, he hands me a small bag from Bouchon Bakery. Yay! It was like a rainbow of macarons in a box- topped with a bow. ( Picture: http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/7BtF3VZBv1XjqkUhIyZB8Q/l ) In the box (from left to right) was a rasberry macaron, an orange macaron, a lemon macaron, a hazelnut/cream/(?) macaron, an espresso macaron, and a chocolate macaron.   My favorite was the hazelnut/cream/(?) followed by the lemon and the espresso. I found the rasberry too tart and the orange too strong. They were delish AND I did share half of each macaron.  5 stars for delicious snacks and pretty, see-through packaging.
5 This review is for the Chocolate Cupcake only.  This cupcake, is as good as it gets. I would say Bouchon Bakery's chocolate cupcake is even better than Kara's and Sprinkles Cupcakes. The meringue frosting is lighter than traditional buttercream/icing. The chocolate cream and the cake itself is moist and has a rich, yet, not too sweet taste.  $3.50 for a BIG cupcake.
5 Perfect French inspired breakfast made possible by the skilled Bouchon bakers.  Pain d'epi with butter & marmalade. Pain au chocolat. Macaron chocolat and a latte. I'll be dreaming of this combination until the next time I'm clutching them in my excited little hands.
5 the most amazing cheese danishes ever! nothing like the store bought cheese danishes i've always thought them to be. these ones are like croissants with whipped cream cheese on top. amazingly delicious! orange juice is freshly squeezed. croissants are flaky. whatever you get, this place does not fail. i always go here every time i'm in town.
5 if it was in chicago I would try everything there. they have sandwiches too. yes. good. uh huh. chocolate and various cakey goodness
5 macaroons are too die for! the carrot cake sandwich is pretty damn good! the croissants are another yumm-o! The red velvet, soo good!  Bring home the assorted macaroons! sooo worth the calories!
2 I was rather disappointed with Bouchon! I read an article on Yahoo! that they had one of the best donuts in the country. Unfortunately, a few friends and I showed up here around one in the afternoon only to find out they sold out earlier in the morning. Laaaaaaaame. So, since we were there we might as well try something, right?   Clarisse C. and Jeffrey L. purchased a red velvet cupcake, a chocolate cupcake with custard in the middle, and a TKO. The red velvet cupcake wasn't as great as I thought it would be. Jeff was really disappointed with it too. The chocolate cupcake wasn't much better, but a slight redemption from the red velvet.   Among four of us, we all enjoyed the TKO, which was basically a fancy Oreo cookie. If I could suggest any delicacy, I'd say grab yourself a couple of those.   Unitl I get around to trying the donuts, this review remains at 2-stars. That is all.
5 Since I missed out on the bakery the last time I ate at Bouchon in Napa - I was really insistent we check out the Las Vegas location.  I grabbed a snack here EVERY DAY while we were partying up in Vegas. It also didn't help that I was staying in the Venetian just an elevators ride from the bakery...  Favorites were the chocolate eclairs and the ham and brie sandwich. The bf really enjoyed the bread pudding - it was still moist and had a yummy crunchy texture outside.  And I used to really dislike macroons - until Bouchon! Probably the reason this review got bumped from 4 stars to 5 stars - because I still dream about those damn chocolate macaroons.   The only minus? I don't live close to either their NYC, Vegas, or Yountville locatios. But maybe this is a good thing? It's keeping me from dying from a sugar induced death...
5 Never tasted such a buttery and flaky, crispy, yet moist, croissant. The large chocolate marshmellow cupcake was like a minicake, filled with a sweet chocolate filling that surprised me when I put a piece into my mouth (i had no idea since i was eating the cake in the dark!). The coffee here was warm and delicious too, not too bold. Finally, the macaroons - sweet like soft candy. The coffee flavor macaroon was my favorite! But for 3.50, I think I should have bought another cupcake to take with me home ; )  Mmmm I want more!
4 Cupcake was surprising nothing special.  Pain au croissant (chocolate croissants) were delicious!!!  So good, get them.  Cookies also not super fantastic.
4 Forget the mini donuts.  Just get a flaky croissant and a soy latte.  What more do you need to start out your morning in Las Vegas?
5 Best croissant of my life.  Oahn N. is right on about it being "buttery and flaky, cripsy, yet moist".  Perfect, really.  Quick, friendly service and convenient.  I really wish I had one of these in my city.
3 It was confusing as hell to find this place.  The only reason why I insisted on going is because I knew the French macaroons that would await me when I found it.  It's located in the most unusual spot... underneath the escalators.  Go for the macaroons... dissapointed there were no pistachio or hazlenut.  Still good though.. took some home.  The food is the same quality.. but boo on the location.  Seriously.. we walked around the hotel four tim  Bliss at last.... just make sure they are served at room temperature and stored in an airtight container.
4 I haven't actually been to this place, but Iris C. was nice enough to bring me back a macaron gift box. According to her, this is just a small kiosk so there wouldn't be that much to try anyway. But, back to the macarons. In my limited experience as a macaron connoisseur, they have all been bite-sized - no bigger than the size of a half dollar coin. These macarons are supersized! They seem like a novelty item. The bigger size does not take away from the consistency of having a crispy shell with a soft and chewy inside. How do these compare with Paulette's, which have become the standard for good macarons? The texture is definitely there, but the flavors still go to Paulette's. The flavors are limited to: chocolate, raspberry, orange, lemon, espresso, and vanilla - good, but not amazing. Make me a giant almond-flavored macaron and you will get your 5th star. Oh, these macarons are not cheap by the way. One big MoonPie-sized macaron will cost you around $3.50. I still can't get over their humorously large size.
3 Fruit tart was ok lots of fruit but the tart filling was too sweet for me. It had this raspberry jam-like filling inside the tart crust; kind of unique.  Orange juice and the tart came out to be $11!  Quite expensive.
5 One word: macaroons!
4 Came here just for their macarons and they didn't disappoint.  You can either get them for $3.50 each or $17.50 for a box of 6 so I opted for the box  (which came out to be a little under $3 each).  The macarons were huge!! (the size of my palm).  It included orange, raspberry, vanilla, lemon, coffee and chocolate flavors.  The cookie was chewy and crunchy on the outside and the flavors were pretty good as well.  Overall, solid macarons.
4 We were getting ready to leave for the airport and wanted to get a bite to eat in the hotel before we left.  It was close, on the way out to the airport and we assumed it would probably kick the crap out of any airport food you could get.    Here's what we sampled:  Turkey Brie Sandwich: Brie, lettuce, roast turkey, and mustard.  Warmed and pressed, the bread had a texture of a ciabatta which was good, the creaminess of the brie got a little sticky and runny in the sandwich after heating it, and I liked the aroma and texture of melted brie in any way shape or form.  Still, I have to admit, this didn't outstanding, it was good, but the taste wasn't any different from a sandwich that I could have made myself.  Vegetable jardiniere Sandwich: With Portabello mushroom, eggplant, fennel, caramelized onions, picquillo pepper, fontina cheese and pesto.  My g/f ordered this.  Oh my goodness.  This is the sandwich I SHOULD have ordered from the start.  It is a vegetarian sandwich, but the meatiness of the mushrooms, the texture of the eggplant, with the aromatics and crisp bite from the fennel.  Each bite was almost a unique cathartic experience, you had a mixture of caramelized onions, the mellow heat and body from the pepper and the melted fontina cheese was able the sit carefully on the knife edge on being flavorful and robust but also remained delicate enough it didn't overpower the sandwich.  Seriously, my g/f loved this sandwich so much, it was almost impossible for me to get additional bites, I even offered her a trade on our sandwiches, where she simply smiled at me and continued eating.  This was a fantastic sandwich that even me; a devote carnivore, feel as though this was a sandwich that I would be happy to eat on a regular basis.   Chocolate bouchons:    Their name was given due to the fact that they are shaped like the corks from bottle of wine.  Without a doubt they certainly taste better then the real corks, these little morsels were rich and super moist, with little chocolate bits inside.  It reminds me of a brownie, a damn good one at that.  Chocolate Eclair:    This was my dessert, me being the chocoholic after first glance when I saw it in the glass enclosure, I didn't stand a chance.  The choux pastry dough, was light and airy, carried a light and subtle sweetness, additionally the chocolate creme patissiere was decadent and smooth, and there was a rich slathering of more chocolate right on top, creating a lovely balance with each intoxicating mouthful.    Lemon Tart:    My g/f's choice, and quite honestly she has bested me once again, in terms of picking the item I would get again, the lemon filling almost reminded me of a lemon curd; with all the zest that they put in you could really taste the fresh lemons, the wonderful level of acidity balanced with a creamy richness.  Most notably, is the crust, here rather then to just do a pie crust or a simple graham cracker crust, they went with a fresh pine nut crust, the pine nuts created a great aroma, nutty texture with a crisp crunch.  With each bite of the two elements, with their contrasting flavors, and textures melded together creating a absolutely amazing dish.  It's a must try for those that have yet to experience this, and one I'll be getting next time.  Parisian Macaroons  Appearance wise these were stunning, I bought a couple of boxes to take back home as gifts, and even though up front they ran out, the staff were kind enough to go into the back room and make the rest to complete our order.  Wonderful presentation and colors, I was told that they each had different flavors, (which included lemon, orange, strawberry, vanilla, mocha and chocolate.)  Basically, we had a delay and ultimately a cancelled flight so me and my g/f may have dug into one of the boxes, you know we had to sample the gift we were giving and we did want to make sure the gift we were about to give was fresh since our next flight would be the next day.  So we sampled a box.  Rich, chewy and super dense, with a wonderful flavor sandwiched with a very thin layer of creme.  If I had to rate it in the order of preference, it went vanilla, coffee, lemon, chocolate, strawberry and orange.  Goes really well with a nice cup of plain coffee as well!  The next day on our way back for attempt #2 to the airport, we stopped by one more time here and replenished the macaroons gift box that we consumed while taste testing it.  So make sure next time your here go ahead and give into whatever pastries and sweets you desire just make sure don't leave without trying the lemon tart and the Vegetable jardiniere!
5 You can't expect any less by Thomas Keller except perhaps when he isn't there himself. That's where his pastry chefs come in.  At about a quarter past eight the lines were already forming. The baked goods looked so fresh and enticing. It sure captured my husband's attention as he made his way with stroller in tow to take a peek at the sandwiches. A glance at the price tag made him u-turn right back,  I was here and on a mission to have their chocolate bouchons and macarons. Packed in pastry boxes for the drive I waited till I got home to enjoy these delights. The bouchons will surely be the death of my and thankfully BB is hours away. They are deathly good.  As for the macarons, yes it's MACARONS not macaroons (those coconut things), they're double in size and about double in price. They're delicate , crisp yet chewy, full flavored and made up of good quality ingredients.
5 because thomas keller in little doses never disappoints.  oddly enough, im was disappointed at the size of their cupcakes. it was too big, too american, too tacky for the food that he actually serves.  but in any case, the chocolate cupcake was good. it had a chocolate mousse filling inside and a marshmallowy icing.  but the croissants? ah. its always worth the calories and the crumbs that end up on  your shirt.  as i said in my bouchon bakery, ny review - "hello croissants, i love you."
4 Oh my, oh my, the croissants are so delicious. warm, soft, and buttery. Almost as good as the ones I would buy in Paris.  There seems to always be a line here weekend mornings, but I don't mind waiting.  My parents really enjoy their macaroons.  I tried this fruit tart that was to die for.  It was overloaded with fruits and just the right amount of sweetness.  I haven't tried their cupcakes, and I think I'll be keeping it that way.  Its supposed to be a french bakery, so I'll stick to the specialties.
4 The Bouchon Bakery is located just at the foot of the main tower elevator bank at The Venetian resort.  This is a great place to grab pastries, sandwiches, drinks, and sweets so you don't max out your hotel bill with items from the mini-bar.  I usually get the Grilled Ham and Cheese Baguette, which is delicious, or the Turkey Brio sandwich.  The service is very fast and the price is reasonable.  I usually grab something here before I head out for the day so I don't get stuck somewhere without food.  It is hard to find quick food like this in Vegas.  Sometimes, I just want a sandwich without a wait and this place fits the bill perfectly.
4 Tucked away in the Venetian, this is the perfect breakfast place.  The chicken and waffles were excellent (though the chicken could have been more moist).  The waffles with the tahitian vanilla butter and bacon/chives in the waffles were delicious.  Service is good as expected. The corned beef hash, which I'm not usually a fan, was also tasty.
4 I was so excited to try Bouchon Bakery after reading about Thomas Keller and salivating over the pictures on Yelp.  Imagine my surprise when I found out that it was just a tiny little stand (no seating) at the base of the escalators in the Venetian.  No matter--I loaded up and took it upstairs to the food court area and then indulged, Vegas style.  Here's what I got:  -Chocolate macaron: (5/5) Chewy and dense, this reminded me of what would happen if a cookie and brownie had a love child.   -Carrot cake sandwich: (4/5)  Two carrot cake "cookies" with the frosting sandwiched between. It was very good, although the edges were slightly dried out.  I did go in the afternoon, and I assume the stuff was sitting out for a while, though.    -Chocolate Chip cookie: (3/5)   -Roast beef sandwich: (5/5) The chewy bread, the PERFECT roast beef, and something sweet mixed in there (caramelized onions perhaps? idk) was just heaven.    -Chocolate bouchon: Cute and tiny. I didn't get to try this one, but was told it was very very good!  -Chocolate croissant:  (5/5)  This was the least oily croissant I've had, so it took me a while to get used to it.  I really liked the flakiness of the shell and the excellent dark chocolate inside.    -TKO--The Thomas Keller Oreo (3/5)  I didn't really enjoy this that much. I thought the cookie was light and yummy, but the inside filling didn't do it for me. But perhaps that's because I don't like oreos to begin with. Why did I get this? Idk. I guess I read so much about it on Yelp.  I would only get this if you like oreos.  I do not crave sweet sugary foods (except for fruit!), but I'm glad I tried Bouchon bakery.  I'll be back next time to grab another sandwich and perhaps try more of their sweets!  *See pics*
5 I had no idea this bakery was so revered...  This has been my favorite bakery/place for breakfast in Vegas since my first visit here.  Not surprised though - Yelpers know their shit and Thomas Keller is a god  :)  Best croissants ever.  Get them when they're fresh.  The macarons are amazing.  I always buy the gift box for about twenty bucks, and see if I can resist opening it and eating them until I get home.  Usually makes it till about the plane ride back.  More stuff you should try: the beignets filled with raspberry will put any doughnut to shame (and I AM an avid Krispy Kreme fan), the chocolate bouchons are heavenly, and as someone else said here, the best Red Velvet Cupcake I've ever had, in the world, ever, period.  Better than Magnolia Bakery.  Better than the ones I had in Georgia.    Also, they make a damn good cup of coffee here.  Don't even bother with Starbuck's.
4 Napa is just a hop skip and a jump away from the bay area...but it was in Vegas that I first sampled anything Thomas Keller related.  Bouchon Bakery was so ideally located...right as you get off the elevator of at the Venetian, it's there to say good morning to me everyday and greets me on my way back up too.  =) On my last day I bought 2 red velvet cupcakes to bring back on my flight home.  Luckily it survived and was still as divine as ever.  The unique characteristic of this red velvet cupcake is the extra cream cheese filling they put inside...like a jelly donut.  Cleaver...if i wanted a cupcake w/ my cream cheese...Regardless of the overload, the cake part was soft and perfectly moist.  Well worth the $3.50 each.    A great introduction to Mr. Keller's empire...  French Laundry- I will meet you too some day.
5 I wasn't very hungry but after losing $180 at Wheel of Fortune, I needed a litto pick me up, ASAP.  Bouchon Bakery is such a gem! Everything here is just so cute and looks yummy. A little on the pricey side, but the Turkey Baguette sandwich with a chocolate eclair has got me hooked.   I dunno what the hell is in that turkey baguette, so addicting.. They have it prepared in a glass window and once you order it they put it in a panini press-like machine to heat it up. The baguette has some leafy greens, lots of fresh turkey, a creamy/nutty/buttery cheese that is to die for, and a special spreAd that brings everything together. Also, the baguette itself is soft & crunchy with nuts baked in. Like Bobby Flay said, the best foods are the simple ones done right.   Pricey for sure but the Turkey baguette ($9)  is heartier than it looks!
4 I've never had a macaron before and needed to pop that cherry.. .  After a quick search I found only two places that sold them, and based on the reviews this place was the best of the two.  I bought the sampler box for $17.50 which came with 6 cookies.  And.. they were great!    A lot larger than I imagined them to be, almost the size of my palm.  The buttercream filling was softer than I expected, and kinda squished out when I attempted to break them in half.  I loved the variety in my sampler box, the texture of the cookie was wonderful.. airy, slightly chewy, and melts in your mouth all at the same time.  I'll be back for more..
5 everything here is yummy (at least the sweets). the tarts were awesome (chocolate, lemon) and so were the croissants, chocolate eclair, cookies, chocolate mousse cake, and on and on...  Some of the desserts are the same (simplified) from the restaurant, so if you want to save a couple of bucks, get them here. it's not to be missed.
2 Almost $8 for a plain croissant and orange juice that's NOT freshly squeezed? Come on.
4 Great Place to get a quick breakfast, or snack. I really like that it is right across from the hotel elevators so you don't have to walk too far to get a good pastry.  I really enjoy their Ham & Cheese criossant and they make a nice cup of coffe.
5 Bouchon Bakery is one of those "pilgrimage" bakeries that you must visit at least once a year (or once a month if you're an LV native for all I'm concerned). Their macarons are crazy delicious and are really large like the rest of the pastries there.  I would personally recommend getting (in addition to a box of macarons) the chocolate croissant, the chocolate bouchons, and the TKO (Thomas Keller Oreo).
3 The quality is a bit below the Yountville location's level. I was a little disappointed, but not so disappointed that I didn't enjoy a pudding cup and a nutter butter cookie sandwich.
5 When you're in the need for a snack, check this place out.  They have scrumptious ham and cheese baguette sandwiches that really hit the spot.  If you're looking for something sweet, they have all kinds of pastries and bite-size desserts to satisfy your craving.  Pair it with a hot cup of coffee and you're ready to keep rockin' it in Vegas.
5 Get the $12 bakery basket...so worth it.....the pastries are da bomb!!! I wish they had one closer to Cali! The strawberry croissant, raspberry beignets were to die for....the roll was eh....but this place is a must stop if you're in vegas and have a sweet tooth. Breakfast is alright..it's all about the baked goods and located inside the Venetian.
4 The GF and I stayed at the Venetian in August for our anniversary and our elevators were right in front of the Bouchon Bakery! We decided to get a treat each day we were there.   On Sunday we decided to try the Red Velvet cupcake and it was really good! I thought for the price ($3.50) and the size of the cupcake it was a pretty good value. The frosting was really good, and I liked how there was a glob of frosting in the middle of the cupcake as well. If you are a frosting whore like me, you'll love it!   On Monday we decided to try the Fruit Tart, this was actually my favorite, but I am a huge Fruit Tart fan. It was topped with kiwis, strawberries, blueberries, peaches, and a fig! The fig was pretty tasty and unique. The custard was quite delicious and went well with the tasty crust. I have to admit I ate most of this one, sorry sweetie!   On Tuesday we had the Dark Chocolate Cupcake, this one was my GFs favorite, she loves dark chocolate so this one was all her. I thought it was good but I like milk chocolate better than the dark. This cupcake also had the glob of dark chocolate frosting in the middle of the cake.   So overall they were all good, I rank it Fruit Tart, Red Velvet,and Dark Chocolate. One funny note, my GF and I were thrown off my their plastic "silverware", the plastic forks/spoons/knives are silver and for a second we thought it was the real deal! If you have a sweet tooth, this is a must stop!
2 3.95 for a regular croissant?????  Get real!  And it wasn't even that good.  I've had better at Lee's sandwich or even La Madeleine.  Though they did have fresh squeezed orange juice... but I think they may have added some sugar.  Boo... I was hoping to eat a great croissant each morning.  Maybe if it came out fresh... I totally forgot to try the chocolate one though.
4 As good as the Bouchon Bakery locations in Yountville and New York City.   Conveniently located right outside the guest elevators in the Venetian.  It was easy to pop downstairs and grab some pastries and coffee and take them back upstairs for breakfast - cheaper and tastier than room service.    Had the cheese danish, croissant, yogurt parfait, an almond brioche, a strawberry croissant, and a raspberry macaron.  Everything was delicious.  Bouchon macarons are probably the best I've had in the US.  The service was a little on the snotty side, but I've actually found that to be the case at the other two Bouchon Bakery locations too.  Weird.
5 Mmmmm. I was so excited to see Bouchon Bakery on the way up to my room at the Venetian. I didn't think the prices were all that bad, considering it was in a toursity area in a toursity city and had high quality, authentic French pastries and food. I saw much crappier food for similar prices in Vegas.  During my stay, I tried the chocolate pudding (3 layers of different flavors, creamy and heavenly and just the right size for a snack), a (huge) raspberry macaron (a bit too sweet but lovely smooth consistency), pain au chocolat (flaky and delicious, with the perfect amount of smooth chocolate chunks inside), and a carrot cake cookie (2 huge cookies, very soft and cake-like, with amazing cream cheese frosting inside).  Service was fine, pretty fast and not at all snotty - if anything, it was the opposite (one woman who helped me pronounced everything incorrectly - it's macaRON NOT macaROON).  Also, bonus points for the fake disposable silverware that looks exactly like the real thing. Very classy, Thomas Keller.
4 If you are into good french pastries and good coffee for breakfast, you'll get both at Bouchon bakery.   I tried their raisin pain and the latte.  The pain was surprisingly light and flaky, not too buttery although I'm sure it's layered with butter.  The latte was good but  I recommend 2 shots to balance out the milk.  You also must try the fresh squeezed OJ. Unfortunately, it comes in large size only but I finished most of it, it was that good.  For these 3 things, my tab was around $18, I think.  It's pricey but everything is jacked up on the strip. I recommend the croissants, plain or chocolate.  I'm not a fan of the strawberry croissant.  It was mushy and too sweet (basically croissant topped with strawberry jam and dusting of powdered sugar).  I will not be ordering that again.   Btw, there is a killer espresso place right around the corner next to Crispy Creme.  Do NOT order the espresso at that Illy gelato place.
4 The chocolate Bouchon ($1.75) super rich but not bad for the price, cheese danish:  very buttery and flaky but a little more pricey @ $4 but what do you expect @ the Venetian hotel, on the strip and "Bouchon" for the most part.  Sm. coffee ($3) and Stroong.  You definitely get what you pay for and if you're a guest @ the Venetian this is the best place to get a quick pastry and cup of coffee as it is conveniently located near the guest elevators.  **there's no tables or chairs so either bring it back to your room or take it out to the 4th floor and enjoy it poolside =)
5 We passed by bouchon bakery a few times a day going up to our room & didn't try this place until the very last day! -toasted ham & cheese sandwich on a baguette: the best ham & cheese sandwich! Seriously! Who knew something so simple would be so good? I think I really liked the toasted baguette the best. & they just don't toast it, they put it in a panini grill so it gets crispy on both sides.   -macarons: I was glad to see that these macarons made it through some outlet shopping in 100 degree weather & through the airplane ride home & was still presentable to give to my family. I got coffee & chocolate. These macarons are BIG...& cost $3.50 each! But it was worth trying! -iced vanilla latte: for some reason this iced coffee was really good! The coffee was strong & the vanilla made it just sweet enough.  -almond brioche: imagine an almond croissant. Now take away the croissant & your left with the almonds & almond paste inside. Put this on top of a piece of thick, cripsy bread & you have almond brioche. I was good, but I like almond croissants better.      Overall I enjoyed bouchon bakery & wish there was a closer one!
3 If you are near The Coffee Bean on the second floor of the Venetian, the Buchon Bakery is definitely worth the walk down the escalator to get a pastry. If you are in your room and are considering walking a bit further for strawberry croissant, it may not be worth the extra walk.
4 I came here on a Sunday afternoon wanting to try the carrot cake cookie but they were all sold out by 1pm. The guy working there said people buy them up 5 or 6 at a time. I guess that means they're pretty good.  So, I tried one of their chocolate chip cookies -- huge, about the size of 4 normal sized cookies. The flavor was good, not intensely sweet, but I've had better. It could have used larger chunks of chocolate.  I also tried the TKO (Thomas Keller Oreo). Loved it! Although is was bordering on being too sugary and sweet, the chocolate cookies were soft and chewy (but not too dense) and the creme was fabulous.  The place is a little tough to find, but it's worth the trip.
3 Um. Yeah. I didn't think it was nearly astounding as everyone else did.   Cheers: Any of the macarons, especially the raspberry and lemon. The TKO - super yum! Almond brioche. Cheese danish. Croissant. Fruit tart, on that crust.  Jeers: The cupcakes were astoundingly boring. Chocolate was good, but I've had better. The red velvet was dry and dull. The carrot cake, I had hopes for you, but they were quickly dashed when it tasted dayold.  I thought it was pretty pricey for average tasting baked goods, especially for all the raves. Maybe I caught the baked goods on an off day? Will try again next time in Vegas.  BTW, damn good coffee.
4 The first time we tried to go, after our dinner at Bouchon, we were extremely disappointed that they were closed. They were supposed to be open until at least 9, but we got there at 8:30 and they were closing up shop. Had to make another trip through the venetian to go the next day.   Eventually we had the vanilla macaroon and the carrot cake cookie after a little insisting from the ladies behind the counter.  the macaroon was heavenly and the carrot cake was just OK. maybe we should've gone with our first instinct and gotten the TKO instead of carrot cake.      definitely need to go back to try different flavors of macaroons, croissants, TKO and possibly the baguette.  since the baguette was EXCELLENT I'm assuming they are made the same way.    As other people mentioned, don't go too far out of your way to hit up the bakery, but if it's close or you are in the venetian it may be worth it.  expensive, but worth it for the macaroons in my opinion.
4 ...you wake up after a meal at Joel Robuchon and the gym at Excalibur (really, it isn't that bad) is the only free one in the city...you run your normal 6 miles with the amazing sort of energy that only about 3,000 calories of luxurious French Food can provide.  Next you check out of the castle, stow your bags at the Venetian (home for the next 3 days) - time for some Bouchon bakery!  Having been to each of Keller's three wonderful bakeries in the past year (along with both Bouchons, The French Laundry,and Ad Hoc) I - the guy who doesn't regularly "repeat" in vacation cities - knew that a stop or two at the bakery and a visit to Bouchon itself would definitely be on the docket for this trip to Vegas.  Arriving around 7:15am and checking out the fresh selection I must admit I was a little disappointed that so few new choices existed from last year - everything from the macarons to the cupcakes to the clairs were the same.  Waiting in the short line and browsing the items I eventually settled on a couple of choices knowing I'd be back later to pick up macarons for my mother anyhow.  Starting first with the Cinnamon Brioche I have to say that this was the first time a Bouchon item ever let me down.  Served as a sort of "pull-apart" the cinnamon speckled bun was quite expensive at $4.50 and it honestly tasted like it may have been left over from the day before.  Appropriately buttery but relatively dry the bread tasted more of a dinner roll than a true brioche and the cinnamon was largely lost on my palate.  Furthering my opinion that I'd been hoodwinked on a day-old, the center piece was actually much better and more moist than the outer ring - evidence of "drying out" perhaps.  The second selection was the saving grace of the visit - a luscious strawberry croissant that was almost as much a coffee cake as a true croissant.  Featuring the wonderfully buttery French pastry that I sampled on last visit (with chocolate and almonds) the inside of the flaky pastry was this time filled with sliced fresh strawberries while the bottom of the croissant was covered with a cinnamon and butter crumble.  Crisp shell and soft interior - buttery, tart, fresh, excellent.  While I admit that this visit wasn't as wonderful as previous experiences with Bouchon Bakery, the service was still excellent and when I returned the day before leaving for home to purchase the macarons they actually did a wonderful job in packaging the cookies for the long flight home.  Selecting Strawberry, Lemon, and Orange my mom stated that the brown/green box was her favorite souvenir from this as well as many of my previous trips.  Can't really argue with that.
5 Macarons!  When we checked into the Venetian, I saw a sign for Bouchon and got excited. After going to the room, I said "I wonder if they have a Bouchon Bakery here." We got out of the elevator and it was right in front of me! I was so excited.   I had their coffee and raspberry macarons (multiple, actually), and they were both pretty good. I think the coffee one had been sitting there for too long because it was kind of a weird sticky consistency instead of the light fluffiness that a macaron is supposed to be. One of my friends had the vanilla macaron and that was good too.   I also had their ham and cheese on a baguette toasted and that was delicious as well.
5 Every single morning, I had to have it.  I woke up and craved it.  It's so sweet and delicious.  You, are my Pain au Chocolat and I loved you.  Chocolate croissant goodness, you are love, pure and simple.  I will never love again until I go back to Bouchon Bakery and have you.
2 I had high expectations for this little bakery stand because it has Bouchon attached to it and I've heard great things about the restaurant. However, I was a little disappointed with my visit here. I decided on the red velvet cupcake and a caramel macchiato. For $3.50, the cupcake was a good deal for it was the size of a muffin! Most cupcakes I've had are for the same price but pretty dinky in size. The frosting wasn't overly sweet and the red velvet was nice and moist. It was a tad bit doughy though, but nonetheless pretty good. The coffee however, is where things start going downhill. Maybe I came on a bad day or maybe it was a new worker, but I've had caramel macchiato before at various coffee places and never had I had one like this. For $5 I got their smallest size and when I picked up my cup, I was surprised at how light my cup was compared to the other girls that ordered other Lattes and such. I opened my cup and found it to be filled halfway with foam, barely any coffee so I asked the barista if it was the correct order. He just kept saying that that's how it's suppose to be. It didn't seem right, but in any case, I didn't make a scene about it. $5 for half a cup of bitter coffee and foam is not well worth it! They also have a few other things there like sandwiches and such, but all were a bit pricey. Expected I suppose since it is Vegas.
4 They have a good selection. I love that theire Macarons are bigger than usual and box of 6 for 17.50! The eclairs was also good, but not super amazing. I also got the chocolate tart and the pecan tart... The only thing awesome here is the macarons just grab at least one!
5 I went there to get a quick breakfast.  I loved their blueberry muffin.  The blueberries inside were truly fresh and the muffin was moist and tasted great.  I bought cheese danish, macarons as well.  They were great as well.  If I recommend - i'd recommend the blueberry muffin.
5 Absolutely fantabulous.  I only had two things at this french bakery.  They were so good, I kept on getting those two same things here:  1) Turkey and cheese baquette (toasted optional).  Comes on a walnut baquette with flavorful swiss cheese, turkey, and a sweet mustard-like spread.  I ate 4 of these, one for every day I was there.  2) Macarons.  So sad I discovered these late, as I was always focused on #1 above.  They have choices such as lemon, coffee, chocolate, and vanilla.  I got the vanilla.   **pause**   Melt. In. Your. Mouth. So. Delicously. Amazing. Macaron.    Where have you been all my life?   I've always thought the term "macaron" were reserved only for those coconut dropball cookies, but I learned from Eunice K. that this term also applied for this hamburger-shapped cookie sandwich filled with vanilla cream and coated with a light crunchy meringue-like coat.  If you are in for a quick breakfast or lunch, Bouchon has quality pastries, sandwiches, coffee and tea for that to-go meal you need.  Two big thumbs up from me.  **Just a note, it's a stand around the corner from Grand Luxe Cafe in the Venetian.  Nothing fancy.  Just a stand that serves delicious bakery items.  Eat your baked goods fresh, that's when they taste the best***
3 The pastries here are as yummy as ever, but the service is much to be desired. The blond woman who I assume is the manager pretty much berated one of the employees in front of me, making me a bit uncomfortable. I was about to say something, but decided "eh it's not me she's yelling at, so whatevs". I went on to order a baguette and she immediately went to the cash register without asking if I wanted anything else. I guess she assumed I couldn't afford the desserts here? Anywho, I asked for "2 macarohns". And she asked "Oh you want 2 macarOOns?". What a bitch to correct me using the WRONG word. A macarOOn is a coconut cookie dummy. I can't believe Buchon Bakery would actually employ white trash like her. But I guess in Vegas there isn't much to choose from. With her attitude and appearance she should be in the back sweeping up the kitchen floor.
5 I went to this bakery over and over when I was in Vegas. Thier baked goods are SO good. I've never had a croissant so crunchy on the outside and so fluffy in the inside. Thier chocolate croissant has just enough chocolate inside (2 little sticks) - not drenched in chocolate like the ones from starbucks. I also got thier raison croissant. It looks like a figure 8, like 2 cinnamon rolls stuck together. Not too sweet, and again, crunch on the outside, soft on the inside. Its one of thier more popular pastries, and I had to get it since it was the last one left. Macarons were to DIE for. They are bigger and thinner than your average size. I didn't think they looked very special but after I got one taste. I literally said "wow". The girl behind the registered laughed at me. All thier baked goods are around $4 dollars. More than your average price, but definately worth it!  Thier baguette sandwiches are also really good. They are a bit pricey.. but whats new in Vegas? :) ~$11 for a sandwich. 3 different kinds: the roast beef, ham/cheese, and turkey. I got the turkey. The bread have these huge walnuts. The spread has a garlic kick to it. And the cheese was very flavorful. The bread was very dense and crunchy. You can get a toasted, and the sandwich turns kind of into a panini. Ive had it both ways, and loved it :)  I would go back to vegas, just to get bouchons :)
5 I love Bouchon Bakery. The macaroons are delicious. For $18, I got 6 macaroons - vanilla, coffee, lemon, pumpkin, and raspberry. They were so good that, even though I dropped one, I picked it up and put it in my mouth. FIVE SECOND RULE OKAY!!   The chocolate croissants and bouchon were delicious. The coffee and tea were good. I came here every morning for breakfast and it's the best!
5 Absolutely adore Bouchon bakery!  I've had it too many times to count, but my favorite items to get are still the macarons!  Outside of Laduree in Paris, these are the best I've tasted!  I love the chocolate and raspberry flavors the best.  Be sure to get there early as they tend to run out of flavors quickly!  The chocolate "corks" are delicious as well, although the RV cupcake was a bit too sweet for me.  The sandwiches are also a good option for lunch or a snack.
5 Loved it - went back twice on a 5 day trip!  The cream cheese danish is superb - it has a hint of lemon in it along with a candied lemon peel.  The pain au chocolate is a delight and the raspberry macaron was fabulous!  It's totally worth the price and the smell of the Venetian to get these pastries!
5 Disclaimer: I am a huge macaron fan.  Now that that is out of the air, I LOVE their macarons! These are probably the best macarons I've tasted so far. The only other places I've had them are Vanilla Bakeshop in Santa Monica and Europane in Pasadena. I'm going off on a quest to search for macarons better than these in LA. Bring it!  I bought the set of flavors here, and it was totally worth it to try all the flavors! Now I know which ones are my favorite...and they have to be Raspberry, Vanilla Bean, and Coffee. I think these flavors are more fragrant and they coffee has a deep earthy coffee taste to it, just how a coffee flavor should be. The lemon and orange were a little too sweet for me, and I just somehow don't like the citrus flavored macarons as much. And I never had a thing for chocolate flavored anything, so take my opinions with my preferences in mind.  The shells are very delicate, as they crack quite easily, but the crunch had just enough soft chew too, and on top of the cream or ganache inside, it was heavenly!   I also tried the carrot cake cookie and it was okay. I think the carrot cake could have been more moist. The cream cheese filling was good though. =) There was also a really cute sweets stand next to this stand. Oh, and Bouchon Bakery is not a store. It's literally like a little stand! Downstairs by the casinos and the Phantom of the Opera Theater is where you'll find it. =) And make sure you get there before they close if you want to buy anything. My mom was saying we should go there right before our POTO show started for some dessert after dinner, but I thought that was a huge mistake and made us go in the afternoon before we went outlet shopping and dinner. THANK GOD. It was closed when we came back to watch our show.  [Phantom of the Opera was amazing too! But that's beside the point... :)]  If you're a macaron fan, definitely try theirs. Overpriced, but you'll forget about that once you try it. =D
5 The eggnog latte, croissant, and chocolate macaroon were to die for. It was also located right across from the Phantom of the Opera Theater wich was really neat. Can't say a single bad thing about this place.  Great for a little pick-me-up snack or breakfast.
3 Talk about hidden gem. This place is literally located in an area that doesn't get a lot of traffic unless you're actually staying at the hotel. Its hidden behind one of the main escalators across from the Phantom of the Opera theatre.  Selection: A-OK. Nothing like the Yountville outpost. I was at the Venetian just a few weeks ago and I actually didn't buy anything from here. Nothing looked tempting. I wanted to get the trio pack of Chocolate Chip Cookies for $5.75 but it wasn't available the next day. I assumed the cookies were left overs from the day before which is why it was priced so cheap.  I say build a bigger outpost. With the new CityCenter now opened, you would think Keller would like to cash in on the action. Jean Philippe Maury built a new outpost and its bigger and better.
4 $3.50 for a macaron. expensive? yes. but it was good! and they're big!  I tried their Raspberry macaron, it was delicious. The cookie/ meringue part was light, crunchy on the edge but soft and chew on the inside. The cream was not heavy - it had a good amount of raspberry flavor  - usually berries flavor kinda scares me, if it's not made well, it will taste like cough syrup..but this macaron was perfect!   I wish I had bought a set of macarons.
4 yeeeeeeeeessssssssssss! I had never had a macaron and yelp led me to bouchon bakery inside the venetian hotel... and I am so glad I did.  The macarons were DELISH... especially the lemon. As fellow yelpers had mentioned, the macarons sell out quickly, so the earlier you get there the better. There were a few flavors left to try- the chocolate was good, but the lemon was HEAVEN.  I will, however, comment that I wasn't thrilled with the service. I asked the lady helping me what some of the most popular flavors were... and instead of answering- she replied "I don't like them at all. The texture is gross"- GEE, thanks.  I am returning to vegas this weekend... I plan to try more baked goods at bouchon bakery... and hit up Bouchon restaurant as well... yum.
5 After two weeks of slacking off because school has just started..and especially after a weekend of partying in Vegas, I was sitting in bed suffering the consequences, listening to my monotoned, not so funny but tries to be professor lecturing through podcast.  The only thing that saved me from pulling my hair out was the delight of munching on my pastries I brought home from Bouchon Bakery!!!  I had the Financier and Pain Au Raisin for a total of $5.25.  Trust me, this is a very fair price to pay for heaven in your mouth!  First, I devoured the Financier, which is like a Madeleine but better!  It's encrusted with sugared, sliced almonds, which gives it the perfect crunch while the cake itself was perfect in every way: both in texture and taste!  I wikipedia-ed financiers and supposedly, "financier" is "derived from the traditional rectangular mold, resembling a bar of gold".  And boy, this truly is a bar of gold.  At this point, I was going to give Bouchon Bakery 4 stars.  Then........then I finished my Pain Au Raisin for breakfast.  Can my taste buds be any more spoiled?!?  I thought being a day old would depress the quality of this croissant-like pastry but noooo.  The raisins aren't pruny; you can actually taste the meat of the raisin..and the sugar crystals instantly dissolve in your mouth!    I admit, I was skeptical at first..but now, I'm a believer!  I can't believe I didn't try Bouchon Bakery the last time I stayed at the Venetian, considering it's the first thing you see once you leave the Venetian Guest Towers!  I'm definitely coming back to try everything else they have to offer!
5 I got a piece of the foccacia of the day, which seemed to have goat cheese, pesto, and tomato on it.  They heated it for me and it was quite delicious.  The chocolate macaroon I got, though, was the kind of cookie I'm going to tell my grand children about.  It was *that* good.  It goes without saying that this is the best cookie I've ever had.  The inside texture was really soft and slightly fluffy, while the outside had an ever-so-slight frosting "crunch" to it.  It was sweet, but without being too rich, and the chocolate was flavorful, but without being too bitter.  I'm going to spend the rest of my life wondering if this is the best cookie I will ever have.
4 It's macaron, not macaroon, people.  So it's 11am, and Vegas is in the midst of the late morning checkout and breakfast rush. Bouchon Bistro upstairs is packed, the hotel cafe looks like crap and you just need something to get you going. Head to Bouchon Bakery.  Savoury snacks, oversized treats (T.K.Os? Yes please!) and all manner of delectable desserts. They're open early so you can hook up some delicious baked goods for the flight home or your day out and about, and the line moves quickly if there is one. One of the most overlooked gems in the Vegas hotels.
4 after eating an abundant of fish.. i needed something sweet. i wanted dessert. Since i w as staying at The Palazzo.. buchon bakery wasn't too far away... walked over and got two macarons. last visit i had the raspberry flavor macaron. This time i got the orange flavor and the coffee flavor.  u know what? i like the orange flavor macaron more than the raspberry. The orange one had this tangy but sweet flavor. I really like the combination. The coffee was just burst with strong coffee flavor exploding in my mouth - delicious! Gosh i wish i had bought the whole box.   Since i didnt take a picture last time.. this time i did not forget because i wanted to show how big these macarons are for $3.50 each.
4 When I think of Bouchon, I think of expensive french food.  When Cherie T. brought me here, I thought of and saw decent priced desserts!  We came here after gorging ourselves with fish.  Yes, fish not prime rib from the buffet but fish.  Now imagine a fishy taste lingering in your mouth.  I don't care if you nearly climax when eating sashimi, if you eat that much fish, there will definitely be a specific taste lingering there.  We both had to get rid of this and the soda we had in the car didn't do it.    Bellagio was too far and Serendipity 3 had an hour long wait so we just decided to be lazy and eat here. BOY am I glad.  The sweetness of the macaroons complimented the fish aftertaste perfectly.  The bottle of Moscato d'Asti we with the desserts had helped of course.  Read Cherie T's review about the Macaroon.  My personal favorite of the two we got was the coffee.  The orange was still good though.  I ended up getting a pecan pie.  ($6) It was good texture on the crust nice and firm and crunchy.  The filling wasn't too sweet and the saltiness of the pecans made it just right.    Next time I'm at the palazzo, I will be going here and purchasing a tube of all the macaroons because I have a feeling they're all good.
5 If you are a fan of pastries, then you have to visit Bouchon.  Though it doesn't look like much when you walk past it, this place has some amazing baked goods.  I highly recommend the financiers (think madeleine, only better) and the chocolate croissants.  The croissant was buttery and flaky, yet not heavy at all.  They also weren't skimpy on the chocolate so that's a major plus.   And don't hesitate to get a cup of espresso or latte here either.  It is definitely worth it and much better than that bitter Starbuck's junk.
4 YUM!  :) I had their Chocolate Croissant and Chai Tea. Perfect breakfast that was enjoyed watching the gondolas pass on the Venetian canal.  I didn't have the macaroons or other dessert items because I previously tried them at their NYC location. But next time I am in Vegas, I will come back to taste more yummy treats :)
1 Experienced this with my bro and his GF. We got quite a few things to sample, and nothing  was as good as what you can get at the authentic french bakery in Spring Valley called BonJour Bakery. Lots of customers are chatting in French and the baked goods are phenomenal. Can't say the same of Bouchon's. Sorry - I had higher expectations of Bouch. Luckily, BonJour fulfills those expectations.
2 I'd rather go to Dunkin Donuts.   This place is horrible and way overpriced.
4 one bad thing about staying at the venetian / palazzo = easy access to bouchon bakery = me getting fat.   i couldn't resist... this time 1 whole box; w/ one of each flavor. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw?select=qbvvcN-o0qOwnlX6MerPxQ  this time, i'm listing out my most to least favorite flavors in order:  coffee chocolate raspberry orange (okay it's tie w/ raspberry.. i guess it depends if i'm feeling sweet or tangy) lemon vanilla
3 Large macaroons the size of your hand! They got the texture and consistency right but the flavors did not stand out. I couldn't taste the raspberry in my raspberry macaroon. =(
5 So I must give a big UPS to my fellow Yelpers. Without you I would be parisienne macaroon-less and my oh my I adore my french macaroons. I used to work in a restaurant that made these delicate cookies as petit fours. I've been addicted ever since.   Bouchon Bakery is in the Venetian right underneath the escalator (if coming from self parking) next to the Apothecary. They close early sometimes depending on how busy they are. The 1st time I tried to go here they were shutting down at 10pm to my dismay.  The macaroons here are HUGE and the price tag is $3.59 a piece. I got the seven pack for (I'm embarrassed to say) $17.29 and a cappuchino to boot. My mama opted for their chai tea and the apple fritter croissant with almond creme. That croissant was delish and even though I'm not a huge croissant fan (after you've made them once its hard to eat that much butter knowingly) I snuck a bite or two of this.   I haven't made it all the way through my box yet but so far the chocolate has been the best. The texture of the macaroons is right on point! But the macaroons will only last (at the most) a week after you buy them if you keep them in the refrigerator the entire time (warns the staff). I really wish they labeled the flavors in the box :(.
5 My friend stayed a the venetian this weekend and on flying back home, brought some bouchon bakery back! Best friend ever! haha  Although unbeatable fresh, it's still good after an hour flight back to the bay area.   Almond and Choclate Croissants.... macaroons... blueberry muffins... SO GOOD!  I need to head up to napa again soon!
4 3.75 stars.    Croissant: crisp and buttery, but not the best I've had.  It might have been better if I'd had it earlier in the day.  Pain au chocolat: Again good, but not the best.  The chocolate had never fully melted and the croissant was on the dry side.  Pain epi with butter and cherry preserves: A great deal at $1.75.  Pretty crusty, but in a way that I like.  I'm not sure what kind of butter it was, but it was very good, as were the cherry preserves.  This was my favorite item.  Lemon Macaron: I have only had macarons a couple of times, and I'm not sure I'm a fan, so I don't think I'm the best judge of this.  The texture was light and crisp on the outside, then chewy, then gooey in the middle.  I think it's the goo I don't like.    I've had some very good pastries, so I judge pretty harshly.  If you are visiting from an area that doesn't have as many options, I would highly recommend checking this out.    These are made right, and this is probably among the top 5 bakeries I have been to.  It was lovely to have this available right near the guest elevators.
4 Loved the Pain au Chocolat and the Croissant. It was crispy and flaky. Just like in Paris.  I tried a piece of the Banana Nut Muffin and the Pecan Sticky Bun and they were not as good. A little too dense for my taste.   Their coffee was expensive, $3 for a small, but it helped with the hangover.
5 I invented a new name for the macaroons here.  Crack cocaine.
4 Carrot cake cookie sandwich. Like a carrot cake whoopie pie. Like something amazing you eat when you want to taste something tasty. I love carrot cake and I love dessert you can eat with your hands. This fulfills that criteria and therefore equates with a pleasant eating experience.   Look for the bakery under the escalators, near the guest elevators, on the casino level of the Venetian. They had soooo many other things I wanted to try, but I stated my reasoning for ordering what I did and it was satisfying indeed.
3 This surely ain't Paris!!  I only had Pain Chocolate here, so I can only rate them based on this. Technically, I would go with two stars, but felt that was unfair because of one item. I went up to 3 stars.  The chocolate part was good, but the rest was a bit dry and lacking in the flavor I'm accustomed to.  The Macarons looked tasty; I might have to give one a try this weekend when I go.   I'll take one for the team and report back!
5 Freakin love this place.  I am amazed at how good pretty much every thing I have had here is, from the crazy sweets to even the sandwiches.   Might as well list some of the stuff I've had:  -Pain au chocolate- REALLY flakey and buttery, chocolate filling is great -Macarons- chocolate was awesome, lemon wasn't that special  -Carrot cake cookie- incredible, possibly better than any carrot cake I've ever had and it's a cookie! -Baguette with ham & cheese- so good! even got one for the plane ride home -Bouchon- chocolatey goodness- like a mini chocolate cake -Beignets- awesome! plain or raspberry, can't go wrong -Orange juice- above average -Coffee- really good and I really don't care for American coffee -Epi bread- crusty bread with really good butter and preserves on the side  I've had other things here that escape me right now. So yea, I'm pretty nuts about this place. Do not miss it if you are in the Venetian.
5 ummm... YUM!!!  I love Ad Hoc, so I dragged my Mom to Bouchon Bakery for treats one night while we were walking the Strip.  So good!  We went back another morning for breakfast.  Delicious baked goods (Do yourself a favor and try the PB&J Brioche).  Tasty sandwiches.  Super fresh orange juice.  Fantastic coffee.  Thanks, Thomas Keller!
5 Blink and you might walk right by another one of Thomas Keller's masterpieces. I am a big fan of this chef and this small bakery does not disappoint. After a tough decision I went with a strawberry croissant and their carrot cake cookie. Both were delicious but the croissant was my favorite. The staff was also very friendly.  I love this place!
3 On a mission to try the macarons, we stopped by in the morning.  These were the choices: Raspberry, Lemon, Vanilla, Espresso, and Chocolate Mint (which just sounds wrong, and not really French).  I was hoping they had a Salt Caramel one like at Laduree in Paris, but sadly, they did not.  Had the Vanilla and Espresso; both were good but the Vanilla really owned!  Also had a cup of coffee, which was quite bold and flavorful.  For the two macarons and a small coffee, it was like 13 bucks==excessive!  It was tasty though...
5 Simply the best baked goods. It is a must stop when I am in Vegas. I will bring back some pastries for the family.  the rasberry beignets-the ultimate form of the jelly donut. the macarons-perfect texture. the chocolate bouchons- moist and chocolatey. the ham and cheese baguettes- perfect balance of ham, cheese.
5 The mint chocolate macaroons are to die for. Decent size and filled with tasty dark chocolate.  Reminded me so much of a favorite mint chocolate dessert that my late grandma used to make.  Oh the memories!  Everything in the case looks great and will definitely make you drool!  I will definitely be back on my next trip.
5 Two words: chocolate croissant.   Or, pain au chocolat.  Whatever you want to call it.  Just order it.  /end of review
5 Whoever helped us....THANK YOU SO MUCH! you provided excellent service that was way beyond our expectation.    i was a bit sad that they don't sell the quiche of the day like the one in yountville..because their quiche is sooo yummy. We order 4 of the macaroon sets and a bag of brownies. The macaroon are super light and is very creamy and not dry. I love how they alternate their flavors all the time. I ate all 6 big macaroons in 2 days. hahah!
5 They couldn't have placed the bakery in a more perfect location of the hotel.  I'm the kind of girl that needs to eat as soon as my brain gets the signal and I just can't wait for all the drunkards to crawl out of bed or the other girls to put on their face in the morning, so I always run downstairs to pick up a pastry to tie me over for another hour or two.  The bakery not only stops my hunger, but also has some of the best pastries.  My favorite is the croissant - so flaky and crispy.  ooohh...and the buttery taste of the croissant is the best I have had.  This bakery is also the place that introduced me to macarons.  I am now obsessed with macarons, but afraid to try other places for they may disappoint me.
4 Great place to grab some coffee and a beignets before heading to the pool, be warned the chocolate beignets sell out early.
4 A great place to grab and go.  I like the location too- I don't have to make my way through the smoky casino to just get here, I like that it's right off the escalator from the parking structure.  Fiance had the plain croissant 2 days in a row and was hooked.  I had the beignets which had a nice not too sweet jam filling, and also the chocolate croissant which was okay, not the best that I've ever had.  I also enjoyed the macarons- the lemon and pistachio were lovely in texture and flavor.  I thought the vanilla was a little bit too sweet, but overall still good.
4 Love their croissants. Regular and chocolate are delish!! They got some good eclairs also! Chocolate and custard! Unfortunately, the macarons are nothing to rave about.
4 If you need a reason to wake up in Vegas, it's this place!   I went with the Buchon reuben sandwich and a chocolate croissant. The sandwich is kept in the refrigerated case so I had them toast it for me, but the inside was still a little cold :( It tasted great though. The dressing was very good and the pickled lettuce was a nice touch.  The croissant was just OK. A flaky croissant with a chocolate filling. I think this would've went well with a cup of tea or coffee.  Pro-tip: Don't forget to pick up some macaroons!
4 This is a little extension of Bouchon, the restaurant.  Since it's located in the foyer of the Venetian, tt's more accessible than the main restaurant.   It has a lot of freshly baked French breakfast items such as croissants, brioches, sandwiches, salads, muffins, cookies, tarts, quiches, and breads galore!! My wife LOVED their almond brioche and I loved their ham and cheese sandwich - which doesn't sound like much, but they use a freshly baked baguette, and the ham has been slow-cooked so it's very delicate and moist.  They spread a little bit of sweet butter and Dijon mustard and BAM, best ham and cheese sandwich EVER.    Add a tall cup of freshly squeezed orange juice and you're ready to start another day in Vegas!  They even have pet treats you can get for your dogs!  Awesome!  Pros: fast, easy breakfast/brunch, AWESOME French food  Cons: its JUST a bakery, so if you want the real deal, you've gotta get upstairs and go to the actual Bouchon restaurant =)
4 Hello Macaroons. I came here specifically for their desserts because my visit at the one in Yountville was soo good. I wanted to get a sandwich too, but they ran out of them, so I got some Focaccia bread, which was somewhat oily but really tasty. I decided to get two macaroons - chocolate and mint chocolate. Tasty.  There's no seating nearby so I wandered near the casino and found seating at a food court. This place was somewhat hidden. I had to ask someone who worked at the hotel to tell me where it is.
4 Located across the Phantom of the Opera theater in the Venetian.  They serve all types of breads, vienoiserie, pastries, muffins, tarts, french-style sandwiches and not to mention, the best coffee in town (no cream, no sugar).  Its a bit pricey, but the quality of food your getting is second to none.  There is no seating available so make sure your ready to "eat on the run".  Its a must for a quick morning snack.  Being a bit pricey and not having any seats is the reason for my 4 star rating.
4 Favorite macaroons = lemon and chocolate.  I got the variety gift pack thingy and really did not like the other flavors (raspberry, vanilla, coffee, and I think it was pistachio?)  I really didn't like those flavors because they were either bland or way too artificial (raspberry).  Lemon and chocolate stood out because lemon was the perfect mix of tangy and sweet, and chocolate had the best ganache, wasn't too sweet (I'm a dark chocolate fan), and had a nice, velvety texture on the inside.    Chocolate chip cookie was just okay.  I prefer mine chewy, and this one was very crispy and dense.  BUT, the tomato/feta/pesto foccaccia was TO DIE FOR!  A thick, moist, and fluffy slice of foccaccia with a layer of pesto, tasty roma tomatoes, and feta cheese on top.  Such a yummy snack prior to eating at the Wynn buffet.  The BF and I didn't eat lunch so that we could eat more at the buffet, but we needed a little snack to quiet the growls!
4 Visited Bouchon bakery because I happen to be around the Venetian area.  I was happy that I did.  I had the chocolate macaron.  It was my first time trying macaron and it was quite delightful.  I also tried the bouchon chocolate double chocolate cake.  Came in bite size and very chocolaty.  I was a bit disappointed that we showed up around 6 pm and the bakery had very limited selection.  My tip is to show up around the afternoon time to have a larger selection of baked goods to choose from.   I will have to go back just to try some of the other baked goods on the menu.  All in all a positive experience and looking forward to my future visit.  Bon Apettit!
5 macaroons  buy some.
5 Quite possibly my most favoritest place in Vegas.  I found it on my last trip in March of 2009 and tasted the best cheese danish I have ever had in my life.  Flaky pastry...delicious (not too sweet sweet) cheese...in perfect ratio.  This weekend, I revisited only to be completely impressed with the chocolate tart.  Super chocolately without being overwhelming and the tart was the perfect texture, not too thick or chewy with just the right amount of crispness.  It was so good, I brought one back home for my hubby and he loved it.  I will say though, that I did try the huge red velvet cupcake once and that was not perfect.  It was a little dry on the inside.  While I wouldn't call the prices affordable, they are low by Vegas standards and in line with prices for such things in San Francisco.  I won't be going back to Vegas anytime soon, but in the meantime, I'll just dream about this place until Thomas Keller one day realizes that the residents of SF would probably swarm this place.
4 The downer part about Bouchon Bakery is that they aren't consistent with what goodies they have, but I don't care because there's always something good to eat here!  I really love the cranberry scone which I often get at the bakery located in Yountville. They didn't have any the last time  we came here...bummer.  I did get to try their massive macarons! (and expensive) They were really yummy! I want one now...  I also ordered a TKO (can't go wrong with that) and different scone since they didn't have the one I wanted.  If anything, come for the macaroons. I think they always have those in stock.
3 They ran out of coffee at 9:00 am with a line of 5 deep waiting for some.  That was bad.  The fruit tart was pretty good.
3 After trying the Yountville location, stopping by was a no brainer.  Especially since I was at a conference inside the Venetian.  Didn't have time to consume the pastries on site but purchased them before hopping on my flight home.  Disappointed they didn't have the variety of breads similar to the Yountville location.  Macaroons were inconsistent, some dry and they didn't seem to have the same texture as the ones I had before.  However, I did finally get the TKO cookie and that was good.  I can only imagine how much better the one in Yountville must've tasted.  Maybe the pastries/cookies are flown in from Yountville.    I'll save my stomach for their Yountville location.
4 The bakery is a must try if you are in the Venetian hotel. Everything is really good, except for the bran muffin. My favorite is the chocolate almond croissant, which is just amazing, with their coffee. The prices aren't bad for vegas.
5 after all the craze ive heard about bouchon macarons, i finally got to try them on a recent stay at the venetian. my first time eating a macaron, and i got to try the BEST ones ever. let's just say, i was getting a macaron twice a day during my 3 day stay! plus picked up teh 6 pack assortment on the way to the airport. the vanilla is my favorite of the ones i tried (chocolate, lemon, orange, raspberry, espresso, and vanilla). was bummed they didn't have pistachio, but even though i did end up trying one from the napa store, i would still have to say vanilla is my favorite. i also was a huge fan of the lemons! definitley a must try if youre in the area!
5 Go.  Go early.  Go often.  Try lots.  Start with the carrot cake sandwich.  Or a macaroon.  Or get a big box of assorted baked perfection.  So good.  So effing good.
4 Macarons are fan-freaking-tastic!    Wish I'd gotten the pain au chocolat fresh, but it was delish nonetheless.  I don't know if it was because I ate it the next day, but the PB&J brioche was a tad dry.
4 I only had their macaroons. I tried their pistachio, mint chocolate chip, and vanilla. All three were perfect! Each bite was airy crisp on the outside, sweetly flavored, and with slightly gooey thin layers inside. I brought back the chocolate and raspberry macaroons as gifts. I wished I had the space to fit in a chocolate, fruit, and lime tart, but I can only eat so much in one day.
4 why are the macaroons so freaking bomb digg? i have tried the coffe and chocolate macaroon and they are absolutely to die for! everything from the texture, to the taste, to the fluffyness is soOoooo good!   it's $3.5 for one od these delectable palm size macaroons. if you are in vegas and on the strip, i highly recommend saving some room for dessert at bouchon.
4 if you stay at the venetian def hit this bakery stand up!  bomb Parisian pistachio macaroons. sooooooo goooood. soft, chewy, creamy, perfect.  their red velvet cupcake was dry to me. but the oatmeal and chocolate chip cookies were also delish!
5 Best breakfast ever! We shared the pastry basket (your choice of any 4 on the menu) with a butter croissant, chocolate croissant, pecan sticky bun, & almond brioche- all were amazing. Also had the sourdough waffles, which truly were the best waffles I've ever had, along with the lyonaise potatoes. My latte was perfect, our server was excellent, and again, the food- oh my!
1 Unlike the reviews posted hearer about this place. I was not impressed. Everything is extremely expensive here and of average or below quality. We had a chocolate eclair for 5 or so dollars that was dried out, and I am sort of okay with paying 11 dollars for a ham and cheese baguette if it is really good, but the cheese had dried out and the bread was stale.   Not very impressed at all.
4 I finally stopped in late last week and bought two macarons - one lemon and one vanilla.  They are excellent.  One of them didn't last much longer than arriving at my car.  The other was gone when I had coffee at Starbuck's an hour later.  These could be addictive.  I will have to watch my stops at the Venetian.
4 I was happy to give Bouchon Bakery another try, as my first encounter at their Yountville location left me unsatisfied(only got to have one item as I forgot all the rest in my hotel fridge!). I am happy to report that every item my group and I ordered was delicious! Having a difficult time deciding what to get, the bride of our bachelorette party ordered one of everything in the breakfast section!! Chocolate croissant, blueberry muffin, orange scone, carrot muffin - the list goes on and on. The most memorable items included the chocolate croissant and blueberry muffin; so flavorful and moist. Yes, it took two boxes to fit it all and less than 30 minutes to devour them =) Thank you to the staff who were patient and friendly.   Can't wait for the next visit to a Bouchon Bakery!
4 Yummy sweet treats. Gotta love it. Not sure that I would come here if i was staying at another hotel but if you are staying at the Venetian or Palazzo its a hit.
5 i heart this place. their bouchons are amazing.   their hot chocolate tastes more like hot chocolate milk.  their pb & j brioche is quite good also.
5 While I was still on my Thomas Keller kick, I dragged my husband to the bakery to buy treats to bring back home.  Among my $100+ haul were packages of their delicate and flavorful macaroons (the pistachio and strawberry are my favorites), TKO's (Chef Keller's versions of the Oreo cookie with dark chocolate wafers and rich creamy center), blueberry lime tarts, fruit tarts, rich bouchons (brownies), and I was even able to bring back some treats for my dog!  Definitely my favorite bakery when in Vegas.
5 Here are the cons: Bouchon Bakery is expensive and provides zero seating.  The pros are just about everything else.  In terms of setting, the place is a cute little stand overflowing with all manner of sweet treats palatably displayed.  An energetic staff deals with a fair crowd in a friendly, efficient manner.  You can order hot drinks as well as pastries.  I tried a spiced hot chocolate, which was a bit thin and not quite irresistible, but tasty nonetheless.  The pastries were phenomenal.  I picked up a croissant, a cheese danish, and a TKO.  The croissant was flaky, endlessly layered, and rich with buttery flavor.  It was one of the best croissants I've ever tasted.  The cheese danish was easily the best cheese danish I've ever tasted, a luscious golden pastry perfect in every way, completed by a delectable cheese filling heightened with lemon.  The TKO was true to its humble Oreo roots yet elevated chocolate and white stuff to heavenly splendor with its moist cakey outsides and fluffy cream.  I also bought a couple boxes of macarons, one as a gift and one to eat as soon as possible.  The box came with six flavors - raspberry, lemon, vanilla, espresso, chocolate, and pistachio.  I was a little bit disappointed not to have a salted caramel, but it's hard to be sad in the face of good macarons.  Bouchon's were not the best I've had, but they were very good, with great yielding shells and light insides that delivered sugar without getting saccharine.  From what I understand, there are plans for a Bouchon Bakery in Los Angeles.  I almost hope I don't live near it, as I don't think I'll keep off weight with those pastries within a five mile radius.
5 Best coffee in the city.  For a fresh take, have them add a shot of coconut syrup to your joe.  The French macaroons, the strawberry croissants, and the current scones are to die for.  Cookies are good fare but not "the bomb."  Also, the vegetable bread lacked some taste.  Stick with the ciabatta with goat cheese on top.  Ham and cheese sandwiches are pricy but yummy.  Staff always is professional anc courteous.
4 french macaroons!  i only had the macaroons here but they were pretty tasty. possibly the biggest ones i had, for about $3.30 a piece it was a light, flaky macaroon with a light cream filling. the lemon was a bit tart but also a bit sweet making it the perfect balance. the raspberry was a little too sweet but it was still not bad if you have milk or water to wash it down. definitely coming back to try other flavors!
2 Sad. I wanted to like this place. This review is for the macarons, I had two, mint choc chip and passion fruit. First of all, I think they are too large. In my opinion, macarons should be a bit smaller unless you're absolutely sure you can get them right. The ratio of cookie to filling was too high, which made them a bit dry. The mint choc chip was decently flavored, but it reminded me a bit of toothpaste. The cookie was a bit too mushy. The passion fruit was a disaster. The filling tasted like buttery egg, and it was only very very slightly passionfruity.   All in all, these are low on the list of macarons for me, and they were also the most expensive by volume. Save your money and try something else, if you fancy yourself a true macaron lover.
4 No visit to Vegas is complete without a stop by Bouchon Bakery. It's the place where dreams can be purchased for $3.95. Or more.  The croissant, while rather good, did not live up to my former, wild expectations. However, there was great epi breads waving at us from the counter and giant macarons beckoning from the display case. I had a bite of pistachio macaron, which was pretty awesome and not overtly sweet.
5 Whenever I'm in Vegas, I make it a point to have breakfast every day at Bouchon bakery.  It's far superior to the Wynn cafe and unsurprisingly, cheaper too!  Don't bother with the drip coffee or espresso drinks here; it's like drinking water.  I'm also not a fan of their madeleines--they were flavorless and foamy.  But everything else I've had?  Phenomenal!    Try the croissants (especially the STRAWBERRY ones), Parisian macarons (coffee, vanilla, and pistachio are my favs), their muffins, the red velvet cupcake, their focaccia, and the PB&J brioche.  The eponymous bouchons are just okay, but are definitely satisfying if all you want is to fulfill a chocolate-y craving.
4 I returned to Bouchon Bakery last week after a disappointing walk by the week before when I saw they had sold out of their wonderful Cheese Danish.  OK, so I'll return, and that's just what I did.  I got one Cheese Danish and a six pack of macarons.  Wow, they are all so good!  I would give the bakery 5 stars but for the fact that there's absolutely no place to sit and enjoy coffee and a Danish at the bakery.  You have to tote the goodies from the shop to the food court which is alongside the casino as you go from the Bakery to the main corridor for hotel check in.  I know space is a bit tight there by the Phantom Theatre, but perhaps there's room for a few tables.  Even Starbucks can do tables in very small places.
2 We had Bouchon Bakery for the first time in Napa a couple of years back.  It won our heart that day with their baked goodies.  However, yesterday we went to the Bouchon Restaurant with some out of town friends, hoping to continue with the great 1st impression, but sadly we were deeply disappointed.  Their waffle and chicken dish was mediocre.  Their coffee paled in comparision to most coffees out there.  I am so embarrassed that I brought my friends there. :(  On the upside, their ambiance was perfect! :)
5 Macaroons!  Cheese danish!  Hot cross buns!  More macroons!  Sure the prices were a little steep, and last last time I went, the cute boy behind the counter gave me a free macaroon instead of having to pay $3.95 for it.  Just a tip, savour every eooey gooey meltingly satisfying bite.  It must be one of my favorite places in the world.
5 I've been to the location in New York City so it was cool to see the same tasty treats in Vegas.    Thankfully, everything is exactly the same, as far as the pastries.  The bouchons, TKOs and Bittersweet Chocolate Tarts were all great, rich and decadent.  The selection was pretty much the same and the customer service was friendly.  While I do enjoy the NYC location a bit more since the Vegas location is a bit more hectic (it is in a casino after all!), it's still awesome!
5 I dragged my ass over to the Venetian to get my coveted TK macarons, and it was SO worth it. I also got a cookie and coffee and a strawberry croissant, and YES, I did eat all of it. I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of macarons, having had what I previously considered THE BEST, Laduree, in Geneva and Paris. But these were bigger. Perfectly smooth, filled with the most wonderful buttercreams. I only wish there were more flavors to choose from! I also brought a box back for my petsitter, and she was quite pleased.  I don't know if I'll return to Vegas in the near future, but if I do I think I will spend most of my time at Bouchon Bakery :)
5 Fantastic chocolate croissant. Full of flaky goodness with the perfect amount of dark chocolate inside.   I am obsessed with the bouchon. Namesake for a reason. For $2 it looks quite dinky, but it is a small price to pay for the amazingness that it brings. Seriously... it's like the perfect little chocolate cake!   Tried some of my cousin's bread pudding. As good as any bread pudding I've ever had, even though I'm not a huge fan of bp to begin with.  The strawberry croissant, though innovative, was a little too sweet for my taste. Don't be deceived by its flatness. Even though it is a little unsightly, I think you'll be satisfied.  Had a few bites of the pistachio macaron. Not bad, but I'd stick with the morning pastries for guaranteed satisfaction.   Wish I had enough time/room/money for the TKO (Thomas Keller Oreo), almond brioche, beignets, etc etc.
4 Wow.  My gf is a sucker for bakeries so I decided to go here with the group.  It was pretty damn hard to find (maybe I'm just retarded).  We walked all around the Venetian to find it.  But man, it was so worth the search.  We were strapped on time so I quickly ordered what was recommended on Yelp... the macaroons.  Holy hell, I am not a huge pastry/sweets fan but this was amazing.  My two favorites were the spiced pumpkin as well as the vanilla.  But were bomb.  Pistachio was good as well.  The strawberry was disappointing -- but it may have just been lost in the glory of the pumpkin!  I'll definitely be returning.  Six macaroons for $17 is pretty hefty, but so worth it.  Give it a try.
3 We got a Pain au Raisin and Banana Nut Muffin with 2 coffees.  They were good, but given the expensive price tags, it's only 3stars worthy.  Honestly I've had better pastries.  BTW, you can't charge it to the room because they are not associated with the hotel!  Lame!
4 I agree with fellow yelpers that this bakery is definitely awesome! It's really hard to find (behind the escalators on your way to the rooms at the Venitian), but definitely worth it. I ordered a variety of baked goods for breakfast including a chocolate croissant, rasberry & chocolate beignets and an assortment of macarons. The chocolate croissant was yummy but nothing compared to the chocolate beignets. They had this pretty chocolate topping and some sort of ganache on the inside - so delicious. The raspberry beignets were also very yummy - definitely not skimping on the raspberry jelly. The macarons were yummy but I should have just ordered the chocolate ones, because there were quite a few in the mixed assortment that I didn't care much for. Overall a very good bakery - I wish I could have came here a few more times while in Vegas to try some of the other baked goods.
5 Yesterday, I was in Vegas. This morning, I was in the office.   Treats from Bouchon (a chocolate almond croissant and bouchon) helped ease the Vegas withdrawl. Please send me back!
3 Not so sure why everyone raves about this place. The chocolate croissants are average and the chai latte was cold. Sorry, but I much rather get my tea and croissant from Starbucks. For half the price I can get a nice hot drink and average croissant.
3 Had to go for my standbys - red velvet cupcake and pistachio macaron.  Unfortunately, although flavorful, both were a little drier this time than at other locations (and at other places).
5 I went on a search mission to find french macarons in Vegas. After some research online, i came down to 4 places that have them (or should have them according to online reviews)- Jean Phillipe, Payard Patisserie, Bouchon Bakery. To my surprise, only Bouchon had the best deal, biggest macarons, and the cheapest price (when comparing sizes).. Jean Philippe sould be ashamed of themselves for even advertising the fact that the sell macarons. All they had was a puny 6 tiny macarons (size of a quarter) for $10.. Same thing with Payard. As much as they advertise they sell them- shame on them too. They didn't have any macarons except for puny little pre-packaged ones that were way overpriced..  All i can say, when it comes to getting real French Macarons in Vegas- the place to go to is Boucheron. Thank you Boucheron! I give you the highest credit for advertising what you really have in store (unlike others).
4 I was a little disappointed when I came here to find out they were out of my two favorite pastries.  No more almond croissant and no more Cinnamon rolls.  I opted for the chocolate croissant and the apple turnover croissant.  Both were still really good.
4 Love this place! The croissants are just above average, but the cheese danish with vanilla bean and orange zest was fantastic. The hot chocolate is also good, you can taste the quality of the chocolate. A chocolate cupcake, on the other hand, was nothing special.  Fast and efficient service made it a great place for a quick bite of breakfast. I want one near my house!
4 Knowing that the pastries come straight down to this little kiosk from the Bouchon restaurant upstairs made this an easy stop a few times during our stay at the Venetian.  I'd much rather stop here for a quality snack than pay just as much for something generic at another spot.  With all the food they throw at you inside these huge hotels, it is really nice to find the places that are quick, but with quality.
4 Do you know how hard it is to find a decent French macaron?!   Vegas has been the most troubling city in that this is offered only in a handful of places and this is the only place that can do it right. Payards for example, it's an afterthought and a bastardized version that is almost like a ladyfinger cookie with jam and a candy coat shell for $15 and they're quarter sized. I wanted to slap a chef.    These are lil pillows of my favorite sweet pleasure. Is it the best macaron I had? No- and the "best" is NOT in Paris (...it's in LA).  Between boxes of macarons I bring back from LA, this is a lovely substitute. I haven't really tried many of the treats, but maybe I should....Offeringslook good, but I just seem to have blinders for nothing but macarons.   Do you know how difficult these are to make? They're very temperamental through out the process....people I know who bake these for a living even admit to throwing out quite a lot of batches. I appreciate the "art" of the perfect balance to achieve them and so I never complain to pay $$$ for a "cookie".....also thank fucking Buddhas I can't make them or else I make a few dozen and go into a sugar shock. I kinda have to pretend to myself that my BF doesn't work for Venetian as well and put it up to him when we will have these.   Anyways, I'm sitting here with my birthday box of macarons.   Happy, Happy, BURPday!  I already ate most of them by the time I finished this review.
5 BOMB.COM on the Macarons!!! Iv had macarons flown in from Paris at the famous Laduree's bakery but the macaron i had in vegas was by far the best I'v ever had!!!   enough said.
4 Almond chocolate croissant was really good.  Flaky, crunch crust.  The place is just a bit small and no eating/sitting area to get 5 star.  And yes, very good Macarons.  Probably the best I've had.  Coffee was good, not great.
5 My dad loves this place (the baby of the Bouchon restaurant).  MACARONS: A-MAZE-ZING!!!!! Some of their Flavors: Vanilla, Chocolate, Mocha, Pumpkin, Pistachio, Orange, Raspberry, Strawberry, Coffee, Lemon.. (depending on the season, flavors vary) Texture is a little crunchy, chewy and fluffy. Just the right sweetness and creamy flavored filling = Mind Boggling!!  Also Tried these and made me smile: The Carrot Cake Sandwich, Plain Croissant, Ham and Cheese Croissant.. Even the boxes and bag they give you are Awesome!   Just a Lil' Steep in Cost.. But you get what you pay for!! I'd pay $10 for one of their Macarons any day of the Year!
5 Well, it's Bouchon.  Do I really need to say more?  My girlfriends and I had brunch in the morning at Bouchon, and knew of the bakery.  It was a must on the way out, on our way home from Vegas.  We had chocolate croissant, brioche, sticky bun and cheese danish already as part of our breakfast pastry plate while in the restuarant, but I wanted to get some macaroons.  I got the variety pack - I've completedly devoured the strawberry one, and parts of the chocolate and pistachio so far.  OH MY GOODNESS!  So good.    Next time while in Vegas, if I don't have the good fortune of heading to Bouchon for some brunch and only want a pastry or two, with some coffee, I'm definitely heading here!
3 I wish I could give this place a better review, but after only having a bite of my mocha macaroon and the boyfriend finishing it off... I didn't have enough to register it's goodness. But if he finished it... it must be good? Oh well...  The cupcake on the other hand was gross. No taste and dry. Blah!   Next time I think I'll try the chocolate croissant...
4 Pretty darn good. I have had this place on my bookmarks for awhile. I got a bit lost trying to find the place because I asked the concierge where BOUCHON was and I failed to mention the Bakery. I got sent to the restaurant. It's actually located near the Phantom of Opera show. Right behind the escalators.   The french macarons are 3.50 a pop. Well worth it. It's not the best I've had but well worth it. I got the pistachio and chocolate flavors. I loved the pistachio ones. The chocolate ones were okay, very moist and brownie like. I also got the TKO cookie. Eh, didn't really like it. But the macarons are yummy!  I need to try more flavors and get out of my comfort zone of just buying pistachio and chocolate.
4 Where else can you experience gourmet food and experience except in Vegas? The perk about staying at the Venetian was that I was able to meander down to Bouchon in my PJs and not care.  Sinfully decadent is what I would describe this comparatively-little stall. The glass case held dozens of different pastry treats and I had a lot of trouble trying to decide what to have. As much as the brownies and chocolate offerings were extremely tempting, I had to be practical and got two ham and cheese baguettes and two coffees for me and Mr. J.   Cheap, it is not. The two sandwiches and coffees cost $25. The quality was great so you are paying for a good product. The cost was worth it for me because this is one of the few places (and times) that I can experience the influence of Thomas Keller. If you're a foodie like I am, you should try to hit this place up when you're in Vegas.
4 I tried to find the Bouchon Bakery inside the Venetian just by wandering around. ALMOST missed it! It's right underneath the escalators in front of the Phantom Theater.   We had to try it out just to see what Thomas Keller simple food tastes like...and it tastes good!   Ordered a Roast Beef Sandwich. $10.25. Skinny french baguette with roasted red peppers, tender roast beef, and some kind of creamy spread. Got it toasted so the bread was warm and crusty but the inside was still very cold. I can't believe I am saying this...sorry Thomas Keller...but the roast beef inside the Earl of Sandwich Original 1762 tasted better. Yikes! And it was a lot cheaper too. Might have been because the Earl of Sandwich was heated through so it was actually a "hot" sandwich.  Still, overall still very tasty. Next time will get the macarons.
3 I was sad to find that Bouchon Bakery in the Venetian is only a stand (with no seats next to it) located under the escalator by the Phantom Theater.   My chocolate almond croissant was amazzzzing but my mocha was just ok and I had to go back to re-ask for whipped cream because the barista forgot.   Glad I was finally able to try Bouchon Bakery even if I did pass on the macaroons, but I wouldn't say its a must have in Vegas considering all the other delicious things nearby.
4 While in Vegas, we decided to embark on a macaron taste test. Bouchon was one of our contenders. Tried the Strawberry and Chocolate flavors. I don't want to spoil the other reviews but hands down, Bouchon has the best macarons ever! They were the right size - just enough to make you fall in love and want more without going overboard. Light and flaky with a sweet filling. As much as I love chocolate, my favorite here is the Strawberry!
4 Good flaky, airy, croissant but i've had better.   The almond chocolate croissant was good too but have to eat right  away otherwise the outside get hard, the almond paste inside is a litte soggy for me, but still nice flavor, not  too sweet.
5 Real French baking in faux Venice. Oh, Thomas Keller, you devil!  My boyfriend and I almost bought out the place. If you are a hungry foodie with a sweet tooth, be vewy vewy careful or you will plunk down money you never knew you had to eat here.  Everything was amazing. Everything. The pistachio macaroon, the chocolate tarte, the Danish cheese pastry, the red velvet cupcake, the vanilla eclair, the BLT baguette sandwich toasted to perfection (though it hurts your jaw after a while), the namesake Bouchon cake, the brioche...OH MY GOD, I am drooling on my work computer as I type this and I don't know how I'll explain it to IT if my computer breaks down!
5 Okay, this place is Phenomenal!!!  I had brunch their with my besties (back in November, sue me, I've been lazy) and I have to say this is one of my new favs for Las Vegas!!  Our server was super sweet and very knowledgeable about the menu.  He started us off with a pastry of our choice and I had a cream puff (Amelia Bedilia would've been proud).  Next, I was having a hard time choosing what to eat, so he suggested I chose the corned beef and I'm so glad he did!  Let me tell you folks, the French do corned beef WAY BETTER than your granny or your mama!!  It was like chunks of jerky-esque beef and delicate diced potatoes.  My eggs were fluffy and perfect and the seasoning for this whole dish was absolutely wonderful!  I just wish my stomach had been prepared for this meal...it defeated me!  Lastly, we headed over to the bakery and picked up some pastries for the road (not like it made it "home") and again, the staff was very cordial and helpful.  I will DEFINITELY be back; it's only a question of when!!
5 I love the macarons here! They are double the size and half the price of any macaron you get around LA. What a steal! On top of that, they're delicious! Talk about bang for your buck. Love it!
4 Read other peoples review and tried the carrot cake cookie..hands down!
5 ...I'm no stranger to Bouchon or its sister Bakery - I've been to each of them at least once and to the Vegas location multiple times on each previous trip.  Like my previous stays in Vegas this vacation would be no different - except this time the offerings featured a holiday appropriate theme.  Visiting the bakery four times during out five days in Vegas many repeats were ordered and all remained as excellent as prior - the Carrot Cake cookie, the Nutter Butter, the Red Velvet Cupcake, the Pistachio Macaron, and the Pain au Chocolate to name a few.  Focusing my own ordering on new items and holiday themed selections I managed to sample six new items during the various visits.  Beginning first with the croissant of the month, December featured Dutch Apple.  While I personally feel that "croissant" is a bit of a misnomer for such a dense pastry, the dough was unmistakably the same - the difference was the presentation.  Essentially a hemi-sected butter croissant topped with cinnamon roasted apples and buttery strudel topping the flavor was that of apple crisp in a warm and portable form.  Moving on to the holiday items, my first would be the Christmas Tree TKO.  For those unfamiliar with Keller's famous take on the Oreo, the recipe is out there and the cookie is divine.  This time cut into the shape of a Christmas tree and filled with a mint chocolate cream I personally fancy the original more so as I find mint to be overpowering.  On the contrary, however, my mother loved this cookie and ended up with two in her luggage in addition to the two she ate while in Vegas.  Another holiday special featured a frosted shortbread snowflake.  At a cost of $4.50 the palm-sized cookie likely weighed in at nearly 8 ounces and if I had to guess the cost was almost entirely based on the full stick of butter included.  Dense and crisp, the cookie quite literally melted in the mouth leaving behind a sweet buttery memory.  Not for the faint of heart (or high in cholesterol) a single cookie was almost "too much," but thankfully there was a group of four to split the pair we ordered.  The gingerbread man (and accompanying woman) were a bit of a letdown in my personal opinion.  Lightly frosted and quite thin the cookies were hefty in cinnamon and sweetness, but rather lacking in the characteristic gingerbread flavor.  A fan of all things mint and equally of macarons, the Peppermint Macaron was a no-brainer for my mother.  For those unfamiliar with Bouchon's style of Macaron, they are approximately the size of an adult male palm and when fresh they are every bit on par with the best I've tasted in the United States.  A shining example, the peppermint variation featured the characteristic crackling shell which gave way to the soft and supple cookie within.  Filled with a cocoa accented peppermint ganache I know some folks contest that Bouchon's macarons are too sweet and while I'll fully admit this was the sweetest I've tasted, the flavor was akin to a York Peppermint Patty in cookie form - it was delicious.  The final selection of our visits to Bouchon Bakery would be the Chocolate Bouche de Noel.  Served as a 1.5 inch thick slice of the "log" and garnished with meringue mushrooms and cocoa covered almond stones, the chocolate Gnoise was rolled and frosted with chocolate buttercream and lightly dusted with confectioner's sugar snow.  Dense and filling I was glad I ordered coffee with the cake while my companions contested this was the sort of dish best enjoyed with milk.  Rarely one to revisit the same spot multiple times at all let alone on the same visit I will continue to frequent Bouchon and Bouchon Bakery whenever I have the chance - like when I visited the Beverly Hills location on December 22nd and the Vegas location for Christmas brunch.
4 It was a little hard to find the place, but any dessert lover should definitely check out this place. We ordered the raspberry macaron, an apple croissant, and a plain croissant. The plain croissant wasn't very flaky, and didn't taste very good. The apple croissant, on the other hand, was delicious. Crunchy butter sugar topping on a sweet layer of thinly sliced apples and a yummy croissant. It was delicious! The macarons were huge! They were about two or three inches in diameter which is huge for a normal macaron. The ratio of filling to shell was perfect, not too much, not too little. I thought the raspberry macaron had a very pleasant flavor. It wasn't extremely strong, but it was definitely present. Overall it was a pretty good snack, but I would skip the plain croissant.
4 i really wish this place was in orange county! we came here nearly twice a day during the xmas holiday weekend for breakfast or a snack or whatever. lucky for us, their hours accomodated :D  we tried the huge parisien macarons, they're like the size of my hand, my goodness they are large aaaaand the blueberry muffin, the croissants, almond puff pastry,  apple tart, and more. every single pastry item was delicious and perfectly sweet. i hate it when pastries are dry or overly sweet or bland - thankfully, bouchon hit the nail on the head for me!  the packaging is pretty cute too so some of the items would make nice gifts i suppose.  bouchon bakery is located next to the main elevator section and the theater, tucked under the escalators.  ugggh i want some nao peese!
5 MACAROOOOOOOOOOOOOOONS. I took some home with me, they've been sitting on the table for a week, and I've been slowly eating my heart out. I feel so dirty for liking this kind of deliciousness...  Was a little disappointed by the chocolate croissant. I've tasted better but as soon as I microwaved it, I understood the foodgasm everyone's been raving about in these reviews.  YUM! Bouchon, je t'adore et je vous retournez! (I don't know if that's right, my 4 high school years of french have not had much of a chance to be practiced)
5 this is a review for just the macarons.   and to sum it all up, the macarons alone are worth the trip to visit the venetian. we basically bought every box on display for the road trip back to San Diego.
5 This bakery stand is located in front of the Phantom Theater in the Venetian, and close to the Grand Lux Cafe. This place is great for to-go baked treats (cookies, croissants, muffins, etc) and coffee; there are no tables to sit at and eat. They had very limited healthy breakfast options, just oatmeal and yogurt with granola. I had the mango yogurt with granola ($6; yummy crunchy and nutty), my man had the ham & cheese sandwich on a French baguette (tasty but not worth the $9 price tag!). The TKO cookies (I'm assuming that stands for Thomas Keller Oreos) are a fresh, refined version of the classic; so buttery and creamy that the supermarket version will seem like cardboard to me from this day forward.  The macarons were amazing! Yes, slightly better than Paulette's because they were more contrast in texture (super crunchy exterior and creamy center) and I loved how big they are. We tried their gift pack of 6 flavors (chocolate, vanilla, coffee, pumpkin, strawberry, and pistachio). My favorite was chocolate & coffee, my man loved the pumpkin.   Thomas Keller-- if you're reading this, can you please open up a bakery in San Francisco??? :)
5 Came here to get coffee and was so pleasantly surprised.  A perfect cup of coffee if I've ever had one... aromatically perfect and just amazing.  It makes me intrigued to think if I ever got to try Thomas Keller's food.
4 The peppermint patties are big and delicious. Too bad the last couple times i have visited they were out of stock .
5 Macarons, macarons, macarons.  That's all I see on these reviews here.  I've been to Bouchon Bakery before but I just happened to stop by because I stayed at Venetian back then and the guest elevator was right there.  I've ordered coffee and something else which I can't remember what.  They were good but didn't think anything was exceptional.    My sister was with me this time and she happened to like these kind of bakeries so we headed to try this oh so popular macarons.  They looked like one of those tasteless meringue desserts, I wasn't sold still.  I told the guy I've never had them so pick one flavor for me.  He said his favorites were coffee or pistachio so I got a coffee macaron and a madeleine.  I've bought a little bag of madeleines at Jean Philippe Patisserie before and they were very dry and awful.  I was very disappointed with them but Bouchon's madeleine was moist and good as it should be.    Finally I had a bite of macaron...  Oooohh Mmmmyyy Goooood, it was soooo gooooood!!!!!  My sister said there is this bakery shop near her work which sells macarons and they were so good, she always thought to bring some for me but they were so delicate, she never did.  She got chocolate and raspberry.  Chocolate one was good but I thought coffee was a bit better and the raspberry one was not too sweet not too tangy, simply delicious!  She said those macarons are even better than her favorite place.  They were probably one of the best thing I've eaten for a long time and I'm talking about a dessert.  Crazy good!   Before we left Vegas, we stopped there again and had some more for us on the road and few more for my pet sitter.  I've asked them to put a few in a box and they told me they have a box of each flavor (total of six) for price of five so I've got that.    Those macarons must have something in it like we call Pinkberry, "Crackberry"...  They are so addictive and now I want to drive 4 hours to Vegas just to get those macarons now!              Those macarons definitely deserve the 5 stars.
5 I've only had the macarons here.  I stopped by after breakfast (this place is sort of hard to find, it's underneath escalators) at Bouchon to pick up some macarons for my sister before driving home.  I would have gotten more, but they had ran out of a lot of stuff!  They even only had one chocolate macaron left, so getting there earlier is a must.  Regardless, the macarons seem pricey, but they're about as big as my palm, so it's well worth it.  They have pretty tasty macarons, but I wouldn't go as far as to say they're the best you can find -- maybe for Vegas though.  I was considering giving this place four stars, but I couldn't really justify it.  But I still feel like five is a lot, so for accuracy, I'll say it's four-and-a-half stars.
4 Located under the escalators (from the garage to the casino).  Not as good as Tartine in San Francisco.  Great cookie. Good regular croissants.  Chocolate croissants aren't nearly as good as Tartine's.  My wife enjoyed it.
5 I experienced my first macaron cookie(s) from this bakery. Apparently, according to the reviews, I probably won't go anywhere elsel! Maybe my review isn't worth much since I don't have anything else to compare to, but my husband and I both thoroughly enjoyed a box of macarons! We were just going to get 4, but the guy said when you buy 5 you get 1 free! And I'm a sucker for things like that... :)  Got 2 pistachio (because I read how fabulous they are), 1 chocolate, 1 raspberry, 1 espresso, and 1 vanilla bean. Pistachio was definitely our favorite. But they were all really really good. All of them had a light, fluffiness about them w/ that perfectly delicate outside. I loved that they were nice and puffy and none of them were too sweet. If I had to pick, vanilla was probably our least favorite, but that's only if someone made me pick. I was a bit sad when a couple of them broke because the box wasn't full and they were rolling around in the car (still in the box of course), but they were still yum. A couple of them seemed a tad dry, but I think that's also because it was a day later and we were in the car many hours (driving back home). Overall, I will DEFINITELY be coming back. :) :) :)
4 Today, I had the honor of trying the macarons--chocolate and vanilla!!   First bite of vanilla: chewy and SWEET!  Second bite of vanilla: mmmm! the outside is crispy and the amount of almond in it is just right. Third bite of vanilla: i guess the buttercream is a little too much for me.  Onto the chocolate ...  LOVE IT! Definitely not over-the-top sweet like the vanilla flavor.
4 We got their croissant, focaccia bread with feta cheese and tomatoes, and  vanilla bean macaron and pistachio maracons.    Their croissant was OK, not great, it didn't taste really fresh and the inside wasn't as buttery as I prefer.  Their focaccia bread was good, they warmed it for us and there was a nice pesto soaked into the bread.  Their vanilla bean macaron was delicious!!!  Much better than the pistachio one.
2 Damn you and your beautiful pastries.  No, not because I can't stop eating them.  But because I'm convinced that I keep ordering incorrectly, and surely something in that case is as delicious as it looks.  Turns out, that's just not the situation at all here.    You get a solid gold star for strong, delicious coffee, but I'm done handing over my hard earned cash for disappointing baked goods.  They're just not good.  The red velvet cupcake was dense, almost stale.  The chocolate chip cookie was dry, dry, dry.    Thanks, though, for the coffee.
4 I've been to the Bouchon restaurants in Beverly Hills and Las Vegas.  Both experiences were okay but nothing particularly exceptional.  I've read a lot of good things about the Bouchon Bakery though so I was still eager to give it a try.  Bouchon Bakery is conveniently located near the guest elevators on the casino floor.  The bakery is a simple open storefront.  They have glass display counters showcasing the many attractive pastries and desserts while coffee is made/assembled in the background.  I went three times and it was busy on each visit; still, lines moved quickly each time because service was organized.  I had a good sampling of their offerings and most of what I had was good.  Here is the rundown.  (Pain Au Raisin) This was nice croissant dough that was mixed with golden and dark raisins.  The pastry was good.  It had a good crispness on the outside, but it still had a nice flakiness and softness at the center.  It was nicely sweet but not overpowering.  The raisins were plump and flavorful--too often raisins are overly shriveled in these types of pastries.  (Chocolate Bouchon) This was a chocolate brownie shaped like a wine cork.  The bouchon I had was dusted with powdered sugar.  It also had a little bit of fudgy chocolate ganache in the center, which may not have been the intention (a later bouchon I had seemed to lack this fudge).  The brownie was good.  Good, rich chocolate flavor and the appropriate texture of a brownie.  I have noticed that a lot of bakeries will alter the brownie recipe to create a moister brownie with a longer shelf life, which results in a fudgy brownie that is not really a brownie.  I like how the brownie here was baked as it should have been.  Because of that, the Bouchon here may not have been the moistest brownie, but it was still satisfying and thankfully still a brownie.  (Macarons) I had three here--caramel, vanilla and coffee.  All the flavors were good, but if I had to pick, I would probably say the caramel was the best.  Good and smooth cream centers that were flavorful.  The macarons' outside shells had a light crispness while the inside was soft and chewy.  The macarons here were larger than most macarons I've had (priced higher too at a little over $3 a piece).  (Chocolate Croissant) This (or maybe the apple croissant) was probably my least favorite thing here and it may have a lot to do with how I am not the biggest fan of chocolate croissants.  I think part of it has to do with how I don't like how big and soft they tend to be.  The croissant was light, crispy and flaky.  The croissant featured a thick and generous chocolate bar at the center.  The croissant was fine though it was very similar to the other good chocolate croissants I've had (and it did not really stand out).  (Apple Croissant) This pastry was not your typical apple pastry.  The bottom was a flat puff pastry base.  It was topped with apples and then a slightly crunchy and sweet cinnamon streusel-like topping (similar to a Dutch apple pie).  It tasted fine, but it was not as good as other apple pastries I've had.  The pastry base was a little firm and thick.  It lacked the light crispness and flakiness of a good croissant.  The apple flavor was not as prominent as I would have liked, which was mainly due to the generous portion of the cinnamon streusel (kind of overwhelmed the apple flavor).  Service was good and pleasant on all of my visits.  Pricing was about what you would expect with most of the options in the $3-$4 range.  I would imagine that most bakeries/pastry shops in Las Vegas (even bad ones) would be charging similar prices.  The quality at Bouchon Bakery was high and because the prices were reasonable enough, this one might be worth the extra walk or the extra casino hop if you get a hankering for a good pastry during your stay.  The Venetian offers complimentary valet parking.  Like other major casinos, I imagine they would have complimentary self-parking as well.
4 Yelped about this place and i love desserts! So, I wanted to try a macaron for the first time. So I walked to the Venetian and found the bakery all the way at the other end from the entrance.  It is a small place, I saw different colored macarons: green, orange, white and brown macarons. So I asked what flavors were the macarons and he said pistachio, orange, vanilla and chocolate. So i got the vanilla and chocolate (original flavors) to see how they taste.  The macarons were a decent size, took about 4-5 bites to finish them. As I tried the vanilla... it was sooo good!!!! the inside is like eating ice cream and other outer layers was soft and a nice chewy texture.   The chocolate one was good too but it was too chocolatey and rich for me. But, i slowly finished it throughout the day.
4 I'm in Vegas. It's a place to indulge. So did I? Of course I did! I indulged on the great richness of Bouchon Bakery located in the Venetian near the guest elevators!  I was staying in the Palazzo but Bouchon's was just a short 5 minute brisk walk away. I love the fact that the bakery, is just a simple and open store. It's not big and extravagent - just an open storefront you might see walking down the street in Europe. Once my friends and I got here, there were so many choices starting from breakfast items like croissants, breads to dessert like massive chocolate chip cookies, macaroons and dessert beignets!  I eventually ordered: * Almond brioche - it's almost like almond brittle baked on to a nicely toasted slice of brioche. Nice and buttery. * Chocolate chip cookie - A little too sweet for me but lots of butter :) * Assortment of macaroons - I got the box set which included every flavor - strawberry, orange, pistachio, vanilla, chocolate, espresso. The box set was $17.50 which is a steal when you do the math. Individual macaroons were $3.50 each. These macaroons weren't your normal sized macaroons either, they're about 3-4 times as big which makes me gladly hand over my money for these bites of delicious goodness. * Beignets - They come at $3.75 for two so I got both flavors that they had that day, raspberry and chocolate. The raspberry one was nice and sweet but was way overfilled with too much raspberry jelly - a little hard to eat. The chocolate one was heaven - rich chocolate ganache inside of a chocolate flavored beignet with chocolate sprinkles on top. Can it get any better than that?!  The macaroons were definitely the highlight of the bunch. They were sweet, crunchy, creamy and divine.  I'm coming here everytime I'm in Vegas to get some Macaroons and try a few more of their delectable pastries.
4 My go-to spot in the AM when in Vegas.  I love a macaroon in the morning.  Service is top notch and they have an excellent bloody mary.  Bouchon for Breakfast, please drop off my breakfast and cocktails to Venice, CA.  Everyday.
5 Bouchon Bakery has THE BEST MACAROONS EVER! Period!  I have tried macaroons from a few other bakeries, but none have been as good as these! Who wouldn't love those sweet cookie-like treats that are filled with butter cream, which are crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside? Yum!!  *FYI- they are $3.50 each. But if you buy a box of 6 - you only pay $17.50 (buy 5 get 1 free)*  I have also tried the Chocolate Croissant, which was okay. It was nice and flaky. The chocolate was just right and not too sweet, but I think they should have put more in the croissant. My husband and I bought the Chocolate Cupcake a long time ago, but I remember that we threw it away because it was very dry and lacked flavor. However, 5 stars because did I mention.....  THE BEST MACAROONS EVER!! Enough said!
5 Great breakfast! Got a butter croissant and a chocolate croissant for my boyfriend. Both were flaky and soft.  The beignets were AMAZING. We split a chocolate and a berry, and both were great. Fluffy, fresh, taaaasty. The chocolate was quite heavy, so maybe better as an afternoon snack than a breakfast, but great with a  cup of coffee.  I wanted to go back the next day and try the bread pudding, but didn't make it. I will definitelly be trying the Napa one next time I am there since it's closer to me than Vegas.
4 It is hard to resist all the goodies in the glass cases! There is a huge variety of baked goods, from breakfast pastries to dessert tarts.   The most memorable items are the French macaroons. They are larger and flatter than macaroons from other places. I had to resist myself and only get two, raspberry and pistachio. The raspberry was delicious, but a little on the sweet end. The pistachio was nutty and more true to a real pistachio flavor than most macaroons.   The apple croissant was flaky on the outside and full of apples and crumbs on the inside.   Bouchon: These were a lot smaller than I had expected and more like a brownie than a fluffy cake that I expected. The "brownie" was very rich and delicious!   This is definitely a stop on my next visit to Vegas!
5 Two words: homemade oreos.
5 This is a great place to get macarons.  They are super tasty, and their large size makes it nice for sharing.  The pistachio is definitely one flavor to try.    They also have some pretty decent orange juice as well.  Pastries are good if you are craving a croissant.  Definitely make this a stop if you are staying in the Palazzo/Venetian, or are in the North Strip area.
5 I absolutely LOVE their french macarons. I have to say... normally i don't like pistachio macarons from other places just cause the flavor is very fake.. but this place nails it! Delicious. All the macarons are very very good. The coffee macaron is great. They are Very pricey but hey it is Vegas.. A friend just got me some and are dropping them off tomorrow so hurrah! This beats Paulette macarons like hell!
5 I had a serious craving for macarons after my friends and I were talking about sweets, so when I found out there was a Bouchon bakery at the Venetian, I made my friend go with me to get some.  $3.50 each for macarons sound steep, but they're huge! Each one is as big as the palm of my hand. I got the chocolate, pistachio, and vanilla and all tasted divine!  We also had iced mochas that were good. I liked that they weren't too sweet. I made the mistake of drinking the whole thing, though, and I got a crazy caffeine high.   I wish I got more. Now I'm going to have to go to LA just to get some. :(
5 mmmmm.. macarons..i had 2 of each to bring back home to share with the wifey. when i told her i was going to vegas she asked to bring something back from bouchon. im glad she did. she loved the pistacio. my fave was the coffee flavored one. theyre also quite larger than others i've tried...  i also had to try the oreos and too bad i only got 2.
5 My mouth waters just thinking about the delectable creations knows an Bouchons :P  I'd never heard of Bouchon Bakery until just before i visited Las Vegas, a friend of mine was a huge fan of Tomas Keller and The French Laundry and had let me know about Bouchons. Every time we would go to Valleyfair he'd mention that they sold the mix for some of the items on the menu at Bouchon Bakery, but I never caved.  So he hooks me with the promise of chocolate and leads the way to the little Bouchon Bakery stand. He gets Macaroons, Chocolate Chip Cookies, Oatmeal Cookies, an Almond Croissant and Bouchons of course.  I loved every single one!!!! I wish I lived in Vegas just so I could overindulge.  Needless to say, once we got back home and went to Valleyfair..we bought up the lot of Bouchon mix :)
5 Pistachio macarons are the best. Also bought a large heart-shaped sugar cookie for my bf. So freaking adorable. He only had 2 bites of it though. :X On the pricier end, but totally worth every penny.
4 The chocolate croissants here are excellent. Nice and flaky on the outside.   I've been to both the New York and the Las Vegas locations, and I feel like the New York location has a little bit better selection and a much nicer atmosphere overlooking Central Park. The one in Vegas is pretty much a grab n' go kind of place with no seating area. It's right near the elevators to the guest rooms at the Venetian though, so it's really convenient if you're staying in the Venetian tower and just want to make a quick trip down the elevators to get some coffee/pastries.
4 Bouchon Bakery in Vegas is not as nice as the one in NY, but the goods are still, er, good, haha.  The macarons & Oreo cookie are both good, just as they are in the NY location.  I make it a point to stop by here at least once when I'm in Vegas & my only complaint is that some of the counter people can be very holier-than-thou. Ironically, the ones working @the NY Bouchon Bakery are pretty nice & friendlier than the ones @the Vegas Bouchon Bakery. Which is pretty ironic considering the Vegas counter people work at a lower-level version of this place which is really just a small counter in front of a theater, with no place to sit to enjoy the food & coffee.  But still ... the macarons always draw me back here. Cannot say no to all that almond-ey goodness :-).  Note: Do not shove bagged macaron into your shoulder bag & eat in hotel room. I made the mistake of doing that once & had to eat the flattened contents by licking them off the bag they put it in :-b. Not my finest moment!
3 Food in Vegas is just not that good! Even though this bakery is top-notch by Vegas standards, it was just A-OK in the 3 items I tried here!
4 Bouchon makes me want to start singing this song:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l12Csc_lW0Q  "Macaron macaron"  YUMMY. Pistachio and espresso are my favorites. The chocolate one just tastes like a brownie. I love the crispiness then the chewiness. It's perfect with coffee! It's pretty steep in price which is why I'm knocking off a star because I spent like $15 on three macarons and coffee because I'm cheap like that. Next time I'm trying raspberry!
4 I've just recently grown fond of Parisan macarons, so Thomas Keller's little creations were in order. The bakery doesn't provide a sitting area, but it's a great place for a quick grab and go. Showcasing countless selections of morning pastries and snacks, it was difficult choosing only a limited few. Between the 3 of us, we walked away with a slice of pesto, tomato, & feta foccacia bread, pistachio macaron, pear & apricot glazed bread pudding, strawberry croissant, mini chocolate bouchons, and a box of half dozen macarons for the flight home. $48 for everything was a major rapage, but well worth it.  The pesto foccacia was very moist and flavorful, but a bit on the greasy side. Appropriate to indulge if you need to recover from a nasty hangover. Bread pudding was a major surprise, but the richness and density in each bite was overwhelmingly filling. I wish I could have stomached more, but at least my left overs lasted 2 days later and still tasted just as amazing.   For the box of macarons, we had pistachio, raspberry, vanilla bean, lemon, mocha, & chocolate. Favorites listed that order as well. The texture is much more dense than what I'm used to, but the cream filling won me over. Not sure how many of these babies I can devour over a cup of coffee, but they're certainly a delectable treat. I'm curious to try the beignets and lemon tart during my next visit.  The bakery is hidden right next to the Phantom Theater. Again, no seating available, so take your treats upstairs and hang out at the Coffee Bean.
4 More like 3.5 due to pricing, its not the cheapest but pretty good!. Everyone comes here for the macarons which for someone who's never had a macaroon or 'ron before im not quite sure to compare it too but it was light, delicate and tasty! got the 5 'ron special or something like that so i could try all the flavors its too bad I cant really define what each one is although some are fairly simple to distinguish, the pink one is strawberry and yes it tastes like strawberry. Pistachio was good and i think the tan was caramel or coffee, but whatever it is, i did like it! What i thought was better than the macarons was the TKOs! I'm an oreo eater so this really made my day! it wasnt in the glass when i ordered so i asked the clerk and she said they just made some so i got a fresh batch! yum! real good, taste like a luxurious creamy oreo..what can i say, i like my oreos... all in all the TKO was a definite TKO!
5 I've always wanted to try Macarons (not to be confused with macarOOns), so luckily I got an assortment of macarons from Bouchon as a gift..  I can't begin to describe how delicious they are..  The flavors were light, but exquisite..  My favorite was the vanilla, but not by much..  They have a bunch of other tasty stuff there, but the macarons are definitely a must try!!
3 After hearing so much about macarons, I figured since I was staying at the Venetian I must try Bouchon Bakery's macarons.  Given, I've never had macarons before, I couldn't compare it to anything else. I thought they were pretty tasty, the pistachio was my favorite. I wouldn't say it knocked my socks off.   I think I'm going to have get use to them before I gave a thoughtful review.   This bakery is hidden so you might just miss it.
3 Everyone seems to love Bouchon, and I got carried away by all the overpriced hype.  Sadly, I found myself a bit disappointed with the macaroons I had from there.  The outside was too crunchy/flaky/crumbly for my taste, and the inside was too soft/gooey and overpoweringly sweet.  I prefer my macaroons to be softer on the outside without crumbling to bits with every bite.  I also prefer the inside to be less sweet, and less gooey; the inside of a perfect macaroon, in my opinion, should be dense and chewy.  The Blueberry Muffins are EXCELLENT!  Wow!!!  LOVED those muffins!  It's hard to explain exactly how great these muffins tasted, but I would go back to Bouchon just for those blueberry muffins.  I also tried one of their sandwiches and I was really not all that impressed.  The bread seemed a bit too stale, for me, and overall, the sandwich was flavorless.  Sorry, Bouchon... I gave you three tries, and outside of your blueberry muffins, I found myself sadly underwhelmed.
4 Bouchon, the little Kiosk/counter hidden in the Venetian!! you were so small.. so i thought you would offer less selection.. yet i still managed to walk away with so many of your treats!!  We asked for the worker's favs: ----APPLE CROISSANT: i have to say.. w/ the extreme flakiness and perfect moistness of the apples... BEST APPLE DESSERT IVE EVER HAD ---bread pudding: it was meeHh.. thicker, denser, & drier than I prefer  Other items I got: ----vanilla macaron: SO big, CHEWY & yummy. not too sweet compared to macarons i've had in the past but the cookies were more cake-y than meringue-y ----Bouchon: a mini brownie with a Milk chocolate center! it was rich and indulgent, and just the right size/amount!  cute how their disposable utensils look like "silverware" from a far!  a perfect ON THE GO breakfast before we left Vegas =), why did the one in LA close down ...?!
4 Once I saw  "By Thomas Keller" I knew that I had to try this bakery! The Bouchon Bakery is somewhat hidden from public view. It's located next to The Phantom of the Opera Theater, next to The Grand Lux Cafe, inside The Venetian.   The day I decided to try the Bouchon Bakery it was the morning I was in search of a good latte and pastry/cookie. When I went down the elevators from my hotel room, I spotted this little spot packed and busy. I came closer and saw what all the buzz was about. Delicious looking pastries, breads, desserts, and more delicacies! I figured it was a go! I really did not want to spend more than $6 like I did the night before on a small cappuccino at the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf that was mediocre.  WOW! Everything looked so amazingly fresh! I really wanted to try their foccacia that had feta, onion, and oven dried tomatoes and their chocolate croissant or their sensational looking fruit tarts or Bavarian Creams that had the golden chocolate transfer patterns...but I had to resist! I was going to have lunch with friends and so I decided to buy a vanilla soy latte and a cranberry biscotti. That combo was a winner! The latte was not too sweet and it went very well with the sweetness of the biscotti.  The next morning, before I left Vegas, I figured that I had to buy some macaroons! I purchased the chocolate and raspberry macaroons and they were very good. Their macaroons had the texture of a cross between a cake and a cookie but it fit it will! They were soft, chewy and the flavor swirled in my palate and it was not too sweet! The filling inside of them was just right and they did not look sloppy. Excellent! $3.50 each....little pricey but it's Vegas!  You can also purchase their coffee beans!   Customer services is very friendly!
2 This was the satellite store, on the first floor of the Venetian.   I guess I am not a fan of macaroons.
5 The macarons make a perfect dessert. They are super soft and have a great subtle taste. They are also pretty huge, especially compared to Payard Patisserie @ Caesars Palace (which also have a more potent taste).   Order the pack, it's worth it.
4 I only had their macaroon and brownie bites when we came. But seriously, their desserts are kick ass! I think I would actually prefer coming to Bouchon Bakery for dessert rather than order it with dinner.   I had one of their macaroons. ONE PHRASE. BEST FOOD ORGASM. lol XD Beware their macaroons are addictive and expensive. A box of 6 macaroons is around ~18 but they are larger than most macaroons. The texture of their insides are like mochi. mMm   Their brownie bites are quite deliciously soft and rich as well. Next time we come back, my friend and I are going to pastry raid Bouchon's :)
5 The pistachio macaron was THE BEST thing I ate in Vegas.  And I was eating quite a bit.  Unbelievably intense in flavor.  You will not forget the taste.  I also had the eclaire and croissant, both good but average.  The macaroon was far better.
3 Bouchon Surprise (the recipe)  Please add...  *4 cups of Friendly Service (2 cups for each girl behind the counter) *1/4 cup of a Price Reduction on most selections  To your already...  *SCRUMPTIOUS macarons (price reduction would be nice but not necessary here)  *Mediocre TKO cookie (their rendition of an oreo); not very impressive  I loved the macarons & I'll be back for 2 dozen more the next time I'm on the strip. Their larger then usual and chewy-yumm, BUT it could use more filling for the price you pay. I LOVE me some oreos and the TKO didn't do it for me. Honestly, I didn't even finish it. The verdict, this place is over hyped. I'm sure the renowned Thomas Keller & the fact that it is inside the Venetian make people up the star power and suddenly their palates taste the quality (I'm not hatin', I'm simply observing from my experience & giving my opinion).  NONETHELESS, I like the place! I'll definitely be back but I already know of bakeries in my own area that have cheaper and comparable macarons and pastries.
5 oh nom nom nom! :] I managed to force my friends to go on a scavanger hunt through Venetian for Bouchon! haha! It was so WORTH IT!!   I'm slightly obsessed with macarons and when I found this bakery I want crazy! Their macarons are the size of my hand! I have small chubby hands and it covers MY WHOLE PALM! Not only that but..   the flavor!? oh gosh! It was so tasty and fresh! The bite into the cookie! so chewy! I love it! The price isn't bad either! Usually I'll spend $3 on one that's 1/3 its size! I bought three for myself (i'm not lying i'm obsessed). I should have bought more.. I'm going back next time I'm in Vegas!
4 Tasty sandwiches and baked goods. I ate here three times during my last trip to Vegas because the show I was working was right near it. Great meal to keep me going all day. Chocolate croissant is awesome
5 Macarons.. YUMMM! They're are larger than what I'm used to. It took several bites for me to finish my sweet treat. I'm hooked!  Thanks Michelle Y. and Tim B. for getting these to cheer me up!!!!
4 If you're a fan of desserts, you have to stop by this place if you're in LV. My girlfriends and I went there on Saturday and I only got one vanilla because I usually don't like macarons; however, I loved it so much I had to go back the next day to try all of them. My favorites were the vanilla and chocolate but all of them were really good. (I got the pack of chocolate, coffee, vanilla, strawberry, pistachio, lemon) They were so light, a little crispy but the inside was really soft. OMG so good, especially when it was chilled; I want to go back now :[  FYI: It's inside the Venetian but it's kind of hard to find. It's actually under the escalators where Phantom is showing.
5 MACARONS!!!!!  They are bigger than what i usually get at other places. My friend and I went searching for this place throughout Venetian. I walked right pass it without realizing it was right there next to me until my friend saw it. It was right behind the escalator.   Love the pistachio, strawberry and the vanilla one. Im not a coffee person so i gave it away. I'm somewhat a chocolate person but maybe it was too chocolatey for me. Overall they are BOMB!
4 I wanted to grab breakfast here and ended up buying a few snacks for later in our day.   Not many options but what we had was great.  Very hard to find, though!
4 like everyone else said - MACARONS.   Once you park, head towards coffee bean, escalator down, make a uturn (it's under the escalator).    Was exposed to my first Macaron by my friend Erika @ the Bouchon in New York.   Since then have been waiting for an excuse to come to Vegas to relive the experience.   I could be persuaded to drive to Vegas from San Diego for this macaron!   What makes the bouchon bakery macaron THE macaron over other macarons is the filling and whatever that layers between the meringue shell and the filling !!!  Also the distinctive nutty almondy flavor... MMMmm.. Cookies will never be the same again.
5 food: i love bouchon and i love their bakery.  i come here whenever i'm in vegas for the TKO, macarons (all flavors!), carrot cake sandwich and of course, the bouchons.  i also love that you can buy thomas keller's amazing jams at the bakery.  service: nice and patient  final thoughts: hard to find but worth it.  it's great :)
3 $10 for 6 small brownie bites? Holy goodness, they better be the best brownies ever. Well, they are good but weren't the best I've ever had. And yes, I realize they are French so not brownies, persay...more bouchon bites. However, they are closely related to brownies. The price is not justified.  They had a light sprinkling of powdered sugar on top and chocolate chips in the batter. They seemed like they wouldn't be moist at all because they were quite hard and firm to the touch, but quite the contrary they were nice and soft in the middle. As I said, I enjoyed these little guys but not enough to justify the pricing. I'd pass on getting these again.
5 I am in my hotel room eating my Bouchon pastries that I bought earlier for my desert/dinner.  I am heard some much about their baked goods that I decided to skip dinner and to eat a few of their items instead.  I began evening meal by trying the pistacio nut macaroon.....good, filling and very sweet.  The next item was the carrot cake cookie.....two carrot cake cookies filled with carrot cake filling......this cookie is so fucking good.....full of flavor and oozing with thick sweet filling.  The last item was the apple croissant.  As I bit into it, the amazing taste of the apples and sweet crumbs just jumps at you..........and the flaky croissant simply just melts in your mouth......4 bites and the whole thing was gone.  I just came in my pants........the pastries were sooooo satisifying....no sex needed for a few days.  Yes, yes, yes......I want more!
2 This place is hard to find. Anyway I was in the mood for some macaroons. My partner in crime is dessert fanatic so was game when I mentioned this place. Boy were we disappointed. He had a chocolate pie and I had 3 macaroon. Visually the macaroons looked appealing and the size was generous compared to other offering on the strip. Taste was too sweet (a lemon macaroon is not supposed to be sweet) The chocolate pie was just like eating a chocolate bar. And the prices were outrageous (2 espresso drinks + 1 dessert and 3 macaroons for total of 26$!) I think there are better offering on the strip so look elsewhere.
3 I saw they had palm sized french macarons and I knew I had to buy a few before leaving Vegas.  I've never seen french macarons so large and the price wasn't bad at all for $3.50 a macaron (compared to the normally tiny expensive bites).  They didn't have as much cream filling and the outer shell was a bit harder then what I'm used to, but they were still light and chewy.  I enjoyed them for their size and flavor, but I didn't enjoy them as much as others I've had.
3 One of the first things I wanted to try in Las Vegas were the macarons from Bouchon. All of my friends have been ranting and raving about macarons, and I wanted to see what the hype was all about!  I guess I had high expectations..  I expected a nice large bakery, but it was small.. and had a few selections. The price of one macaron is $3.50.. it cost a lot more than what i thought it was worth! I bought 6, only because I didnt know when i would try them again, and I dont know where I can find these in San Diego.   Im really glad i bought that many because they ended up tasting really good! Theyre super sweet, and delicious. My favorite has to be the vanilla macaron. Highly recommend! Customer service was great, and the location of this bakery was far from the nasty smoking smell in the casino!
5 CARROT CAKE WHOOPIE PIE!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw?select=pS_B-RYYcTJK-R2N_UPLEg  ok, so they don't call it a whoopie pie at Bouchon, but that's pretty much what it was. Two soft carrot cake "cookies" with cream cheese frosting in between. One of my fave things to pick up now, besides their signature bouchons. Not a huge fan of their huge macarons, but they are definitely beautiful http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw?select=Rc0y67A4_DJoVyxulDozlg  * This is a kiosk- not a full blown bakery like i was expecting.  Next on my list to try: Jenny's S rec of Apple Croissant!
3 I write this as I nibble on my gargantuan Buchon macaron, which, by the way, is painfully mediocre compared to my restaurant experience (see Buchon restaurant review).  I'm having the strawberry macaron... it is too sweet, the strawberry flavor too subtle, and the consistency too soft (i.e., not enough chew or crisp).  I'm no macaron connoisseur (yet), but I can tell that it should be better.  The price, however, is very reasonable: a little under $20 for 6 different types that are about 2-3 times the size of a typical macaron.  Hopefully the other flavors are better.  3.4 stars: 0.4 for value and so I don't have to round up to 4.
5 although they do not have the "macarons as big as your head" like they do in the Yountville location...they still had macarons!!   We bought the pack that had 6 in them with an assortment of flavors.  They were absolutely amazing and i would love to eat them every day of my life.  Now chubs from Bouchon would be worth it!!!
5 These Macarons are large and in charge!!!!   These classic little French goodies were sooo yummy. Crispy on the outside, chewy and flavorful on the inside.  I had the raspberry and pistachio.  I think there was maybe 5 or 6 different flavors, which also change with the seasons.  They also offer other baked goodies too but I was too enamored with these lovely macarons.  This is def. a must stop when I hit up Sin City again.
4 I'll agree with everyone that the macaroons are excellent! I tried the coffee and pistachio flavors and both were tasty ! Goes really good with a bitter cup of Jo ... That's all I tried so can't comment on anything else but everything looked good !:)
5 Love the carrot cake cookie n oatmeal cookie. Croissants are above avg but nit the best. Slight edge to cest si bon in nb
5 Best macarons in the whole universe!!!!  Well as of May 2011, it's the best macarons in the whole universe. I got the wow factor, several times on my first macaron here. It went like this..."wow...ahhhh...ummmm....wow....awesome....etc" and it went like that for the next 15 minutes because that's how long it takes to finish just one macaron.  They're $3.50 per macaron, but they are more than 3 times the size of a standard sized macaron. It pretty much fits right into the palm of your hand. So you get the quantity as well. But the quality far exceeds every other macaron I've ever had including the ones in Paris.  Bouchon, you have won me over. C'est la vie. My first one was the pistachio and it was phenomenal. The flavors just kept coming and coming. It was non-stop. Whatever they did to these macarons, I just had to buy more.  So I got the 6-pack as well. For $17.50, you definitely save a lot more instead of just buying one and you get one of each flavor available. I got everyone in the group onboard with my macaron frenzy and they too enjoyed and devoured their piece. Me on the other hand, wanted to savor this 6-pack at home and I regret not buying another box.  The 6-pack includes the raspberry, chocolate, lemon, pistachio, cinnamon and coffee. I'm not going to make another essay out of my macaron review, but essentially all of them were of the 5-star quality. No bullshit here.   I also got one of the giant chocolate cookies, $3.50. Again, savor this one, because this one is rich, full of buttery chocolate flavor.  They have a few other Bouchon's out there including one up in the Napa Valley area. NV, you are now on my bucket list for a future visit and some more macarons. And yah, next Vegas trip will involve another visit to the Bouchon. Good job on giving me the best macarons in the universe.
5 Bouchon Bakery, I missed you in NYC, missed you in Yountville -- finally, we meet!!    The all-star line up did not disappoint!  * 6 pack of ginormous macaroons  * TKO * Carrot cake cookie  $24 worth of bliss.  (Don't worry, I was sharing all this yummy goodness with a friend.  But I could have handled it all by myself...)
4 Why 4 Stars? Because I'm a fan. It's located inside the Venetian: it's not even a shop, rather just a small stand. Anywho, Thomas Keller, I love you. I can eat TKO and macaroons forever. The TKO is like a big Oreo cookies but a super high class & fancy distant cousin. The 2 chocolate cookies had the perfect blend of crunchiness and cocoa flavor. The cream in the middle is amazing. The sweetness & sugar crystals are so smooth & perfect texture with a soft organic crme aroma. What type of butter or cream did you use? Taste expensive. Your macaroons are big & perfect amount of chewiness & crunch. It's still one of my favorites across the nation, comparing to Paulettes in LA or sleek macaroon shops in NYC. The macaroons can get too sweet sometimes, so just make sure you enjoy it with coffee or milk. But I do love your raspberry and blueberry macaroons as I can taste the fresh fruit in all parts & not just the filling. Well, all I know is that whenever I'm in Napa or Vegas, I shall always come & visit you.
5 Bouchon Bakery oh how we love you.  If you have trouble finding them here, they are located underneath the Escalators in the Venetian.  The escalators I am talking about is the one that leads to the parking structure.  We stayed at the Palazzo during the weekend and we went to Bouchon Bakery twice.  You can't go wrong with their goodies!  Some of us got the Choc/Almon Croissant, Regular Crossiant, Macaroons (even the packaged one to take home) and their coffee.  Everyone was very satisfied with what they got.    Can't go wrong here!  This place is always so  yummmmmmmm  :D  *Also have been to the Yountville location.
3 I'm a HUGE fan of macarons, so I really needed to check this place out during my stay in Vegas.  I saw pictures of the size of their macarons, and as they say, pictures don't lie. The macarons were definitely way bigger than usual.   However, with that said, I thought the taste itself were just okay. I didn't think they were anything special, and a bit too sweet for me. I've had a cinnamon one, which I don't think any other place had this flavor before, so that was kind of cool. But still, not worth my $3.50 and deliberately coming here for a pastry!
4 Visited: May 28th, 2011  Saturday was our shopping day, so we most definitely pounded the pavement for a good few hours. After Payard, we did some browsing, and some of the ladies went shopping. A few hours later, my friend Izzy and I were separated from the group when we were heading towards the Venetian. The reason for that was some dude pulled us aside trying to offer us wrist bands to get into clubs, and all he asked for was a tip. Since we didn't live in Las Vegas, we weren't sure if this dude was legitimate, so we walked away from it. We were trying to look for the rest of the girls, but then decided that we should meet near the canal shops where the gondolas were passing (instead of Bouchon Bakery).   So Izzy was leading the way over to the bakery. After walking a good 5 minutes from the entrance, we arrived. Bouchon Bakery can be easily passed by because it is under an escalator, across from the Bouchon restaurant. I came to the bakery solely because of the macarons, which Izzy said were pretty good. So I bought one of each flavor and there were seven of them. They were $3.50 each and totaled to $24.50. The price of those bad boys were steep, but I forked over the money just so I could taste them. I ate the chocolate one and the cinnamon one, and they were both delicious. I shared the rest of the macarons with the rest of the girls when we met up at the canal shops, and they thoroughly enjoyed them. One of the girls, Nicole, felt bad that I spent that much on the macarons that she didn't want to eat anymore. I insisted that everyone have the rest because these macarons are sweet, and I already had my intake of sugar for the day. Because of the macarons, it prompted a few of the girls to buy some as well from the bakery.   Overall, the service at the bakery was excellent, and the macarons were delicious. I popped my macaron cherry. lol..... But the cost of them I wasn't so fond of. I know there has to be a few patisseries in San Diego that make macarons!
5 It was 10:00 at night and I was waiting to be picked up at LAX. The car pulls up and I open the passenger door. There was a bag on my seat, and in the bag was a gift box of... macarons!! Gasp! All six in different colors - all for me!? I thought how was I going to fnish this, but I did. I ended up giving one away (not sure which one it was, hopefully not one that I would regret), but I kept the rest in a tightly sealed container in the fridge and I devoured them throughout the week.  Pink - My guess is that this was some kind of berry, maybe strawberry or raspberry, but it was yum.  Green - Pistachio. Great for nut lovers. I personally am not a big fan of pistachios in anything other than the nut itself, but the fact that I was eating a macaron, it didn't bother me.  Brown - Chocolate. I'm a huge chocolate fanatic, so this was orgasmically (if that even is a word) good.   Yellow - Lemon. Perfect for those who like their sweets a little tart.  Beige - Coffee. This was my all time favorite of the batch. I'm not a big coffee drinker, but I do love the taste of coffee and the fact that I can't have any right now or the next four months I think made this one top it all.   But after eating the whole box, I think I had enough macarons for awhile. =)
4 We stayed at the Venetian and the bakery was conveniently located in front of the elevators to the suites. The macaroons called out my name more so than the slot machines. I'd rather pay money for a good macaroon than lose money gambling. I recommend coffee and vanilla flavor. Mmmm.
5 Wow...what can I say that hasn't already been said about this place...I learned about this place from the line cook at our cafeteria, this place is a diamond in the rough.  So good I went back 3 times in 3 days. We stayed at The Palazzo, but this stand was relatively easy to find. Its underneath the escalators inside the Venetian kind of near the Grand Lux (?) Cafe. Their croissants are to die for, not greasy or too much flour, just right.  But their star is definately the oversized macaroons. I didn't even know what the hell macaroons were, but it was rich, sweet, almost fluffy treat, all you need to know. They have 6 different flavors, pistashio, almond, vanilla, chocoloate, lemon, strawberry.  Goes great with coffee in the AM or a light pick my up snack in the afternoon.  This place does get crowded, but the lines go really quick with attentive staff.  They do have 2 or 3 kinds of sandwiches, but, why would you eat a sandwich at a bakery...?  They also have a Bouchon restaurant, (I didn't get to try)
2 I came here strictly for macaroons and when I saw them they were pretty big compared to most macaroons. They sell them in packs or individually. They are $3 dollars each.   I tried the coffee and chocolate flavored macaroons. Right when i took a bite of it I was super disappointed. It was hard! It didn't have enough filling and wasn't chewy and soft enough. It tasted "crispy" which aren't how macaroons are suppose to be.   I actually didn't finish my macaroon and threw it away. The first time I've ever done that.
2 I always grab a cup of tea in the morning from Bouchon Bakery when my friends and I stay at Venetian.  I went recently this past weekend and asked if they can make me an Earl Grey tea latte.  And it was meh.  I've had better.  Coffee Bean makes it better (Earl Grey w/ nonfat milk & a quarter of their vanilla powder).  I've had the macarons there before but it wasnt fab.  (And on a side note, I'm reading some of the reviews and people,  MACARONS and MACAROONS are different.  Google it and get it straight)   Also tried their donuts (chocolate and rasberry filled) but they were not all that great either.  But their other pastries definitely look delicious. Maybe those taste better?
5 Really good, long line. Much smaller than the NYC store, but bigger than the Vegas location.  When we got there early, we saw EVERYTHING available. We went again before we left Napa, and A LOT of stuff were gone. :(  Everything is pretty expensive, but I absolutely love their baked goods.
5 One word, MACARONS! This place has been by far, the best Macarons bakery shop I've encountered. Although it's a little on the pricey side, I say 6 macarons for $17.50 is all worth it in my pocket.  There about 7 macaron flavors total, which include: pistachio, vanilla, coffee, lemon, raspberry, chocolate, and one I can't seem to remember.  All were my favorite except the chocolate and coffee.  The vanilla one is extraordinarily delicious!   I haven't tried anything else besides the macarons, but by the judge of it....it looks like everything they serve is definitely an A in my book. I've been hearing especially good reviews about their TKO.  It's kind of a hidden place, it's right behind the escalators from when you first enter the Venetian through the parking garage.  Stop by if you get the chance, believe me it's all worth it.
4 Great selection of yum yums but came here specifically for the French macarons...  Which are HUGE, by the way, but pricey at $3 something per macaron.  As a self proclaimed macaron connoisseur, I have to say that Bouchon macarons are nice because they don't use jelly fillings.  I kind of hate jelly filled or jelly based fillings for macarons because they taste too sweet.  Bouchon macarons are of a buttercream persuasion, but not too buttery like others I have tasted in the Bay Area.  Perfect crunch, perfect chewiness, perfect light tasting filling.
4 Tucked right underneath the escalator at the Venetian, Bouchon Bakery is easy to miss. They have a good variety of breakfast pastries, macarons, and cupcakes. I liked my almond croissant alot. It was filled with almost paste, just the way I like it. My husband had the chocolate croissant although he said he expected it to wow him more. You know, Bouchon Bakery is part of the Thomas Keller empire after all. My husband did like their coffee alot.  As everyone else has said, the macarons are huge. I wasn't even that hungry for breakfast but had to get one to eat with my croissant. I ordered the coffee macaron but only later realized that I was given the chocolate macaron :/ The texture of the macaron was very good. Slightly crisp shell and soft in the inside.  Bouchon Bakery is a stand and does not have a seating area. So unless you are planning to bring your coffee and pastries back to your hotel room, I recommend taking them to the Grand Canal Shoppes area and sitting on one of the benches to enjoy your pastries and coffee while enjoying the canal views inside the Venetian.
5 SO HIDDEN! Located right under the escalators from the self-park parking lot towards the casino area in the Venetian. It's on the same level as the casino. I came here just for the macarons. I got the $17.50 package of all the flavors. There were all so good and pretty good for the price because it was pretty big. I really like the pistachio and the vanilla. I will come here again just for their macarons. The taste just as good as it smells!
4 recently tried their macarons that everyone raved about. The vanilla and coffee ones are absolutely delicious (out of the few other macarons that i've tried). but the chocolate one was really unimpressive, bf thought it tastes like a cheap costco brownie, which i agree. their very attractive carrot cake cookie was not that special either and so are the other pastries. so what makes bouchon above average? they were very generous in providing us cold water (not from the tap) in the middle of this desert and when we had no idea where to get a cheaper bottle of water yet. it's definitely a great place to grab quick snacks/dessert or a cheaper light lunch in vegas.
5 The 6 pack macarons for $17.50 is a great deal in my opinion! Those babies are huge! I had a total sugar high after eating 2 of those, which lead to quite the sugar crash. Oh yea, I also had an almond brioche to contribute to that sugar crash. Great brioche!   The croissants were probably the most disappointing - it's light and airy on the inside, but it was crunchy flaky on the outside.
3 Mmm..  I was kind of expecting a bit more for a place so popular for their macarons.. Yes the macarons are super big but also too chewy and too sweet for my taste. They also carry pretty limited flavors, only about 6 different ones. i had better so it's hard to love Bouchon Bakery.. but I suppose the macarons are still enjoyable, just don't have too high expectations.
5 MACARONS MACARONS MACARONS!  When you're in Vegas, do yourself a favor and go to the Venetian and get yourself a box of these macarons (maybe even two boxes). They're $17.50 for a total of 6 macarons. It might be a little pricier than most but they are delicious! They got the texture pretty perfect. Delicate flaky outside and chewy inside. YUM! My favorite was the coffee flavor (which I usually don't like in macarons but this one was excellent)!!  But I still think Euro Pane's salted caramel macaron is #1! I have yet to find one that beats that! although Chantilly comes close.  But this is a very close tie for 2nd! Get it get it get it!
5 Ironic that I'm giving Bouchon BAKERY such high marks, considering I am NOT a fan of Bouchon restaurant (eaten there twice and not impressed nor satisfied both times).  I have yet to try the MUCH reviewed macarons here. However, this is what I have tried:  1. Strawberry croissant...AWESOME. Fresh made strawberry jam inside a buttery, flaky croissant that's dusted with confectioner's sugar.. Not TOO sweet IMO and OH SO enjoyable.  2. Chocoloate Bouchon...Imagine the best brownie you ever ate, but more moist and less dense; then add some semi sweet chocolate chips in the middle, dust it off with some confectioner's sugar and you have a chocolate Bouchon. They clearly used a very high quality dark chocolate, could be a Valrhona 60%+ dark baking chocolate. Who knows? But I do know that I will be buying more of these bit sized treats.  3. Almond Brioche...The edges have a slightly stale and burnt taste to them. While some may prefer this texture and flavor combination, I did not. After discarding the edges, I was left with an amazing piece of soft and moist brioche bread with a wonderful almond paste and sliced almonds. I thoroughly enjoyed it.  4. Pretzel sticks...Personally, I love pretzels and pretzel bread. So while this was nothing special, I still enjoyed it quite a bit. If I could take it home and heat it up in the oven and dip it in some great mustard or cheese dip...then it would be GREAT!  There are still many things I plan to try soon, will update this as I try them.
5 Another place for delicious macarons! But the difference here is that they are massive compared to your usual quarter size macarons. These are about the size of my fist, and yes at $3+ may seem expensive, but think about the value. The smaller macarons cost around $1.25 - $2 at other places! At Bouchon Bakery, you can also get a package of 6 for $17.50 I believe, which is well worth the money. My favorite flavors are Pistachio and Chocolate. These even lasted a 4 hour car ride back to SoCal - although they were a little melted, they were still delicious. Bouchon macarons are my must haves when I'm in Vegas.
3 Had a coffee macaroon and a chocolate eclair. They were alright. Nothing to write home about. The macaroons are larger than your usual size, but since it didn't taste particularly good, $3.50 is still a rip off.
5 Vanilla Macaron, I LOVE YOU.   Always order a whole box of these when I come here.. they are simply delicious.   Besides macarons, I usually don't order anything else...   However, I did order the red velvet cupcake once and it was DELICIOUS. There was even cream cheese filling INSIDE the cupcake.. GENIUS!    A little hard to find because It's not directly facing the casino, but if you ask enough people.. they'll eventually lead you to the right place. Oh, it's also right outside the Tao Beach exit!
5 The macarons (not to be confused with macaroons) are the only bakery items that are gluten-free, but wow, are they amazing!! I bought a box to bring home to the kids after trying the vanilla one yesterday. Yummy, sugary heaven...
4 Yum, but expensive. Then again, it's Vegas. Things I've tried over a weekend:  Macaron (pistachio, raspberry, and vanilla): The order I listed the flavors in is how I would rate them.I was disappointed when I didn't see pistachio the next time I went (the main reason I went again), so I got the two other flavors and they weren't as good as the pistachio.  Banana nut muffin: Moist and flavorful. I prefer this one over the blueberry.  Blueberry muffin: It's alright.  Almond brioche toast: Good minus the crust lol  Red Velvet Cupcake: ate this the next day and it was still good and moist. I think it might be better than Sprinkles =X
4 Bouchon, I finally found you. I've been to Vegas how many times and I always seem to miss your macarons. I made it a point to find you this past trip. You offer expensive baked goods but the macaron variety pack is well worth the trip to the Venetian.    I paid $17.50 for 6 macarons (lemon, orange, strawberry, chocolate, coffee, and vanilla). My favorite was the lemon one - very refreshing. These macarons are huge - bigger than most macarons I've seen from other places. Unfortunately they didn't travel well. These are delicate cookies that almost didn't survive the heat and the flight. But I got them home and the edges were crumbly and the creamy filling had partially melted. But still, they tasted good. The case with the baked goods looked tempting - I would have gotten one of each if I had the space in my suitcase.
5 I haven't so far had any bad experiences with Bouchon.  I had on the first visit a yogurt parfait and a pistachio macaron.  They were superb (esp the macaron...lol)  Second time I went I had valrhona chocolate cupcake and a chocolate bouchon.    And Third time I had a lemon macaron.   So good.     All were superb.
1 I have to say, I love Bouchon in Napa Valley, that is actually where I first tried or heard of Bouchon, but this bakery in Vegas is AWFUL! Seriously, I have NEVER been treated more rudely or disrespectfully at ANY establishment.  This was such a big disappointment for me because I am crazy about Bouchon in Napa. Anytime I'm up there I will wake up early, drive way out of my way...anything to get some Bouchon treats!  I'm such a huge fan.  When I found out they had a location in Vegas I dragged my boyfriend and a few friends out to find it.  When we got to the bakery I was a little disappointed because it was a small stand with a smaller selection, not a full store, but still so excited to pick out some tasty treats and get one of Bouchon's amazing sandwiches.  I stood at the glass cabinet like a kid on Christmas and picked out 5-7 of my favorite pastries and then a sandwich and a latte for my boyfriend and I to share.  They asked if I wanted it toasted and I said yes.  I paid and then stood at the counter waiting for our drink and the toasted sandwich. The drink came fairly quickly.  But then we waited...and waited...and waited...and no one was paying attention to us.  It was like that section of the counter was invisible. There wasn't that much of a line so after a lengthy wait I walked around to the front of the counter again and asked about the status of the sandwich. She handed me one that was wrapped sitting on the counter and I noticed it was not warm, but thought maybe it had cooled off from sitting for so long.  We found some seats in the mall and I took a bite..COLD all the way through. This had not been toasted at all.  I LOVE these sandwiches warm so I went back and stood in line AGAIN like I was going to order something (only way to get someone's attention) and when I got to the counter asked the woman if she would mind toasting it because it did not feel toasted at all.  She took the sandwich from me and put it on the counter, looked at me, and then fished through some receipts on the counter and said "You didn't pay for this." ??!! I paid you, I bought all this stuff I'm holding! "No, you didn't pay for the sandwich, only the other stuff."  Apparently she forgot to ring up the sandwich and was now acting like I stole it. Really? I'm just trying to get a sandwich and some pastries, she made a mistake, and now I'm a criminal.  Outrageous.  I didn't notice that she forgot to ring it up because I purchased so many small items that my bill added up to $40-$50 and it seemed like the right amount!! She didn't even apologize for her mistake, I would have paid the extra, but she acted like I was trying to rob them so I just threw my hands up and walked away with the pastries I purchased to find lunch somewhere else.  This is why I will never go back to THIS LOCATION.  I was treated like a criminal, service was incredibly slow, and the staff was just plain rude.  There are plenty of other amazing places to get pastries in Vegas where you will actually be treated with respect.
3 Me (talking to the bf before his friend's bachelor weekend in Vegas): Have fun! Get drunk, go to clubs, strip clubs, gamble and all that. Just please do me ONE favor......bring back macarons from Bouchon. :)  And that was how I got try try Bouchon's macarons for the first time.   I've been loving me some macarons lately. But am I crazy or are they all super small? Not at Bouchon! These are the biggest macarons I've tried. And even though they did make it home a bit smashed they were still really good. Best flavor...Pistachio. Who woulda thought? All other flavors were good, but pistachio definitely the most flavorful.   A bit pricey, but I'll have to visit there myself and try other things to let you know if its worth it.
4 i was a macaroon virgin until i went to vegas and im SO glad that i got to try my first macaroon at Bouchon! albeit a bit pricey ($3.50) for a piece, id say that its good for a nice dessert or nibble while youre walking through the casinos. the exterior is a little crunchy and the inside is soo soft and chewy!! mmm!   pistachio for the win!
5 Love their macaroons! Always get it when I come to vegas! =)
5 I LOVE MACARONS!!!!!!!   and bouchon has one of the best i've ever had...i love the pistachio, raspberry and vanilla. mmmmm...  i wish i had a dozen or few dozens w/ me now :( lol
5 Thomas Keller, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. 1. Macarons 2. Macarons 3. Macarons  See where this is going? Ok, Bouchon doesn't just make macarons, but I think it's written in the TK bible that you cannot leave Bouchon bakery without a macaron. It would be, dare I say, blasphemous.   It's true, the macarons are larger than the standard button-sized ones sold elsewhere but quality isn't compromised. I haven't had macarons from many different places and have yet to have a bad one, however Bouchon's set the bar for flavor, texture and dreaminess. Yes, the macarons are dreamy-so dreamy you might find yourself proposing to them. Yes, they are $3.50 a piece, but how about you try making these magical cookies at home and let me know if $3.50 seems too much to you.   I haven't had anything else from here, so my assessment is a little (a lot) macaron biased, but they do have good coffee as well. I went once in the morning and the line was about 45 deep, but the staff was friendly and moved us through quick. The bakery has an assortment of French classic pastries-sweet and savory as well as cookies, tarts and other goodies that will make your dentist shake her head at you.  Bouchon, I will be back. And I will always be ready to clean you out of your macaron selection.
4 first had my taste of bouchon while staying at the venetian.. how convenient that this amazing kiosk of goodies is next to the elevators?   tried.. -choc bouchons  -choc tarts -tko -carrot cake cookie  -macarons im sure i had a few more things but dont remember them.. they were all oh so delicious  on my next trip, i was in vegas for a convention and on the last night i made sure to take a lil trip here to pick up a box of goodies.. did i really just spend $50+? yes, i did! sooo worth it.. i want some more of you now!
4 I love macaroons so much, I spent $17.50 on 6 macaroons. That was probably the most I spent on anything my entire weekend in Vegas aside from my flight and hotel. What was I thinking?! Well let me tell you... it was DELICIOUS and worth every penny I paid. I think I will go back for another 6 the next time I'm close to a Bouchon bakery.   I enjoy their macaroons the most because they're sweet, but not over the top. I get a great taste without the pure sugar overpowering the flavor of the macaroon. I tried the pistachio, chocolate, lemon, vanilla, and coffee. Pistachio and chocolate were my favorite.  Their chocolate croissant was delicious. Buttery, light, and flaky. I LOVE flaky croissants even without reheating it! AH HEAVEN.   I also got myself a "forgetaboutchu" (?? I forgot), which was alright. It was chewy, salty ,and sweet... Caramel, chocolate, nuts, sea salt. Meh, that $3.25 coulda went towards another macaroon.
4 Bouchon Bakery, tucked under an escalator at the Venetian, can be a bit of a letdown upon first glance. You might wonder where the ovens are when you first witness this pretty standard-looking mall stand flogging high-end pastries. However, disappointment subsides when actually eating said pastries. Taken aback by the nearly four dollar asking price for their plain croissants, I chipped in an extra quarter for the almond version and did not regret it. My wife's ham sandwich was also quite good. The coffee wasn't great, but it was better than the strange brew that passes at most places around the Strip. You might have guessed from my review that the bakery is pricey, but it's not outrageously so, once you consider the location.
1 First, this is a very small stand with no tables. Second, the cake I bought was dry and not fresh. Maybe it was better on the morning, but I could not finish it and threw it away. My mom is a professional baker, so I am a little spoiled, but this one is definitely not a 4-star bakery.
2 Tried their macarons, wasn't impressed (and given the number of raving reviews here I'd say I was disappointed).
4 Had lunch there on Saturday.  It was very good.
4 I love macarons so I definitely had to try this place. I got their box of 6 for $17.50, which I thought was a reasonable price considering these are almost twice the size of ones you would find elsewhere. I also wanted to get the seasonal orange one, but I had my work cut out for me just eating those 6 alone. I actually didn't eat them as soon as I bought them, I refrigerated a few of them for about a day and they were still amazing! They were crisp on the outside and slightly doughy in the middle. They weren't overly sweet either. My favorite was probably either the pistachio or coffee flavored ones.   I also got the red velvet cupcake, since so many others seemed to really like it. I didn't care for it that much. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The cupcake is hollowed out and filled with their cream cheese frosting and it was just a bit too much frosting for me. The cake itself is very moist though.  Next time I'm in the area, I'll end up stopping by, but mainly for the macarons. Yum!
5 Pastries at this location is just as good as the one in NYC. :)
5 Didn't know to try the macaroons.  Just read the other reviews.  Will do next time. I  thought I found this unknown gem.  Everything looks delish.  Carrot cake cookies, blueberry muffins, strawberry croissants.  I had the almond brioche and a cup of coffee.  Perfect.  The brioche is not heavy or too sweet.  Bring a big stomach or big crowd to try it all.  Don't miss it.  It is hidden around and under the escalator.  Enjoy.
5 Amazing.  Their macarons seriously rival Pierre Herme's in Paris.  That's all I have to say.    You MUST visit this place if you are in Vegas.  It's a hidden gem.
5 Awesome!  The sandwiches was simple and tasty.
3 like the fruit tarts but nothing is gluten free
5 This place is one of the reason why I want to stay in Vegas longer.  I came here for 3 days 2 night, and this is totally not enough for a first time visitor. I love sin city, and I love bouchon bakery!!!!!  The macaron is so tasty and I bought something that looked like cream puff, wiiiiiiii I love eat!   I have very sweet teeth, and I love all their macaron!!!!  The cashier was super nice too!!! Always being so caring.
5 Almost hidden, this place is well worth the search. The macarons are very good (the pistachio and chocolate were exquisitely made and the quality of the ingredients shined in every bite). They are expensive ($4+ each) but they are of the 'large' variety and any sane person would be completely satiated with just one (i of course had to have 3...).   The only thing I had here that i didn't completely enjoy was the 'nutter butter' sandwich cookie..i will not blame Bouchon Bakery for this however as I had no business ordering this type of American style/flavor treat here. If i truly wanted a nutter butter i should have gone to 7-11 convenience store.   Highly recommend. Another tip: there is NO better dinner party, housewarming, or 'i was thinking of you' gift than a box of macarons (*hint* to any of my friends that may be reading this).
5 I've really only been here for their macaroons and, really, if that's the only reason this place exists, it's a good one.  Though pricey, they taste delicious no matter what flavor you get. They're made to perfection.  And from what I can tell, their other pastries aren't bad either.
5 Their macarons are fantastic - I highly recommend the raspberry. These were the best macaroons I had in Vegas (and I tried them at about four places).
4 Note: Hard to find, but in the Venetian Casino underneath the stairway before you enter the Casino!  If they have any left... their cheesecake is the best, comes in a cute little individual sized cup-- super creamy and not the baked kind. Stop by for a little sweet-- they have croissants, peanut brittle, macarons (yummy and a great selection!), their signature bouchon brownies and madelines among others.   Prices weren't too bad if you don't get a macaron, they had HUGE cupcakes for only $3.50-- really, compared to some places that i've seen this is quite a steal. The were seriously HUGE!  Macarons were about $4.00 each I think!
4 It doesn't help that I pass by this place everyday.  So far, I loved their carrot cake cookie and coffee macaroon.  I also liked their chocolate almond croissant.. delish.  I wasn't too crazy about their vanilla flavored macaroon since the vanilla flavor was barely discernible.  Before I leave Vegas, I will probably have a few more samplings of their baked goodies.  I just wish their macaroons were slighly cheaper!
4 Here's how I would rate their baked goods:  carrot cake cookies macarons: pistacchio, chocolate, coffee, orange, raspberry, and then vanilla bread pudding chocolate chip cookies (5.75 for the 3-pack is a bargain compared to the rest) ham and cheese croissant (great croissant!)
4 I stopped here by chance since we were staying at the Venetian and didn't have time to have a sit down lunch that day. My original plan of getting just a sandwich turned into a sandwich, a raspberry macaroon(which was surprising because I swore I'd never have another one after my first taste of one from Jean Phillipe), a la madeleine, and a cup of fresh squeezed orange juice.    The orange juice was ok.  It had no pulp which always makes me question whether it really is "fresh squeezed" but it tasted fine.  My sandwich, turkey in a sweet twisted bread was incredible.  I'd say that's the best sandwich I've had in my life.   The best part of the entire meal though was definitely the raspberry macaroon.  Like I said, I swore against all macaroons for eternity but they just looked so pretty and scrumptious that I caved.  One of the best decisions of my life.  That cookie was everything that I imagined macaroons would be like and more. The outside slightly crunchy with a soft, moist center that just makes you so happy you decided not to share.  I couldn't shut up about this cookie and thank goodness there are a couple locations here in CA so I won't have to wait to go to Vegas every time I'm craving the macaroons.
4 After a long night in Vegas I was craving something super yummy and I found it at the Bouchon Bakery.  Their Focaccia Bread was amazing!!! It was topped with pesto, tomato and feta. It was perfectly savory and went really well with the delicious coffee that they serve there. The bakery is a great little breakfast place if you don't want to deal with the long wait at the actual Bouchon restaurant.  Other tasty morsels included their Apple Croissant,  Pain Au Chocolate (chocolate croissant) and their veggie bread.
5 While this is just a walk-up stand inside the Venetian, everything is delicious!  It's my go-to breakfast spot in Vegas.  The pastries taste even better than they look.  The lunch sandwiches and desserts are all good too!
5 There isn't a better latte to be found in Las Vegas.  Add in their delectable pastries (oh, how I love the macarons) and you've got a perfect afternoon pick-me-up.  They also have sandwiches, which also makes it a pretty good lunch option (especially if you're there on business and thus sprinting around trying to get somewhere on time).    On my last visit, they had a maple spice latte that I can't get out of my head.  It was nicely balanced, not too sweet, with just the right amount of maple.  Don't buy this if you like the pumpkin spice latte at Starbucks: you'll never be able to drink Starbucks again after experiencing what a great coffee can really taste like.  This can be a little bit hard to find.  It's tucked away in the Venetian, near the Phantom Theatre.  You can't see it until you're nearly on top of it.  But keep on walking until you find it, because it's totally worth the visit.
3 Red velvet cake was ok, the frosting in the middle was overkill.  The ham and cheese sandwich hit the spot, warmed up it was delicious and the bread was perfect.  It's overpriced, like all of Vegas, but the sandwich is one of the healthier options and you can get fresh fruit there too.
4 Bouchon Bakery has been an obsession of mine lately.  Namely, I'm obsessed with their cupcakes (and I am not a fan of the trendy cupcake movement).  My latest visit came after a one-month, self-imposed sugar ban.  And, because I love these trendy little cakes so much, I chose to break my fast on a Bouchon chocolate cupcake!  The basis for my obsession is that the frosting will not put you into a diabetic coma.  The sweetness is doable. Further, the chocolate frosting tastes more like a mousse, less like a birthday cake.   If I wanted a cupcake that tastes like birthday cake, I'll make it myself (and you do not want to see me bake...scary).  And, at $3.50, these are a pretty good deal -- smaller, less delicious cupcakes in Las Vegas can be had for $2.50.  The selection, however, is limited--I've only ever seen chocolate and red velvet.  Both are good.  Bouchon Bakery is a great way to experience Thomas Keller without dropping a few hundred at his restaurant upstairs.  I do wish they'd serve up some tables though! What is up with that!?! Come on!
4 Ah, Bouchon Bakery, always a bright spot in my Vegas trips. Multiple times I drag myself here to buy a set of assorted Macarons for my airplane trip back to the bay, and each time the Macarons hit the spot. Soft and perfectly sweet (fabulous with an Americano), the macarons are perfectly sized and chewy, not too soft, not too hard.   No matter what it is, you can be sure that the pastries are fresh and as tasty as you remember them. I've had the brownies, gingersnaps, and Chocolate Croissants and as well, and they were all pretty awesome.   I mean, what negative things can you really say about chocolate, sugar, and butter? :)  See you next time, Bouchon! :)
5 Macarons! Macarons! Macarons! (Let's all chant it together...admit it, it's the reason you stopped by Bouchon Bakery too.)  Made a last minute stop here before leaving the strip and HAD to get the Macaron assortment (one each of the Chocolate, Coffee, Vanilla, Pumpkin, Pistachio & Raspberry), along with the TKO (homemade "oreo"), Chocolate Croissant, Chocolate Chip Cookie and Hot Mocha. Everything was HEAVENLY.   The Raspberry Macaron was by far, my favorite of the 6, followed by the Pumpkin and Chocolate. Like all Macaron lovers, I'm pretty picky about them (I'm a fan of the ones from 'lette) and these had the perfect "chew", flavor and shell :) Next was the TKO....and yup, it was a winner! Seriously, every bite was sinfully good. It was ten times better than a real Oreo (yes, it's possible!)   I've been on the hunt for the perfect chocolate chip cookie and Bouchon helped me get one step closer to finding it! It was wonderfully chewy and full of rich, quality chocolate...soooooo good!  This is definitely going to be a Vegas staple for me in the future. I will be dreaming about TKO's and their Raspberry Macarons till then mmmmm....
4 Their chocolate cupcake was AMAZING. So rich and decadent. Their macarons were pretty good for the price of $3.50 each. And I have to say the fillings for the macarons definitely had a lot of flavor to it! It's certainly is a hidden gem!
5 When in Vegas, I always make sure to make a pit stop at Bouchon Bakery. I originally started coming here for their namesake dessert - the chocolate bouchons - tasty brownie bites shaped like corks or bouchons. On my most recent trip, I discovered more tasty treats.  The macarons are perfect french meringue cookies that are light, crisp, filled and oh so delish. My daughter and I both love the chocolate flavor while the hubbs likes the pistachio flavor.   Also, Bouchon's croissants are baked to perfection. We tried both the pain au chocolate and a special flavor, almond chocolate. Talk about flaky, chocolatey perfection.   Don't forget to bring home some of the homemade preserves that they serve at the restaurant. These change seasonally and make a great souvenir gift!
4 I really like the TKO but you have to eat them right away because they get funky and the filling turns yellow after sitting out for a few hours. The macarons are good but I wish they would make them half the size and half the price so I could eat more flavors. I like to try different flavors but I don't think I can eat more than one without getting sick.  Plus if you don't like a flavor (I didn't like the chocolate) then you feel guilty about throwing away a $4 macaron. I'm a dark chocolate lover, but the flavor just seemed way too intense for a macaron. I also tried...  Blueberry Financier - ehh, it's ok, but the plain almond one was way better. Too bad they don't have it right now.   Apple Croissant - Amazing, esp if you love apple crisp or Dutch apple pie. Make sure they toast it for you on the panini press.  Almond Chocolate Croissant. - It's pretty good, but the chocolate dominated the hell out of the marzipan, their regular almond croissant is better, but they don't have it there now.  Bouchons - INSANELY DELICIOUS. I always buy a package of 6 for $10 and take them home and bake them in my toaster oven for a couple minutes. They get kind of crisp on the outside and very soft and melty inside. They are very high in fat, so I put a wad of paper towel under when I bake them. It's always soaked with grease so I figure I can eat more because I am sparing myself a lot of fat grams, lol!  I'm dying to try their HoHo or choc tart next time  Oh and for the CUPCAKE lovers, get your Red Velvet Cupcake to go from the restaurant, for some reason it was waaaay better than the one in the bakery case.
5 Croissants and Lattes are pretty darn good.  It's not Paris (the real one) but you won't be disappointed.
4 It's all about the ham and cheese sandwich and the chocolate almond croissant. I've been to the Yountville Bouchon bakery and the Columbus (NYC) Circle one. I've got to say though, Yountville Bouchon still has the best quality. The wait for this one though isn't as bad but the selection isn't as big.   If you ever get a chance, visit Yountville Bouchon Bakery and be amazed.
4 VERY Yummy! I was so happy to see Bouchon Bakery as soon as I hoped off the elevator this morning. I paid them a visit, twice :) The bread pudding was SO good and the chocolate Bouchon amazing! What a nice treat this morning, accompanied by a non fat latte. Later in the day I had another and tried a double chocolate cookie, everything looked amazing. This is the perfect place for breakfast or a tasty treat. I can't wait to try Bouchon next time I'm in town. I wanted to order one of everything to bring home with me. Fabulous!
5 The best thing about staying at the Venetian. Right outside the guest elevator lobby, this place has amazing pastries and coffee--perfect to re-energize you after a long, sleepless night on the strip.   If you are ever swing by during the holidays, I'd recommend getting the pumpkin macarons. Seriously the best pumpkin dessert I have ever had. The balance of creamy pumpkin and zingy spices was absolutely perfect. Give me a box of those and I'll be one happy lady.
4 I know there's a million reviews here, but I have to write something for my Vegas list. I only had the macarons here and that's really all I need. We stayed at the Venetian, so it was a really easy trip down to the lobby, passed by beautiful Phantom and boom, Bouchon bakery. Not to be confused with the actual bistro upstairs. I love Thomas Keller's stuff, and this is a cheaper way to experience his food. Seriously. He's not the biggest dessert guy, but he is very particular with his food, so it can't be bad.   The macarons are HUGE and typical me bought a box of 6 different flavors. I spread the love of course because I'm pretty sure I'd get a stomach ache from all that sugar. The lemon one was surprisingly delicious (not usually a lemon fan) and I've heard good things about the pistachio even though they didn't have it the day I went :(
2 We all know about Bouchon-at least us Bay Area folks do,  and this review is not for the food but for the ASS service and ASS latte i got here yesterday morning for the lovely price of $5.25.   The bread is slamming, but seriously, learn to make a fucking decent latte. When someone asks for extra foam and you give them a latte with NO Foam and said person says I asked for foam and your reaction is to pour out 1/4 of the latte to ADD foam, you best realize you are pouring out the ESPRESSO I paid for. They were not happy that I told then to remake the whole thing, but for serious, learn to make a fucking latte.    ***** Upping to 2.5 stars. Lovely husband went down this am and got a triple shot latte for me with extra foam and it was better, not great. Maybe it is because he is cuter than me!
5 Bouchon creates the best macarons I've tried to date, and by FAR the best on the strip.  And I've tried macarons from Sweet Factory and Payard and they simply do not compare.  They're huge -- like the size of 3 regular macarons (and priced to match!) but the flavor and texture are on point.  I generally am not a fan of fruit flavored macarons but I love the raspberry flavors here; those, along with pistachio and vanilla are my go-to's.  Their vanilla eclairs are yummy too.  I recommend snagging tickets to Phantom and then munching on a couple of these afterwards!
4 I only got a chocolate croissant and orange juice here, but both were very yummy! The location of it is a blessing and a curse: it's right at the base of the guest elevators, so it makes it easy to get to in the morning... but that also makes it crowded. Luckily, my husband and I were able to get in line before a group of 30 people descended on the place. I felt bad for the people behind them, they were going to have a very long wait!
3 I was expecting a sitdown bakery when I went to Bouchon :(  It's sort of like a fancy starbucks instead.  Our mocha, 2 ham/cheese crossaints, 1 chocolate crossaint, and carrot cake cookie, and macaroon came to $32!! And there's no place to sit once you have your goodies.    Everything was tasty, just overpriced for what you get.
2 Not too impressed. Their mocha was so-so, and the macarons are huge, but not quite up to par. We got:  Pistachio: The pistachio flavor was good, but the cream inside was oily and not good at all.  Vanilla: Fake vanilla taste, almost coconutty and not good at all.  Coffee: Not bad, pretty normal.   Overall, I would definitely rather go to other places (like Payard) for macarons, but I guess drinks are good enough.
4 I first read about Bouchon a few months ago while perusing the blog of a really awesome food blogger.  Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, so I figured I'd start my day properly with a visit to Bouchon Bakery.  I didn't feel like blowing my funds on a full sit-down brunch, so the bakery downstairs was the next best thing.  Not to say that the bakery is cheap (omfg, Porto's in LA...) but it's a more thrifty alternative.   We picked up a tomato/feta focaccia (which the server offered to warm up for us) and banana walnut muffin.  Both were delicious.  The muffin was moist and not too sweet; the focaccia was savory and tasty. Nothing fancy, but the quality was more or less there.  One day, I think I'll actually venture up into the restaurant... but for my first Vegas trip, the bakery would suffice. :)  If you're passing through the Venetian, go ahead and pick up a snack while you browse the interesting and eclectic assortment of goods that you probably can't afford.
4 I discovered this place when I was in Vegas, craving macarons.  My first visit in early June was filled with surprise, the macaron were twice the size of a regular macaron! And, when I took my first bite, I fell in love. The macaron was crispy yet airy on the inside, and chewy filled with delicious cream in the middle. The macaron was absolutely perfect, and I had no complaints about it.   However, when I visited Bouchon again this week, I was disappointed in the size of the macarons. Their macaron size now is very inconsistent, some were larger than others, and overall, the macarons had shrunk. When I ordered a box back in June, all the macarons were in perfect uniformity. Now, some were small, while other flavors were larger.  I also tried the turkey sandwich, and fell in love. The bread has cranberries/raisins, and when toasted, it was a perfect complement to the turkey and brie cheese. I got this sandwich every morning and am still not sick of it.  I plan on trying the other pastries when I visit Las Vegas again, but I hope that the macarons will not disappoint. Thank goodness the macarons still taste the same...
4 Tasty treats and good sandwiches.
4 yummy macaroons! not the best, but they are pretty good. if you get the box of 6, you get a bit of discount. also, these macaroons are huge!
5 Bouchon Bakery is a little coffee and bakery kiosk inside The Venetian. It took a while to find this place inside hotel's casino level, because the directions were not exactly clear. Anyway, it was worth the scavenger hunt to find this little treasure.   The pastries and coffees are a little on the pricey side; but hey, it's Las Vegas! Delicious, flaky, buttery Chocolate Croissants. The Macaroons are just as heavenly too. They're light, airy, and not uber sweet. The coffee is on the strong side.   Well, I can see why Bouchon Bakery is a Foodie destination on the Las Vegas Strip. It's worth it to stop by to grab a little something to munch on while hotel hopping.
2 For a breakfast restaurant located in the beautiful Las Vegas Venetian Hotel, I expected much, much better.  Although this particular day didn't seem to be a busy day for the hotel, we found Bouchon extremely busy. Hmm, that would normally indicate a top notch restaurant, eh?  Our wait?  It was about 45-50 minutes,,, so naturally I was expecting some really top notch food to be coming. In fact, I was really counting on having some gourmet waffles this particular morning! Well, would you believe it, this place actually ran out of waffles!!! How do you run out of waffles? Sure, perhaps a restaurant could run out of frozen Lego waffles, but I would expect THIS restaurant to be making their own fresh waffles- which you should NEVER run out of!  Unbelievable... it's just flour, eggs, sugar, milk... not much required!  I got no excuses, just "we're out".  Okaaaay... well, after I got over the fact they ran out of waffles, I ordered some really basic pouched eggs (which I expected to arrive in front of me tout de suite).  Nope, I was once again extremely disappointed!!!  Delivery of our basic food order was incredibly slow - making our whole experience at Bouchon a huge time waster during an otherwise beautiful morning.  Solution?  Well, for the rest of our stay at the Venetian we boycotted Bouchon and had some great fast and delicious breakfast meals at the Food Court... which is the place to go if you don't want the hassles you might be subjected to at Bouchon.  Perhaps the test is to ask how long your wait will be at Bouchon and then judge... good luck! :)
3 After the long wait, I finally reached this place with my gf. The first thing that surprised me was that this place was a small stand, rather than a shop itself. I was a bit bummed. The pastries didn't look all that either. Ay other care or even a planera is much better. We ordered a vanilla and eggnog macaron along with their red velvet cupcake.   The macarons are large in size for $3.50 and didn't have an eye popping flavor or bite to it. I prefer Paulette's up in SF. The cupcake was in cool temp that the cake was stiff and the frosting sucked. Something unique with it was the inside filling of cream cheese. It compared to whole foods cupcake lol.  Bottom line, this place is over rated I feel. This is nothing toooo special. I won't be coming back.
4 Giant delicious macroons, amongst other delicious baked treats. Their brownie bites taste like the ones from Sugarbowl bakery, but their macaroons are to die for! It's a little bit hard to find, since it is not located in the vicinity of Bouchon; it is actually a small bakery counter near the escalators by the Phantom theater.   They offer an interesting array of macaroon flavors like egg nog, latte, pistachio, wild berry; however, the flavors are not equally good. I have personally like the deeper, richer flavors of the berry and eggnog macaroons. I have definitely had better macaroons elsewhere but the ones here are definitely too good to pass up!
4 This kiosk is located on the ground floor of the The Venetian and is great spot to make a pitstop in the morning for a Soy Chai Latte and a fabulous assortment of pastries, macaroons, cupcakes, cookies, and more.   Prices are comparable to major chain coffee shops.
5 Everytime I go to Vegas, I have to resist the urge to stop by here and buy their display case. Everything looks so good!!!  As DIFFICULT as this is, however, I have decided to restrain myself. I plan on trying their assortment in moderation. That can only mean more Vegas trips for me, woohoo!  Thus far, I've tried their red velvet cupcake, a vanilla macaron, and of course, a few TKOs. Red velvet cupcake was good, but not the best I've had. The vanilla macaron, however, is one of the best I've had. They have the textures down nicely and a well-thought out balance of flavor. Not too subtle or overpowering. JUST right, which I can appreciate.  As for the TKO, I can tell you the exact setting of where I was when I last bit into one. The memory will stay with me forever. I had to stop walking in order to savor the moment. *pauses to think back...* Anyways, the filling cream inside is a soft pillow of sweetness that melds perfectly with the decadent, chocolate cookie. It's a definite must-try.  As for the coffee, it's good. Too sweet for my taste, but it's not bad. Nothing out of this world either. It won't hurt as an accompaniment to the delectable pastries in store for you here though!
5 omfg i LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.. parisan macaron's are GINORMOUS and SO cheap.  I loved the pistachio macarons and raspberry macarons!!! The bakery was located right below from where i was staying in the venentian.    If you ever go to New York or Las Vegas, you HAVE to try this place.. i can't wait for the next time i go to las vegas cause my mouth is watering just thinking about those ginormous macarons.  Until then i guess i'll just have to pay for overpriced tiny ass macarons :(.  Til we meet again sweet airy delicious macarons.   PST.. my cousin tried to eclairs  and she said they were pretty good.  If that's the case, going to the actual store is going to be on my to do list!
4 We had a few pastries, yummy pistachio macaroons and delicious sandwiches. If you're staying at the Venetian this little stand is so conveniently placed! My only peeve is that I think the hours should be longer. A few times we went down to try and get something but it was closed! I could see myself needing a trip to this stand every time I come to Vegas.
4 My boyfriend & I actually got lost trying to find this place lol. It was worth it :)   Not only are the macarons huge, but they were light & delicious. Unfortunately my raspberry didn't taste light & delicious, but my favorites are pistachio & lemon!   If you're ever in the Venetian or if you're a macacron lover, you should stop by here before leaving Vegas!
4 Hidden behind the escalators, by the theatre in the Venetian!  Tastes just as yummy as the Bouchon Bakery location in Napa Valley/Yontville!  Delicious coffee, pastries and macaroons.  We decided to grab some breakfast at Bouchon Bakery because we figured it would be the quickest way to grab a decent breakfast.    Fav pastery so far is the chocolate croissant! DELICIOUS!
4 I am a fan of Thomas Keller. And I also have a thing for French Macarons! Enter Buchon Bakery of Las Vegas, NV.  Located in the casino level of the Venetian (under the escalators). You can find this one-stop shop infamous for their coffee, cakes and other carb-a-licious sweet goodies!  What did I try? - BOUCHON = the French term "bouchon," in English means "cork stopper" or "cork in the mouth of a wine bottle". In this case their "bouchon" was in the shape of a cork but in a cupcake form since it was a mini-brownie! This was VERY delightful! (emphasis on the VERY) In fact, the bouchon was soft and moist, chocolate-y, yet not over-powering. There was a touch of powdered sugar and for ($2) for one of these, you better savor the scrumptiousness! It was very heavenly!  - FRENCH MACARONS = I bought the to-go set (for $17.50), which includes all 6 flavors of their French macarons. They have chocolate, espresso, pistachio, strawberry, lemon and vanilla. ESPRESSO was my favorite out of all of them!  - CROISSANT = simple, buttery, flaky and couldn't stop myself from eating this! Caution for some of those buttery flakes falling upon your self! Word of advice: don't leave the evidence laying around!  - BREAD PUDDING = was very delightful! Filled with some custard, cinnamon, raisins and apples, this dish was very well put together! If you left me alone with this, it can be quite dangerous! I'm glad I shared!  - VEGGIE BREAD = made with fresh tomatoes and greens. It also had olives, pinenuts and delicious cheese! It tastes even better when TOASTED! (FYI = if toasted, expect to wait 3-4 minutes for it to be complete). But overall, even though I'm not vegetarian, I'd opt for this again!  Overall thought? Awesome with a capital "A"!!! I was a carb-fix so I did not sample the coffee. But there were lines of people who were ordering the stuff! Service was quick and it was nice that they were able to toast the veggie bread! The next time I visit here I'll be sampling the cup of joe with an espresso-flavored French macaron! Until next time my sweet, carb-a-licious bakery, I am forever a fan!
3 Had a soy latte, the carrot cookie sandwich and a cheese danish. Yep. All for my 5000 calorie breakfast.  I had high hopes for this place but the baristas there were very unfriendly and seemed inpatient when I wanted to order additional items.  Carrot cookie, too sweet for my liking Cheese Danish, amazing crust Soy Latte, Mehhh  They do have Bouchon plastered on all the coffee cups and paper bags, seems a bit too touristy for me. Yes, when a tourist says this its too much!
4 I'm a Keller-phile so a stop at Bouchon Bakery is necessary.  Best macarons ever.  I was hemming and hawing about which flavor to get when my sweet fianc gently asked me who I was kidding.  I rolled my eyes and asked for the box of 6 assorted flavors.  They're huge.  They're perfect.    Caramel, Chocolate, and Vanilla are my favorites but the Raspberry, Pistachio and Coffee are delectable too.  The flavors aren't as inventive as some larger bakeries with more offerings but between the chewy texture and the sumptuous buttercream, these are hard to beat.  One star revoked for the size, limited offerings, and tricky location (under the elevator near the theater.)
5 The best macaroons ever made! The pistachio macaroons are so wonderful. Actually all of the pastries that I've eaten there, has been terrific!
5 Like many other reviewers have stated: the macaroons are amazing. Don't miss this stop in Las Vegas!
5 Oh man....MACAROON city! They are huge here! And for $3.50 was actually pleasently surprised at the price. Most places will charge you that for a small one. I purchased the Raspberry....a small bottle of champagne and was on my way. Holy deliciousness! The raspberry filling had REAL raspberry inside....seeds and all! It was probably one of THE best Macaroons I have ever had. Everything in the display case looked amazing and the staff was super helpful in answering my questions of which Macaroon is ' best' haha. I literally had this for dinner last night.....with no shame.
4 Despite all the reviews, I did not try a macaroon.  I had a chocolate croissant, which was flaky, light, delicious, fresh.   I had tried these at 2 other "strip area" coffee shops, and neither could hold a candle to this.  The espresso was very good as well.  Really no place to sit down here, I had to sit at a slot machine to eat.  You look at the pastry case and it takes you away, then you turn back and you are in the middle of tacky town.
3 The macaroons are always good here. In fact, I really wouldn't be surprised if everything else here was just as good too. However, when I came here last week to grab some macaroons for my gf's family, the service sucked a bit.   Now this is rating is lowered for the service, and I would've normally given this place four stars if it wasn't for the girl that helped us. Honestly, if you're going to help people, especially excited and eager people that are already sold on the product you offer, don't roll your eyes blatantly in front of us because we ordered more than three things. Especially when the macaroon sets are out and you visibly pouted because you had to put one together in a regular box on the spot.   I'm willing to give her the benefit of the doubt that maybe she was having a bad day, but I've worked in retail and having an attitude problem isn't the way to go. I mean, what the hell, we were saying sorry for the "trouble" and we really didn't have to do that.
5 Huge delicious macaroons!    I have tried like 5 other macaroon places in LA and still have not found any macaroons as big or as delicious as Bouchon Bakery.
5 so ive been seeing this fad in the culinary world about these darn macaroons...my bf and i decided on stay in vegas to find some to try and i heard bouchon bakery had great ones.  thank goodness i decided on this bakery to try my first macroons here...i tried the chocolate, pastachio, and caramel flavors. they are a bit pricey but worth it! the employee there gave me a coffee one when i originally asked for the caramel and before i left i made sure they gave me the correct one but of course they gave me the wrong one...so i told her i asked for the caramel not coffee...she gave me a look and gave me the caramel..never said sorry or anything. boo on customer service there. but on my last day of vacation in vegas...i couldnt resist to take some home....love the caramel one out of all them..and customer servicewas def improved bc it wasnt the same girl haha.  you should def come here for great macaroons!
5 bouchon macaroons. they are awesome. perfection. exquisite. delicate. sweet. amazing. there really aren't enough adjectives...and yet i could go on and on...  it's a little hard to find, given the massiveness of the venetian...head towards the phantom of the opera theater and it's tucked behind the escalators...  i wish i had one right now. so sad i don't.
3 Because I stayed at the Venetian, it was inevitable that I passed this place every time I left/went to the room. After seeing the good reviews on yelp I decided to give it a try. $17.50 or so for a box of about 6? A bit pricey, but what isn't in Vegas?   Out of all the flavors, I liked only the espresso one. It had a good amount of coffee taste to it, but not overwhelming. The filling used for these macarons are not overly sweet which tends to be the case with most places. But basically, all the other flavors with the exception of chocolate and espresso basically tasted to same to me. And maybe it was a bad batch, but out of the 6, I think half of them were hollow in the middle. Which is not how a properly made macaron should be.   The girl that helped us was a bit slow? But maybe it's been a long day.   Overall, they're alright. Not the best I've ever had. But if you must try something, I would definitely go for the espresso.
4 Hate when i end up here spending 35$ for a croissant and coffee.   $15 for some coffees and pastries and $20 Wheel of Fortune tax.
4 Stopped by to try their famous pastries and grabbed a quick sandwich while on the go. Ended up ordering their pork sandwich (panini style) perfectly pressed on a dutch crunch roll. We tried the coffee cake and the cheese danish. WOW oh WOW on the pastries!!! The Coffee cake is like no other I have had. Buttery and just the right amount of crisp on the top. The Cheese danish should have its own twitter page..That croissant was the lightest, buttery, creamy cheesy goodness one could ever have. Wow, I think I'm drueling alittle..Seriously try their pastries..You will not regret the $ or the calories! Its not in the most conspicuous location, but walk towards the Phantom area and its right by the escalator.
5 Generally speaking, I don't get cravings for sweets and desserts like how I do with  pho and ramen.  If I were to ever get the urge though, there's a pretty good chance it would be for a delicious, French macaron.  Well, other than ice cream of course.  Or a fresh, homemade chocolate chip cookie.  A thin one, with slightly crisp edges, a golden brown bottom, and a soft, chewy center with plenty of melted chocolate chips.  Yeaaaaahhhhh, that'd be good....wait, what was I talking about?  While most French bakeries offer up smaller, near bite-sized macarons, I love how Bouchon's are almost the size of your palm.  Even though that means you pay a little more for each cookie, it also means you have that much more to enjoy.  And enjoy you will, with a light, crisp exterior sandwiching a sweet and chewy filling.  Although I've yet to try the Pistacio flavor myself, I've heard plenty of good things about it from friends.  For me, my favorite has been their Espresso Macaron - loaded with a rich, coffee flavor, it won me over after just one bite.  Since this Bouchon Bakery is really more of an outlet/coffee stand in the Venetian (by the theater), the selection is smaller compared to what their actual "bakery" locations can offer.  However, it still tastes just as good, and that's what matters most, right?  After all, if you start to crave a macaron, it's better to be stuck choosing from just a few varieties than to not have any to choose from at all!
5 Pistachio Macarons!!! Need I say more?
5 So, imagine you're me: you think any meal after noon no longer has the right to call itself brunch, you've been known to get hangry (hungry+angry) even when well rested, hangover-free, and in your own time zone and consequently you ALWAYS pre-breakfast before meeting friends for brunch, and you're the only person in your group of friends on Eastern Standard Time. The "Let's meet downstairs at 11am on a Saturday" plan is not going to work for you. Enter Bouchon Bakery.  Open 6 am to 9 pm every day of the week, Bouchon Bakery presents the opportunity to grab a snack the night before, or offers you a destination in the morning when you are inevitably awake before everyone else. Craving something sweet? Go for the decadent sticky-bun. Want something a little more basic? An epi-baguette with butter and jam will stave off hunger until it's time for brunch. Flying Southwest (no meals) at an ungodly hour Sunday? Grab a ham and cheese croissant and laugh at the people eating the pathetic airport offerings.  Also good: the raspberry filled "beignets" (they're not beignets--they're regular donuts, but they are super delicious), the macarons (especially caramel), the almond toffee and the shortbread cookies (the latter two make a particularly nice present for your significant other that hates cheap crap like magnets and key chains).  As I'm sure others have mentioned, it's not cheap, but nothing is in Las Vegas. At least the expense doesn't come with a long wait. It's notable that it isn't anywhere near the Bouchon restaurant. You'll find the bakery on the first floor of the Venetian, under some escalators, which isn't very descriptive, I know, but just find someone in a security uniform and ask for directions. They are all really helpful.
4 With all the bakeries/pastry shops in Las Vegas with their extravagant display (ie: Jean Philippe Patisserie), you'd think a small behind the escalator counter would be floundering...but not Bouchon. Obviously this little boulangerie isn't just a mom and pop shop...it's owned by the famous Thomas Keller! Need I speak more? But who cares about the background....on to the goods!  The selection is pretty small, but decent for the shop's size.  There are macarons (of course), cupcakes, tarts..etc. I had a couple macarons (raspberry and chocolate), both of which are aahhhhhmazing--couldn't ask for anything else. Really, macarons just make you feel like you should be living like royalty  la Marie Antoinette without the head-getting-chopped-off part. GASP.   Wished they had friendlier service--though maybe my server was just having a bad day (you never know). Also wished they had a one or two tables/chairs to sit on. Other than that... Yumz.
2 I wish I could give Bouchon Bakery a better review, especially after our ecstatic meal at Bouchon the night before, but it sorta sucked.  I like the cute little stand hidden away from everything else (just enter the Venetian and keep walking back and back from the casino floor), not a fan of the lack of seating (the food court is just upstairs and down a hallway a bit though).  We had vanilla and pistachio macarons and some other small pastry.    Macarons were hard on the outside and the filling was cloying- they'd been sitting for too long, perhaps?  Big, which is nice, but ugh, CHEWY.  Not a word I want with my lighter than air cookies.  Two stars because I have hopes and I really did enjoy Bouchon.  And the other pastries looked like they could be OK or even good.
4 "CARROT CAKE WHOOPIE PIE!!!"   That's right Michelle T, I'm stealing another one of your openings. Whatcha gonna do about it, punk?   This Bouchon Bakery is located at the Venetian Hotel, right underneath an escalator. In reality, this is not really a bakery but more of a small stand that sells Bouchon pastries. It's no bigger than a Starbucks you'd find inside a grocery store. Even though it's small they still have a good amount of baked goods. They have things like macarons, cookies, breads, sandwiches, pain au chocolat, muffins, bread pudding and more. They also sell coffees and other drinks. After our brunch at the Bouchon restaurant upstairs, my wife and I stopped by the bakery to get some goodies to go. Since we ate a big brunch, we only bought a few items. This is what we bought;  Carrot Cake Whoopie Pie http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw?select=Q7FOhoMWrBUJ2KsUr3UDSA Caramel Macaron http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw?select=sj466FYKhGU57ud0VuAQzg Nutter Butter Cookie Sandwich http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw?select=6d6z_ZykwN8phHEamNR7bQ   All three treats were really good, especially the carrot cake whoopee pie, which was one of the best tasting carrot cake treats I've ever tried. The caramel macaron was not the best I've had but it was still really good. The same thing can be said about their nutter butter cookie sandwich.  The prices are good and the service is fast and friendly.  If you like Bouchon's baked goods, or if you're a Bouchon virgin, then this little stand is worth checking out.
5 I love their macarons!  I say the best ones I have had so far.  I love love their chocolate and pistachio macarons.  My eyes wanted more but I could only handle two.  These are a pretty decent size macarons.  The diameter is about two inches on these babies. The macarons are so fresh that your teeth sinks right in with a light thin crisp on the outside.  The texture is soft and gooey like fresh baked brownies. Need I say more?  Go and try it!  I will come back for you.
5 Hands down, the BEST (and biggest) macarons I've ever had. I need to find a way to have these puppies shipped to my house. We ended up going to Bouchon twice during our one-week stay on the strip. Both times we got a box of six macarons, and we ended up trying every flavor. The pistachio is the best! Followed by raspberry and caramel. The size and quality are totally worth the price, and the service was great as well.     Pick up a box and take them back to your room for breakfast the next day...they get a little bit dinged up during travel, but are still just as yummy the next morning (if you can even wait that long to eat them! They make a great late night snack as well).   They had an assortment of other pastries and baked goods, but the only things I tried were the macarons and the Nutter Butter sandwich cookie (which was good, but a little too greasy for my liking). I wanted to try the TKO but that will have to wait until next time. If only there was a Bouchon closer to me!
3 Okay I did not get lost between Venetian and Palazzo for twenty minutes to find such a random small stand under the escalator!   Yes, the macarons are delicious, but dayum it is expensive! Back home, i can get it for $1.65 for the same size and im already flipping tables! After purchasing one for $3.50 ..I'm ready to go to the gym, build some muscles, and come back and flip the entire stand.  But I have to admit, it was pretty good. The butter cream was nice and moist and the outer layer was a mixture of crunchy but yet soft. I got the pistachio macarons and boy oh boy ..melted inside my mouth and I was literally in heaven!    Can't visit this place all the time.. Or else I'll become bankrupt.... And overweight
5 Bouchon Bakery is a MUST for me whenever I'm in Vegas.  I love the pistachio macarons and will get one (and a box) whenever I am there.  They are a little bit pricey but worth every nibble.  I've tried all of the flavors but pistachio is really the best.  The bakery is located on the casino level of the Venetian underneath a set of escalators.
5 Went back to Bouchon Bakery while in Vegas and tentatively tried the macaroons again.  This time around, the macaroons were perfectly dense, chewy and absolutely perfect!  During our three day stay in Vegas, I think we bought and consumed at least 1.5 dozen.  I personally LOVE their caramel macaroons, while the husband prefers the pistachio.  Must plan another trip to Vegas... to splurge on more macaroons!!!
3 This place is really not that easy to find the first time, but once you know where it is then you won't forget. This place is definitely pricey for what you get!!  I thought the macarons, bouchons and kouign amin (sp?) were just okay. I didn't see anything spectacular about this place. My friends love their macarons though...Overhyped? Probably.
3 We tried the macarons, turkey cheese on a croissant, and a banana walnut muffin. I think we were there a little too early, about 7 a.m. that they didn't have a lot of items. I'll just review the macarons, since the other stuff was good, but nothing special. They are 3.50 a piece, but are a lot bigger than the average macaron.  The cookie part is utter perfection, a nice outer shell with chewiness when you bite into it. The filling however, was too soft and buttery for me, especially the pistachio. I prefer my fillings to be a lot more thick and rich. My favorite was the caramel, didn't care for the chocolate at all. I'm glad to have tried it, but don't know if I would go back again - maybe if I stopped by and saw that they had a bigger selection, like more savory items.
4 After a night of a very "typical" vegas evening, i woke up at the venetian, in a room that wasnt mine...i stumbled downstairs to find my bearings and grab a quick bite to eat...  Like a beacon of light, i saw the Bouchon kiosk and decided to grab a simple cup of coffee to wake up...  Instead, i ordered a bakers dozen of macaroons and a carrot cake cookie sandwich. Best breakfast ever...  Pistachio, vanilla bean, raspberry, coffee, and chocolate...so many flavors to choose from...like trying to decide which of your children you like better...  Price wise a bit pricey, but cmon now...if youre buying 800 dollar bottles of alcohol at XS or Marquee...spend the 3.50 for each macaroon and forget all the worries in the world!
5 The only thing I wish, is that that this bakery was open 24-7.  I give this place 5 stars strictly for their french macarons.  They are absolutely the best I have ever eaten.  Their huge!  Well, they are definitely much bigger in size than other macarons I've had at other bakeries.  The texture of the Bouchon macarons are amazing: crisp outer shell with a chew/fudgy center, and the cream inside always compliments the taste of the shell.  So good!  These are melt in your mouth goodies!  My favorite flavors are the vanilla, pistachio, and my all time favorite; COFFEE!  Best french macarons ever made on earth!  Mmmm, makes me want one now!  $3.50 a pop baby!  But so worth it!  You will come crawling back for more!   Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (54/365).
2 After trying what is supposedly the best of the best macaroons, I've finally realized that I don't like them very much at all.   I always thought that it was because I had not found one that was good. Everyone talks about Bouchon like it's the all mighty creator of macaroons. So I tried it, but for me, it was all hype.   I tried every flavor they had available. Maybe it's the texture that I don't like. I expected something that was more crunchy or crispy. It just felt like chewed gum in my mouth.   I am not saying that macaroons are bad in general, I'm just saying that they are not for me. My favorite was the chocolate one however. It tasted like a brownie.   I wished I tried the other desserts. The red velvet cupcake was huge (twice the size of a regular cupcake) and it cost almost as much as one macaroon.
5 This place makes some really terrific stuff. But I always come here for one thing, and one thing only, the veggie bread. It is SO good.  Veggie bread - a soft foccacia style bread topped with mozzarella cheese, soaked golden raisins, pine nuts, escarole, and caramelized onions. I love this thing, I could eat like 12 of them!  They also have a large selection of breakfast pastries, breads, desserts, cookies, coffee and macarons. Everything I have tried here is fantastic and would highly recommend this place to anyone.
4 This little kiosk exists right at the entrance to the Phantom theater.  They offer paninis and muffins and other assorted treats, but the reason to stop is the macaroons.  There are several flavors including chocolate, raspberry, and pistachio.  If you buy five you get the sixth free, and you can pick your own flavors you do not have to get the pre-made sampler packs.  The coffee brewed here is drinkable, so if you need an energy boost the have ice cold Red Bull, and even champagne splits which go quite nicely together.  Only in Vegas can you enjoy a classic French macaroon while sipping champagne and Red Bull and not be the oddest character in sight.
4 I got the vanilla macaroon and a TKO. I wanted to get the items that they were most known for. Kinda pricey, but considering the size it's not that bad. The vanilla macaroon was very good! It had a nice chew and a perfect light exterior and the filling wasn't too sweet. The vanilla flavor was good too. The TKO was just ok to me. The chocolate cookie part was very rich and good, but I wasn't into the filling. While the outside was very similar to an Oreo, the inside missed the mark and I think it would be better if they change it. Overall, it was worth it for the macaroon!
5 This bakery is truly a gem. I love their specialty coffee and the variety of pastries and treats. If and when you're in L.V, you must visit this bakery. It does get extremely busy, but it's worth the wait.
3 Mmmmm macarons!!!! Seriously addictive!  We had a hard time finding the bakery stand. It's hidden behind some stairwell in the Venetian hotel.  Perfectly crispy and airy on the outside and moist and chewy on the center. We bought a six pack: vanilla, 2 pistachio, strawberry, pumpkin, chocolate. My favorite was the pistachio. They are a decent size.
4 You have to try their strawberry croissant, which is a croissant cut in half and topped with strawberry jam and a custard/crumb topping.  I loved how buttery and rich this was...the flaky croissant paired perfectly with the smooth custard/crumb topping.  What a special treat for breakfast or dessert :)  I've also enjoyed their chocolate and vanilla macarons.  It's very small and  tucked away by the Phantom of the Opera theatre, but definitely worth seeking out!
4 The macarons here are seriously delicious.    They're light, airy and crunchy, but at the same time pack a serious rich sweetness.  Macarons are naturally gluten free as well, a huge plus as it's sometimes hard to find such decadent treats free from wheat products.  I've never stayed in The Venetian, but every time I come to Las Vegas for work, I always make sure to make a detour.  I've never had anything else from this little bakery, but the macarons are enough to warrant a side quest.
2 The only reason this place got 2 stars instead of 1 is because of the great raw clams and oysters. Unfortunately they weren't even served with a mignonette. What kind of place serves a raw bar with cocktail sauce? Geez! The shrimp and grits were yucky. The beignets were heavy and hard and crusty. Not light and fluffy at all.  Definitely will not be going to any other Bouchons.
5 How this is not a five star for everyone is a damn shame  This is a world class bakery EVERYTHING is awesome  This is a place you must visit if your in the Venetian or Palazzo Macaroons will change your life  Bakery not to be confused with the restaurant  Of the same name up stairs
5 When I realized I was staying at Venetian, I knew immediately I had to come to this place and get some pastries and macarons!  When I realized that it was right next to the elevators access to the suites, I was in love!!  Too bad they close at 8, or 9pm, or else this would be a good pre-clubbing dessert. However I went in the morning at 8am and the line was already super long! Since I was leaving that day, I waited it out and scored myself a sticky bun, bread pudding, 12 macarons ( in those prepackages sets, so they were smaller than the individually sold ones) and a chai latte! ( Yes all for myself, though not all in one sitting! ha)   The sticky bun was delicious, but was very sweet. I thought the chai latte would complement the sticky bun well, but the chai latte was even SWEETER. Definitely will not get the chai latte from her again. When I got back home, I tried the bread pudding, and yummmmmm, it was delicious!!!   And the macarons, A MUST TRY. Enough said.
5 I was thrilled the bakery was still open after the 7pm showing of Phantom ended. I've never had a macaroon before and I had a feeling this was the place to try them. I ordered 2 caramel, 2 raspberry, 1 vanilla and 1 chocolate. I got a nutter butter cookie for my husband.  We didn't get a chance to eat these until we got back to Austin, but WOW! I'm sad we waited because I would have gone back and ordered MORE, but my thighs are happy I didn't.  The macaroons were crazy good. Soft, delicate, sweet, crunchy and tender at the same time.
5 The best macarons I have ever tasted!  Make sure to try the caramel and coffee....They are amazing.  They are $3.5 a piece but bigger than regular macarons.  I also bought the vanilla eclair with whipped creme and custard, which was good too.  I did not try their bread and danish but hopefully next time!  The service was friendly too. :)
3 After visiting the Bouchon Bakery in Napa Valley, I just had to visit the one in Las Vegas when I was there. I brought my friends along because they wanted to see the huge macaroons. Be careful though because the place is pretty difficult to find (I even had trouble with the directions given by the Venetian associates).   The only thing I purchased at this Bouchon Bakery was the full set of MACAROONS (a total of six pieces). NOTE: If you buy 5 macaroons, you get 1 free. The macaroons were about $3.50 each.   I purchased a pre-packaged set of six macaroons, which containedVANILLA, PISTACHIO, RASPBERRY, COFFEE/CAPPUCHINO, CHOCOLATE (brownie?), AND A SPECIAL BOUCHON FLAVOR. Truthfully, since they were pre-packaged, I'm assuming the macaroons were made that day hopefully rather than the day before. Just to be safe, for anyone purchasing six, one of each flavor, go with the regular boxing where they grab the fresh ones made.   I wanted to bring it home to Orange County to enjoy with my boyfriend, so I stuck it in the trunk and drove on home with the others. Need I remind you it was summer, but I never would have thought anything would have happened to the macaroons, sensitive creatures they are.   Sad to say, never ever leave your macaroons out in heat, even if it's not in direct sunlight. Room temperature is best. Why? Because when I opened the truck, my poor chocolate/brownie macaroon sort of melted and oozed out this liquid and traveled down the box and ruined my other macaroons. Some were also cracked already (dang, sensitive pastries)!!!   They all looked horrific by now, so I dare not show them to my boyfriend. As a result, I enjoyed them by myself. :) :) :) Hahaha.  Anyways, onto the review of the tastings and enough of my ranting.   In the end, I prefer the Napa Valley Bouchon over this one.  Overall, all the flavors were actually perfect and light. The only thing I have to say about the CHOCOLATE/BROWNIE macaroon was that it was a little too dense and chocolatey (probably because of the melting though). My favorites were the VANILLA and PISTACHIO. The coffee one was alright. If you like coffee flavored pastries, you might like this one. As for the RASPBERRY, I never got to taste it. *sobs* I accidentally left it out and the dang ants got to them.   This was a bad luck batch of macaroons is all I'm saying. On my part though, not the bakeries.
5 Food enthusiast or anyone that loves sweets... you cannot leave the Venetia without hitting up Bouchon Bakery. 1st we balled out at the bistro and then now comes the bakery, the Thomas Keller affair. These macarons were probably the best I'd ever had in my lifetime. Each cookie was the right sweet, flavor distinct, slight crunch, and nice texture. I took very small bites to prolong the experience and hoping it wouldn't end. I could easily eat through the $20 worth. I also had the croissant, some cookie sandwich, and a turkey cran baguette. All were pretty good and made the experience great.  Also, bouchon bakery is probably the best spot to get coffee in the hotel. The ratio of girls to guys in line is 5 to 1. That's pretty good odds for Vegas.   uploaded pic -  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw?select=3cSaRAN4ukyF0ch8BrAN7w#3cSaRAN4ukyF0ch8BrAN7w
4 Their macaroons are 5 stars but the price knocks them down one because they're so steep! I believe it's $3.50 each, but the sweet vanilla, strong coffee, and rich chocolate are my favorites! The best macaroons I've had, comparing to the new 'lette chain spreading throughout Los Angeles.
3 Macaron review only.    Comes in small and large sizes, individual and boxed assorted flavors.  The crust is light with a thin crisp, the inside is moist, chewy, creamy, and a little gritty from the ground almonds.  I tried the coffee (no joke, it had a little after taste that reminded me of soy sauce/Maggi - a-ok), caramel (a-ok), and pistachio (a-ok).  A 6-count small macaron box is $12, 6-count large box is $17.50, individual large is $3.50, and the small (which is really regular size macarons you find everywhere) is ~$2.  Other important info: cafe is small and is located underneath escalators and directly across the Phantom Theatre entrance, open at 6AM, inside Venetian, no seating area, cafe is literally a small counter w/ a refrigerated cake/food display case, many barristas on hand to create signature java/beverage.
5 I've come to the conclusion that I'm not a huge macaroon person but I had to check out Bouchon because of the rave reviews on Yelp and since I had time to kill...   I was hoping to try one of their carrot cake cookies but unfortunately they were out by 2pm :( Not to worry, they had plenty of their famous macaroons beautifully lined up. I was buying them for me and my sister and her friend so I decided not to get any crazy flavors they may not like.   I got a vanilla for myself, one coffee, and one chocolate. They were HUGE. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=FpZ0Z9WfAehLwRn8TZlegw&userid=QkQLnujuiBDP1mNChJYJww  Holy moly. I had more fun taking the picture than eating it I think. No, but they were good. The cookies had a crunch to them while still keeping an airy texture to them. The filling wasn't overly sweet and each had their own distinct flavor.   They weren't cheap, I think $3.50 ish for one but heyyy these are some seriously awesome macaroons for the macaroon enthusiasts so check em out. You won't be disappointed!   YELP 365: 175/365
4 I've only heard the name before but it comes with very high standards and a great reputation. Since we couldn't all afford the real deal, we stopped by the bakery which is right across from the Phantom of the Opera Theater. It was around breakfast time so I got a croissant and the carrot cake cookie. The croissant was so soft and buttery. I liked the carrot cake cookie too but it's a lot of sugar. I couldn't finish it all in one sitting so I saved some for later. I thought I would be back to get some macaroons - they are the hugest I've ever seen - but I never made it back so that's something to get next time.  *Update* Finally tried the vanilla and raspberry macaroons. Delicious! Soft with lots of filling and full of flavor. These are bigger than those bite sized macaroons they serve at a lot of other places but about the same price at $3.
2 *REVIEW FOR THE LARGE MACARONS ONLY*  I was thoroughly disappointed after hearing such rave reviews about their macarons. The flavor is seriously lacking and it just wasn't up to par with what I've tried at other bakeries before. I bought the pre-packaged box with 6 macarons in it. The coffee/mocha flavored one was in-your-face strong and the chocolate is pretty decadent. The raspberry has a subtle flavor. I think the best one out of the box was the vanilla bean one. The caramel didn't taste like caramel and the pistachio one kind of had a soapy taste to it. Time to try my hand at making some myself!
4 Very, very small location. I was expecting at least a little store, but it's just a stand? kiosk? under an escalator. I went early afternoon and a lot of the selection was already gone. My favorite thing I got was the chocolate coated raspberry macaron... freaking delicious. They also had a couple other flavors of the chocolate coated macarons. I would recommend getting one and eating it quickly! The outside will melt if you keep it out for too long, and don't even think about taking it outside the hotel in the summer!
5 Every time I'm in Vegas I make it a point to stop at the Bouchon bakery. This place is a little hidden (it's kind of underneath an escalator) but its right around the corner from the food court in the Venetian. Their french macarons are absolutely amazing and although I've never been to Paris (not talking about the one in Vegas) I would imagine that they are on point with the macarons there.
4 Bouchon Bakery is the closest I will get in tasting a creation of culinary genius Thomas Keller!   I bookmarked this place on yelp as somewhere I must go to in Vegas, even though I've never considered myself a big macron fan. Thankfully, my friend knew where it was located in The Venetian and led us straight there once we got to the casino. I only ordered the pistachio macron and didn't eat it until the next day. I'm glad I didn't eat it then and there or I would've been tempted to buy some more. I was genuinely surprised how much I liked it. Now, I want to visit the macron place in Sac!
5 Fresh Gigantic Macaroons, full of flavor in every bite. Already packaged for you which comes in 6 pieces for $17.50. (quite pricey) Location kind of hard to find but it's in the Venetian Hotel below the escalators and just follow the signs. Well worth the trip coz they are delicious!
5 i recently came back from L.V last week and had the pleasure of visiting this coffee shop. This time, I tried their almond croissant and their strawberry croissant and they're simply decadent. The Las Vegas Bouchon bakery may be a small place, but it's a true gem. Located in the beautiful Venetian hotel in the casino level, I highly recommend it.
5 On my quest to eat macarons like those in Paris, I had a multi-pack of them from Bouchon over the weekend. They stacked up pretty well against the Parisian favorite. A pack of six included pistachio, espresso, vanilla, berry, chocolate, and brown sugar/caramel(?). My friend had a chocolate chunk cookie that was to die for. Also available for little French-ie sandwiches that look alright, but kind of boring and expensive.   This is a hidden spot underneath some escalators outside the Phantom theater. I probably wouldn't seek it out again, especially considering I'm trying to find the best macarons in the city, but it was definitely worth it while I was staying at the Venetian.
5 The Macarons here are insanely good. They're significantly bigger than everywhere else. Thomas Keller knows his stuff and each bite is perfectly light and chewy. Stopping here is a must when you're in the Venetian.
4 YESSSSS, love macarons...  I noticed the sizes aren't so uniform, but that's just me being picky.  I think the flavors I enjoyed most were: raspberry, pistachio, vanilla, and chocolate.  Oops, is that almost all of them?  I think my friend and I bought 12 in the span of two days, yup!  If you enjoy a good iced americano, look no further.  It is $5, but you do get 4 shots of espresso over ice and very little water.  Will definitely stop by on subsequent visits!
5 Venetian is dangerous. I hardly walked pass the slot machines without stopping at the Chinese Queen machine because of the lights. I was on my way to the Phantom Theater to pick up my tickets for the night, and I passed by Bouchon Bakery. I was suckered into their macarons. They sell them individually and in a pack. I couldn't resist and I couldn't decide on which to get. My love told me I could get whichever one I wanted, while he orders a turkey cranberry sandwich.   So I ended up getting that pack. Yes, fat girls' problems, but it's worth it. They were of six different colors, There's a vanilla, chocolate, coffee, pistachio, raspberry, and caramel flavored. I posted a picture of it, colors do get to me. They're not too sweet, which I liked. My favorite ones were the pistachio and the coffee ones. I find the jam inside the raspberry one to be a little too overwhelming. The size is enough to split with someone else, especially if you want a bit of everything at once.  Their sandwiches are pretty good too, especially for a quick lunch. The baguette bread was crunchy on the outside and quite soft in the insides. Too bad I devoured it too soon (I wanted to spend more time with my macarons). The bad part is that you have nowhere to sit and eat. It's like a grab and go cafe.
5 My favorite brunch of all time. EVER.  I like chick and waffles or the Steak Frites... so good. I think the steak is also prepared Sous Vide too!  You must ALWAYS get the baked goods platter (forgot what its called). So fresh, so good.  I don't know what else to say, except GO!
2 I was really excited to try this place after all the great reviews after a special event.  In fact, My husband and I chose it over Payard due to all the excellent reviews.  We were very disappointed as everything we tried was very ordinary.    Tried the coffee macaron and chocolated dipped pistachio macaron. Good coffee flavor butno pistachio flavor.  Pistachio one actually reminded me of a chocolate dipped mint oreo cookie.  Regardless, both too sweet. Strawberry croissant tasted like a strawberry Entenmann's coffee cake.  No kidding.  Carrot cake sandwich thing unmemorable and lacking in flavor.  Nutter Better cookie sandwich also forgettable and a bit on the overly sweet side.  Cheese danish was the most likeable of the items we got but also unimpressive.  The only reason it stood out in any way was the excellent cream cheese frosting on top.   Overall, skip it.
5 Little did I know there's a little dessert hideaway tucked away underneath the escalator to the Food Court at the Venetian. Although they have quite a few different items, all I came for were the macarons. At the time they only had about 6 flavors but they were huge! About 1 and a half times bigger than normal and about $3 each. My friends and I all got one each in different flavors, I got the raspberry.   We took our macarons to find a nice place to sit down before we made sweet love to them. My raspberry macaron... TO DIE FOR. It was fresh, perfectly sweet, with the right texture of soft and chewy. I've gotta say that best macaron I've had in a long time. I tried a bite of my friends' flavors and I liked mine the best. I loved my beautiful raspberry macaron and cherished each bite I had of it. Simply amazing!
5 So many good choices that it was hard to pick just one (so I didn't) and their coffee puts Starbucks to shame.
4 MACAROONS!!!  4 days in Vegas and I made it a point to stop here just for those delicious macaroons I keep reading about. There's no secret, macaroons are just simply heavenly and to die for but these were probably the best I've ever had, no lie.  The filling was a little more buttery which I loved because it contrasted with the sweet crispy cookie perfectly. I splurged and bought 2 gift boxes, one of the mini's and one regular sized. At first glance, the prices may shock you but for the size of the cookie and quality in taste, it's well worth it.  I didn't actually get to eat most of them until I got home since I was stuffing my face with everything else on the strip haha. Scared that the cookies would lose the crispiness, I literally scarfed down my macaroons in a few days. I was surprised though on the fourth day, the cookies were nearly fresh still. From experience, I haven't had any macaroons stay edible for more than one or two days (if they weren't eaten yet!).  Next time I will try the cupcakes and such and hopefully not stop by on a full tummy. Be back in a few months maybe??..
4 If your staying at the Venetian and Palazzo, this is the ultimate for early morning coffee and breakfast treats.  This is made if you need that cure of late night Vegas.  Food choices are vast for a walk up only eatery.  Coffee is decent but nothing special.  Usually visit a few mornings during a Vegas stay.  Their bakery selection is the best.  Try the beignets, either raspberry or cream.  Awesome!!  The croissants are wonderful as well.  You can even get a small Champagne to go, add a fresh squeezed OJ and make Mimosa's in your room.  It's Vegas, it's allowed, it should be allowed anywhere.  Love this place.
3 Their macarons are HUGE and possibly the best in Vegas. Yup, just in Vegas. Laduree will always be the best in the whole world.
3 No more classic red velvet cupcake. The bakery has updated the classic cupcake to a filled red velvet cupcake. And now there is too much cream. I dissected the cupcake and it was stuffed with so much cream. The cupcake cake was 65% cream and 35% cake. I miss the classic red velvet cupcake. I hope next time I get back to Bouchon Las Vegas, they have their classic red velvet cupcake.
4 Macaroons are good here, but I usually stop by for their delicious ham and cheese sandwich. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat, check out their sandwiches! It's a decent price especially for Vegas food!   Also, their macaroons make a good gift, be sure to grab some on your way home for your friends and family!
4 I should sue for false advertisement.  The bag listed only 3 locations of Bouchon but then I come to find out that there are 5 locations (2 in NYC, 1 in Vegas, and 1 in LA).    This bakery is hidden (at least in my eyes) because it is located behind and underneath the escalator at Venetian!  If I recall correctly, I saw pastries (croissants, danishes, muffins), sandwiches (ham and Swiss baguettes), cakes, cupcakes, cookies, eclairs, and what I came for: macaroons.  Macaroons sell at $3 a piece however, I must admit that they are huge and I should have opted that route however, being the fatty that I am, I bought a pack of mini macaroons for $13 (all flavors: coffee, chocolate, vanilla, pistachio, raspberry, and caramel).    The macaroons were light, fluffy, and smooth (the filling)... I can't describe it in words that can fully justify the macaroons but I reckon I will be back every time I am in Vegas simply because I work hard and workout hard so $13 for a pack of macaroons that I can devour entirely in less than 24 hours?  Hell to the yes.  I should have bought 2 for the plane ride home.
4 Woke up feeling like death and wandered downstairs for any form of sustenance. The first thing that I see...Bouchon Bakery. Ordered a Ham and Cheese Panini, Pistacho Macaron, Strawberry Croissant and a Coffee. Macaron was pretty expensive, but considering the size, it's actually pretty worth it. Nonetheless, one of the best macarons that I've had. Panini, was meh.   + for location.
5 Raspberry Macaroon! SOOOO DELICIOUS!  They have lots of other pastries and cakes here, but the only thing I ever bought from them are their macaroons because it's just soo good. The outside has the perfect crispness, and the inside is soft, moist, and chewy. The chocolate macaroon tastes like a brownie, but wayyyy better than any normal brownie. I wish I had bought more than just 2 macaroons now :(.
3 It was Sunday night at 8:00 and it took me awhile to find the place. I was looking at the macaroons and this guy started to enclose the ropes on us. I decided to buy the macaroons, one of each, and was told that I get one for free if I get five.   OK, good.  Then the same guy that was surrounding the ropes on us started asking us loudly "Is that all? Is that all?" right after we ordered from this lady.  I thought they open til 9pm, I guess they wanted to close up.  OK, no problem. So, I whipped out my credit card in a hurry.  Guess what? The same guy that hates us wanted to see ID for $17.50. Now, I am annoyed. After all this, Mr. Hater asked me in a condescending tone while holding the receipt "You want the receipt?"  Anyway, the macaroons were great, delicious actually. But I will not go back again for the over priced macaroons and get run off again.
5 Everything here was great. Seriously.   I lined up and looked at the pastries in the case and thought they looked generic. We chose some interesting sounding ones and I braced myself to be disappointed.   These ain't your normal starbucks brown bag croissants.   Carrot cake cookie sandwich- the cookies were moist with chunks of raisin and nuts. The icing was the perfect consistency and sweetness.   Strawberry croissant- the flavor of the jam is harmonious with the buttery lightness of the croissant.   Chocolate almond- the chocolate ganache filling was plentiful and not cloyingly sweet.   Both croissants were light but yet had a crisp but not too crumby exterior.   Pistachio macaroon- the gold standard to which othet macaroons will be measured. Perfect crisp "shell" with a wonderful, chewy but not stale interior. The filling added to the cookie without taking away from it.   This stand is slightly hidden behind an escalator, near a random shiny stuff stand and facing the box office.   Well worth it.
5 Best Macarons ever!
4 LIKE - I'm in love with their coffee, very similar to Canada's Tom Horton's.  Lots of pastries to choose from. My daughter loves the Raspberry macarons.  DISLIKE - LONG lines and the staff doesn't seem to like working there. absolutely no SMILES exchanged.  Unorganized beverage pick up counter. No names called, staff just call out orders, and everyone ordered coffee so anyone can just pick up whether you ordered first or last.
4 A healthful, tasty option for food to take with you. As I was about to hightail it out of Vegas, it occurred to me that I'd be hungrier for more than fast-food and/or Alien Jerky.   The Brand Muffin was allegedly moist and tasty. AND IT WAS! A nice hearty surprise of gentle sweetness with enough ingredients to please the palate and stick to your ribs.  Realizing this may not be enough, I took the Cobb Salad with me. It too was flavorful and hearty and at $11, really not a bad deal at all.  Couldn't make the time to smell let alone take with me The Coffee -- which, in fairness, looks great.   In short, here's another great kiosk inside The Venetian. Sure it's a satellite of the nearby restaurant --- but when you don't have time, you could do an awful lot worse. (Did I mention the  Jerky?)
5 It was a little bit  confusing to find (it's not in the main shopping part of the Venetian but closer to the hotel but a very nice security guard walked us straight there) but I'm glad we did! Chocolate covered pistachio macarons WHAT WHAT? I ate half of it when I got it and then the other half much later that night drunk while laying on my side (AKA "Hasselhoffing it"- it was delicious both ways.) I also have a weakness for fancy bakery versions of Oreos and the TKO (Thomas Keller Oreo) delivered! Super dark barely sweet chocolate cookie with delicious ganache inside, mmmm. I also got a cheese danish to eat later and it was delicious even though it was all crushed in my bag for a couple days. I ended up eating it at the airport waiting for my delayed flight and I was so tired and miserable I ate that thing like a beast with no napkin and no shame, the guy next to me had to be disgusted. It wasn't your regular danish (which is flat) but tall like a roll FULL OF DELICIOUS CHEESE with a little bit of lemon flavor and delicious flaky crustiness. My friend loaded up on strawberry croissants to eat and take home to her husband so if you don't hate strawberry (like me!) then those are apparently a must try item as well.
4 This was a surprisingly good place to get a snack. Me and my girl tried the macaroons, beignettes, and sticky buns. We liked it so much we came back on our last day.
5 I got a box of macarons, with each one being the size of my palm.  My fav was the hazelnut one.  Definitely the best macarons I've ever eaten.
5 If you are rich ass bastard and staying at the Venetian you are one lucky ass fat ass.  Come down your fancy elevator and eat Bouchon everyday.  Then go back up stars and watch porn in your room.  Viva Las Vegas
4 3.5 stars only because of the line.  I hate lines.  That's one of my gripes with Las Vegas.  Lines.  Uggh.  Line aside, good coffee - better than Starbucks, maybe even CBTL.  Outstanding pastries.  Sticky buns are almost Jersey-Shore-Sunday-morning terrific.  They're that good.  Macaroons the size of Texas.  Under the escalators adjacent to the Venetian guest elevators.  Having been to other Bouchon locations I think of this as Bouchon-on-a-budget.
3 Why the hype? Took forever to find the bakery in Venentian (under the escalators past the food court on the casino level).  Didn't get any of the popular items, but we did like the shredded coconut square and the Better Netter Cookie (with peanut butter cookies and cream).  chocolate Roll- bleh.
4 Behind a huge escalator... We missed it twice even after asking an employee.. It is literally underneath the backside of an escalator next to a wall and a dead end. But if you do happen to stumble upon it, do yourself a favor and get a boxed set of macarons! I brought some home and even after 4 days, they still held up nicely and were soft and chewy without sticking to your teeth.
5 They make the best macaroons in Vegas
5 They have the most delicious almond croissants!! It was fresh, flaky, not overly sweet, and the almonds were crunchy and toasted.  I also tried their raspberry and pistachio macarons, which were also wonderful.    This little place is tucked behind the escalator on the first floor of the Venetian (Casino level) next to the Grand Lux Cafe and Guest elevator entrance area, across from the Apothecary store.  Prices are high, but typical for what you see at the Venetian.  It is worth the splurge.  Note: Bouchon Bakery is located separately from the Bouchon restaurant, which is found on the 10th floor of the Venetian.
4 The Bouchon Bakery kiosk is one of the reasons I like to stay at The Venetian, and it is also why I prefer the old tower.  Located at the base of the elevators, everything I've had from Bouchon Bakery has been great.  Yesterday my wife and I picked up a pistachio macaron, a peanut butter and jelly macaron and a chocolate chip cookie.  All three were fantastic.  In the past couple years, on prior trips, I've also had their cinnamon rolls, sandwiches, cookies, treats - you name it.  If Bouchon Bakery sells it, it won't just be good - you can bet it will be great.  I'm giving Bouchon Bakery 4 stars rather than 5 stars because of the staff and because of the lack of seating.  The staff doesn't really display much of a sense of urgency, so the line doesn't move as quickly as it should, and there is nowhere nearby to sit down.  Still, fantastic place.  Highly recommend.
5 LOVE LOVE LOVE of my life!  Well, second only to my immediate family.  I couldn't just choose one!  I had a red velvet cupcake, and please keep in mind I am a cupcake snob!  I don't do "homemade".  It was out of this world with cream cheese filling, soooooo sooooo good.  I also got a cheese pastry so good, I googled to see if there was a miracle shop like this near me, sadly there is not.  Trust that this is a must stop!
3 I swooned with envy on numerous occasions looking at everyone's yelp pictures of the fabulous macarons Bouchon Bakery puts out daily. However, during the course of my covetous enchantment Honolulu (my hometown) seemed to have caught on to the macaron craze and now i'm thrilled to see that there's a bunch of places serving up these delightful treats in my own backyard. So when I FINALLY got the chance to try Bouchon Bakery this summer it sort of lost it's appeal. BUT, I had to give Bouchon a try since this is the first place I fell in love (at first sight) with macarons to begin with.  So I decided to try the pistachio macaron, a chocolate croissant and a TKO (Thomas Keller Oreo). These are mega macarons, almost twice the size of the usual sold elsewhere. It was delish.I only wish they made smaller sizes so that different flavors can be tried. The chocolate croissant was just okay, maybe because I bought mines in the evening so perhaps it was not as fresh. I was also infatuated with the TKO because who doesn't love a homemade oreo cookie? It was good, but the white filling was a little too sweet for my liking.  Prices were: TKO ($3.25), Chocolate Croissant ($4.00) and macaron ($3.50). No tax was added on so total came out to $10.75.  Location of this kiosk:  The Venetian, under the escalator near the Phantom Theater (or whatever they may have re-named it by now).  So now that I had my thrill filled, would I go back? Let's just say I wouldn't go out of my way to get something from here. BUT if I happen to be in the Venetian I wouldn't mind checking it out again.  My overall rating is 3.5 Stars.
1 I am sure that the pastries must be good, but when they don't observe their advertised hours, one might never know.  I planned the dinner assuming desert at the famed Bouchon Bakery on Tuesday night.  I arrived at 7:50 pm try advertise a 9 pm closing.  They were closed and informed me that it had been a slow night so they closed early.  They lost me forever.  Don't count on them being open during their advertised hours.  POOR FORM!
4 Must. Try. Macarons! I wish I got the TK Oreo cookie but didn't. Wah wah... next time. The macarons were great. Vanilla was my favorite. Oh, and FYI, eat them ASAP! They kind of lose their exterior crunchiness within a couple of days. I F'd up and got 2 of the boxes 2 days before I was to arrive home.... yeah, don't do that.
5 Anything attached to the Bouchon name gets 5 stars in my book!!  We ate at the restaurant the morning prior, and knew we HAD to stop by the bakery on our way back to the airport before we left.  It's located (kind of hidden) behind the escalators on the casino level of the Venetian.  We trekked back with a chocolate croissant and a sticky bun on a 2-hour flight and enjoyed them with a glass of milk at home.  Perfect way to end the day that once began in Vegas!
4 Yup, I got lost finding this place and I work at he spa, lol.  So again, under the escalators, closest to the parking garage entrance, located where the Box Office is.  In other words, once you hit the casino level, make a u turn.  It's a small tiny shop...that I found funny because there was 9 workers that I counted...hmmm  I'm giving them 4 stars because I got what I came for, monster size macaroons.  The peanut butter jelly macaroon had me squirming in my chair with big bug eyes because I thought I bit into pure deliciousness.  I'm starting to drool again.  Not as many flavors as I thought, but I made the best choice, for me.  I tried also the pistachio macaroon and a dark chocolate flaky pastry.  None disappointed me, yum. It is a bit pricey, do hit them up when you got the sweet tooth.
4 Tasty Carrot cookie to start the day.
3 keller said in a magazine that he intends to expand this place but right now it's just a little kiosk behind the escalator, far from the bistro. thanks to yelp and location maps (had to check it a few times), we found this place. My husband loves the chocolate bouchons. The lemon meringue tart was ok... i think i prefer jean philippe patisserie in aria for pastries (croissant, brioche)
4 Their macarons are 5 stars but the price knocks them down one because they're so steep! I believe it's $3.50 each, but the sweet vanilla, strong coffee, and rich chocolate are my favorites! The best macaroons I've had, comparing to the new 'lette chain spreading throughout Los Angeles.
4 I'll make this real simple for the lost souls seeking the French patisserie... It's located in front of the Phantom of the Opera & behind the escalator. No need to search around looking up at signs to be thrown off. To simply put it... the wife loved the chocolate croissants and the large macaroons were solid. Fin.
3 California spoiled me with the discovery of macarons. My friends and I would take advantage of most opportunities to sample the macarons that any cafe had to offer. When I moved back, macarons became scarce and my craving was left unfulfilled. Cue the search on Yelp which led me to Bouchon and other patisseries on the Strip.  Most people get lost trying to find this hidden nook of baked goods, so remember that it's located underneath a set of escalators near a candy store. Also note that the bakery is separate from the restaurant. You'll also need to find another place to enjoy your treats since there's no seating area.  Along with their baked goods, Bouchon also offers sandwiches, salads and coffee. I opted for the raspberry and pistachio macarons. They both had strong distinct flavors, but the filling was too sweet for my liking. While I understand the difficulty of making macarons and that they're on the Strip, $3.50 for a macaron is pretty expensive despite how big they are. Their red velvet cupcake was moist and had more than enough icing on it.  There's no doubt that their pastries are of good quality, but I was left underwhelmed by their selection and some of their prices.
5 Solid five star patisserie inside the Venetian. Everything has been said about this place. Your first stop should be the Macarons! They have a box set of 4 which make a great souvenir gift incase you don't want to get your loved one a typical shirt that says LAS VEGAS NV. This is a must visit each time I visit Vegas.
5 When I went to Vegas, I knew I had to find a place that had macarons. Because that's what you do in Vegas?? Just kidding. I had a short list of places I wanted to check out and someone suggested Bouchon Bakery. Apparently this seemed like an impossible journey as my friends literally trekked all over The Venetian trying to find this place. Finally, after probably an hour of walking, we found Bouchon Bakery. Casino level, tucked behind the escalators.  When we finally found BB, I was disappointed to find how small the bakery was (like a stand in the mall food court), but boy did the macarons not disappoint! I bought the sample pack + 1 pistachio because I'm obsessed with this flavor. My oh my! This was so delicious! It was just like a macaron should be - delicate and crisp on the outside, soft and gooey on the inside. I was in heaven and I spent the next 2 days eating the rest of the macarons (shared with my travel mates of course, I'm not that much of a fatty!). They are rather large, so they are definitely good for sharing if you get a few.  This is definitely a must if you love macarons!
2 Alright, because I wanted to find out what Bouchon bakery had to offer I decided to plead with my husband on heading over to the Venetian and grabbing some macarons.  With much hesitation he finally agreed.  This is going to be a short review but definitely to the point.  1. Chocolate Eclair: ugh.  Disgusting.  The chocolate filling was too bitter and it left that "made yesterday" taste.  Which it probably was.  2. Macaron:  I'm sorry, but macarons are not suppose to be more chewy than a stick of gum.  And it was chewy.  I lost faith in Bouchon's macarons here.  I thought they may blow LaDuree or even 'Lette macarons out of the water but they did not.  Even my husband (who's not big into sweets) even thought 'Lette macarons were good.  3. Carrot Cake Cookie: didn't taste bad, but I'd still settle for the Trader Joe's Karat cake.   Will I come back?  Most likely not.  I don't think it's worth it.  Thank goodness the restaurant is a whole other thing.
4 I FREAKING LOVE this bakeries Macaroons... the peanut butter and jelly macaroon was brilliant. I hate finding places like this because I have to come back weekly for my sweet fix.
4 Really a 4.5 star macaron that we tried.  Huge and awesome Pistachio flavor!
2 The macaroon is way worse than I expected from a famous bakery. I hope the restaurant is a lot better than this...
4 4 Stars: Yay! I'm a fan.  Thomas Keller pretty much gets a free pass on GP, but Bouchon Bakery is nice because for not much more than the price of your hotel starbucks, you get decadent baked goods that are worth waiting at least 4-6 minutes in line for.   I'm not certain you can go wrong with any of the baked goods here unless you are super picky about your preferences on the way certain baked goods are prepared, or if you are just being troublesome for the sake of having a more cultured palate than everyone in your circle.   I find it a little humorous that you can buy pain epi that are complimentary at Bouchon proper. If you've eaten these, you may have a sardonic grin on your face right about now. I've contemplated purchasing these a la carte before. I've also stuffed my face with about a dozen of these at the bistro.  My only qualms are with the line, which at peak times can be ridiculous, the servers, who can be inattentive or somewhat forgetful when it comes to your order or requests that accompany your order, and that not all items are available year round, especially some of the fruit preserves, and without a website, or public forum to announce availability, sometimes you just need to call beforehand to see if they have something you are looking for. Also, they run out of things, which is a given considering it's not a huge location. They are a little counter tucked under a stairwell.  But certainly add this place to your list of early morning haunts. I'd rank it above Payard, below Jean Philippe Patisserie. So it's good.  And make sure you buy a bag of bouchons (6 for $10) to go and don't forget to ask for a little bit of raspberry sauce on the side. Heat those puppies up in the oven for a few minutes, pour some of the raspberry sauce on top, make obscene noises while consuming.
5 Craving delicious melt in your mouth macaroons? Look no further! Bouchon Bakery is here!  Seriously. This review is solely for their macaroons (the only thing I ever buy from here)!! Like my fellow yelp friend, Emily C says. Most bakeries that sell macaroons are deceiving. They look great, lure you in, but when you take a bite. It's a little short of expectations and filled with disappointment. But not here!  Yes it is $3.25 a macaroon, but trust me it is well worth it!  1. The size of the macaroon is about three times the size of a typical macaroon. 2. The filling is to die for. Not too creamy, not too soft, but perfect that it just melts in your mouth and you can savor the taste. 3. The shell of the macaroon is perfect too! Hard enough to hold, but soft when you bite into it.   I'm ready to go and buy more!! You'll definitely see me around Bouchon when I'm in Vegas!
3 Danggggggg, a chocolate croissant and a PB&J macaroon for $8?!?!?!?!! you must be sh!tting me! I all of a sudden felt ripped off but am too embarrassed to say "oh, then I don't want the chocolate croissant"  so fine. I paid it. And almost instantly regretted getting the chocolate croissant. It tasted like it's been sitting there for the entire day and was hard to bite into. Definitely not what I had dreamed of...a soft, flaky, buttery croissant :(  Thank God the Pb&J macaroon was delicious! It was chewy on the outside, peanut butter on the inside filled with strawberry jam in the center! But is this worth $3? NO WAY, JOSE! I complain when I have to pay $1.50 for a small macaroon! Now, you're just pressing my buttons. This place is a one time only deal.
5 Had the best Banana Walnut Muffin that I've ever eaten.  Stuff is not cheap here, but it is well worth the price difference.  Not just that, but the staff there was nice and efficient.  I really wanted to give them a thumbs up for having the patience to deal with this crazy Chinese lady that held up the line for 20 minutes on 12/30.  She kept claiming that they overcharged her and demanded that they give her some cash back.  You might think, "Okay, she really could have gotten screwed by some error," but then a few things happened that convinced me otherwise.  After the manager refused to give her whatever cash she wanted, she said something to the effect of, "I know Thomas Keller, and this is not how he would want his business run.  I'm going to let him know how you people are treating me."  The manager eventually gave her some money just to move her along, and then she pulled the following... She took her bag of pastries (just 2), went off to the side, and when the workers weren't paying attention, she put the bag back down on the counter.  When the worker came back to the register, she yelled, "Where are my pastries?!?"  The worker responded, "I just gave them to you."  The lady decided not to respond, and just reached over and grabbed the bag that she had JUST PUT DOWN.  I think she was trying to con her way into some extra freebies.  This whole scenario was quite ludicrous in person, and events like these are what make me skeptical of a lot of people's yelp reviews (customers aren't always right, and half the time are crazy).  Regardless, kudos to the Bouchon Bakery workers for keeping a level head and not flipping out after having to deal with this insane person.
1 My sister went to Vegas and bought me some of their macaroons. At $4 a piece she thought it would be very tasty...   Unfortunately these were harder than rocks! When you take a bite it feels like you broke a part of your tooth off.  The flavor is nothing special nothing tastes just same old same old. I definitely will not return to this establishment for macaroons.
4 The macaron were very tasty. I wish they had more flavors to pick from, but you cant expect much from a bakery inside a casino.
5 The Carrot cream cake is a wow n lol!!!! Is a busy Friday my bf rush all the way down there to pick one up for me ;) sweet n the cake was sooooooo dame good!
5 You really can't go wrong with this place. I'm a huge fan of the one up in Yountville, and in NYC, and this doesn't disappoint. It's NOT cheap, but totally worth the cost.  If you've never been, expect a long line at certain times of day, and during big events like CES (which is when I'm writing this review). Highly recommend getting either an eclair or a macaron if you're a first-timer, along with a cup of coffee or tea.  Honestly, all the pastries are good, so just get whatever strikes your fancy.
5 Best sticky bun I've ever had. The outer layers, which are typically dry, were light and flaky. The center was dense, moist, and loaded with chopped pecans. The entire bun was coated in a slightly hard, chewy glaze, reminiscent of pecan pie and topped with a mountain of pecans. $4 which in my opinion was quite a steal.   Pastel colored french macarons in flavors including raspberry, coffee, chocolate, and when I was there (1/10/13), a seasonal peppermint flavor. $3.50 a pop and cute as a button. I got a raspberry one that was airy and chewy on the inside, firm but light and slightly crunchy on the outside, sandwiching a thin layer of ganache. Delicious! The unique texture is really an experience you have to try for yourself. The individual ones are larger than your typical macaron, but they also sell boxes of little ones for around $18.   The long line that wraps around the display cases will give you time to drool and dream over the sweets that will soon be yours.   Yes, the prices are a little more than you might be used to, but for quality pastry....in Vegas, the prices aren't that bad. Just sit down, shut up, and eat.   2 locations inside the Venetian!
1 I've been to the Bouchon Bakery in Yountville (which I give a rating of 3) and it's much better than this Vegas kiosk. When I went last time, my cupcake was overly sweet that I could only eat a couple bites, the macarons lacked a crispy shell and tasted more like whoopie pies, and my cookie was a little too hard. Overall the baked goods at this location do not taste very fresh. It's always crowded too so the staff isn't very friendly and rushes people in line.
4 Anytime I am in a location with the nearest Bouchon Bakery...I HAVE TO HAVE IT. And when I am here I go pretty crazy when I come here. I get all the macaroon flavors because they are so big, delicious, and sweet!   Came here before my girls and I were leaving and we got a quick breakfast here. Chocolate Croissant. FTW! Loved that it wasn't too buttery and had a stick of chocolate in it! I could definitely taste the chocolate in its puffy croissant. Most of the times I can never taste the chocolate in these pastries, but Bouchon gets it right!   One thing I didn't like about this location is that it didn't have its originality like it did in Yountville. It just seemed like an Anderson Bakery or something. What also sucks is there is no seating area!   Oh well whatever. Makes me happy that I have visited the Yountville, NYC and Las Vegas locations!
4 We enjoyed a delectable almond croissant with a soy latte. The croissant was crispy and flakey; perfect for dipping! The soy latte was well made too; steamed to the right temp with plenty of foam.
4 I'm probably one of the few people (if any) who don't like their macarons (I think their macarons are the worst in town). What I came here in search for was kouign amann. I was dying to try this and I was so excited that they had it. So, I bought two. Who wouldn't love a crusty, doughy cake containing layers of butter and sugar folded in? Also had them throw in a couple beignets, raspberry filled. Delicious! Yes this place is overpriced, but it's a strip venue, the name Thomas Keller attached. What do you expect? I didn't complain, it was worth the 10,000 calories.
4 After walking up and down the Vegas strip all day, I wanted a light sweet snack. At Bouchon Bakery (which recently opened a second spot also in The Venetian, next to the Venetian Sports Book), it's about the macarons, those light meringue confections that can be one of a zillion different colors.  Here, they also have chocolate-coated macarons. Haven't had that one before, so I ordered the raspberry one ($4.50). Perfectly executed. Extremely light, with a thin chocolate coat. The hint of raspberry flavor goes well with the chocolate.  I also got the Apple Croissant ($3.75), a butter croissant with thinly sliced apples and baked almond cream filling, topped with almond streusel. Huge thumbs up here. Velvety filling, flaky pastry. Not too sweet. Basically, it just kicks ass -- and I got way more bang for my buck here than with the macaron.  Frankly, the price is really the only thing that would prevent me from just dashing right back and ordering one of everything in the display case. A fine example of how one must pay for quality. Plus, it's located on the Strip, so it'll automatically be hella expensive.  The person at the counter tried to sell me on getting some cookies as well. Not this time, but who knows. I could end up getting a cookie bender in Vegas one day.  At the end of the day, I thought Bouchon Bakery was worth the stop!
5 The raspberry macaroons are the REAL reason I go to Las Vegas every year.  (OK, my boss pays for the trip under the pretense of sending me to the Consumer Electronics Show- but he's really just making an effort to keep me on staff by paying for me to get my Bouchon macaroon fix.)  It's a little bakery stand in The Venetian.  You'll find a couple of locations scattered around.  There are two (one upstairs, one downstairs) up on the north end where there's a raised walkway across the strip to TI & Mirage.  I tend to go to the upstairs one, as it's on my walk over to the Expo center, and the CES shuttle busses to the LVCC.  I've seen a few walk-in closets bigger than the stand I frequent- but as long as it's big enough to hold the macaroons (and an attendant to sell them to me, along with a cup of coffee), that's all that matters.  The macaroons seem a little high-priced (but what in Vegas isn't?), but once you take a bit, you'll know instantly that you would pay more.  They're delicate and chewy all at the same time.  Not overly sweet, but sweet enough to satisfy a bakery craving.  The outer shell crumbles nicely, and the core is creamy and firm.  I dream about these macaroons.  You need one.  Go get one- or a dozen.
5 There is nothing in this world I love more than a French Macaron. And the Macarons here are GIANT and DELICIOUS. I work on the strip and whenever I have a difficult day at work, I stop by and grab a big box of these on my way home. Never fails to brighten my day!   The coffee flavor is my favorite.  As I generally cant stand any bakery item or dessert that is coffee-flavored, this came as a surprise to me. I think it's because the espresso flavor is so rich and pairs well with the creaminess of the butter cream sandwiched in between the cookie layers. It's like the cookie version of a latte.   I wasn't particularly fond of the raspberry ones though. I prefer the fruit flavored macarons to have the jelly-like filling instead of the butter cream-like one. Despite that, Bouchon is still my favorite place to get macarons in Vegas!
2 Bouchon. I really need to adjust my expectations accordingly because due to the hype, I always associated Bouchon with all things awesome and so far, all my experiences have bordered only OK to meh (my other experiences: Bouchon Bakery in NYC & Bouchon in Bev Hills).   But I'm just mostly sad..the fool me once, fool me twice thing, now fooled me the third time!!! During our trip here for NYE2012, we had some time to kill before all the festivities and took a walk on the strip. I spotted Bouchon bakery and excitedly pointed out to my bestie that this place is suppose to have the BEST MACARONS! That got her all excited too so we picked up a pre-boxed of mini (6 for $12) to share a bunch of different flavors and bask in its glory.   The first 3 out of the box were straight up stale. We wouldn't have realized it until we got to the last 3 and realized how much better tasting those were. At $2 for each dinky one, that is unacceptable.   In the future, I would definitely question the pre-boxed stuff and ask how long it has been sitting there. The premium price tag should mean consistency.   I am disappoint.
4 This bakery is just a little to-go place, in the middle of the Venetian hotel. They are separate from the Bouchon restaurant (which is upstairs). Their selection is limited unlike their other bakery in Napa. However I make good use of their daily selection of macarons, croissants and pastries. The macarons are huge but their selection is limited with just the basic flavors. When you do have a chance to go to Napa, pls stop by their bakery there. I love their seasonal flavors and my favorite was the Cherry Cheesecake macaron and Monkey Bread.  The male barista during my visit was a bit overwhelmed. I ordered chai tea to go and he made me 3, lol. Then he had to deal with the British couple after me, who were angry at him for not allowing them to pay through their hotel bill. WTF?  Poor guy.   Anywho, their croissants are pretty good and I always order a box to go for my grandma. It can get pretty pricey as these are artisanal baked goods and hand crafted pastries....and of course it's Thomas Keller.
3 I tried out the macaroons and the almond croissant. The almond croissant was nice and flaky and had the right flavor, but I thought it was a bit dryer and crunchier than I was expecting, especially for the first few bites. The macaroons were the right flavor, but when you bit into them they didn't have the pillowy center I was expecting. In my opinion it was a bit too spendy for the quality ($3.50 for a small 2" diameter macaroon??)
3 Love Bouchon and like this bakery. For my first visit to Vegas since moving to Oklahoma, my friends wanted to drop by Bouchon for some goodies to go. I never knew this place existed. No scratch that. I knew this place existed, but I didn't know they were spewing out outrageously scrumptious confections! It sits behind escalators and can be pretty hidden unless there is a line. I ordered a iced green tea and had a bite of a vanilla macaroon. Holly cow!!! The macaroon was really smooth and not too chewy. The flavors reminded me of vanilla bean ice cream. My tea gave it a nice complement to die down the sweetness a bit. I really want to try a chocolate croissant, but they were out. It was around noon on a Sunday so I'm making a mental note to come back early in the AM!
3 3.5 Stars.  Came here for the first time during a vegas super bowl get-a-way! One of my besties (Rosie) and her bf brought some back for me a few years ago, but I never got to try them fresh. The bf and I got a nutter butter, 6 French macarons, and a chocolate dipped raspberry macaron. I thought the macarons were pretty subpar. The NUTTER BUTTER was our favorite thing! It was gigantic and super delicious ! I also really enjoyed the chocolate dipped macaron minus the fact that it tasted like hazelnut when it was supposed to be raspberry, but I'm not complaining I love hazelnut. I thought the texture of the macarons were a bit too chewy. The weird thing though, the macarons tasted better the next day! Instead of becoming stale, they were of beter consistency of a macaron lol. Yum. Most def, would come back for more nutter butters  maybe try a few other flavors of the macarons.
5 This is a pretty small place, so there's not much to say.  Just a few notes though....  My favorites *  Oh Oh - Used to be called a Ho Ho, but I think Hostess had a problem with that.  But, this is pretty much a gourmet ho ho and it is awesome! *  TKO - This one is like a gourmet Oreo.  In fact, I think the name stands for Thomas Keller Oreo. *  Vanilla clair - Simply a pate choux pastry with vanilla custard and cream. *  Strawberry/Cream Cheese Croissant *  Nutter Butter  Other notes: -  Opens at 6am, which I guess is early for a Vegas crowd.  10 am would probably still be early, too! -  I'm not a big macaroon person, but they have a pretty good selection here.  They also have 2 different sizes. -  They run out of some pastries fairly early in the day, so if there's one particular thing that you like, make sure you go early. -  Coffee is good and the accoutrements are at the side (just in case you were looking for them).
4 Best Americano I have ever had. The PB/chocolate and red velvet cupcakes are overrated. Carrot cake cookie is good. Go for the espresso drinks. Can't beat them.
5 I love this place this is the 2nd time I have been here. The first I had chicken and waffles which were outstanding! I had poached eggs bacon and potatoes this last time and it was great. I also got donuts which were so good! The had cinnamon. And sugar with chocolate dipping sauce! This will be a place I go every time!
3 We decided to make a quick stop here for breakfast and for coffee before we drove out to California. We walked down the strip to The Venetian, and started to look for the bakery. Since we couldn't find any signs pointing the way, we stopped and asked someone. We were told that it was upstairs on the 10th floor. We continued on through the casino and then asked someone else, who pointed us around the corner, where we found the bakery.   We later discovered that it wasn't the full bakery, but a little quick-buy section. We ordered a Madeline, some macarons, a plain croissant and a chocolate croissant as well as coffee. The macarons were outstanding, the coffee and the vanilla ones were the best. They were beautifully flavored and lovely and chewy, but crisp. The rum ones, and a few other flavors, weren't as good, but were still tasty. The croissants and the madeline were tasty, but quite stale, which was a huge disappointment.  To top it off, our big was huge. It was close to $50, which is ridiculous for a few baked goods and two coffees, especially since half the stuff we bought was stale, and we bought it in the morning.
5 The chocolate and red velvet cupcakes where good but the better one was  the breakfast selection of cupcake it looked like sliced bread blended then backed plus it was full of raisins, however, it was so good!!   I have always loved traditional French style of baking, and this place does it right. All the selections are crispy on the outside warm and soft on the inside, just the way baked treat should be. I am most defiantly visiting again and again! Plus I removed this place highly!
4 I have been dying to make a stop at Bouchon bakery, one of five locations by the renowned Chef Thomas Keller. This was checked off my wish list today! The PALM SIZED macarons were yummy and had the perfect consistency! The raspberry and caramel macarons were delightfully delicious and for coffee lovers, the coffee macaron was on the strong side, but I love my coffee black so I was a huge fan of it!  This cute little shop in the Venetian also has coffee, wraps, salads, muffins, and cinnamon rolls available. I'll be back for seconds on macarons and to try the cinnamon roll!
3 The macaroni and chocolate croissant were okay... nothing special. The cappuccino was lacking in flavor.
4 Having been to Bouchon Bakery in Yountville, I was slightly disappointed in the selection at this location. It is a decent selection and they do have specials, but they don't carry items like the chocolate covered macaroons. The larger macaroons also aren't as large as the macaroons I've had from Bouchon in Yountville (although the price is still the same).   They have a special where you can buy 5 macaroons and get 1 free. You can choose your flavors or they have some pre-packaged. The macaroons themselves, although not as big as I'm used to, are still really delicious...even a couple days after they're good!   Now that I know where this location is in Vegas (it's by the theater in the Venetian), I will definitely make sure to stop in for a treat. It wasn't busy at all either when we stopped in the afternoon on a weekday.
4 Always good but overpriced.  This time I had the ham and cheese baguette. $9 for about a 7-8 inch baguette.  Their bread is always fresh, and crunchy.  Their cheese and spread is very buttery flavorful but not super salty or super heavy.  Their coffee was not as strong as the ones I had in NYC... twice.  Maybe New Yorkers need a stronger coffee.
5 Found this small bakery tucked into the corner of Venetian....after so many stays at Venetian walking past this bakery I decided to give it a try.  I ordered one macaroon and immediately became hooked!  Wow, the best macaroon I have ever had!  Way better than other places who specialize in making macaroons (Letts, Bottega, etc).  The macaroon is large enough so you get a good taste, and one is enough to satisfy your craving.  The filling is not too sweet and has good flavor...enough said go try and be the judge!  After trying one, my friends all bought a box to go.  We gobbled them all up during our drive back to LA!  My favorites are the raspberry and pistachio macaroons.
5 This is a cute little place that makes your mouth water. It's located in the Venetian, on the strip. There is outdoor seating and you can order from inside or outside.  They have croissants, beignets, macarons, chocolate croissants, strawberry croissants, cheese danishes, almond croissants, sandwiches, coffee, lattes, and sooo much more.  All I had was a chocolate croissant, warmed up. But it was delicious and I will definitely be returning when in the area. Thank you Vince for the great service!
2 Super disappointed with a recent experience to Bouchon Bakery.  Having had Bouchon macarons before, I thought it would be worth it to drive to the Venetian hotel, park and walk through the casino for this tasty little treat.  I had a friend in town on a short layover and had told her how these were the best tasting macarons I had ever had, including our many trips to Paris.  Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE. At $3.50 per cookie, I expected them to be super fresh and melting in my mouth. They were not moist, but completely dry and old tasting. Two stars because the chai latte was decent.
5 When I die and go to heaven, as I step off the plane, St. Peter (and my mom) will meet me with a tray of pastries from Bouchon bakery!!!  LOL The almond croissants and macarons are pretty damn close to being the best things I've ever put in my mouth!
5 GF closed eyes and big smile after biting into one of the macroons. So it must be good tucked in inside paris near the crossing bridge ordered the macroons. they had a deal. buy 6 for the price of 5. and she also got this brownie thing. everyhing came out to be $18 think macroons were pretty good size if you're ever around just walking and want some pastry/cake, come here. very small shop  it was a great find considering that we were walking around and just so happened to stumble on this place
4 The nutter butter cookie was heaven.  The filling was so smooth and creamy.  I wished I ordered some to go for my trip back to Seattle.  The red velvet cake was very good too.  I also tried the carrot cake cookie which was more like two soft carrot cake muffin tops with cream cheese filling inside...yummy.  For some reason, the plain croissant and the pain au raisin tasted stale and dry that day.  We purchased it around 11 am...bummer, we had to throw most of it away.
3 Just basing this review on the failed macarons.. I had high expectations heading to Bouchon for their macarons and was quite disappointed. My macarons had a paper thin spread of filling inside and weren't that great. I've had better ones. They are quite big and worth the price you pay for the size you do get compared to all of the other macaron shops I have tried. Will give it another try, but will try the Bouchon in Beverly Hills next time!
2 Extremely hard to find.  It's located under an escalator at a dead-end area of the casino.  Unless you walk all the way to the front door of the Venetian theater and turn around (it'll be behind you) then you could easily spend 30 minutes searching for it (like I did.)  Another reviewer said it's near Lux Cafe...not really.  It's a good bit away from it. The casino signs for it stop when you're still too far away to find it, and casino staff seemed not to have heard of it.  I asked two - one sent me to the Lux Cafe bakery; the other tried to send me to the restaurant, which is located on another floor.  Fairly pricy.  Service was average; staff let a drunk woman cut in front of me and said nothing about it.  They got my order wrong, but fortunately I checked my bag, and they did fix it when I asked.  But the biggest reason for 2 stars: Seriously underwhelming pastry.  I ordered a macaron, TKO (Thomas Keller Oreo), a bouchon, a croissant, and a mini almond loaf, and coffee. The only things I would have ordered again are the coffee (not exceptional but good) and the almond loaf, which was quite tasty if not ideally fresh.  The TKO was decent but too sweet - that white chocolate ganache didn't blow me away.  I'm pretty damn sure that everything except possibly the TKO was not baked that same day.  I went around 11 AM; perhaps things are better/fresher earlier?
5 If there were a Bouchon Bakery in Chicago I would go every day. In Vegas we did go every day...sometimes twice a day. From sandwiches to pastries to the better butter (peanut butter sandwich cookie) and oh oh (Ho-Ho), we devoured every last crumb. We're headed to Napa in a month and clearly we know at least one stop we'll be making. Every day....
1 The store has very limited products and is hard to find.  Croissants were very dry and hard like a rock. They must have been sitting there at least 2 days. You need a lot of water to swallow them. very disappointed.
5 Lovely French bakery in the Venetian Hotel.  Pastries are fresh and deviously delightful.  European style sandwiches are very good too.  Good quality bakery in a day where most are below standard.   Love Bouchon Bakery!
4 Pricey but delicious.  Cheese danish was light & flaky. Friendly service. Hit the spot while I waited for Vegas to wake up!
4 My cheese danish was light & fluffy.  Friendly service.  And a nice patio to enjoy my sweet while I waited for Vegas to wake up!
3 Girlfriends would boast about Bouchon so this was my first shot of trying one out. Well, at least the bakery part.   There's apparently 3 locations within the Venetian Casino, I managed to find two out of three. This one I found was near one of the hotel entrances.  The line builds up quickly, so if you've heard of Bouchon or can smell the pastry, get in line! And no cutting!!!!  Tried their regular and chcolat croissant---they nailed it perfectly just like the ones in Paris.  Vanilla and chocolate eclair: so damn yummy. Each bite explodes of flavor, I'll leave that to you to think about.  What they dropped the ball on the bread pudding. Way too much raisins jammed into the  overly dry pastry that you end up building a pile of raisins as you rip through pieces of the bread pudding. Mind you, we got out pastries at 9am.   Another note that if you order any type of drinks here on top of the pastry, you pay for everything, get the pastries up front...but the procedure on how you get your drink is idiotic. That definitely needs to be improved because not noting what they just made or even a name to a particular drinks= many pissed off faces standing by a counter that only lets one person get to it to get a drink. One. at. a. time.  Oh dear...
4 Thomas Keller does not disappoint! I love their macarons here! It's $3.50 a pop but it's the bigger one so you can really enjoy and savor each and every bite without having to worry that it'll all be gone after just two meager bites. I had the chocolate and pistachio. Both were fantastic! Not too sweet, texture is just perfect, filling is not overwhelming but still rich in flavor. You can tell there's so much love put into that pastry. I will come back to try more flavors and their other pastries the next time I'm in Vegas.   Prepare to look for this place. We got lost a couple of times before finally getting here. It is located near the casino under/behind the escalators.
3 The macarons were pretty standard, and on the pricey side unless you get a 5 pack. Would give them 4 stars, but the first time we tried to go there, it was an absolute nightmare. We asked two Venetian employees where it was; one gave directions to the "closest one" and said there were three locations, the other said there was only one location and directed us to the one under the escalators by the Grand Lux. We arrived at that location 7 minutes before 9 (closing time) and the place was abandoned. We made it to the one facing the Strip about 3 minutes later just by chance and it was also closed. That location also opened late the next morning when we went back and I would have foregone the entire thing had I not wanted macarons so badly before my flight home. On the plus side, there was no line at all and I really liked the packaging of the 5-pack for the airplane.
5 My favorite place for macarons. Favorite flavor is the pistachio and the PB&J.  The macarons have the right texture. A delicate crispy shell around a chewy macaron.   When I lose at the penny slots, an enormous macaron from this place makes it all better.  I don't leave Las Vegas unless I have a box of macarons to bring home.  If you follow them on Instagram they post the dates when they hold classes on how to make these addicting little pieces from heaven.
1 so I decided to give this place a try for their macarons and OMG I'm so disappointed. I don't understand how this place got good reviews for their macarons. It basically just crumbled and fell apart in the box that they gave me and where is the filling? Definitely worth the price that I paid for. =(
5 GET THE 6-PACK MACRONS.  you will certainly not regret it.  each bite is like a sweet, light, buttery, heavenly, melt in your mouth, slightly chewy, well defined flavor of goodness.  i will come back to try the carrot cake sandwich!  mmm...cream cheese frosting
5 Holy Baked Goods, Batman!!!  This place, OMG, I mean, wowzers.  There really aren't words available to properly describe the tasty goodness that is Bouchon.  On my recent trip to Vegas, I had pastries, macarons, coffee and cookies from this place every day.  The cheese danish was killer!  It is a good thing we don't have one of these in Phoenix because I would probably weigh 300lbs if I had easy access to this place.  The macarons are a must, just do it, and if your me, get your macarons with a side of cheese danish - yes, I'm that girl.  :)  Enjoy!
5 it's Bouchon do i need to say more???
4 I tried the macarons here when I indulged myself and got the six pack.  For $17.50, I had high expectations considering Bouchon's reputation and all.  Their macarons are twice the size of macarons that I've tried before so I was kind of digging that.  Despite their bigger size, the taste and flavor were not compromised.  The cream wasn't too sweet and the cookie part was soft and not dry.  It's too bad that the pastry chef leader or team weren't there at the kiosk at the Venetian where I got these because I'd give each person a high-five for making such damn good macarons!  It's a nice luxurious but expensive treat.  For me, a nice reward to look forward to eat at the end of a typical crazy Vegas trip!  Next up, actually eating at Bouchon the restaurant itself!
3 3.5 stars.  I have Thomas Keller's book of the same name and I was really looking forward to Bouchon Bakery and trying some of the stuff I have been drooling over in the book.   The bakery was way smaller than I expected. I kinda expected a nice cafe/bakery but it was more of a casual take away place.   I only tried their Pistachio macaron and it was very delicious. It was light and very airy and not too sweet.  Their overall selection of their baked items was pretty small and limited. I do wish I had tried more of their other stuff and hopefully I will be back in the future to try some more.
5 it closes a tad early so make sure you get there nice and early!!!
5 Found it on Yelp.... Staying at the other end of The Strip....  Worth the drive!  Delicious almond pastry (and very sweet) and chocolate almond pastry!  Coffee was amazingly good as well (from a Starbucks coffee-lover).
3 Pastries were pretty average if you're accustomed to quality pastries in Europe, but worth a stop if you're nearby and peckish.
4 Macarons to die for here! I had to return more than once for them:)  The beignets were equally as good but they didn't have any wow to them for me.  I think the prices are quite reasonable here for what they serve.
2 overrated indeed.  tried 6 of their macarons flavors and most if not all taste fresh in terms of flavor. they all tasted somewhat artificial!  definitely something you try once to see for yourself and can say that you've tried it before but never go back for more type of dealio. There are better macaron places out there. Their chocolate chip cookies are good but then again, how wrong can you go with chocolate chip cookies? haha
4 My ham and cheese croissant and kids carrot cake cookie were very good. The Fiji water for 6+ bucks was stupid though. Easy to find if you can read.
5 This rating is only representative of the chocolate macaroons.  As a chocolate lover these are awesome.  Great deep rich chocolate flavor without being overly sweet.  The texture is perfect as well as the outer shell is light and crunchy, the inside is soft and chewy with a beautiful chocolate center.  I always get macaroons whenever I see them and this place has the best.  Further, these are almost twice as big as regular macaroons.  Always, ALWAYS get a box of 6 because you get 1 free as it helps to alleviate the price a little even though macaroons are pricey everywhere (even for small ones).  I've also gotten the 3 pack of chocolate chip cookies and they were great also...good chocolate flavor and a nice texture.  The first time we tried the macaroons, we tried almost all the flavors...the other flavors were OK, but I can't recall any single flavor standing out except chocolate.  Every subsequent trip to Bouchon has consisted of only the chocolate macaroons.  The ironic part is that there is a Bouchon in Beverly Hills but we never go when we are there, it's almost as if it's a Vegas tradition for us.  In a city where desserts at buffets are rampant and way too sweet, these chocolate macaroons are the best treat around.
4 Most people know the Bouchon Bakery kiosk by the Venetian theater and Grand Luxe Cafe, but there is actually three satellites within the Venetian. This one is located under the clock tower and apparently there is a third in the sports book I haven't been to.   So if you are outside, it is to the left of the gondolas right under the 2nd floor bridge from across the street so it's probably easiest to get to if you aren't staying here and walking the strip. This has outdoor seating, if you want to soak up the sun. From inside, go towards the Poker Room and follow it  to the right to a hallway going out and you'll see it.   These will have the same treats as the original one, but this seems to have less traffic. I happen to pass by the theater one afterward and there was many things that were out that I did see at this one. If you're looking for a specific treat, call all three and see which one has it. I didn't get too much on this visit, I just wanted macarons. If you buy 5 of them, you get 1 free ($3.50 each) which fills their gift box perfectly if you are gifting these to someone.   They were pretty friendly in here answering my questions about various things. Will be back, of course! Bouchon has been one of my favorite bakeries for years.
4 We ate there for breakfast this past Saturday and loved it ! It was three of us girls and we all loved what we had. We went for breakfast and I had the American which was eggs, toast,  bacon and sausage. The toast was light and wonderful and it also comes with a pastry. I chose the strawberry croissant which was heavenly ! My niece had the blueberry muffin which was wonderful ! Her apple juice tasted like it was just picked off the tree! And the coffee was excellent.  We will be back for sure.  I would like to try it for lunch next time. Wait staff was accommodating and very professional !
4 This is a cute little stand in the Venetian Hotel.  We came here at about 8am in the morning specifically for their macarons.  My current obsession is this light, chewy little cookie.  I ordered the caramel, coffee, red velvet and my friend ordered the vanilla and chocolate.  She wanted to see why I was making such a big deal about these cookies. Bouchon's macarons are bigger than the normal macarons and hence the price tag of $3.50.   So far, these are the best macarons in the US I've had since returning from Paris.   The cookie has a nice consistency and the center has a slight chewiness.  It's like a sweet party in your mouth.  My friend tried them and her exact words were "oh, now I see what you're talking about, these things are delicious!"  I definitely plan to return here to try the other macaron flavors when I return to Vegas!
5 All the sweet treats you could ever want plus they've got jars of foie that you can smuggle back to CA on your way outta Sin City.  Notable items include their perfectly made macarons (strawberry lemonade is my fave), their delicious foie gras mousse, and last but not least the single greatest pastry ever made, the Kouign-Amann, which is a sweet and salty buttery treat that will make love to you taste buds and leave you wanting to smoke a post-coital cigarette.  BEST THING EVER!
3 Given their reputation I had to try it. Actually I tried it 2 years ago and I wasn't really impressed. So I had to try it again, cause my wife liked it. We got a wide selection of items: chocolate almond croissant, pain au raisin, strawberry croissant, chocolate croissant, beignet, pecan roll, and a few others that I can't remember. The only things that I really liked were the strawberry croissant that had a streusel on top and the beignet. I thought everything else tasted a little dry. BTW the latte was really good. Overall the prices weren't bad considering you're inside a casino in Vegas and everything is more expensive. I thought the majority of the pastries were better than average but not as good as any basic pastry shop in a Paris train stop. I don't think I would go out of my way to stop there, but would stop if it was on my way. Frankly the croissant shop around the corner from my house makes a lighter, fluffier and tastier croissant, but their coffee sucks. After reading some if the other posts, I wish I would have gotten a macaroon but I couldn't justify paying $3.50 for one. There's an italian bakery in San Francisco's little italy that makes these and sells them for less than a $1 a piece and they're perfect. Although they're a little smaller.
4 This place is great - great! It is also quite busy, so, admire the servers for their ability to keep the line moving, especially when they are packed behind the counter like sardines.  Great selections in the pastry case (the beignets were possibly the best I've ever had), from large breakfast pastries, to small bites, to sandwiches. And, possibly more important, an excellent quality hot tea (which is surprisingly difficult to find at most bakeries).  Most importantly, I needed to cater a small meeting in the morning and the staff there was able to accommodate my last-minute request for 20-ish pastries. THey were boxed up, presentable, and ready to pick up on time. You wouldn't think that should be mentioned as a compliment -- you would think that would be assumed when you place an order. But, you would be wrong.  Bouchon Bakery handled it all. I went every day of my stay.
5 I've been a follower of Thomas Keller for a while now and when I found out that he had a franchise in Vegas, I had to stop by. This location is a bit hard to find but make sure to ask one of the workers and they'll gladly point you in the right direction to go.  Once you go in, it's only a small store but it does have a lot of items. There is a variety of macarons at $3.50 a piece. A little on the expensive side, but well worth what you pay for. They also have a variety of other pastries, cookies, and cakes. I only tried their Pistachio macaron and it was ah-mazing. I have tried many macarons but I have never had one that was this perfect before. The cookie had a nice dome on the outside and the inside was soft without the chewy-ness of it being under-done. It melted in my mouth! So good! Next time, I'll definitely try more!   I'm hungry for more! Thank you Bouchon!
3 Bouchon Bakery cupcakes was delicious, however, whoever is running this place should get rid of their  staff, Mary. This is not the place for her, customer is always right and don't treat me like shit. I don't really know what you're bitching about,  I'm so sorry that I interrupted your conversation with that fat janitor wherein I'm  the only customer, I'm sorry if I had to change my mind because you are not listening to me, then you just gave me an attitude. My day was going well until I encountered you. All I can say, watch out for this Mary, i'm giving this place a 3 star, but customer service is 1 star!!!! Mary you really ruined my day!!!
5 We stopped in the Venetian for breakfast at Bouchon and was told about the bakery in the lobby.  Before we made the drive to CA we stocked up on pain au chocolate and macarons.  All I have to say is wow!  My daughter who is obsessed with macarons loved them.  Try the raspberry...amazing!
4 I come here just for the macaron's. If I could eat nothing but them I would, however, my checking account can't handle it. The last time we went we got 12 macarons and a coffee and spent about $50. There is a buy 5 get 1 free deal, so in my head I make  myself think that I am spending so much just to get a deal.   When you first bite into this cookie you get the slight crunch of the outside shell then a cake like consistency, then chewy, and THEN the most heavenly center of anything that could be a center of goodness(if that makes sense).  GAH IT IS SOO GOOD when it hits your lips.   My favorite flavors are the chocolate and vanilla.   The chocolate has the most amazing ganache that melts as soon as it hits your tongue. Usually I think vanilla is too plain for me, but this is not the case here. You can see the vanilla beans from the pods and it is so light and sweet, just amazing.  STOP READING AND GO GET SOME!!!
5 My friend flew me back three macarons from Bouchon Bakery, and even eaten a day later, they were phenomenal.  The macarons here are definitely sizable to the point where you may feel a cavity after finishing just one.  However, there is a perfect ratio of cream to cookie and the texture are pretty perfect.  Probably some of the best macarons I have had since coming back from Paris last year!  I had the pistachio and strawberry lemonade, both of which were delicious.  My fiance had the coffee, which he reports had a strong coffee flavor, which he loved.  If you're a macaron lover, I definitely recommend Bouchon!  Yet another point to prove that I should never doubt Thomas Keller.
5 I heard many reviews on this place. Not much of a pastry person, especially for breakfast, so didn't try that. I came across this right after I won a few bucks on a slot machine, and thought I deserved a treat! I grabbed a carmel macaroon... OMG!!!! Was perfect! I've never had a macaroon before, but so glad I did. Dont know what I'll do now, since I won't be able to get my fix at home... I should had bought a dozen!
3 I was really excited to visit Bouchon Bakery after all the reviews I read. My main reason to visit was to try a macaron. It was underwhelming to say the least. It wasn't bad but it wasn't the greatest either. I had a pistachio and raspberry. I would definitely try them again but it was just so-so. For 7$bucks for both I was hoping for a bit more.
4 I'm reviewing just the macarons!   I went shopping with a bunch of cousins in the Venetian/Palazzo, and we were leaving when I saw Bouchon. I couldn't resist.   I popped in and bought 3 macarons: Raspberry, blueberry, and pistachio. The blueberry is this gorgeous blue color, and since I love blueberries, I was so excited!   All three macarons were delicious -- I assume the pistachio was, since my husband got to it before I did. The raspberry was yummy, but the blueberry was my favorite. The floral berry taste was like eating an intense blueberry. I coudn't get enough.   The texture of the massive macarons (as big as my palm) was very refined, light, but crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside. Perfection.
5 Thomas Keller and Bouchon, you have my heart.  I'm still dreaming about the red velvet cupcake with the humongous filling on the top with the red sparkly glitter.  Bouchon makes Sprinkles cupcakes taste like recycled plastic brown bags.  Never though I would ever spend $75 on sweets but it was worth every cent.
5 Delicious macaroons! So glad I forced my friends to help me find this location at the Venetian while we were in Vegas.  It was totally worth it.  I plan to stop by the location in NYC on my next trip.
3 This location is sort disappointing after you've gone to the Yontville location. Workers here are totally disorganized and you don't really feel like they give a s**t. They could be working at the golden arches tomorrow and it wouldn't make a bit of difference.
5 Complete your Vegas trip by stopping at Bouchon Bakery--BEST MACARONS BY FAR!  I tried the Vanilla, Chocolate, and Pistachio macarons and every bite of it was EXQUISITE, EXTRAORDINARY, ELEGANT, and EXCELLENT in terms of size, looks, and flavor--you get the point. But man... I'm really impressed. Way to go Thomas Keller!  Also, since we went to Bouchon for breakfast, our receipt entitled us to 15% off at Bouchon Bakery. That was cool but we would have stopped by the Bakery with or without the discount anyways. Nevertheless, if you don't dine at Bouchon, you can still get BUY 5 GET 1 FREE MACARONS.  Looking forward to coming back and also to dining at the French Laundry in the future!
1 I came here in search of delicious macarons and boy did they fail! I read so many rave reviews on yelp regarding the macarons! Their macarons are DISGUSTING! They tasted like gummy crackers gone wrong, nothing close to what a macaron should taste like. We bought four to split between the two of us, my husband and I, and we ended up tossing all four in the trash around the corner. Yuck!
3 Annnnnd here we have the famous macarons of Thomas Keller, of French Laundry fame and so many cookbooks (including Ad Hoc, which is amazing). Given the name that Thomas Keller has made for himself, these just HAD to be the best macarons ever, right? (Well, other than Laduree in New York, which I've not had a chance to try yet (they actually invented the macaron as we know it, I believe).  So here I am, with a 3.50 macaron. Pricey? Yes, but this is a pretty big macaron too. I bite into it. The shell gives away under your bite, cracking and retaining a delicious crunchy exterior that is ever so delicate. My girlfriend gushes about how these are texturally, the best macarons ever. And I agree. Out of all of the macarons I've tried, the crispness and delicacy of the Bouchon macaron is supreme.  Too bad it doesn't taste like anything.   We got raspberry and their special flavor of the month (or week, or something?) which was strawberry lemon. I could BARELY taste the raspberry, and subsequent bites lost all flavor completely - I could taste the almond from the almond meal. And the strawberry lemon? A bit better, at least each bite tasted slightly like lemonade and not almonds.   If you're a texture hound, these are possibly the best I've had, but if you're like me, and desire macarons for the intense flavor profile that repeatedly wallops you in the face, Bouchon doesn't deliver.
3 My daughter wanted me to bring back some famous macarons from this bakery as she likes to compare other macarons to hers and I noted that there are 3 stores but they are hard to find.  Just follow the signs to Bouchon Bakery inside the casino of the Venetian and walk alongside the wall and follow the signs past the restrooms.  I was about to go up to the elevators to the Bouchon Bistro and asked the security guard and he pointed to behind him and there it was.  I was able to buy 5 and get one free but at $3.50 apiece, yikes!  These traveled from Vegas to Oakland and they are huge but there doesn't seem to be much flavor in these macarons as I bought one of each flavor:  coffee, raspberry, strawberry lemonade, chocolate, pistachio and salted caramel.
5 Honestly I never liked macaroons. I didn't understand the hype. Thought they were just overpriced overly sweet fancy Oreos. I was recently in Vegas and all my cousins dragged me to this "random" bakery that Just so happens to sell macaroons. I didn't want any, but they made me try! Omg! The texture was wonderful! And it wasn't overly sweet! I was so in love I left the bakery with 117 dollars worth of macaroons. I had to share these with everyone I knew back home. Call me crazy? I don't care!
1 HORRIBLE  customer service ever. My husband and I were in Vegas for vacation this summer (June 2013) and our first morning we went for coffee at Bouchon. We were surprised when we saw the coffee mug given to us. One of the coffee cup had disturbing Racist comments written over it.  We were shocked but did not wanted to argue with the servers. We went directly to the hotel concierge and the manager was called. They were shocked to read it too. The hotel security was called and a complaint was filed against the bakery staff.  We were told that the matter would be investigated and someone from the bakery will contact us within 24 hours. We were there for 4 days and never ever heard back anything. Our whole vacation was spoiled because of this disturbing experience. After about 3 weeks when I called the bakery manager she admitted that she was aware of the situation and started making stories that it was the customer's fault. When I told her that I was the customer, she completely flipped and said ,"oh let me investigate and call you back." Since then I have never ever heard anything from them.  The WORST customer service I have ever seen in my life !!!!!
4 I tried their coffee macaroon and almond croissant. The coffee macaroon was average to me. Maybe I have high expectation to this place and thought the coffee favor would be more rich and strong. But I like their almond croissant. It has a rich almond filling inside.
4 I went early Saturday morning on a walk from Cosmo and wanted coffee that wasn't starbucks.  I came for the palm-sized macaroons after seeing it on yelp, and I was not disappointed!  Followed the directions of looking under the escalators past the Grand Lux Cafe, and lo and behold a long but quick moving line.  So many flavors to choose from, and I settled on a pistachio one and a strawberry lemon one to go with my small coffee.  Quite a pricey little breakfast snack, but you're in Vegas and if you like macaroons, it's worth it.
4 We stayed at the Venetian in Vegas and decided to try this place out for breakfast.  My boyfriend and I have a heard a lot about the croissants and pastries, and we decided to try out a smorgasbord of them for breakfast.  We tried (and loved):  The plain croissant, pecan sticky bun, cheese danish,, the strawberry croissant (special of the day), and the chocolate croissant (not the best, but still tasty).  I would have rated it a full 5 stars if it wasn't for the service.  I ordered coffee and asked repeatedly for cream (of which I asked for when I originally ordered my coffee) and it didn't arrive until I reminded him 2 more times and my coffee got cold.  I tried to then get him to bring me hot coffee, but that took a while as well.  All in all, the pastries were amazing.  I saw other plates that I wanted to try, and we plan on going back!
4 Forget everything else that they have here and just for the the macarons and Cannelle. I'm pretty sure by now everyone knows Bouchon has a pretty good macarons but you  must have the Cannelles. This is the only Bouchon inside of the Venetian that carries it. They are so so delicious. The outside is slightly crunchy in texture while the inside is soft with the taste of vanilla bean and rum. What's not to like right? Hopefully you weren't there the weekend that I was because I think I bought them all on both days!
5 ernahgawd the reviews are true. seriously, one of the best macaroons I've eaten! and they had this peanut butter cookie, yum!! i wish this place opened at like 5 am after i left the club. i'd be eating this or noodle asia in a heartbeat
5 I stayed in the Venetian and this kiosk was right by my elevator bank. I got breakfast here a few days: pain au choclat one day, an "epi loaf" (mini baguette) with butter and preserves another day. Both were incredible. The pain au chocolat was super flaky and had a very respectable amount of chocolate inside. The epi loaf was just plain good bread, but the preserves were unexpectedly delicious: blackberry jam, just bursting with flavor.  I picked up the large box of macarons on my way home, which comes with a flavor assortment (raspberry, pistachio, salted caramel, vanilla, coffee, and chocolate). Laduree is still my favorite (airier, more delicate) but these were pretty darn good. I'm not sure they were as fresh as they could have been, they had a date sticker on them that was two days old. I think that may have been when they were baked? I was in a rush so I didn't notice until I was in the cab. Regardless, they were pretty great macarons.  Look for this place near the Grand Lux cafe in the Venetian (confusingly, there's also a Grand Lux cafe in the Palazzo). Don't be discouraged if there's a line, it moves fast!
4 I was lucky enough to be staying in the Venetian for 3 nights and would pass this little  Bouchon satellite bakery every time I went up and down the elevators to my room. I had read the Yelp reviews regarding Bouchon's macaroons so I figured I better give them a try.  Picked up 2 lattes (good, not extraordinary), croissant breakfast sandwiches (ham was cold despite being put into the panini maker, but the croissant was DELICIOUS), and 2 macaroons. Let me preface this by stating that I have never thought a macaroon was anything special. In fact, I usually take a bite and hand it off.  But Bouchon's macaroons are really something special! Let's just say that I made quite a few additional stops to the bakery during my stay and tried every flavor and a few of them twice! I wish I brought a box of them home with me but it's probably a good thing for my health that I didn't.
4 Recently stayed at the Venetian and Bouchon was located right before the entrance to the guest room elevators.  It was always so tempting to buy something everytime we passed by.  The lines were not long, and everything in the display case looked mouthwatering!  I wanted my niece to try this place because she loves macarons.  She got a 6-pack of macarons.  raspberry, pistachio, strawberry lemonade, coffee, vanilla bean, and salted caramel.  The coffee and the pistachio were the best tasting flavors.  The others were good, but not as good.  We did try a few other baked goods here, but I cannot recall the exact names of them anymore.  I do remember that they all tasted quite good though.  Surprisingly, the prices were very reasonable as well.  We will, definitely, make Bouchon Bakery a must visit stop for us whenever we're at the Venetian.
1 Visiting Vegas and wanted to try some French pastry. Found this on Yelp. I'm less than impressed. I ordered an epi bread mini baguette, 6 macaroons in 6 flavors and a TKO cookie. The Epi bread was hard as a rock. I threw it away after 1 bite. Plus, fresh bread tastes best hot, not room temp. Next I tried the TKO. Supposedly white ganache inside a chocolate cookie crust. I love ganache so I couldn't wait to try it. Meh. It tasted like an oreo but 10 times more expensive. At least I ate that. Then I had 2 macaroons.  Very gelatinous in texture. Not like a typical macaroon, which I knew from looking at it, but just not very good at all. I'll give them to my friend so at least they won't go to waste but I'm not eating anymore. Not worth it at all.
2 Made a quick stop in Bouchon Bakery as we we're walking around the Strip  Suddenly a craving for a macaron was upon me & who am I to argue such a sugary-pull?  Got the Pistachio & it was hard & chewy - no tender pillow of deliciousness.  Disappointed  Mr got the Banana Walnut Muffin & it was stale.  Dry & tasted old, he threw over 1/2 of it away  Maybe if we had been to the larger bakery inside the Venetian, we might have fared better, but this little kiosk at the clock tower has been neglected  Sadness........
5 BEST BEST BEST MACAROONS!!!!   When I visited New York City last November (2012) I've been on the hunt for awesome macaroons because I've never really liked them until I tasted it there and one of the places I've tried was Bouchon Bakery.   This past trip to Vegas (Oct. 2013) me and the boyfriend and some friends stayed at the Palazzo and the 1st day we arrived, we past by Bouchon bakery on the bottom of Venetian hotel so you know I had to get me some macaroons...yes, it's a little pricey for just one but come on' they are awesome macaroons and the macaroons are actually big and fluffy and creamy and sweet and delicious! I made my boyfriend buy me macaroons from here and the Bouchon bakery next to the Venetian theater everyday we were in Vegas....yes it's that good! I tried the salted caramel, vanilla, seasonal and pistachio flavor but any flavor is legit good!...The lemonade drink is also refreshingly yummy!
5 I love this place!! I've only tried the macarons so far, but they are sooooo good! bigger than you average macarons and they tasted better than most macarons I've had. I always try to stop by and got some macarons when I'm in vegas. definitely a good place to try!
4 Got lost trying to find this place. Took us 20min to actually get to it haha. I got the Pistachio Macaron and their Carrot Cake Cookie Sandwich. Both were delicious and definitely worth the price! Would definitely come back! Would come back even more often if it was cheaper!
4 Best macaron ever. Not those little cute bite sized macaron, but nice cookie sized...and it's chewy!   Don't much care for the fluffy, flakey, macaron.  Cheers, -Herbal Tea
4 If you are staying at the Venetian then a trip to the Bouchon Bakery is a must.  As others have mentioned it's tucked away under an escalator near the main elevator banks for the hotel.  Another has opened on the street between the Venetian and Palazzo on the Venetian side.    The ham and cheese on french bread grilled with mustard is pretty tasty as a lunch option.  Mango yogurt is nice for breakfast, be warned definitely on the sweet side.  The baked goods, like croissants are great as is their coffee.
3 Aren't you just so clever to be located right at the Venetian Towers entrance to the rooms!  Soy Chai latte is a little on the sweeter side for my taste but nonetheless did the job!  oh, earl grey macaron, you make me so happy.
1 Overpriced pastries and lack of choice. I have paid $4 for cappuccino which was exactly 3 sips. Double chocolate chip cookie tasted fine but for the price i would bake it myself. Do not recommend this place.
4 Bouchon Bakery is a little harder to find inside the Venetian hotel but it well worth the search.  They can be found near a second set of elevators by the hotel rooms. As many have said everything is big in Vegas, Bouchon Bakery understands this well as they offer their version of the palm size macaroons. My favourite are Pistachio and Earl Grey.
5 On our last morning in Vegas, my friend, my boyfriend and I just wanted to relax and have a good warm breakfast...nothing wild so that we could calmly take in the beauty of the place.  We walked to the Venetian and right on the corner toward T.I., there was this adorable little bakery (which I now know is part of the Bouchon Cuisine) that smelled of fresh roast coffee.  We ordered the Turkey Sandwich and this really amazing wrap with Chicken, apples, nuts (i think) and coffee.  We sat outside and had a nice view of the strip and the front of the Venetian.  This place was great, and I highly recommend coming here to try...even just a small pastry!
1 I was walking on  strip few days ago, and I see Bouchon Bistro. I love french pastries, so I go in to get 2 croissants. Total was $7.50. I've paid with my debit card. Today, I see a charge of $13, which means that the Phillipina clerk rewarded herself a tip of $5.50. So, beware when paying, always have cash for small purchases, or you'll give greedy people direct access to your bank account. Five dollars isn't much, but if you overcharge all people who pay by card, then it adds to thousands of dollars. I used to live in Hawaii, and this was a common practice for clerks to supplement their income-fraudulently overcharge people.
4 This bakery is great. First off, it's Bouchon so you know you are going to be getting something good. Secondly, it's an express bakery so no long waits.   I came here on Saturday morning and got the carrot cake cookie and two macaroons: pistachio and salted caramel. The carrot cake cookie was great. The macaroons were some of the best I have ever had. They were very large compared to macaroons I have had in the past, but the best part was the creme filling. It was very buttery.   I also ordered coffee and the coffee was very good too.
5 I've been getting pastries from here for years and yes it's a bit pricey but the convenience of getting a coffee & a quick breakfast while being so upscale is worth it.  The macaroons are to DIE FOR!  I have to thank all the people who said where the location actually is so I will post the same.  There are two Grand Lux locations but this kiosk/stand alone bakery is inside the Venetian behind an escalator.  I'm always able to find it because to the left of the escalator is this great chocolate/candy/carmel apple glass stand.
5 I was in Vegas celebrating my 27th birthday with a group of friends and a couple of us found this goldmine on Yelp   We arrived for brunch and the restaurant was full of people and had a 25 minute wait. Which wasn't bad since they offered to text us when our table was ready.    We set in a large booth with velvet seats and our server arrived right away and served us cold water and offered some recommendations.   Two of us ordered the breakfast americaine and another ordered the special which I cannot recall the name. It fid have mushrooms though.  We were served fairly quickly and refills were provided without the need to flag down a waiter.   The food was amazing and the pastires were just to die for.  I found out that Beverly Hills has a bakery and I cannot wait to go check out my local location.   I recommend this place if you want options and melt in your mouth food.
5 I love their macaroons! So far the pumpkin is my favorite. I also like the caramel and coffee flavor too.
5 Still dreaming about the delicious goodness that is the strawberry croissant even though it's been more than a month since I've been here *drooool*  This is no place for people on a low-carb diet. Their pastries are so ridiculously good - you really can't go wrong with anything on display. Their macaroons are monster and the size of your face, but my favorites here are the croissants. The almond croissant, the chocolate, and my personal fave - the strawberry croissant are all to die for. Perfect flakiness, sweetness, and the texture of the smooth strawberry filling...omg. Who needs cronuts when you have croissants like these! They make a solid brew as well and the service was friendly.  A definitely go-to whenever I'm in Vegas and around the Venetian!
5 We had to run over here to buy some French macarons before we left Vegas. The line was about 12 people deep, not too bad. The ladies who helped us were very nice. The macarons were delicious! Will absolutely hit this place up next time we're in Vegas. Wonderful, really wonderful!
4 A convenient bakery located in the sprawling floor of the Venetian. This place is great for those who want to grab a delicious baked good with the comfort of knowing it comes from the same pedigree as the Bouchon restaurant just a few floors above.  With clear glass cases showcasing the beauties behind the invisible cage, it displays baked delicacies with as much sensual gluttony as you'd expect from a city with the word "sin" added in its alias. Everything is enormous, from their macaroons to their, dense, filling bread pudding. Mix it in with a cup of coffee or hot chocolate and you have a perfect pair.  Though the pricing is a bit expensive, with even the macaroons hovering at $3 each, your wallet might not appreciate you going on a spending spree in this one area; however, if you do decide to splurge, at least you know this is one bet you're not gambling on.
5 The bakery is legit... that's all I really have to say. The pastries aren't too decadent and don't leave a crappy filmy feeling in your mouth (you know what I'm taking if you've ever had one of those pastries from Costco... good until it actually sits in your stomach for a bit).  It's worth the quick trip if you don't have the time to do the sit down. Located by the hotel entrance near the hotke theater show for Clay Walker, look beyond the escalator.
1 Have you las vegans lost your mind? How can you even call these macarons?? These are super dry and stale. I haven't had macarons like these since Koreans tried to make macarons in their cafs. I bought a box of 6 huge macarons, they looked so perfect... Until I bit into one, and it burst into a hundred small crumbs all over my jacket. Yeah.... Macarons are definitely not supposed to do that unless they are a week old.
5 This little spot is a must whenever the hubby and I are in town...even if it's just for ONE macaron!   this spot was the very first place I ever tried a macaron and I admit I spent a hundred dollars my first pop because I had to bring the joy back home.   LOL .. little did I know there was a Bouchon in Napa and other places that made macarons too!   I don't regret spending nit trying this place out because it was truly a great experience!
5 Items selected:  Lemon Meringue Buche Noel Pistachio Macaron Peppermint Macaron Chocolate Caramel Macchiato Cupcake with Espresso Filling and Salted Caramel Buttercream Kouign Amann  With a new strip-side location separated from the casino floor the Venetian/Palazzo complex grew slightly sweeter with the addition of Bouchon Bakery II and although each item at this location is available at the original it should go without saying that more Thomas Keller is never a bad thing.  From traditional croissants to palm-sized macarons and onward to seasonal cakes and pastries designed with the utmost care it is with good fortune that I have been to each and every Bouchon Bakery from coast to coast and brimming with consistency, quality, and finesse the only advice I can offer is this; order whatever sounds best and know it will be textbook, and if you get there early enough to experience the viennoisseries warm from oven the don't miss the Kougin Amann - an exemplary preparation at room temperature but infinitely better with the butter still fluid.
4 Love the bakery.
1 Biggest disappointment in Vegas was paying over $3 each for stale, hard macarons (and I had two different flavors, so it wasn't just one bad batch). The people working there were super friendly, but considering I walked a mile out of my way to try the macarons, I was really disappointed. Maybe I just caught them on a really off day, but these were some seriously bad macarons.
2 I grabbed a macaroon here the other day and it sucked. The macaroon itself was huge but very very dry and tasted like it been sitting in the fridge for a week and a half. Literally it had no flavor and was hard as a rock.  For $3.50 it wasn't what I was expecting. If you want a awesome macron go to pasta fresh and get a box.
1 Overrated...macarons were stale. We got a whole box of 6 and all of them were stale...for the price we paid, that is simply not ok. Flavor was just ok on all the ones we tried (pistachio, chocolate, vanilla, coffee)  Macaron Cafe in NYC is wayyy better in terms of flavor and freshness...maybe this  place is good if you're a tourist from nowheresville and have never had good macarons. Otherwise, not sure where all the raving reviews are coming from.
4 Very cool little place to stop if you're walking the strip to grab a coffee, pasty or some macarons.  Located right off the sidewalk in the Venetian, it is pretty convenient.  I thought the macarons were pretty great and the place overall actually feels like a regular bakery instead of a place on the vegas strip, which to me is a big plus.
3 Just went there for tiny breakfast and quite disappointed with the pain au chocolat. Coming from France first yet living in SF, we are used to do much better. Having a French name for a bakery, they should have reached the higher standard off tench pastries. It was a miss. And please people working there. You are maybe entitled to work on a 31 at of December, but a smile at breakfast is a minimum for clients. On the service side you are certainly. Very close to the French lol
4 I found this Bouchon Bakery a little over a month ago when I searched the Venetian and finally found it by the entrance from the Boulevard near the pedestrian walkway to TI.  It's a small space but they pack a lot of goodness here.  I also found yet another Bouchon Bakery one floor above almost where you enter the hotel when you come over the pedestrian walkway.  Bouchon Bakery plus 2.  This will be more convenient for me when I want something from the bakery when I'am at the Palazzo.  It's not too much to go there from the Palazzo displays.  Today, I only bought one pain au chocolate.  It was excellent, my wife reported.  Silly me, did I think I was going to get to eat it?  I like to try different things from Bouchon Bakery.  I love their macarons but I can buy just as good at a bakery closer to home and their price is better than Bouchon's.  This place is always worth a stop if just to look and, yes, buy!
5 While in Vegas, had to hand carry as carry on my macaroons back to San Jose. Next closest Bouchon Bakery is in Yountville .... good thing is that  they packed them nicely for me to travel. Yay!
3 Yet another disappointment on my yelp list for this winter break. I don't know if it was because I came at 9PM for macarons but they were not the best as my friend had promised. I did the buy 5 get 1 free deal for the large ones (the smaller ones would've only cost a dollar less which made me ??? oh well) and got eggnog, salted caramel, pistachio, chocolate, and raspberry. Out of all the flavors, salted caramel was definitely the best, then pistachio, chocolate, raspberry, and eggnog. All of the macarons were too crunchy for my liking. The shells were slightly dried out and didn't have the chewiness I like biting into. And the flavors themselves weren't that vibrant. I didn't feel like I got the pure taste of each flavor in the macarons sadly.   Honestly such a let down but what saved the trip to Bouchon for me was the chocolate almond croissant. I never thought I could like a croissant so much, but this one hit the spot. Even though it took me a full 5 days to finish the croissant, I thoroughly enjoyed every chocolatey bite and correct me if I'm wrong but I think there was also a spread of coconut in between the flakey buttery layers. The croissant didn't go stale and tasted a million times better lightly toasted in the convection oven.   So definitely come here for the chocolate almond croissant. Maybe swing by earlier in the day for fresher macarons? But my past macaron experiences have been much better than Bouchon (they tasted way better and lasted a lot longer) so take caution before you shell out about $3 a cookie.
5 came here on a cool friday morning and was greeted by the sweetest barista, bought a croissant and boy was it good, I even came back the following day to try out their almond croissants...cant complain, one of mt favorite spot to eat at in vegas
5 Favorite cookies in vegas. Everything is so good
5 Oh Bouchon Bakery, why must you be in the lobby of our hotel, just sitting there being so irresistible? We literally stopped for breakfast and dessert on pretty much every day of our most recent Vegas vacation. Because of gluttony, lack of self control, or just plain old delicious baked goods? You be the judge. In any case, I love this place. You can't get better quality baked goods anywhere else. The end.
4 I love macarons, they are just one of the best things to have ever happened to my life!  Bouchon's macarons were light, crisp and just a little sweet. I would happily eat 10 of these things in one sitting. They're much larger than the pictures would lead you to believe.  The thing that really bothered me though is that I purchased half a dozen so they didn't fit in the box completely. Given that I bought these macarons with my suitcase, I assumed the person helping me knew that I was going to be traveling at some point.  Wrong! Came home to broken macarons because of the hollow crispiness. Tears ensued. But a delicious macaron nonetheless!
5 When at Bouchon Bakery, I'm usually here for one thing, macarons. I just can't resist those delicious giant cookies. These are the best in town. Expensive, but worth the price. Everything is done right here, I love the cookies, whoopie pies and yes, even cupcakes.   Pricy, yes, but worth every penny. Most recently I discovered the TKOs and that is precisely what they did, packing quite a punch on my taste buds.
4 I only had two things:   The kouign amann and chocolate chunk chip cookie.The kouign amann lived to up to my expectations and then surpassed it. It was delightfully sweet without going overboard. It was perfectly flaky and buttery. I am still dreaming about it right now.   I wish I could say the same about the cookie. Overly sweet and crumbly.
4 Giant Macarons! A bit too cold for my taste but huge and gooey. Huge selection of sugary carbs in every shape and form. Prepare to blow your wallet if you have a sweet tooth. Overall, good but don't need it every time I go back.
4 I am giving 4 stars for the coffee, otherwise it would only be three. My croissant tasted dry and as if it was made a few days ago. However, I could tell it was yummy. I find it very difficult to find a good cup of coffee out of my house and neighborhood, since we are spoiled in the Bay Area. Sure enough, they actually use a Bay Area roaster (Equator) and it was great and quite the relief!
2 Anyone who says Bouchon has great macarons clearly does not know anything about macarons. I consider myself somewhat of a macaron connoisseur, having discovered them while living in Paris a few years ago. The macarons at Bouchon are horrible. They are overly big, too dense and chewy, and over-refrigerated. They were not fresh or delicate at all. Not even holding them to the lofty standard of Pierre Herm or Ladure, they still pale in comparison to other places in NYC, San Fran, and Vancouver. We usually sit and savor every last crumb, but at Bouchon, we didn't even want to finish them. It was a chore. And way overpriced.  The only reason it gets two stars is because the TKO (like an adult Oreo cookie) was good.
2 No, Bouchon Bakery, you do not get to charge so much for such mediocre pastries. I tried you over and over again out of proximity and necessity while I was here for CES, and while you occasionally satisfied, you almost always disappointed:  Plain croissant - dry Almond croissant - exterior dry, interior too sweet Banana muffin - dry Turkey sandwich - decent Bouchons - decent Kouign Amann - good  It's odd to me that Thomas Keller could let such substandard product go out day after day. Neither location in the Venetian seemed popular and the presentation is fairly poor, so I file the whole enterprise under a big why? We mixed up our Bouchon with sandwiches and pastries from the food court several times, and in all cases we did better there.
5 Awesome place. Coffee was D-lish and they added powered sugar to my brioche! I consider myself a coffee snob (tired of the Starbucks junk) this place is perfect!!
5 Wow they got some yummy chewy macaroons here, a bit pricey like $3.50 for the jumbo sized  ones. A good place for a quick sweet snack.
5 Tips:  If you like peanut butter, I highly recommend getting the "better nutter" cookie. It's basically a peanut butter cookie sandwich. (~$2-$3)  -----------------------------------------------------------  The "better nutter" cookie really is TO DIE FOR. I absolutely love peanut butter and anyone who shares this love will enjoy this cookie as well.  The macarons are pretty good as well. They are a bit harder in the middle, but I like the chewiness.
3 I am in love with Thomas Keller. I think my visit to Bouchon Bakery in Vegas was the first time I've ever been disappointed.   The pastries I had tasted stale, and the condiment counter was a mess--not well stocked, with trash and coffee spiills all over.  I'm chalking it up to a bad day...I'll try again next time.
4 I think this is my favorite Bouchon Bakery location at the Venetian. Which seems a little ridiculous, right? Three locations inside one hotel--you'd think they would all be equal. Yeah...no. Maybe it was just the weekend I was there, but I swear the staff was friendly, everything was cleaner, and the pastries were fresher at this one (I may or may not have gone to all three, and I wasn't even staying at the Venetian).   We stopped here on our way out of town, and grabbed a couple of sandwiches and a bag full of pastries to last the entire car ride back to LA.  Turkey sandwich: Definitely have them heat it up for you. The French baguette is crusty and delicious, the cheese is nice and melty...perfect! Smoked salmon sandwich: Perfectly smoked salmon, piled generously on a Kaiser roll, with sweet pickled onions and watercress. Oh Oh: Keller's take on a Ho. Unbelievable. Perfectly soft chocolate sponge cake rolled with whipped cream, dipped in chocolate ganache that isn't too hard or too sweet, with a sprinkling of chocolate crisps on top. Our Oh Oh had four chocolate crips. When my husband handed my the Oh Oh to take a bite, it was upside down, and I unintentionally consumed all four of the crisps he had been eating around to save. Oops. Better Nutter: Two crisp peanut butter cookies filled with peanut butter mousse. Slight sweet, perfectly salty, incredibly delicious.  Kouign Amann: Flaky, buttery, not too sweet. Something you don't see too often. Definitely try it!
2 Meh is just the word.  We are Las Vegas locals. I have been here once before and had an OK experience then as well.  The first time we came rather late, there was a very minimal selection. We chalked it up to how late in the evening we arrived. On our recent second visit we came at a decent time mid-day. It was the same scenario, barely a selection.   The macaroons are OK. We got the Salted Caramel, Vanilla and Chocolate. One of them was really stale and hard to bite in unfortunately. The texture is on point, but sadly the taste just isn't there. They all tasted very similar, with not munch of difference in flavor.   We also got the Chocolate and Vanilla eclair-(Pastry and what seems like just whipped cream in the middle). Also again very disappointing. I by no means a food snob. But I felt for the price and size, I was really missing out.   The staff was friendly, however we were over charged by $10. There were quite a few people and they were busy. We didn't have a receipt (our mistake). So we just made a note to never come back.   Real downer, but if I were you. I would spend my time and money elsewhere.
5 I don't know what macarons from Paris taste like so I can't compare them but I had my 2nd ever from Bouchon and I loved it.  It's like a crispy cookie with a chewy, cookie dough-like interior.  I thought they were delightful.
3 This location is very small with only a handful of selections. There were 6 different macaroons to choose from. I got the coffee & pistachio, both had a great smell & taste. However, the texture was not the same. This place was not appetizing at all.   Yountville, CA location definitely has everything to perfection & the selection is limitless.
5 This is my third time to Bouchon, and it will never be my last. I was there for Sunday brunch. My server was great, she was very attentive and knew a great deal about the menu. I ordered Croque Madame or Monsieur, I forgot... But it was very good. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the mornay was well balanced, the ham and gruyere was in harmony.. Thats a badass breakfast sammich. Good coffee too.
4 Bouchon Bakery is a great place to get your macaron fix. Huge chewy and sweet macarons for $3.50 each. A bit on the pricey side, but these are your larger than average macarons.  The pistachio flavored one is my favorite! Yum yum.
5 One word: macarons.  Perfectly chewy and sweet and large enough to fulfill your sweet tooth.  Although pricey, the macarons here are well worth it.  I come here to bring home a box every time I visit Vegas, and will continue to do so.  I love the coffee macaron, and the pistachio is a close second.  All other flavors are delicious as well.  The almond croissant is also yummy if you're feeling a little indulgent.
3 I've tried Buchon multiple times. The bakery is good, but nothing spectacular...or to rave about. On my most recently visit I got macaroons and I must say that the salted caramel is by far the best out of all of them. As far as the location in Las Vegas, it's VERYYYYY small. I was slightly disappointed in their limited selection of baked items.
5 Bouchon's macarons are amazing! Huge too. I've had lunch at here at the Vegas location and it was great. Love their coffee as well.   I've had dinner at the location in Napa and it was a great experience as well. Love their little canister of foie gras.
3 Went here on a pilgrimage with my niece because we both love croissants, pastry and good stuff, and we couldn't wait.  Well, we did wait until late in the afternoon, which may have been our first mistake. The little (and I emphasize little) shop was clean and welcoming, and the clerk was also pleasant. Selection was not great, but it is a satellite location and it was later in the day. There was still enough to choose from, but nothing tasted very fresh. The almond croissant was absolutely gorgeous but dry and hard to chew.  I cannot judge the macarons because, not unlike sushi, I realize they're popular but I have no idea why. You can have my share of those and the pork belly, too. The peanut butter sandwich cookie was good, but had too much overly sweet filling (this coming from a glutton), and the TKO (oreo) she got was rich and chocolaty but a disappointment with it's hardened filling that should have been creamy.  Not sure where or when these were actually baked, but I made both of these cookies at Christmas from the Thomas Keller cookbook, and, god strike me dead, the ones I made tasted better. Could it just be the freshness factor? In the interest of full disclosure, Rosebud HAD visited the Yountville location in recent memory, so her expectations were high, but I was only expecting for the professionals to do it better than me. In addition, there are little tables out in the foyer to sit and enjoy your pastries, but there was no enjoyment when a couple of drunks stumbled up, sprayed a giant tourist drink on the wall, and to our dismay started to settle in. Fortunately, a pleasant little man who was welcoming all passers-by into the hotel struck up a conversation and led them quietly away to parts unknown. Hope it was down to the basement for an old school butt kickin'. Anyway, I was planning to try the leftovers later and give them a second chance, but I wandered out into the kitchen to discover the anaconda with a gallon jug of milk in one hand and the empty wrappers in the other. He thought they were great.
4 There aren't any clear signs of where the Bouchon bakery is. It is not near the bistro... :( ask for directions. Hehe.
2 Definitely not what I was hoping for.  I am an avid baker and purchasing from a professional bakery I always have high standards but the macaroons were dry and stale tasting
5 Probably one of the best macarons that I've ever tasted. Huge, chewy, and sweet- what more could you ask for? I got a box of macarons ($15.00 for 6)- pistachio, chocolate, salted caramel, coffee. I highly recommend the pistachio macarons. Definitely worth it!
3 So my review is based on the coffee! When I was in Vegas with hubby we were trying to avoid the Starbucks because they were actually higher priced than the NY Starbucks. Most of the time I'm the first one awake so one of the mornings that I went across to the Venetian from TI to grab some coffee I found this place.   The pastries looked fantastic but I can't say how they were because I never sampled or tasted any.   The coffee was alright, and the staff was nice. The bakery itself is pretty tiny, at least the one that I visited was. There's really no room to sit so you just grab your order and take it outside or back to your hotel room. In the mornings there was a very smelly homeless man hanging out in the Venetian bridge/skywalk lobby right outside the bouchon. So if he's still there I definitely would recommend walking away with your order.
2 Okay, what the heck happened?   This place used to be my go to place for a quick snack when I stayed at the Venetian. Now everything is mediocre at best. The macarons were stale and the croissant was meh.  Very, very disappointing. Probably won't be coming here for a quick snack again.
4 When it comes to breakfast, I'm more of a Starbucks on-the-go kinda guy.  So, this is why I love Bouchon Bakery located inside The Venetian.  It's basically Starbucks, with the volume turned up, including the prices.  Their lattes and coffee aren't as bitter and dark as Starbucks and their pastries are some of the best I have ever eaten. Today I opted for a small cup of coffee and a sexy pair of raspberry beignets.  The beignets were light as air, fresh and delicious. There was a little too much raspberry jam for my liking, but hey, there's nothing wrong with that! My coffee was fresh, flavorful, dark and rich.  Their service was friendly and pretty quick, and I got my coffee & beignets for $7.  Not cheap, but Starbucks prices are pretty inflated on the strip, so it was in the same price range.  There are two locations at Venetian, one is right off the escalators by self-parking and the other is located inside the clock tower.  I went to the one over by self-parking, but knowing there is an outdoor patio and heat lamps by the one inside the clock tower, I would go to the one inside the clock tower next time.  Can't beat the views to go along with your morning coffee.
5 Always a favorite! The macarons are probably the best I've had (and i've tried a lot of them in the US - from NYC, to LA, to DC, to Baltimore). It was the right amount of chewiness, and crunch in the shell. The flavors are amazing, but not too overly saccharine. The pistachio and the salted caramel are my favorites.  I also got a chocolate croissant...OMG, it was AMAZING! The croissant was super buttery and flaky. It also had dark chocolate as the filling so it wasn't overly sweet. It was basically perfection!
2 Super disappointing. Very limited options and the macarons have definitely been siting out for awhile. Way too much $ for what you get.
5 Their cured meat sandwich is a great thing to take on the plane.  The bread is chewy and the meat won't spoil.  It's a great sandwich.
2 Very surprised. All this bakery has going for itself is its brand name. The coffee was burned, croissants too dry, macarons were old. Bakeries should have freshly baked goods in the mornings. This one doesn't. Tomato soup was great though.
4 Great bakery inside the Venetian (there are two locations).  Coffee is very good and baked goods sublime.  We did take out breakfast here a couple times ... the croissants are buttery and flaky.  Also had the almond croissant, blueberry muffin, cinnamon roll and a little pastry that I cannot remember the name of ... all were delicious and a quick bite to tide us over between buffets and large meals!
2 To be honest, it isn't the fault of Bouchon, but I thought that this would be a sit-down menu location instead of a small cramped express bakery with outside seating only.  My group shared the turkey sandwich,  chocolate croissant,  and koign aman.  Sandwich was average. Something that you could find anywhere . You can get it toasted though. The chocolate almond croissant was pretty good with a chocolate filling and crisp layers of pastry. The koign aman was new for me. We wanted to try something different but were extremely disappointed.  It was a chewy sugary eggy bread that had a hint of salt. Nothing interesting or revolutionary.  Wish I had gotten the pain aux rasin instead.  For the price, go to somewhere much nicer and tastier.
3 I've been to Yountville. I've been to L.A.. I've been to NYC. Those Bouchon Bakeries will, with few exceptions, consistently blow you away. The Las Vegas location was missing something. The macarons and croissants I had seemed a tad on the stale side. The chocolate chip cookie was crunchier than I was expecting. It just didn't live up to my other experiences. Admittedly, I was only able to go once, so perhaps it was a bad time. I will definitely be going back when I'm in town, and expect to have better results.
5 Bouchon Bakery never disappoints! I've visited them in Yountville, in NYC and now in Vegas!  This one is located in the shoppes at the Venetian, and conveniently located near the entrance to the Venetian tower. I always get the macarons when I'm here. The selection is limited compared to Yountville, but all the classics are here, and the quality does not suffer. Buy 5 get 1 free, so runs for about $3 a piece.
5 They have large sized macarons for $3.25/each.. Chocolate had fabulously rich flavor....melted right in my mouth. Right amount of chewiness and crispy shell.. yum!!
4 Great option for a quick breakfast in Vegas, especially if you are staying at the Palazzo/Venetian.  Prices are not VERY cheap, but completely reasonable for Vegas standards.  I tried their strawberry croissant and coffee macaroon. The croissant was more of a strawberry crumb cake than a croissant, but delicious nonetheless. The macaroon was huge...at least double the size of a regular macaroon.
2 It looks like I'm in the minority here, but I didn't think Bouchon's macarons were anything approaching good.  They're large for sure, about the size of the palm of my hand and reasonably priced at $3.50 each. No creative flavors available - just the classics of chocolate, caramel, coffee, vanilla, pistachio & raspberry.  The large cookie size meant that the ratio of shell to filling was way off (too much cookie) and my raspberry was a tad stale. Service was pretty crap too - the attendant couldn't have been more disinterested.  Honestly, it's my fault - who buys a French pastry in an Italian-themed casino? Lesson learned.
2 Horrible cappuccino. And the caramel macaroons were like biting a round piece of rock. I have been to Bouchon bakery in Yountville and loved it. The one inside the Venetian was blah blah and totally blah.
3 The bakery needs set hours. Says it closed at 9 but they decided to close whenever they felt like it tonight. Not cool!
5 My favorite bakery. Even more than Jean Philippe. Bouchon is relatively cheap and gourmet. I got an iced mocha, better nutter cookie, TKO cookie, and one of the plain baguettes for about $17. That's cheap even if not on the strip. The cookies are huge.  Iced Mocha - rich with quality cocoa powder. The best mocha I've ever tasted. Has notes of coconut from the rich cocoa powder. Get it!   Macarons - best macarons IMO. They are big too. No hollow shell like some places. Perfectly soft with the nice macaron shell crust. Not chew like some places, although I'm not against the chewy type macarons. These macarons melt in your mouth.  Cupcakes - I saw a giant cupcake for $3.25. They are in between the jumbo muffin and regular sized muffin cups. I've never tried any of their cupcakes, but they look really good. $3.25 for a cupcake is a steal these days considering Sprinkles at the Linq charges somewhere around $4 I think.  Better Nutter cookie - GET IT. Even if you don't like peanut butter. This is like a peanut butter lover's dream come true. My mom isn't fond of peanut butter but she is absolutely obsessed with this. The cookie has bits of peanuts in it as well as peanut butter I believe, the cream filling is a peanut butter italian meringue buttercream. OMG, it's soooooo good.  TKO cookie - chocolate butter cookie with white chocolate ganache filling.  Meh, it was okay. I wish the filling had some vanilla flavor, but it was really just cocoa butter flavor and cream. I think vanilla would've helped the flavor shine a bit more. The cookie is also really soft. It was hard to break pieces off. But hey, that means you don't have to share. The chocolate cookie itself was good and not sweet. It balanced the sweetness of the filling nicely.  Bread - it's their standard baguette they serve at dinner in their restaurant. They toast it up for you if you want and ask you if you want jam or cream cheese. The bread does get hard after it cools down, so better eat it while it's warm. Nice crust and chewy. Great aroma.  Americano - the first place I've ordered an americano that tastes creamy without anything but espresso + water. I don't know how they managed to do that. If you need a dairy-free option, get the Americano.
4 Yes! Once again, Bouchon Bakery takes a warm spot in my heart. I only had this spot once & ordered a coffee and yogurt parfait. The parfait was delicious--a creamy mango yogurt with a sweet (but not too sweet!) granola and raisin topping. Delicious, fresh, and healthy:)  Yum!
1 I was very disappointed with this bakery. I'm a native of Las Vegas and rarely venture to the Strip. I first came upon the smaller of the bakeries and was told the main one was 1 floor below. First off, they weren't as friendly as the lady in the smaller bakery. I didn't find any plain almond croissants, only ones with a chocolate drizzle. When i inquired for plain ones, was curtly told he was sold out, so i asked for the ones with a drizzle. I next asked if i could customize the box of macarons, was told no. So i said i'd just get 4 pieces of macarons. When i get to the cashier i was told my bill was $28+. I wasn't thinking and just handed my card over. They never said thank you. Walking to the Palazzo, i realized it seemed too pricey, i opened my bag and realized that they put a box of macarons which i never ordered. I normally won't mind this but i was very disappointed and displeased with their service. I got home and tried their almond croissant with drizzle and was not impressed.  The pastry was not as flaky and a bit on the hard side. The macarons are not as swoon-worthy as i expected them to be, maybe the horrible customer service left a bad taste in my mouth. I would rather bring my business to Patisserie Manon and support local business.
2 We heard a lot of positive things about Bouchon Bakery so we decided to trek to the Venetian, where Bouchon Bakery is located.  Venetian and Palazzo is a one huge maze so my most useful tip would be that the bakery is located right next to the Grand Lux Cafe.   We arrived and was gravely disappointed because the storefront resembled a kiosk, not unlike how a Starbucks is nestled at the local Target.  We didn't know what to expect but we were def bummed out.  They don't really have a dining area reserved exclusively for the bakery.  We had to find a spot at the food court 30 yards away.  We ordered latte and chocolate croissants.  The coffee was no different from sambalatte but the croissants were not nearly as good.  It was flaky and kinda dry.  We prefer doughy and soft.
2 Worst French macarons I have ever had. They were so stale that we went back to get a new one. They told us they were between 2-4 days old and had no idea which ones were recently made. The second one we got was harder than the first. We just threw them out. They brought shame to such an exquisite treat. However, the guys at the bakery were very nice.
4 Went to the smaller location in the Venetian near the elevators. It's a good place to grab a quick bite or pastry. I didn't try the macaroons but I don't really go crazy for them anyway. Here's what I did try:  Oatmeal raisin cookie (4 stars): Soft, chewy, and rich.   Chocolate croissant (3.5 stars): Nice and flaky but needs more chocolate. The chocolate is only right in the middle, which I guess works but if you love chocolate like me you want some more!   Grilled cheese (4 stars): Crunchy bread and good cheese. Surprisingly, a pretty good grilled cheese.
2 Used to love this place for years. They used to have the best almonds chocolate croissants. Croissants ate still good but what happen to the service with a smile?! What's with the attitude?!
5 the ham and cheese croissant, the brownie bites, the macaron, the epi bread!!! buy it all take it home and extend your vacation!!! YUM!!!!
3 This mini location cannot compare to the other locations that I've been to - Beverly Hills, Yountville, New York City, which is unfortunate since I pass by here pretty frequently whenever I visit Las Vegas.  It's not bad, just not that great.
5 Unlike carlos bakery this place has it right. The cheese Danish is excellent and so is the croissant. I also had the sticky bun at the restaurant and it was good not sure if its offered at the bakery. I found two locations one by the palazzo and one in the Venetian. If you go to restaurant they have 25% off any bakery purchase at the bakeries.
5 I came here twice. The first day of my vacation then the last day :) the people that helped me were friendly and patient. I'm glad because it took some time for me to decide what flavor of macarons I wanted. I paid for the "buy 5 get one free" macaron deal they had. My favorite was either the caramel or vanilla. They are also larger than the usual macaron I'm used to, so that was also a plus.
2 Heard really good things about Bouchon Bakery.  I ordered:  1. Iced Hazelnut Latte : first off, did not taste any hazelnut. Espresso was burnt and tasted like shit. Couldn't even drink half of it.  2. Vanilla Macaron: these were HUGE, size of my palm. I was excited,  then I bit into it... hard as a rock. Was very disappointed..I paid 3.50 for a macaron I expect it to be at least half decent. I guess I just expected more from this bakery. :(   Would probably not come back for the macarons., or the coffee.
5 Located in the Venetian right next to the elevators of guest rooms. Talk about convenience!   Service is quick and friendly.  Try the spicy sausage sandwich!   Overall, a great grab & go shop with quality food & service. You won't have any regrets!
1 Closed more than 45 minutes before 9pm. Said the woman packing away unsold pastries and macaroons, "We just decided to close early." Annoying after planning our last night on the strip around a stop for sweets.
5 Believe it or not, and after 11 visits to Bouchon Bistro at the Venetian, I finally made my first visit to this Bouchon Bakery location, where epic Macarons and Chocolate Bouchons can be found to satisfy your sweet tooth after an epic meal at Bouchon.  I've already had the Macarons at their Yountville location, but this was actually my first time trying a Chocolate Bouchon, which is essentially a small brownie but it was really delicious!    I dig this new location in front of the resort near the clock tower on the far west entrance as it's much easier to spot than their old location inside the resort (which apparently I never found).  It's a great location for people watching in the morning or afternoon since they have a small outdoor patio, but even if it's full, there are plenty of benches in the area as well.  Quick tip:  if you dine at Bouchon, show your receipt here for 25% off any baked goods.  That's an awesome deal!  I will definitely stop by here again for more Macarons!!
3 After a long - great - night of hanging out (read: drinking), I still somehow managed to wake up at a decent hour before everyone else in the suite.  I got myself a regular Coffee & a Chocolate almond croissant. The coffee was run-of-the-mill but it was what I needed after the night I had. The croissant was really flaky & I loved that it was not too sweet.  I also got my Honey a box of macarons which he thought was too sweet even though there wasn't a lot of filling.
5 Better Nutter WAS DELICIOUS! Chantilly Eclairs were light and fluffy and oh so heavenly. Bouchon chocolate bite was en pointe! Chicken wrap was surprisingly nomworthy! Tasted real fresh! And lastly, the oatmeal cookie was meh. Overall, thought this was delicious.
3 The macaroons are delicious, but I think that's all I will come here for in the future. Breakfast is overpriced and believe me, you're not getting anything special compared to the food court that is 10 feet away. It's worth a try but don't expect anything amazing.
5 During a recent business trip, my friend and I visited Bouchon Bakery (one of the three in the Venetian) for an early breakfast.  I was amazed by the selection, but settled for a strawberry croissant and two of their spherical beignets.  The croissant was buttery and full of strawberry goodness...better yet, the two small beignet orbs will filled with raspberry jam and were fantastic.  A wonderful, small breakfast to start the day!
5 I had my first taste of Bouchon Bakery's macarons around 6-7 years ago from the New York location. It wasn't until this past weekend I was in Vegas that I got to taste the sweet macarons once again. They were and still are the best macarons I've ever had. They're large, the cream is smooth and light, and the cookies are flaky but packed with flavor. My mom loves these and says they are the best she's ever had, too. I regret not getting more boxes of these and also trying more of their other baked goods. Until next time!
2 I can not believe I am giving Bouchon two stars but I just can not....my almond croissant and lemon cheese danish were just soooo unbelievably dry. Not flakey, not buttery, not melt in your mouth like a proper croissant or pastry should be.
5 As soon as we found this place, it was a MUST GO TO everyday in Las Vegas! The Kouig Amann is our latest absolute favorite....To me, it's a cross between the palm leaf from St. Germain and a croissant....nice and flaky with a crispy sweet "crust"....and oooh so buttery.  If you've never had one, it's a must!  My daughter loves the TKO....I think it stands for Thomas Kellar Oreo..dark chocolate wafers with white chocolate ganache.  Love the chocolate and the chocolate almond croissants too.....coffee was good and the service, oh so friendly.   PS  if you're going for a Kouig Amann, I think you gotta get there before 10am....or they will be sold out!....I rushed there each morning and bought whatever they had..so, now that I'm writing this review, I hope I can still get some at 10am!
