4 Classy lounge for high-rollers and those who like to play the part.  They serve  top-shelf cocktails and offer imported cigars.  Was surpirsed that they didn't kick us out after using the lounge as a venue for Nicole's (the Bachelorette's) serendaing session.  We sang this to the tune of "The Girl from Ipanema":  Tall and ivory, so young and lovely,  Nicole from Santa Cruz goes walking,  And when she passes, Brian says, "Ahhhh."  Ohhh they had many years dating...  Now they will go and be married.  When in June they both say, "I dooo.."  We all will be wishing you...  Happy years and babies smiling,  Friends and family and Bailey shining.  We love you and we wish the best for you...  Ohhh, we will watch you get married,  And we will support you so gladly.  With each year that we see go by...  We will always be by your side...  Yat, da, da, da, da da, da, da, hum...
5 We grabbed a few drinks at this bar and I am giving it 5 stars because of how friendly and how good the bartender was. He greeted us immediately, and we had drinks in our hand in an instant. Props to you mr. bartender
4 It would have gotten 5 stars if (1) no smoking allowed and (2) more secluded from the main casino floor.   Drinks were good and service was prompt.   Good laid-back jazzy lounge music after pigging out at the buffet.
3 Not as swanky as it was a few years ago.  Something a little disheveled about it.  Service was curt and all the good tables were roped off, reserved for their marketing dept.  At 11pm?  Was served a lemon drop that was all mix, no pulp.  Blah.    The Bellagio is so 1990s.  Nice piano music though.
4 If you come to Bellagio, you've got to stop by the baccarat bar.  I don't even like pina coladas.  But they make theirs with fresh fruit.  FRESH FRUIT not some cheap syrup concotion.  Ok so it's $12 for a drink.  BUT WHO CARES IT TASTE LIKE HEAVEN.  Do not drink just one.  The miami vice is also an icy blended concoction of heavenly fresh fruit flavors.  The peach something something ALSO DELICIOUS !  These drinks are dangerous.
5 Hands down, this bar has got it goin' on.  Being a local, I generally avoid casinos and tourist traps but I just can't get enough of Robert's drinks - he is beyond a bartender, he seriously knows his alcohol.  Great atmosphere, can't ask for more!
4 A decent bar to people-watch and drink expensive pours.  Good service.  Nice to get off the casino floor.
3 Great for people watching, the drinks are a bit expensive. It is an upscale lounge. It was nice to take a break from the casino to hang out there ...
2 Meh. I've expirienced better.
4 Looking for a place to get a quick drink and rest our feet (an ongoing theme in our Vegas adventure), we opted for something in the enchanting Bellagio. We didn't choose wrong, sitting down at the Baccarat Bar, overlooking the casino while slightly elevated as a central piece makes it stand out (and something people kept walking up to take pictures of).  The drinks are a little pricey, but we opted for beer which charges at the standard rate for the Bellagio ($7.25). Drinks were... well they were beer so nothing abnormal or different there. Service was okay, but the location made it memorable.  Overall, good location to grab a quick drink before jumping back into the action.
4 Great spot for chillaxin in a fancy open lounge with free mixed fancy salted nuts and fresh fruit drinks.  Last time I was there I got the Pina Colada.  They even served it with a slice of fresh pineapple on the side of the glass.  Bellagio knows how to do it right!  It is not cheap, but you get what you pay for.  If you are lucky, you also get to sit and listen to the piano man playing some tunes.
4 No Vegas trip is complete without a Bellagio Cocktail. Soooooo Good!!  The Baccarat Bar is right off the main walkway thru the casino, so it's a great place to people watch.  There's a full bar and only a handful of stools, so once you're belly up, it's easy to get drink refills.  They've also got video poker, play enough and the drinks will be on the house.
5 The best thing about this place is the air filtration system. People next to me were smoking cigars and I barely could tell. The wait staff is highly friendly and genuine. It's a nice place to take a break from gambling and the bustle.
4 Love the place! Not packed all the time. Great place to light up a cigar!
4 This place wasn't bookmarked for my Christmas trip but i'm glad i stumbled upon it. We were staying at the Bellagio so it was convenient. Drinks were awesome ( had a Bella Peach and a "something cobbler" , i think raspberry cobbler(?). About 15 bucks a cocktail. the server that day was friendly and adorable.   We returned the next night for beer+bottle of wine+ cocktails. It's a small area with mostly older folks, but comfortable and you can people watch.
4 Enjoyed the ambience, the piano music, the drinks, and the company. I would expect nothing less from the Bellagio!  Located a short walk from the Cashiers and close enough to the shops, this lounge overlooks the hustle and bustle of the casino floor and is a great spot to take a break from the gambling and/or shopping and enjoy the day.  The plush sofas and armchairs are very relaxing and there's not a bad seat in the house if you want to indulge in a few of their specialty cocktails to go along with the conversation.   Intimate space, great drinks, great piano music. Grab a Double Down or something bourbon based and enjoy the view.  -civilitiés.
2 I'd like to keep it short and sweet today.... Pros: beautiful bar, beautiful staff, comfortable seating, and  a delicious sounding drink menu.  Cons: everywhere I sat I was surrounded by either obnoxiously drunk people, Excessive cigarette some, or stinking cigar smoke. I moved twice, then left, heading the other bar in the Bellagio, which is less smoky, and simply has a better vibe. Both bars do have excellent music. I would say check them both put and see which one suits your taste crowd-wise.
