3 When it comes to food, basically an IHOP is an IHOP.  When you have a hankerin' for breakfast at 3 PM but you can't be arsed to mix up any pancake batter, you go to IHOP.  It's not the best stuff in the world, but it's cheap, fast, and when you're in the right mood it can be the perfect thing to sate you.  Anything located on Boulder Highway is special though.  Boulder Highway is like a little land that time forgot.  The sweet sounds of Journey and Kansas can be heard floating through the air.  The wait staff at this particular IHOP all have one thing in common:  A distinct lack of urgency.  Or quickness.  Or...well, caring.  I don't know if if was our lack of mullet, but my friends and I spent 2 hours there yesterday.  At 3 PM.  It wasn't full.  Two full hours is far too long to be in an IHOP.    But hey, I got those pancakes I was longing for!
3 We received a coupon in the mail for a free meal with the purchase of another meal, so we decided to have breakfast this past Sunday morning at IHOP. Despite living near this IHOP for 2 years, I have never eaten here, mainly because there are other places nearby that I prefer for breakfast.   IHOP is currently doing an all-you-can-eat pancake promo, my husband got that with eggs and hashbrowns. I decided to get the International Crepe Passport with strawberry banana crepes, this came with eggs, bacon and sausage.   Our waiter was efficient and helpful. He made sure to bring out a pot of coffee so we wouldn't have to pester him for refills, as well as Tabasco and ketchup in case we needed it.   Our food was good,  not great but good. The crepes were particularly tasty, I wish they did an all-you-can-eat crepe promo. I still prefer Omelet House down the street though. Unless we have a coupon, we probably won't be back for a while...
2 Why go here when you can go to Blueberry Hill instead?  Don't waste your time with IHOP when there are other reasonably priced alternatives!  That being said, this place is very average... quite lackluster with all the run-of-the-mill choices you have come to expect from every other IHOP out there.  The service is spotty, as well.
4 Good food at an awesome price!!! Need I say more?
3 Good for big loud parties without having the servers hushing you.  Food is ok but we come here because it's a great place to eat and chill with a big group after a long night.  Servers have always been nice and patient with us being loud and sometimes un-decisive.  As one who is trying to keep my weight down, I order nothing but the spinach omelette which also comes with buttermilk pancakes and you can add your choice of toppings for an additional $1.49.  I also tried their sirloin tips recently.....eh stay away from it, wasn't that good.
4 Um I don't know why this Ihop doesn't have higher ratings. When we went it was clean, the staff was friendly, and the food was great.  I mean, there's not much difference in terms of the food quality, but I would say this one was up there for an Ihop. The waitress we had was also really nice and super fast with out order. It does seem a bit small but I didn't really check out the other side.  There is also plenty of parking.
1 Middle of the night - only one other customer - the eggs and toast were cold upon arrival at the table - bacon was so hard I actually broke a tooth - emergency dental work today - restaurant employee response to broken tooth "sorry about that" - evidentally there was no manager on site - avoid at all costs!  many better options available in the area
1 I have no idea how I ended up at IHOP in Vegas it was a choice given to me the other option was Denny's. Bad food bad service. Stay away.
4 Food is good, hot.  Service is excellent.  I like the oldies music they play.  My favorite place to go for breakfast.
4 I recently discovered that IHOP mow serves Country Fried Steak and Egg for breakfast I have always loved that so..I thought I would give it a try.I requested a couple of special things...eggs scrambled well...toast instead of pancakes...and extra country gravy on the side...cause you know they never give you enough gravy. Anyway...the portion of the chicken fried steak was HUGE...and Very Good.  Eggs were cooked perfectly...and I got my toast instead of the dreaded and much disliked pancakes. All served with a smile...food was hot and just what I had been craving.  I am fortunate..I live close and will most definitely be going back for this great breakfast.  I also tried it as dinner one night when the steak is served with broccoli and mashed potatoes.  No complaints there either...steak was massive..cooked perfectly and I got my extra gravy with no problem...Can't say anything about the other dishes...but the Chicken Fried Steak for breakfast or dinner...hell yeah!
3 In the last 2 years, I have probably been to this specific IHOP about 10 times.  If you're ever in this exact area, you know how tough of a neighborhood this place can be.  But I find myself out here often and when it comes to finding a place to feed my belly, sometimes IHOP will just have to do.   First of all, this place gets pretty busy on Fridays.  I think most of my visits here have all been on a Friday. Known for their pancakes, but they are just okay.  What I actually come here for is their Steak Omelet with hash browns extra crispy.  Not the healthiest breakfast/brunch, not the tastiest, but still enough to satisfy me until my next meal.    Service is spotty at best in my opinion.  They have someone that serves strictly drinks and another person for food. Nothing can be more frustrating than being hungry, wondering what their specials are, and the person that first serves you drinks telling you that they don't know.  My other issue is that their diet Pepsi machine is always down.  At least it has been down my last 3 visits.    Overall, I have to give it 3 stars.  Tough to give them any lower since I eat here so often.
3 i was craving breakfast food so decided to stop by here. the place clean, staff were friendly and it was steady. i ordered the chicken and waffle. it was good but not compared to other places that serves it. our waiter was so quick to give our check to us. she gave it to us right after she brought our food. I felt rush. so after you're done. You gotta take your check up to the front counter to pay.
3 Ok its off the beaten track as far as the strip is concerned. It's close to Sam's Town and a couple other casinos. The neighborhood is pretty abysmal and tragic but lots of different parts of Vegas are.  I am a Vegas native that moved away as soon as I became 21 and never looked back. Other than to visit family friends and have the occasional bachelor party bender I avoid the place like the plague. BUT... U gotta eat sometimes right?   IHOP. Dependable for breakfast. Service was adequate but considering the area, I was quite satisfied with this place.  A couple things to note... Strong institutional coffee, only non-dairy creamer, there is buttermilk added to omlettes, great BOGO coupons are avail in the local coupon clippers (thanks mom).     If you need to grub then this IHOP can fufill that need. Not a great neighborhood but like another reviewer, this place does not necessarily reflect the sadness of the area.
2 I dislike this place but it's close to my house. The service is poor. It will be at least 5-8 mins before anyone comes to your table. Food is ok. Don't ask for extra ranch because you won't get it.
1 Out of state visitor and by far this is the worst IHOP I have been to. Took 10 minutes til I had to go get the waitress to just get our drinks ordered. Food was decent. The most horrible service ever waitress was rude and got things mixed up a lot. Adding that there was only 4 other parties in the entire restaurant. Just a bad experience.
3 For it's position and surrounding businesses, this place supprises me.  There was no wait to be seated even though the venue was fairy busy, and within 5 minutes I had my drink and meal ordered.  While waiting I noticed the venue was very clean aswell as up-to-date, not run down, you wouldn't think you were in a lower part of town!  The food was alright, nothing I brag about, I got the original buttermilk pancakes, and they are what they are, presentation could f been improved, but the flavour and size was acceptable.  If you're really wanting IHOP then I wouldn't turn it down, but maybe go to a local buffet like samstown if you want a better value
