4 Well, it's KIND of a department store. Everything is pretty much organized by, well, department.  I LOVE BIG LOTS. Here's an example of two conversations:  Conversation A "Wanna go to Wal Mart?" "Um, I guess so. What for?"  Coversation B: "Wanna go to Big Lots?" "Boy, do I EVER!"  When I got my first apartment, I got everything -- ice cube trays, curtains, rugs, pillows, throws, vases, mugs, bowls, everything. For less than $100. It's great! It's a good place to go especially for glass items, like vases, decorative pitchers, wall hangings. As for other items, we got a gargantuan container of beer nuts (they were tasty, too) for $3. They have pretty good soaps and lotions, too. Check it out!
4 This is one of my favorite store (Biglots in general). A great place to visit when you first move to Vegas and furnish your new place or for decorations on those holiday ocasions  I like that I can get nescafe instant coffee here (where I came from instant coffee is all you need) for $5. Some supermarkets sell it for $6.50
5 Never no what you'll find there. It pays to go often just to check, could find things you were not expecting!
4 Every once and awhile I find myself @ Big Lots and when I do I usually score some pretty good deals. I get all my spices here since they are mostly a buck. I also like the seasonal stuff they get in as well. I saw they sell pink xmas trees! How rad is that? I may have to get one! So whenever I find myself south on Eastern I stop to see what new goodies they have in..cuz ya never know!
4 OK first off i had a preconceived notion about this store....basicly i thought it was ghetto and cheap and gross.  my sister dragged me there against my will. but i have done a complete turn around. the store was very neat, well maintained. they had great deals. the furniture they offered ranged from desks and book cases to couches and love seats and looked and felt very good quality.  the movies we found were 3 5 and 7 dollar. where can you get a new movie for that. the food sections had some great deals too.  overall id go again and any thoughts i had of this store before going have been dashed.  don't judge a book by its cover i suppose,
4 Coming from cali on christmas week, I was amazed how much was in stock. I bought a few things for my kiddies at home.   Place was clean and deserted! I had to remind myself that x-mas eve was in 2 days:-)  next time I need a lil something, I will cozy on by this place! thumbs up!
3 This Big Lots is ok. They didn't seem as organized as some, but they have a nice selection of items, which is nice. I come here from time to time since it's near my work, but I still prefer the one on Blue Diamond since it seems a little bigger.
4 How come I always forget about Big Lots?    This is what I always ask myself whenever I come in here.  They have anything and everything you could possibly need for you house.  The biggest purchase I made from here was my couch.  Yeah it's fake leather but it is comfortable and looks great!  I saw the exact same brand, same model couch at a big store for twice as much.    Too much at Wal Mart and Target?  Don't want to wait for delivery from Amazon?  Check out Big Lots, they'll probably have it for a better price!
2 I think there over priced!  Are you serious $4.00 for a cup with a straw in it!  I can go to $. 99 store and get 4 of those!  Every now and then, I find a few things that are worth it, like pool fun stuff like rafts, and floatation devices.
4 I feel like I live here. My house is a 5 minute walk from here..or maybe less. I've gone so much. I really love this place because its so cheap. They have DVDs for 3 and 5 dollars. Some really really good ones. Everything is cheaper than at any other place. They have really cheap video games too.
4 Cool spot to get the international goodies.
4 We usually only visit Big Lots around the holidays to do their Toy Donation drive.  I really like that they do that, and I always hope that I pick a good toy out for whatever boy or girl gets it.  =)  The prices here are really great!  I just have other places I prefer for certain things so I can't justify adding this to my shopping rotation, but don't let me discourage you.  Always clean when we go, and we get checked out really fast.  The employees are very nice and courteous.  I'd suggest getting school supplies here - they usually have a lot to choose from for good prices.  Cheap snacks, too!  I've found some great things by shuffling around the food area.  The toys are also not the most popular but by no means are they "old" or "dated."  When I purchased a toy for the donation around Christmas, I bought a Snow White doll that was modern and Barbie-esque.  It was actually really pretty.  Parking is easy and never a hassle.
5 I love big lots around Christmas time they have rally good deals but duribg the year I never would have guessed that it would have so many sales. Their snacks are cheap and spices are name brand and only about a buck fifty for a big jar! I like this store
