4 I dig Home Depot.  Not that I'm crafty or anything, but I love looking at all the things I could do.  One day.  Maybe.  If I suddenly developed that crafty and/or handy gene.  Or, more likely, if I was willing to pay a professional to have it done.    This one has only been open about 6 months so it's still shiny.  Well, in that Home Depot kind of way.  No thick layer of dust.  And while many of the Home Depot folks are occasionally friendly - this one seems more-so than the others.  Mind you - there are times we've looked and looked and couldn't find a single person.  Kid you not - one time in the landscaping department I actually yelled out, "Does ANYONE work in this section?"  My girlfriend tried to quickly walk away, trying to escape utter embarrassment, but before she made it back inside she turned around, looked around and realized that no one in fact anywhere in earshot.  Point made.  So they have just about everything.  And once you can find a person, they are generally very helpful.  While this is a very nice, large sized and "Shiny" store, they still have the occasional issues of employee coverage often found in other Home Depot's.  Though I'll have to give them some props for actually paying their employees well and providing awesome benefits.  But no one in earshot?   I bet they could afford the 3-5 extra folks if they really wanted to...
3 Pretty good store..............it usually has what I need. However, the store is ALWAYS understaffed.
5 While I love Home Depot and have always had a good experience at this store, this review is specifically about the carpet I purchased from this store and had installed. The experience was awesome.   I had just bought my first house and was pretty clueless about carpeting. I wandered into the store and was immediately helped. We discussed carpet, padding, installation... all my questions were answered. We talked about my needs and he actually steered me away from the most expensive carpet telling me it was more than I needed. He did up sell me on the padding but his reasoning was convincing and confirmed by my independent research. I had the basic measurements for the two rooms I needed carpeted so he have me a quote based on the carpet I selected. It seemed reasonable and the installation was on sale for $99 (regularly $139). I thanked him and said I needed to do some research before I decided. He encouraged me to look at other places and call him if I had any questions.   After getting another quote elsewhere and being told some disturbing things by that company about Home Depot's installation (only one person comes to do the install, they don't take away the old carpet, they use day labor instead of professional installers, etc) I went back to Home Depot and was assured these statements were false.   I paid a measurement fee (part of the installation fee) to have someone come out and measure. I went back to the store and got the final verdict on price... $200 cheaper than the original quote so I placed the order. The measurement fee was credited as part of the $99 installation fee. The installers called about a week later to tell me the carpet was in and to schedule the installation. The installation occurred 3 days later. A two-man crew showed up and did an excellent job. The carpet was stretched and tucked well (no gaps between the carpet and the wall). The seams disappeared within a week. The carpet is awesome, good texture and color. The old carpet was hauled away. They gave me the option of keeping the scrap from the new carpet. They even vacuumed the carpet before they left! The installation company followed up with me about a week later to make sure I was happy and to remind me of the installation warranty.  Overall, it was a great experience shopping for carpet at Home Depot and having them install it. The lies that the other company (you've seen their TV commercials) told to try and convince me to buy their carpet were proven to be far from the truth (that's another review). I would highly recommend Home Depot for carpet and installation.
1 The worst customer service ever, if ur looking for blinds this is not the place to go, rebecca and myra are kind only to the point where u buy ur item then when their done and yoi get defective items they will ignore you, we waited 20 days for them to fix our blinds and after all the hassles they wouldnt do it!!! So yes please dont go here, worst service ever!
4 This location is the smallest in the valley, so don't get pissed at the employees when they don't have what you need. Go to the Tempe or Ahwatukee location if you want a Home Depot the size of a mall.   We always get amazing service.  Plus, as someone that was s faithful Lowes customer, AND A WOMAN, I have since changed my mind, because the Lowes employees at 19th Ave and Baseline are pretty tactless and inattentive.   Go with Home Depot, they care more.    BUT!!! I will say I prefer Lowes' coupons to Home Depot's non-coupons.  I consistently buy stuff at Lowes that I would have bought at Home Depot if a coupon in the world existed for non-contractors.
5 The only person to see in the Garden department is Annette, she knows the valley, and what is good to grow in the valley. She has never steered me in the wrong direction in the past 5 years of going there.  The Phoenix area is different for growing season and plants, unlike other parts of the country.
1 After making the switch from Lowe's to Home Depot some time ago I realized that I was a true Home Depot fan and aficionado. Unfortunately recently, I made the mistake of applying to Home Depot for a job position.  What happened is ridiculous and regional managers should be alerted to this type of treatment.  Before I start, I will say that I am a white female who speaks basic Spanish and I also have my Bachelor's degree.  I am needing part time work because I am going to school for my Master's at the moment and needed something part-time while I was in classes one weekend a month.    Now, I received a call back from home depot on February 7th at 10:30 in the morning and it went to voicemail.  An associate named Alex asked me to come in for an interview and left me her name, number and extension to get back to her.  I called her an hour and a half later at noon and left her a voicemail.  I never received a call back, so I called the 9th, that Saturday, trying to get a hold of her.  No response.  I called back the 11th and was told that she had "just left" and to "call back after 1pm" the next day.  I did so and she had also "just left???" At this time it felt like she was avoiding me and I asked to leave her a voicemail and did so.  Two days later I did not hear anything from her so I called back and asked to speak with a manager and let him now what had transpired and he seemed disinterested.  I left a message with him and he told me that she would get back to me.  A week later I have never heard from this Alex associate again.   I am horrified that this is the hiring process at Home Depot?  I am more than qualified for the position I was looking for (cashier) as I was a cashier supervisor for the past year.  I have no secrets, do no drugs, and am incredibly personable.  I am shocked that a business as prestigious as Home Depot would decide it is okay to call prospective associates to set up an interview and then avoid them??? I never would have pursued this any more if the Alex associate had never called me???  Plus, if there is something that was a question or if something wrong popped up, I would have liked to know so I can rectify or fix anything that might deny me a position at Home Depot.    I have since returned to Home Depot and seen the Alex girl from afar and saw an interaction between her and a customer that was SO RUDE. It seems like she does not enjoy her position there and takes it out on the customers, and apparently prospective associates?  This has put such a bad taste in my mouth that I am now back to Lowe's again, even though we've made friends with a couple of the Home Depot associates since they're so helpful.  As a prior supervisor, I would definitely take a hard look at how Alex's performance and behavior is putting people off, because this turned a loyal Home Depot customer into a loyal Lowe's customer.  P.S. I have since found a job at IKEA as a part-time supervisor,  clearly they thought I was incredibly qualified for the position. Thank you for your time.
2 Everything started out great for my purchase of flooring material to replace aging tile in the living room.  I stopped in yesterday to see laminate hardwood flooring as well as vinyl planks and Associate Chris was very knowledgeable and helpful.  I had also taken a look at the flooring at Lowe's, but I was so impressed with the help I had been given here that I drove twice as far to buy here from Chris.  Chris wasn't on duty when I arrived, but Associate Jamie was also friendly & able to answer my remaining questions as I decided what to buy.  So far, we're at 5 Stars!  THEN, I got up to the checkout & THEY TRIED TO OVERCHARGE ME!  As a matter of policy, any business that cheats me on the money gets ONE STAR & I never return.  The flooring was clearly priced at $1.59/sq. ft. at the display & it rang up at $1.79.  Now this wasn't the fault of the cashier, but then she wanted to make it "iffy" whether or not I would get it at the advertised price.  NO IT ISN'T!  Ok, so after a few minutes of delay & hassle I left with my flooring at the posted price.  The service was so good from both Chris & Jamie that they saved this Home Depot from getting a vote to send it to Yelp 1-Star Hell...  and yes, I'll probably return.     :-)
1 Horrible customer service! Save yourself the trouble and just go to Lowe's down the street.
5 Solid people!  Again, I have waited to submit this review to see if the service is consistent.  Man, is this place solid. I returned 3 times for one project.  Each time I returned I was treated as a values customer, and the offered solid advice on how to complete my project.    Seriously, if you need great service from nice people this is your place!  Hands down you will run into some of the nicest, friendliest, and most helpful staff.  Go check this place out.
5 The store manager Steve is the best at what he does. Delta mechanical performs plumbing work for Home Depot. Delta mechanical is a shoddy company to deal with. Steve stepped up to the plate and made things right when the contractor was unwilling. I love Home Depot!
