4 Chicago style food, in a Chicago sports themed setting.  Great burgers, brats, dogs, sausages, and other hot sandwiches.  I get brats or dogs every time though I hear great things about their Italian Beef Sandwich.  They also have great cheese fries.  Fun casual dining spot that works for any ages.  Super family friendly, but equally appealing to adults going on their own.    Quick warning - The big bread and butter for this place is being located across the street from the high school so try to avoid it during high school lunch hours or right after school.
4 If the thought of eating a hot dog doesn't make you gag....read on.  This part of the review is all second hand. My husband, an Illinois-ian (I felt FIB wasn't quite appropriate here), loves loves loves Chicago style hot dogs. So imagine his delight when he found Cubs Park so very close to us. He loves their hot dogs so much that he'll order like 4 for take out and eat them for the next day when I'm out of town.   As for the times I have accompanied him...well the rest of the menu leaves a lot to be desired. The sandwiches and burgers are eh.  Around Super Bowl time they also place a huge order for White Castles. Now if only they could figure out a way to serve Lou Malnati's there....
3 "Cubs Park"!!!!  Wow does that make me nostalgiac for my Grandpa, the first in the line of suffering Cub fans.  He called Wrigley Field "Cubs Park."  I never knew why, but all the old time-y north side guys of his era seemed to call it that.  I prefer their obligatory "hey we're Chicagoans" decor to all the other Chicago places I've seen.  They've got a ton of 80s Chicago stuff, including a nice poster of my childhood favorite, Andre Dawson.  They even have a clock on the wall set to "Chicago time."  That made me smile.  However, one huge black mark against them, they have one bit of White Sox paraphenalia, a world series pennant.  It's only one, but it sticks out like a turd in a swimming pool.    Anyway, regarding the food, it was ok.  Not great, just ok.  The first time I went, I got the beef sandwich.  It's actually pretty tiny and I think I got the shavings, as all of my beef, while tasty, was in crumbles.  The second time I went I had a hot dog.  I'm not a huge hot dog guy, but there's were pretty decent.    Another plus, they have Old Style.
