5 This store is great.  The bakery is one of the best in town.  The donuts here are the closest thing to a Dunkin' Donuts, since we don't have one in the area.  The place is an old VONS and it still looks like it too, lol.  The place is very clean and there is a lot of parking.  Don't expect many long lines, but do expect LOW prices!
5 This place is still good and they offer name brand 2 liter soda bottles for 99 cents.  I finally tried the restaurant which had a special of a hamburger, drink, and fries for 3.89 and it was delicious and a ton of food for the price!
4 I had 99 cent tacos (beef or chicken) from the restaurant when coworkers at the credit union did a lunch run. The tacos come with beans and rice in a takeout container. The smells would even get to the credit union members in the lobby. They were yummy- I told my husband he had to try them sometime.  Good place for cheap eats. There's a little seating area too if you want to eat there.  My mom wanted rides here, so I started shopping here, too (on my own, after work, usually). Believe it or not, we're not the only asians shopping here. The produce is soooooo cheap (5 pounds for a buck). The prices are hard to beat. I always consult the weekly circulars before heading there. I mainly come here for the produce. Sometimes I leave with two bags and the final cost is under $10.00! My visits are short and to the point. Great for people on a budget, especially older people and large families.
4 Restaurant inside has great mexican food!  Good prices on produce n meat but everything on the shelves seems higher than other markets. Its kinda entertaing place to shop. Most of the time they have the music turned way up n people will be dancing in the isles.
5 I love this market . fresh food!
4 Always nice to find a market that has specials on marinated taco meat!  There are a few places I like hit up when I'm looking to make carne asada fries or some tacos.  I will be coming here more often.  There is a full meat section with different types you need like flank or marinated types.  Also for you taco makers, they have a tortilla factory here as well.  Fresh tortilla! They have fresh bread and a pretty decent cake/dessert section.  What got me is the samples.  They actually put some things together and hand them out to try.  Very nice!
4 Come here for the MEAT. Fresh Cuts and Carne Asada to Die For.  Keep in mind this is a Mexican Grocery Store and No one speaks English.  Coconut water is CHEAP HERE. Those are the only two things I shop for here.
4 Stopped in yesterday to grab a few pounds of carne asada since a friend recommended La Bonita. Only $4 a pound! Great flavor, good quality meat and good customer service. I would definitely return to this location.
