3 Boy, not only is Las Vegas the favorite tourist spot for Hawaiian travelers, but the ubiquitous Hawaiian ABC Stores are also dotted around Vegas. The merchandise is slightly different than in Hawaii because on top of selling the Hawaiian stuff such as chocolates, coffee, souvenirs, they also sell Las Vegas stuff such as CSI: LV merchandise.  I guess you don't have to fly all the way to Hawaii to pick up some of your favorite island treasures anymore.
4 I really like the fact that you can get a variety of Hawaiian products here.  Being that I've never had the opportunity to go to Hawaii, it was nice to be able to browse through the aisles and see the products that I usually get as gifts when people come back from their Hawaiian vacations.  We ended up getting pretty much all things macadamian- from the Mauna Loa Kona coffee glazed macadamia nuts to the Kauai Kookie macadamia shortbread cookies.  The only thing that was missing was the macadamia nut toffee, which this ABC didn't carry.  :(
4 Its a little touch of Hawai'i! Except everything says Los Vegas.
3 So this has to do with understanding the demographics and how to saturate areas....  There is a certain level of consistency, convenience, and oddness that having one on virtually every other block... kinda like what walgreens does these days in busy metro areas.....
5 Anyone that has been to Hawaii knows about ABC stores. I was stoked when I discovered that there were 2 ABC stores in Desert Passages shops in the Aladdin Hotel (now Miracle Mile/Planet Hollywood) a few years ago. Now every trip to Vegas guarantees at least one stop here.   The great thing about ABC stores is that you can get pretty much anything you need while on vacation for a decent price. They have a ton of souveniers - magnets, pens, calendars, tees, glassware and whatever else you may want to bring home. They carry your standard snacks but also carry snacks that cater to their Asian clientele (wasabi peas anyone?).  Plus they have a bunch of Hawaiian snacks - cookies, popcorn and macadamia nuts galore. This is also the best place to get Las Vegas themed Hello Kitty stuff - post its, cell phone charms, pens, etc.   And they have beer, wine and liquor. One stop shopping, for sure.
5 ABC how i love thee.  You can never go wrong with this place.  If you're in Hawaii you'll see this store every block or so in Waikiki I kid you not!  As we stayed in Paris we needed to go to a drugstore or liquor store stat!  Walgreen's was out of the question and wasn't within walking distance.  We talked to one on the staff members at Paris and he suggested ABC store at the Miracle Mile Shop located at Planet Hollywood Hotel.    It took about 10 minutes one way (we walked) to get there on a Saturday evening.  We needed water and some drinks for our stay here.  There are two ABC stores in this mall.  We chose whatever was closest and ended up at the "north" ABC location (suite 145).  This store was pretty big.  ABC had what we needed and got in and out of there fairly quickly.  Of course the pricing was skewed slightly higher than usual but we didn't care.    You can even pick up some hawaiian souvenirs if you're up for it.  Macadamia nuts, kona coffee, maui chips, etc. Yay for ABC!
3 Minus 1 star for not carrying foil when the PH consigere suggested we go here for foil, and we ended up getting foil for our hookah from Room Service for $2.25 anyways.  Minus another star for asking us if we were trying to make a pipe.  I know it's Vegas and all, but I still think that's a little inappropriate to be asking your customers, especially after you can't come through for them for what they're looking for.  They got alki here though!
3 ITs the store that has everything you do and do not need...Enough said...If you need a random item it is very likely that you will be finding it in the ABC store..For me it was a pair of flip flops...little crapy sandals that i paisd 20 bucks for...Convenient? yes!! Overpriced? Hell Yes!! BUT you do pay for convenience and that is that. Will i shop here again...yes...even if I dont really want to it is better then looking forever for what you need.
4 Just went in because I always do when I'm in Hawaii.... just felt natural to go into a Vegas one!   I love ABC stores, and this one did not disappoint. Bought a key chain souvenir, looked at all the Vegas shirts and Hawaiian chocolates/coffees... but also if you wanted to grab a soda, chips, etc, they got that too!
4 This is the best place in Vegas to buy cheap water. At 1 dollar for 1 litre of water, you're getting a lot of value. This is also an excellent place to buy souvenirs.
4 Ahhh, yes. The ultimate tourist store in Hawaii. The ultimate tourist store in Las Vegas.   Inexpensive bottled water, drinks, snacks, and souvenirs. This one also has a ton of Hawaiian stuff in it in addition to the Vegas stuff.   Can't go wrong with an ABC store.  This store was very busy but had everything we needed and more.
5 Cheapest place I know of to cop a bottle on the strip!
4 This chain store proved to be a lifesaver during my trip to Vegas.  What does this place have that no other stores on the strip have?   CHEAP LIQUOR AND SOUVENIRS! mmm.   While the prices of handles and fifths are about 10%-15% higher than those at BevMo! (in California),  thirsty vacationers will find themselves settling as there are no other liquor stores on the strip that sell anything besides beer. Because clubs and bars drive the prices of drinks up to the extreme, it's very wise that you stock up on bulk alcohol here to save yourself a ton of money.   This is also a good place to stock up on liters of water that sell for 1 buck, as opposed to paying 2 bucks for small bottles elsewhere.   Thank you, ABC store!
4 I go to this store everytime I'm in Vegas because it is cheap, but it does add up. Man..I spent at least $70 to $100 every single time I visit this place. All the stores are huge and there's a lot of souveniers to chose from. It is much cheaper than buying souveniers from the hotel gift shop.
4 Aside from Walgreens, ABC Stores is my next go-to spot for stocking up on water and drinks to keep me going on a hot Vegas day.  While not as cheap as Target, it's definitely a whole lot cheaper than pickup up drinks inside the hotels.  Nothing much else to say, but I'm glad it's around so I won't be forced to buy overly expensive drinks at the hotels.   $4 for a small Gatorade at the hotel?  I think NOT!  2 large Gatorades for $5 at ABC?  SOLD!!!
2 Last time I was here it was New Years Eve. Place was a mad house, and the lady wouldn't sell me two 24oz beers. I mean, dude, whats the prob - it was new years eve, you think you're gonna get popped for selling a guy booze? There were about 500,000 other people in there.
4 This a big life saver if you forgot any necessities while packing for Vegas (toothbrush, mouthwash, liquor, etc.). This is a cheaper alternative then buying from the hotel gift shops trust me. I compared prices between here and the hotel I stayed at and I saved more then a few bucks. They also sell touristy items like shirts, hats, and sweaters. They also do flip flops and board shorts in case you change your mind and want to take a dip in the many pools in Vegas. Will definitely go here again, because I always forget to pack something.
4 These stores are good. They have all kinds of stuff. Its a one stop store.
2 I was feeling sick my first night in Vegas and the ABC Stores were conveniently located in the Miracle Mile Shops at PH so of course I went there.  I couldn't find the travel-size medicine, so I asked the cashier and she showed them to me next to the register.  Since they were selling whole bottles of Tylenol for around $12, I figured 2 pills couldn't be that expensive so I told her I'd take them.  Boy was I WRONG!  Those two pills ending up costing me $4!!  WTH?!  But I really didn't feel like walking out in the heat to get medicine so I got them anyway.  They did sell 1.5 liter bottles of water for $0.99, which is a great deal.  I'll definitely be looking at the prices more carefully next time... =/
5 Cant go wrong with this place.. Has all ur essential needs plus stuff from the islands at a great price!! You cant beat that in LV.
5 LOVE THIS PLACE! My husband and I stopped here while in Vegas to snatch up some kitshcy souvenirs and liquor for the trip. The shop has great variety, reasonable prices, and is dedicated to customer service. I purchased a Vegas Coffee Mug which I fell in love with but sadly, after (2) months it broke!  (Due to my own fault!) I called the store and notified them of my problem. Nelson, the GM, offered to send out another mug to me in the mail. I was so thrilled he took the time out of his day to oversee the delivery of this little $5.99 mug that meant so much to me! Thanks Nelson and thanks ABC for being simply the best! SDT
4 i love this store, why? because it reminds me of hawaii and because its pretty damm cheap here!  so why pay $4 for a bottle of water in the hotel when you can get a bottle of water for 89 cents here! same size, 16 fl oz. thats a deal! plus they are like walgreens, they stock everything you need except they have a hawaiian flair. you want macademia nuts? check, they have them here. you want cute hello kitty charms? check, you can find vegas themed ones here. all your necessities you can find here! can't wait to go back to hawaii......and vegas too!
4 I love the ABC stores that are located in every corner...its so convenient to pick up little snacks here and there..Reminds me of Hawaii, how they had an ABC in every block...Wish they sold spam misubi here too.  That would've been great1!!..
4 Im so glad there's an ABC store here.  Its significantly less expensive here for your sundries rather than shopping at your hotel gift shop.  We came here for water, sun scree, and snacks.
4 ABC was a wonderful discovery on a recent trip to Las Vegas while staying at Planet Hollywood. As you'll read in other reviews, this is a huge, bright and clean store full of every drink (alcoholic or otherwise), snack or other sundry you might ever need while in Las Vegas. Prices are in-line with what you'd expect at any convenience store anywhere too. Being literally a few steps from the casino floor, it's a no-brainer when stocking your room with necessities without paying the exorbitant prices of the casino stores. I also enjoyed sitting down to a quick meal at the adjacent Earl of Sandwich and picking up a giant can of Asahi beer from ABC to accompany it. Things you can do in Vegas that you probably should be able to do anywhere, right?  Reading in other reviews that this is a Hawaiian chain, I now recall that the store appeared to be staffed entirely by amazingly friendly and courteous people of Hawaiian origin. One lady even remembered me with a 'Welcome back!' when I returned eight hours after an earlier visit. Nice touch, ABC!
5 Look what I bought at the ABC Store!  Fresh H2O multi-colored pearl necklace, bracelet, earrings, and 3-$1 Million Dollar Poker Chips!  What a STEAL of a DEAL!  I'm rich!
4 I think my eyes lit up when I first stumbled upon the ABC store here at the Miracle Mile shops. A ubiquitous sight in Hawaii, it was incredibly surprising to find a few of them here in Sin City!  They stock a lot of the same products that the ones in Hawaii do, including macadamia nuts, kona blends, island-themed jewelry, etc. They also have a GREAT selection of "Hello Kitty in Las Vegas" paraphernalia and they even have my dad's favorite passion fruit butter in their inventory. My only complaint is that this ABC (like ALL of the other ABCs) does not have Hurricane Popcorn. For whatever reason, even in Hawaii, you have to go to the grocery store to get that :( Nonetheless, it's a wonderful little place to stop in and explore while window shopping and avoiding the Vegas heat.
5 ABC stores are mainly from Hawaii but have found there way to the mainland of the United States. This is a great place to buy cheap drinks and food then the overpriced stores inside the hotels and I think this gives the tourists some advantage to save some money and not everyone in Vegas knows about these ABC stores. Friendly services and well stocked store with great deals and friendly staff that are mostly Asian.  I always come for the 1 liter bottled water, tall cans of beer and sometimes six pack and some snacks to go along with the beer. The Cigarettes here are cheaper compared to the ones in the casino and they have great souvenirs to bring back home that won't break the bank.
5 Hubby and I were so happy to see this little Hawaiian shopping oasis in the middle of Planet Hollywood!! Picked up reasonably priced things like bottled water, gum, macadamia nuts, etc.
2 Great store...in hawaii. Not here.   Jacked up prices (I get it, its Vegas) and minimal selection in terms of food. I was excited to see these stores, as I loved them in Hawaii, but was disappointed with the actual selection. In terms of Vegas, Walgreens is just around the corner and much more worth your time.
1 I arrived at the second ABC Store in the mall, on the advice of a stock person from the other ABC Store. She said, "we don't carry magazines." I mentioned to her that an employee from the other store had just sent me over to her location.  I'm not a fan of not being able to purchase what I wanted. Goose chases should be left for people that are younger.  In the end, I didn't end up with the magazine I had wanted and ABC Stores around the city lost my business.
5 I lived at this store during my Vegas stay.  They have it all.  Water, crown royale, and 5 hour energy.  What else do you need in the Vegas?
4 Yep! They have everything at decent prices. Not much to write home about, but 3/$1 Vegas post cards = excellence.
4 This store in Planet Hollywood is super convenient especially when we stay at The Cosmopolitan, we went there everyday for water, juices, alcohol and snacks. I always just raid the minibar and snack bar in our suite, even a small OJ cost $10, so hubby get things at ABC store from time to time, more selections and much cheaper!   They have good selections of wine, beer and spirit, many cute souvenirs, foods, snacks, magazines, daily essentials, pretty much everything we need on a trip. The price is pretty decent for a store located in a hotel on the strip.
4 It reminder me of being in the Hawaiian Islands.  I had to stop and pick up my usually stuff garlic macadamia nuts, Maui chips and calendars.   Save your receipts for a free gift after you reach $100.    The store is exactly like the ones on Oahu. Good memories.
5 Sometimes in Vegas it's a pain in the ass to get to a liquor store, and the gift shops should give out a complementary bottle of lube with each alcohol purchase. It's nice to have a convenient place to get anything you need and more at a reasonable price.  I appreciate this store even more in Vegas than I did in Hawaii.
3 Am I in Hawaii?  Waikiki has an ABC store every 10 feet, or so feels like it.  It is really nice to see them pop up in Vegas.  First of all, like 7-11, all you convenience needs can be found, only better.  Yes, it is expensive, but you have to pay a premium for convenience.  Drive to a grocery store if you want cheaper.  Then, like Hawaii, many tacky to nice souvenir products can be found here.  Basically, you will think you're in Hawaii, until you discover that no spam musubi is here.  For me, that's a good thing.
4 Handy for buying cheap multipack bottles of water.   Buy boxes of M&Ms here instead of at M&MS world as they are better value.   This place is a good combination of a corner shop and soy inert shop all in one.   Good long opening hours.
4 The excruciating amount of leg pain, combined with a headache and lack there of sleep... brought me into this particular store.  These are the most handy shops any tourist should know about.  It's a great priced place.. especially when you see the tourist traps in the hotel's "convenience shops".  Picked up an energy drink (sugar free) and headache pills for under 15.
5 When you're on the strip avoid going anywhere else you will pay a lot more. When friends are in town and were on the strip and we don't bring drinks this is where I get my cheap fix. Good place to find some snacks and stuff also. Glad we have two in the mall I work in definitely saves me a ton of money.
5 Reminds me of Hawaii every time I visit. If you don't know about the ABC Stores, they're kind of like a very nice 7-eleven store on steroids.  Reasonable prices, lots of useful stuff for both tourists and locals, and a wide variety of foods, gifts, gadgets, etc.
5 32 ounce bottled water 1 dollar.  Beer and liquor very reasonable.  Actually the best prices that we found.  Will be going back here on day one next time we are in town.
