5 Northeast Mesa isn't known as the hippest spot in the Valley, but the addition of D'Vine certainly takes it up the "cool" scale a notch. Critics are calling it the "most inspired" dining option in Mesa. This humble critic would have to agree.  D'Vine features minimalist decor and an all-black clad wait staff. The atmosphere is chic yet at the same time casual and warm. The mission of the owners is to make fine wines "accessible" and consequently D'Vine is no "wine snobs" zone.  Where else in Mesa can you enjoy $5 wine tasting and live acoustic music? The tasting is on Tuesdays and features different "hosts" or wine representatives each week. Sometimes they are the actual winemaker, which is really cool.  But it's the food that getting all the raves.  Lunch choices are decidedly above typical deli fare: grilled swordfish with reduction and lean hamburger stuffed with Gouda cheese. For appetizers try the tempura prawns, stuffed escargot or one of eight kids of bruschetta. Yes-- in MESA!  For dinner, D'Vines serves such unique dishes such as grilled Buffalo, Ostrich, and Wild Boar. They do of course serve tamer fare such as Seared Wild Salmon or Kobe Meatloaf.   So cool, you just might forget you're in Mesa.
5 I was hoping I'd be the first to review D'Vine. Why? Well, for selfish reasons, of course. I wanted to be the one to say, "Look at this spectacular place! It's a gem!" Certainly, I can say that regardless of if I'm the first review or the 150th.   What makes this place so great? Maybe it's the intimate setting they've created with dim lighting, impeccable service, the wide wine selection, the savory menu or the fact they host live music, including local bands like Ten Dollar Outfit.   Don't want to sit inside? No problem. They have a comfortable patio with misters. Simple candles adorn the tabletops.   Don't want to sit in the heat? Select a comfortable vantage point on one of their comfy couches, sit at the bar and chat with the staff (or your date, for that matter) or sit at a table for two (bar table heights available).   Another great quality of this place is the art that adds a certain flavor to the place.   I also enjoy perusing their wine selection, for they sale by the bottle, too. May I recommend the Victor Hugo or Matchbox blends.   When you need the perfect wine, red or blend for a dinner, simply stop in and ask for their preferences. Tell them what's on the menu. Whether it's lobster, chicken or pork, they'll have the perfect recommendation for you. They certainly did for me, and the wine I brought for a certain occasion last summer definitely made an impression!   The location isn't the best (yet it's not the worst, by any means) .Then again, if it were anywhere else, it would be swarming with unappreciative patrons. Instead, this is more of a treasure to people in Mesa who enjoy a relaxing, joyful night out of the house.  For more, visit their website: http://www.dvinewine101.com/
5 So I'm out visiting the cute little nephew in Mesa and his adorable parents (one of which is my really fun brother) and like any good Yelper, I check out the possible places to eat, drink and be merry while I'm there.  I say to my brother, "Hey, I really want to try this place called D'Vine".  He gives me this blank stare, and then says, "How do you know that place? It's GREAT!"  I tell him, his wife, and the people at D'Vine all about Yelp, since no one I met in Arizona had ever heard of it.  Anyway, there are some new converts now.  Turns out my brother and his wife have eaten there many times each week since it's close to their house.    As for D'Vine - it really was FABULOUS.  No, seriously.  The appetizers were excellent, well-priced, and executed beautifully.  My brother chose the wine, but the list was pretty far-ranging.  Eating here was like eating at some of my favorite places when I go to Italy - just excellent food.  They had pheasant (my brother), hanger steak (my hubby) and a hamburger that was out of this world (me and my dad).  While the live music was nice, the live singing was not enjoyable and way too loud to have a conversation.  I will definitely be back again and again to this place, when it's much warmer and I can be outside on the patio (away from the singing).   They have a great patio and a fire pit, which was really welcome on the cold night after Christmas.  While initially we seemed to get passed over for service, the gal who came to serve us more than made up for any gaffes by her friendliness, excellent service and overall knowledge of the food.  I will definitely be coming back the next time I'm in Mesa.
4 I was a bit concerned as we walked up to this place. I mean, it was a little foofy looking for an #evfn. But I was pleasantly surprised.  While the beer selection wasn't stellar, it IS a wine bar. And from what I understand, the wine was quite good. Same goes for the food: top notch. Good enough for my wife to take our 17 year-old son and his girlfriend back the next week. That counts for something.  Sit outside if you can. The pit is great and the live entertainment is very nice. The servers really know what they are doing and will go out of their way to take care of you.
3 This place was definitely a nice surprise. It's location is near the grocery store my friends and I always stopped at before heading to the salt river...so I was surprised that such a classy joint was located across the street.  The vibe was very nice and the atmosphere was that of pure sophistication, though I can't praise the establishment fully. Though the selection of wine was impressive, and the live music was delightful, there were almost no options for a vegetarian. There wasn't a single entree that could be made meat free and still be substantial. I ended up getting bruschetta. It was decent, though nothing memorable...and not very filling.   So vegetarians, beware! This place was not meant for us, sadly :(
4 OK,OK, i have been here before and for some reason I have not been overly smitten with the place, it was never bad  just  did not float my boat BUTlast nite my boat was floated maybe it was the stars,the moon a cosmic force but the wine service apps, dinner were all fabu. I  had the seafood risotto lots of shrimp,scallops, mussells and served piping hot the wife had the nichious salad w/beautifully done tuna a great bottle  bottle of wine . This great little spot is close to my house..............oh d,vine it has taken some time but you have showed me the way.......................oh by the way some great art pieces for sale on the wall
4 5 stars as good as it gets........well maybe not   4 1/2 stars absolutley!!!!! This was our second visit since my last epiphany with this place, started the evening outside with other patrons and then the rain gods opened up and all the desert rats ran for cover inside every one was nicely accomadated and the evening went on great music ,food and service. our waiter was good but i tried to get his attention and could not the owner or manager saw me and immediately came to see what I needed.a pleasant dining experience
4 A great evening. This bistro is a terrific find. The staff was knowledgeable about the wine and the food was fabulous. Our server was Kevin ( this was his first night serving and he was great). Two slight negatives; the house salad dressing is blah and only one bottle of the Runquist cab was available. However on the second point the bartender Mandy suggested a fine alternate. The ambiance is great- a tad crowded, but  open and surprisingly quiet. The artwork on the walls is all for sale ( some very nice pieces- we bought one).  Prices are reasonable for this kind of experience - go, you will be glad you did.
4 once again my 3rd and final review got home later from work than i wanted to so we decided to hit dvine for a nice meal and the usuall relaxing musician who has played there when ever we have gone to devine. as we pulled into the parking lot I noticed alot of cars we entered the restaurant and it was packed.There was another group playing last night who apparently has quite a fan base good music but a tad loud for my taste and the venue,after a short wait we were seated and greated by many pleasant employs service was swift and attentive I had the surf and turf which was a beef short rib served atop nochi and a piece of grouper served atop steamed greens wife had rack of lamb atop goat cheese mashed potatoes along with a little to much wine both great bottles this is a great ne mesa establishment
4 Came here with my girlfriend the other night and it was a very good meal that i was surprised to see in a restaurant in this area. To start with we decided to go with a bottle of wine that while very good was hard to find many priced below $40 a bottle. We selected a blend red wine that was very good enough so that i purchased one at Fry's the following day(but for half the price). To try the most variety and keep our spending to a minimum (being college kids) we decided to go with an order of bruschetta, the special scallop app., and the bison rib-eye.  The bruschetta was the star of the meal and was a true home run. When ordered there are 5-6 different kinds they do and you pick 3 and get two pieces of each. We ordered the Caprese, Smoked Salmon and the Prosciutto. All of them came piled high with toppings and great flavor. The Caprese had some of the best tomatoes and great mozzarella. The Salmon was the slacker of the trio and that isn't a bad place to be, tons of salmon and great olive/caper topping made this a very interesting and tasty dish. The prosciutto was the best with a ton of prosciutto and a great combo of balsamic reduction and pine nuts this one is something that will keep us coming back.  Next was the Salmon Wrapped Scallop appetizer which is the only thing holding this back from a 5 star review. The salmon was good as it was the same as in the bruschetta but it's flavor over powered the scallop flavor. All that came through was the grill flavor and the salmon. The scallop however was perfectly cooked just it was hard to find it's flavor.  The main course was the bison rib-eye which we ordered medium-rare and came with some excellent Guinness mashed potatoes and well cooked and flavored spinach. The rib-eye itself was a bit tougher than i expected but i expect that is because it was a gamier meat than steak which is more of what i had in my head for the taste of bison so that was on me. The steak flavor was great and while i was full about half way through i pushed forward to clear the plate it was so good.  The meal was great and worth the $100 or so after tip we spent. We will be coming here more frequently especially for the bruschetta
5 Have to say went back the other day and had another fantastic meal and this time had one of the best pieces of filet mignon i have ever had. It was late and my girlfriend and I just want to have the great bruchetta here and split a meal. We again had the caprese and Prosciutto bruchetta but also went with a traditional as well. Once again they were amazing. The balsamic reduction is wonderful. Next we split the Salmon Cakes which had huge hunks of salmon and a wonderful flavor and sauce on them. For a light eater they had enough meat to make a meal. To finish we split the day's special filet that we ordered medium rare and it came out so perfectly cooked and tender it melted in the mouth. The flavor with the glaze (the type of which escapes me now) was mouth watering. May have been one of the best prepared pieces of meat I have ever had and at a very reasonable cost($27). They were out of the green beans they traditionally serve with the dish but that was no issue as they spinach they have is some of my favorite so I was almost happy to have them ask me which vegetable I would like to substitute instead.  To top the all off the service was fantastic and they had a live piano player who did a wonderful job. One of my pet peeves is loud more upscale restaurants where you can't have a conversation. Here we were right by the piano and speaker and were able to hear each other at a near whisper.  My last review was a four star but after having such consistency, great daily specials and great service this is a five star place without a doubt.
4 They did it again another great meal. Went last night with the girlfriend, her dad in from out of town and her grandparents. We all shared the bruschetta for an app then my gf and I split the scallop salad which was perfect and a lot of food for a split plate with us each getting two scallops loads of bacon plenty of greens. The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.   for dinner all of us had the special which was a rib-eye filet. My girl friend and I split one, so did her grand parents and her dad had his own. All came out perfectly cooked as ordered, tender as can be. this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored. We subbed the green beans for the spinach which wasn't as good as normal as it was a little salty but still good. The guiness mashed potatoes were great as always. Her dad got the asparagus instead of green beans which he raved about. The split portions were plentiful and almost as big as the full portion and the lack of an up charge for splitting is great. All of us left full and when you consider it comes out to $13 per-person for a split entree of a great steak it is a smoking deal. I have to say the meat is better than some of the other places i have been recently (Don and Charlies, home cooked, Yard House)  We also had 2 bottles of wine which were good and the waiter really worked with us to understand what we were looking for and tried to recommend based on our comments on the first bottle and our previous selections (having been in several times he is beginning to recognize the gf and I) as well as keeping it at a very modest price. They even gave us a sample of the 2nd bottle for free before we ordered just to test it. The service here is top notch and they are all very personable and fun to talk to as well as attentive.  I should probably start switching up my eating a bit more but its so hard with a gem like this. Now that we found the wine club I may be here quite a bit more often.  The only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is salty spinach which may be petty but I have to keep the 5 stars for perfection
5 I am a regular visitor to D'Vine! If you love a small place, with well done art by regular people thats for sale, live music regularly, great food for decent prices...than look no further in east mesa! The bruschetta is amazing! The caprese and prosciutto are my favorites but lucky for you, you get to pick 3 off their menu and you get a total of 6 pieces, 2 of each that you choose. The Scallop salad was amazing. The scallops were cooked perfectly and full of flavor. The dressing wasn't over powering either. The filets are always on the menu and are always amazing. If you split the meals, they don't charge extra but definitely give you a little extra of the sides to fill you up!  What I was never told about for the longest time was the wine club! If you have time for 2 bottles of wine a month than its worth the $30! On top of that you get plenty of extras including $10 off your first bottle of wine of every visit! The service there is always awesome!! They remember you and can joke around and enjoy serving you. Skip Caffe Boa next store...and come here!
3 The main reason I am giving 3 stars tonight was the service! Not all together but our waitress as a whole was awful! She never came to our table during our dinner. We had to flag her down for a box and asked for the check right away. Then we waited forever for her to come back and run our card!! Ridiculous!! I ordered the pizza, it was my first experience. I had the margharita pizza. They girl both sides of the crust were grilled, very thin, not crunchy, very floppy. I believe they used a vodka cream sauce, not too tasty, very runny. The cheese was just so-so. The tomatoes weren't holding together well and there wasn't enough basil for my taste. It wasn't sliced well either but it didn't taste bad not together. Just not known for their pizza.
2 This place was weird. I felt like it was a weird crowd and weird people and just weird. We got the flight of white wine  (i dont remember which ones) which were good I suppose. We tried their apple and brie cheese bruschetta  and it was not very good at all. Just apple and brie cheese, thats it, nothing more, nothing less. Nothing like Postino wine bar's apple and brie cheese bruschetta (maybe theirs is so delicious that nothing compares.) They have art work all over which is neat. Other than that, I was just weirded out by this place. My friends always go to the other location and love it so maybe I will like this place better   if I go to that location, I don't know. Maybe it was a full moon that night that I went? Ha I don't know.
5 My boyfriend and I tried this little place several months ago, and it quickly became our go-to "date night" spot.  The atmosphere is the perfect intimate setting for a quiet night out.  We usually go on Friday nights, when they have a live musician.  (You would think Friday nights would be packed, but we've never had to wait for a table.)  I'm not always a fan of acoustic guitar music, but the guy they have playing is actually quite good!  The chill music, combined with low lighting, create a calming, romantic mood.  Neither of us knows much about wine, so we love the fact that the waiters are so knowledgeable and able to suggest the perfect bottle for us to split.  Their "wine flights" are great, too... they allow us to sample a few smaller pours of different wines without committing to a whole bottle.  We've never actually eaten any of the entrees at D'Vine.  They have such a wide variety of appetizers, which are always amazing!  We generally choose two or three to split.  Our favorites are the spinach artichoke dip and the bruchetta.  Last time, I tried a new shrimp dish, which was incredible.  If you're looking for a quiet, romantic spot for a night out with someone special, I definitely recommend D'Vine.
5 I've been here 4 times and it is consistently good. The staff is very accomodating and the happy hour is excellent. The bruschetta is superb!
4 D'Vine has become a home-away-from-home for my husband and I. We go at least once a week. We love the wine, the people, the music, the atmosphere.  At first, we went just for the wine and the atmosphere, both of which are top notch. The exposure to good wine here has ruined our wine experience at regular restaurants. The atmosphere is sophisticated and modern, while casual and comfortable.  My initial impression of the servers was that they were a bit snobby, but we continued to come for the reasons above. That has totally changed -- we LOVE the servers now. I don't know if it's because they've gotten to know us as regulars, or if they weeded out the snobby servers. Whatever happened, they're super friendly to us now.  Lesley is our favorite server and we always request her when we go. She always has a lot of information about the wines and she knows how to recommend new wines for us based on what we already like. She always picks good ones in a decent price-range (Artessa Elements is our favorite).  There is live music every single night and they have a yearly music festival and wine-tastings. They also have a wine club, which we joined. You get two free bottles of wine every month to take home. You also get 10% off the first bottle of the night when you drink there at the venue.  As for the food: we are vegan and they are quite limited when it comes to trying to eat an actual meal if you are vegetarian, let alone vegan. Here is what we eat:  1) Olives  We tell them not to add the cheese. They marinate the olives every day with rosemary. There are about 5 varieties of olives and they are always fat and firm. These are the best olives we've had anywhere, and now other olives just aren't as enjoyable. We're olive freaks, so that says something.  2) Traditional Bruscetta This is just damn good bruscetta. That's all I have to say about it.  3) Hummus Some of the best hummus around, in our opinion. Perfect texture and flavor. We're hummus freaks, too.  4) Squash Salad That's probably not the full name of this salad. I don't love eating salad at restaurants, but this one is delish. Sometimes I crave it and it's always satisfying.  I think we've also special ordered pizza with no cheese (we like to have basil added), as well as pasta.
4 09.04.10  Great little place! Great service! Great Food!  We ordered Happy Hour Appetizers: Mushroom Fries, Mini Cuban Sandwich and Mixed Green Salad.  All were YUMMY!  Definitely a place we'll visit again next time we're on that side of the Valley!
4 Love their appetizers!  It is a little too pricey to visit more than once a month though.
4 LOVE THIS PLACE. My only disappointment was when they changed their menu for summer. The regular menu is delicious. I can't wait til they change it back. But this place is really great for some live music, good wine, and good food.
4 D'Vine made some great progress in the previous year - since competition moved next door it seems.  Ambiance is nice, serivce is generally good (Leslie and Veronica are great!), food is good, wine is ok.  When I say wine is ok, I'd like to see more wines from France, and especially from the Bordeaux region. The only French wine on the list is a Côtes du Rhone which is ok but not great.  Sometimes the live music is good, occasionally it's loud and annoying...   Otherwise, a nice neighborhood place that we go to about once a week.  We need more places like this in North East Mesa!
4 atmosphere is ok to pretty good and the wine selection is good.  apps are well done and a few good choices on bigger bites.  with not much else in the area it rocks...but the patio could use a little TLC.  will be back for more!
3 Need a quick place to relax during a super stressful work day and D'Vine delivered.  We weren't super hungry... just needed to get out of the office and relax.  So my friend and I shared the coconut calamari and brushetta (caprese, proscuitto, and artichoke).  The food was satisfying and the toppings on the bruschetta were plentiful.  It was the perfect quick bite to re-energize a person.  Although good, the prices are steep and the two dishes were $20+.
5 A great neighborhood restaurant. Food and wine at their best. Friendly servers and great outdoor seating.
3 Pass me some hummus! D-vine is a small wine bar in mesa, which has excellent food.  I hadn't been there for a few years, so was expecting the food quality to have gone down, since they've opened up another location and that typically means the food begins to taste "Chainy".  This was not the case at all, (good thing because we had terrible service).   I'm going to give them somewhat of a pass on the service, because it was Saturday night and the place was packed.   I'm just glad we caught the extra $44 we were charged for our wine, before we left the building.  Okay, now back to the food.    We started off with a hummus tray, the pita bread was amazing! It was perfectly grilled and seasoned,  I could have eaten the whole plate.  For dinner, I ordered the mac- n-cheese without the pork, sub veggies.   The rest of the table ordered a flat iron steak, filet, and chicken, these came out perfectly cooked and with decent portion sizes.  I know this because I waited almost 10 minutes for my pasta to come out, after they had been served.  When my food came out it was a bowl of pasta with more of an alfredo sauce, a little cheese crisped on top then covered in veggies (Including potatoes which was weird).  It was very good, but didn't resemble a mac-n- cheese at all.  I was also a little annoyed, because they charged me and extra $3 for the veggies even though I didn't get the pork.  For dessert we had their prickly pear crème brulee special... omg it was amazing!  I'm glad we finished the meal off strong, because the service was train wreck from beginning to end, which is the only reason D-vine is not receiving a 4, or maybe even a 5 star rating (which is very rare for me).   Despite the service, we still had a nice dinner and will definitely be back.   I am looking forward to getting an opportunity to update my rating and enjoying some delicious food and wine.
2 Ohhh D'Vine, I would sure like to give you at least 3 stars but I can't.  The quality of the food (that evenutally came) and the wine (for which we were charged twice) just cannot overcome the awful service I received.  I hope my experience was out of the norm, but having only dined there once I'm going to Yelp it like I see it.  We sat there (we being Little Lady and her folks) for at least 20 minutes without the table even being approached, let alone anyone taking a drink request.  I had to go to the bar to get water!  I have to say that was a first--I'm just thankful there was a bar available.  I believe it was at this point the bartender alerted a server to perhaps....serve us?!  After someone noticed we weren't invisible (phew, thought I might be starring in the Sixth Sense), things did improve--but it still took several requests to get an additional place setting.  The food was good, but my annoyance level had reached a level that I would hardly enjoy manna from heaven, or whatever that nonsense the kids ate from Narnia (Turkish Delight?).  Despite this, most places deserve a second chance--and I would give one to D'Vine if meeting people again.  However, I certainly wouldn't wouldn't go out of my way to dine here again.
5 Best wine bar in town
3 Last night we decided hit d vine we got there at 645pm they were already packed we were lucky enough to be seated right away. Our wait person had waited on us before and welcomed us back .........a nice touch the dinner specials we decided on looked great unfortunately were already sold out so we started to re review. The menu I decided on a different special ........oops already sold out I ended up with the pasty with beef,mash potatoes inside it was good and the wife had the scallop app. A great bottle of wine and a glass of wine comped because of being out of all the specials.......bad planning on the head chefs part
4 We have been here several times, including my recent birthday. I always go at Happy hour because they have several dishes only at that time. My daughter's favorite is the sweet potato fries. I really like the bruscetta here. Nice variation on the traditional with lots of flavor. Burgers are always good. I have gotten Sea Bass many times and most were delicious. We have had some misses. Risotto was very salty once and made us slightly ill afterward, burger was burnt once. Some servers have been excellent, but service is slow, which may be more due to the kitchen than the servers. Wine is good, though wine knowledge is inconsistent. Still, this is about the best East Valley bistro and works well for families as well as adults.
3 Well, visit numero dos sees an upgrade to 3 stars with much better service and nice evening overall.   However, they were out of the osso buco (the one thing I really wanted to try) so any chance at 4 will have to wait.....
5 Not a place in the valley I would rather eat.  Gary the waiter, is DVine and the chef does it all up right.  They serve fabulous appetizers, I have tried everything at least once.  Great place to go alone or with friends.  They have a very nice wine list including my all time favorite-Eleseo Silva Merlot!  Had our Company meetings here and were given a nice quiet spot in the back.
4 My wife and I went here last night with another couple at 7pm.  Thankfully we had a reservation which gave us a perfect outside table.  The weather was perfect and there was live music so it was great.  The place looks like it gets pretty busy around dinner time so it is probably best to make a reservation if you have a larger party.  I honestly wasn't expecting this place to be as good as it was.  I just didn't think a wine bar in Mesa would serve up the caliber of food this place does.  Almost all the food was excellent and better than just about any wine bar/bistro place I've been to in the valley.  The lamb pops appetizer were rubbed in awesomeness and were perfectly tasty.  And the flat iron steak & polenta were fantastic.  The steak was cooked perfectly, was tender and juicy, and had a great sauce on top.  The polenta was a great compliment.  The homemade peach cobbler for dessert was also excellent and perfect to share.  The only thing I didn't care for was the bruschetta.  It was pretty weak.  Very thin slices of bread with 'eh toppings with ok flavor.  I was expecting much better.  The service was very friendly but they really need more people during peak times because they clearly have too many tables to tend to.  I can't wait to return as they have many other items on the menu I would like to try.
4 For starters, this restaurant was right next door to one of my favorites: Caffe Boa. This was my birthday dinner from Chad so I decided to NOT ask to go to the neighbors establishment instead of his choice. I AM SO GLAD I DIDN'T! D'Vine was exactly that devine!  We started off with a small rundown of the specials and favorites of our waitress. She was extremely helpful in explaining her favorites. I find it helpful to ask the people who work there what is good, as they usually are spot on.  I stared off with a wine trio flight. The Rose' I found them refreshing and satisfying. I also sipped on water with cucumber, who knew it would be so refreshing (and also great to cleanse the palette). We then decided to try several appetizers or tapas. 3 different types of bruschetta: traditional (tomato, garlic, and basil), caprese (tomato, mozzarella, and basil) and brie (brie cheese, apple slices and sliced almonds) each wonderful in their own rite. Our second appetizer was the cesar salad in which we substituted the chicken with salmon.. EXCELLENT! I was pleasantly surprised at how much the taste delighted me. Our third was the stuffed mushroom. I thought it was going to be something like fried mushrooms, but it was a portabello mushroom that had Gruyère cheese, Parmesan sprinkles, red onions and was sauteed in butter and shallots. Wonderful! Fourth and last was the fruit and cheese plate. your choice of any two or four: bleu, brie, white cheddar, gruyere, gouda havarti, robusto, or featured cheese of the day served with spiced nuts, fruit, mixed olives and crostini. Sigh.. Main course consisted of the handmade pasta (cajun alfredo) with spicy Italian sausage (Chads) and the mac and cheese. This was no ordinary mac and cheese. It was made with smoked gouda, heavy cream, smoked pork, and penne pasta. Covered in a blanket of toasted breadcrumbs, shredded cheese red onions and bacon. OMG.  Last but not least dessert. I had the granny apple pie with caramel sauce and paired with a tawny port (cannot remember the name sorry!) Chad had the chocolate mousse cake with raspberry sauce. A M A Z I N G! I mean it... this place was awesome. Live music (think John Mayer) awesome atmosphere. Knowledgeable and friendly staff. This place was excellent.  Prices were not too bad if you didnt have all the appetizers and wine I had haha.... I will return, you can count on that and I will be hungry when I go!
4 I've never been disappointed at D'Vine--the waitstaff is friendly, the wine delectable and the food excellent!  My favorite go-to dish is the Scallop Salad--it's fabulous with the gruyere cheese and apples--nom, nom! I'm also a fan of the Bruschetta and the Calamari!   Go on a night when a live band is performing, the atmosphere is comfy and fun and great for a casual night out!
4 The happy hour is great, haven't had a thing that wasn't super yummy on the menu.  They also do wine tastings and their staff is really knowledgeable on wine and the menu.  The spicy edamame is awesome and they make a pretty good creme brule.  If you are in the area you should stop by for a nice class of wine in a laid back atmosphere.
5 Loved the food!!!!  Seared Tuna was superb and the handmade pasta was excellent.  My faience could hardly keep from licking the plate.  Great wine choices,  great beer choices,  great staff, great atmosphere (for a romantic first date or casual drinks).  Was a little pricey (but we went all out with drinks, dinner, and desert).  There were quite a few reasonably priced entrees as well.  We will visit this place regularly from now on.
5 Close to home, great food, drinks, and people....they have live music as well.
4 I went to D'vine because I heard they had a really good wine list and they try to have stuff that other place's in Phoenix do not have.  I don't know if that part is true but they did have a very large list and what we tried was very good.  The staff were knowledgeable.  The food was very good and it was a good surrounding you could sit inside or out while listening to live entertainment a short distance away which really added to the night.
4 Ahi tuna tataki on the happy hour menu is delicious!   I would expect a better wine list from a wine bar, but I've realized I have to lower my standards for AZ compared to Chicago, IL.  Bottom line: I had a great time and ate delicious food with my tasty wine.
5 I love this place. Simple as that.  Great wine, great people, great atmosphere, great art, great food, great music, great memories.  What more can I say.
4 My friend took me to D'Vine and it was AMAZING! Best fish n chips I have had in years. The service was a fine tuned machine. Everyone in the whole place made sure that  you had want you needed at the exact moment it was needed. I will definitely be adding this to my list of favorites.
4 This place has done it right. It has a comfortable atmosphere and yet it is entertaining and classy all at the same time. There is live music on the weekends. The happy hour special s are excellent. I am working on trying every single dish on the happy hour menu. The bruschetta is a must! They have a lot of choices on their wines too. The slice of cucumber in my water becomes the cherry on top to this wonderful place hidden in Mesa.
4 Love the atmosphere and fantastic happy hour! Favorite spot in Mesa:)
2 NIce atmosphere with lots of reasonably priced wine.  I asked if there was a corkage and my hostess said no but there is a $10 discount if you take it home.  So yes - there is a corkage.  Had the boar chops which the server insisted should be medium or they would be bloody.  Ordered medium rate - at least the cooks know what they are doing.  The chops were cooked nicely.  Unfortunately they were covered with a crappy bbq sauce that almost single handily destroyed the meal.  Fortunately for the crappy bbq sauce there were super salty veggies.  So much salt that they took the honor of destroying the dish.   Too bad - chops were good.
5 What a little gold mine of a place.  The food was fantastic and the atmosphere was so relaxing.  The patio seating was comfortable and our server actually knew the meaning of silent service which is a rare find.  Next time we will go a little later in the evening so that we can enjoy the live music as well.
4 Second time here.  Food is yummy and fun for east Mesa. We will be back cuz Carly rocks!!
4 LOVED the bruchetta with artichoke mmmm and the live music really makes for a nice change when enjoying a delicious meal and having an amazing glass of wine! Thursday nite is ladies nite :) enjoy you wont be disappointed!
4 Great atmosphere, you will feel like you left the valley.  Intimate environment with live music.  The food was good quality.  Creative dishes, nice presentation.  Great selection of wines.  Save room for dessert.
5 My friend picked this place and I was excited to try it. Super cozy, great service, good selection of red wine's. We were able to still have a conversation even with the live music.  I had the Risotto which was cooked perfectly and very tasty. We shared a tiramisu which was good, not as good as mine! but really good. Server was friendly and helpful. Wine was reasonably priced for a glass. Music was good. There was a live singer around 8ish. The bill was not as much as I would have expected for a place like this. I got out for around $40 for a glass of higher priced red wine, risotto, dessert, and tip.   I think this would be a fantastic date restaurant...now just to find the date!
5 I made a reservation for 14 people during our visit to the valley during Christmas.  It was my 3rd visit and each time I was impressed by the service, quality of the food and wine selection!!  A great place!!
1 The food was good, the wine selection nice and this would have been an easy 4 star review but having my date feel rushed to leave and the numerous staff interrupting our date drops this down to the DNR category.
3 Cute little place with a cozy atmosphere.  We shared the macaroni and cheese with sausage dish and it was great! Good selection of wine.  I'd go back!
4 Really good lunch specials.  Bruschetta was really good.  Awesome that you get to pick 3 different types to try.  Its a wine bar, and I'm not a wine guy, but the wife loved it.  Split the bruschetta and a chicken wrap with fries.  Fries were seasoned perfectly.  Some of the best fries ever. Good portions sizes, and good value.  Will be back.
4 Their food is always excellent, no matter what I've ordered (though I must say I love the Salmon salad with jalapeno dressing and the butternut squash ravioli with truffle oil). The firepit is relaxing. The music is fun. The service is sketchy...touch and go. Don't go if you've got a timeline.
2 I visited D'vine for dinner during the week. The location is convenient off the 202 and it does offer a nice atmosphere with patio and occasional live music. Beyond those qualities is where the experience was lacking.  The prices are a little high for the food quality which must be priced for the affluent Las Sendas neighborhood nearby. I ordered the pasty and my wife ordered the bistro chicken. The pasty was disappointing and was like pot roast in an empanada, Cornish Pasty is much better and half the cost. My wife's chicken was bland all around. The service was a little slow as well rounding off a fair 3 star rating. Not sure if ill go back.
4 Went for a work lunch and was impressed.  The ambiance is relaxing and simple.  The menu has some fun items.  My glass of D'Vine Pinot Grigio was tasty.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their food and everything looked yummy with the exception of the cheese plate.  It seemed meager and boring...  I ordered the bruschetta plate.  2 caprese ones, 2 brie and almond ones and 2 chipotle/avocado.  Delicious and the perfect amount of food for a lunch.  My favorite of the three flavors was the caprese.  I highly recommend.
5 Saturday night May 11th, 2013.  Sat outside, table of four.  Beautiful weather, great service, all entries were oustanding,  Wine selection was complete with something for everyone and all budgets.  The butternut squash ravioli is amazing.   So close to,our house...I can't believe that we had  never tried this restaurant before this evening.  Order the bruschetta plate for an appetizer, you will be very pleased.  I can't imagine a Poor meal here.   Deserving of five stars.
5 I have been going to D'Vine for years. Its hard to find a good wine bar in Mesa! This place is totally my vibe: awesome selection of wines (that you can buy up front to take home or enjoy while eating dinner), great food - with an ever changing chef's menu, the Bruschettas are amazing, the chocolate cake is to die for, they do live music some of the time, cozy - you can chill on a couch or on the patio by the fire... and they always have new art on the wall for sale by local artists - cool!   I highly recommend D'Vine for a fun date night.
5 Dvine has got to be the best place in all of Arizona for a stuffed portobello mushroom.  Should I even mention the service?  One word, fantastic.  The staff is always willing to steer you in the right direction.  Our server is always Tim or Lauren (by request).  Insider info, try the scallops.
5 We have been frequent diners at D'Vine for almost 3 years now.  Hubby and I go almost every Friday night for our "date night".  We are not big wine drinkers so we go for the food and friends!  The food is ALWAYS fantastic and the staff are always friendly.  Have yet to have a bad meal or bad service.
3 First off, let me say, my friend loves this place.  She always orders the Kryan pizza of which I had a bite and it was pretty good.  Also important to note up front - they only serve beer and wine - no hard liquor.  The bruschetta was passable.  I ordered a "handmade" pasta with "spicy" sausage and a red sauce which was served cold and in a sweet sauce topped with sausage that was not spicy at all.    They had some live music and a pretty nice patio.  Service was ok.  My stomach hurt all night when I got home.  Not sure if it was from dinner or from the Golden Spoon dessert.  This place is kind of pricey for the quality.  I don't think I'll be returning any time soon.
5 Ok, so I spring a surprise on my gal and make a reservation for 630pm outside so we can listen to the entertainment.  We are seated outside for the piano man and our waitress explains we can participate in the wine tasting that evening, great!!! We order, she gets the swordfish and I get the flatiron steak, and we go to the wine tasting!!! We each taste about 4 or 5 wines and have some small talk.   We get to the table and our food arrives, well it looks good.  Yes, my flatiron steak is super and the asparagus is my fave.  all in a bed of fries.  My girl's swordfish is rapidly disappearing, must be good. We finish off the meal with crème brulee and coffee. Absolutely perfect night with my baby!
4 Love this place - I have been stopping by since it opened in the far NE Valley years ago. GREAT selection of wine and their fruit and cheese plate is awesome. Sitting out on the patios when the weather is nice is the best.
5 This is my favorite restaurant around. I love everything they make, their happy hour had great food, and the wine is always great! Wish they had done hard liquor, but it IS a wine bar. Excellent service with very attentive staff. 5 stars all the way!!
4 Finally got around to going to D'vine Bistro and Wine Bar. Pleasantly surprised! We are very picky, and I can find fault with about everyplace we go to. That being said...the broccolini was a bit salty. But other than that everything was very good. The Bruschetta appetizer was excellent, (we had the salmon, brie/apple, caprese) Happy hour prices are a couple dollars off, appetizers and wine. The ribeye was so delicious, and my partner had the grouper special. Everything was cooked well, and service was good. We will go back.
4 We have been looking for a 'go to'  restaurant near our house, and after being disappointed by a few places tried here. The food was good, the place was packed, and our waiter was nice and helpful. Due to the packed house we sat on the couch while we waited and each had a drink, I was excited to see that they had a nice Riesling on the glass list. They had some interesting takes on some traditional dishes (my husband's lasagna was a fresh made type, not the traditional casserole) but both entrees were good. My scallop dish had a beet purée, which was good, but was a little overwhelming as it covered the whole plate. Our apps were good, we tried 3 bruschetta's which all had good flavor, but the bread could have been crispier. We had dessert which we don't often do, and the chocolate cake was great.  All in all, the food was good. Definitely much better than the place just across the sidewalk, but this good food also comes at a higher price point. We'll be back, but I think I'll keep looking for my new favorite place.
2 Went here with friends at their insistence.  Menu offered a good variety, but dishes were overpriced for the portion size and quality.  Service was only fair, in my opinion.  The location is way too far away from home for me to make that trip again.
4 This is a charming little restaurant in Mesa. I didn't think I would like it as much as I did.  The restaurant is small, quaint, with a nice outdoor seating area. It's located in a shopping strip, so there's plenty of parking. Staff are friendly and nice.  I like that they rotate their wines frequently based on availability. Prices are reasonable for either a glass or bottle, so you can spend quite a bit or not much at all depending on your mood. I tried a glass of Syrah, which was lovely.  I had the bruschetta with caprese, brie, and chipotle/avocado. The caprese was good, the brie was refreshing and light, and the chipotle/avocado was really flavorful - probably my favorite. I thought the prices were reasonable given portion size and flavor.  D'Vine is a bit out of the way for me, so I don't think I'd make a special trip. However, if I was in the area, I would be more than happy to stop in. If you live nearby or like wine bars, I would definitely give D'Vine a try.
5 We go there once every week.. Amazing food and service for a neighborhood restaurant.. We recommend everyone .. Love music, great ambiance ... Since we go after great food this place is one of few
5 The best food and drink in Mesa, period.
2 Good service, and okay wine selection. Food was below average lack of flavor, not cooked to correct temperate. So many people have recommend this as a must try restaurant, it is not worth a 2nd visit. Prices are priced well for the items they sold however the quality of ingredients and preparation of food served was equal to a home prepared meal.
4 D-Vine has been a top local fixture for 10+years.  DV is consistently excellent in its culinary offerings...and the vino is pretty good too.
4 Nice atmosphere, live music, If your a wine buff it's great too. Food was good. I ordered a chicken breast and got something that looked like a wing. They gave me some fancy name for the breast but I was disappointed. Salmon was excellent however "sticky purple"  rice was awful. Service was excellent.
5 My husband and I love this place!  We have been going there since they opened.  Atmosphere is great, they have live music.  The food and wine out of this world!  I love the brushetta and my husband loves their fish tacos.  It is a great place for date night.
5 This is my place!!! I walk in and they know my name! I love the food and the service. They make the best Filet in Mesa and have the best wine in Mesa! I will come sometimes 2 or 3 times a week and their happy hour Tapas and wine and beer for 5.00 can't be beat!  I'm so glad to see David is back as the GM. His knowledge in wine is excellent and his customer service is top notch!
3 Their prices are high but their food quality is wonderful. When they have music inside it's too loud to have a conversation that's a big drawback. Their happy hour pricing is great but there appetizer selection for happy hour is so-so. The staff is well educated on the wines
1 I must first say that I've been in the wine business & restaurant industry for 17 plus years, in a fine dining enviroment And, I sell wine during the day. So when I saw a so called up scale wine bar hiring I thought I would apply. So I submitted my resume and they were interested and responded with an interview request. I made an appointment for the interview.  Before I interview at a place I always dine their first on the downlow to check out the food and wine menu and check out the ambience. Thank God I did, food was ok, but lets talk about the wine list. First this is a wine bar and when I go into a wine bar I like to experience new wines. Not name brands like Rombauer Chard, Sanoma Cutter, Silver Oak Cab and to many more to be listed. This bothered me because, any wine driven restaurant I've worked in that claimed to be a wine bar was there to educate and introduce new wines. I saw that they had flights so I went into the interview with an open mind.  When I went into the intervew two days later, I was directed to a table where the manager was sitting and eating. On the table there were three name brand bottles of wine. Funny thing was it was Rombauer Chard, Sanoma Cutter and Silver Oak Cab. When I sat down told the manager that I liked these named brands but there are better wines at a better price. I couldn't believe what he told me!! He told me that he puts name brands on purpose so they would sell, I was shocked. Here is a manager who claims that he wants to educate his guests about wine but refuses to put similar wines other than the name brands on his list so that his staff may educate his guests to a new experience at a cheaper price!!  The funniest or should I say the most disturbing thing the manager said during the interview was about his wine education program, he spoke fifteen to twenty minutes about how he wanted to help other restaurants train their staff about wine education. It seems that he was more interested in that than his own staff. When I dine I questioned the service staff about wine and they were clueless. Good Job educating your own staff. Better luck selling your wine education program to other restaurants. So if you want to get ripped off and have ok food and WAY over priced wine please go, thats exactly what you'll get. You've been warned. They are trouble. Go to one of Postino's Wine Bars instead or Kazimirz a real WIne Bar ! ! ! !
