4 We came out here for the Native American Heritage festival and we were pleasantly suprised to find small ponds and a shooting range plus friendly geese and ducks all over. The park was very nice and well shaded with lots of kids fishing and feeding bread crumbs to the wild birds. A great place for a relaxing afternoon without having to leave the city.
5 My boyfriend surprised me with a sunday picnic at this park and I was very pleasantly surprised to see a park with real grass that wasn't dried out in Vegas. The pond is really nice and there's enough trees around for some decent shade too! Really a beautiful park for a city like Vegas where green is sparse. Go on a nice sunny spring afternoon or morning and I guarantee you'll have a fantastic day.
5 This is a great park to get out with the whole family. A historic divorce ranch with placards telling the tale of when celebrities would come out and kill some time waiting to get un-hitched and then often re-hitched right at the ranch.   Pony rides, fishing, and a celebration called Cowboy Christmas each December with lots of great free activities for the kids. Gun range and RV camping.
5 I love this place. It's so peaceful and gorgeous. Great place for a birthday party, wedding, or just a day out. I like to get away from the city whenever I can and this is a favorite destination for me. The history really makes this place.
5 Floyd Lamb State Park is a nice get away, not far from home. There are plenty of ducks, geese & even peacocks to feed & observe. Fishing in their catfish stocked lakes. And nice BBQ & picnic areas. Admission is inexpensive.
5 The best park overall in Las Vegas to see all kinds of animals- a must-see for families, especially those with children. I don't remember what the cost of admission was, but it wasn't much, under $10, for a state park. The trek over there is worth it. Parking can be crowded especially on a holiday weekend. If you've gone to the dirt lot, it's the last one- you might have to circle back around to the other ones (paved) for people vacating the park (yes, stalking for a parking space). We got lucky that a spot opened up.  The last time we went, we came with my mother-in-law and her husband, my husband's step-dad and their pair of german sheperds. We made it a picnic lunch. It was a nice sunny day with a light breeze- great day for a picnic. We were able to get a free table under a tree for shade. There was another party besides us but we still had some space. We saw geese, peacocks (even a gorgeous white one!), ducks, swans, and even horses (in the stables in the back). For this reason, there is a ton of bird poop all over, so watch your step! Or have paper towel rolls in your car. If we had brought our dogs, it would've been a struggle to keep them away from the birds (sunset park is also full of animals, aka. distractions for my lab-pit bull mix and cocker spaniel). There were so many people fishing. I don't know if they ever caught any catfish. We took a couple laps around the entire park- it was nice. We saw little chicks (ducks & swans)- it was so cute.
3 Nice little park to have a picnic. Not a place I would go regularly.
4 By any other city's standards, this park would probably get 2 or 3 stars at best.  But for Vegas, it deserves at least a 4.  It has green trees.  It has water.  It has ducks!  You can't find any of those things very easily in Vegas, so for the novelty itself, it's worth a visit. If you have kids, they'll love being able to run through actual grass, chasing ducks.  Your dogs will love it too. Go with some pretty low expectations and you might be surprised how much you enjoy Floyd Lamb.
5 In the history of Las Vegas there were two men named "Floyd" who had cultural significance for the city. Both men were convicted of felonies, yet both men made the state of Nevada a lot of money. The first one was the Senator Floyd Lamb, and the other guy's name is Floyd Mayweather. On July 2nd 2007, the City of Las Vegas decided to rename Tule Spring Park after Senator Floyd Lamb.  I assume they didn't rename the place after Floyd Mayweather because they were afraid it would increase the number of physical assaults on women and Iphone thefts within the park's gate.    This  is where people In Vegas should go! Not the casinos! Not the bars! Not the clubs! They should all come here instead.   To all you North-West Vegas residents: Stop wasting your lives gambling and do something productive! For once in your life, wake up before 5pm, grab a book, and come on over to Floyd Lamb Park and sit under a tree for a while. It's much better than drinking, doing drugs, going to clubs, and blowing your paycheck at the tables every week. Maybe you will lose some weight as well! It's pretty sad how the average weight of chicks in NorthWest Vegas is like 200 lbs. If more of you came over here and did something physical, then I bet you wouldn't be overweight and have diabetes. So stop blaming Jewish people for your failures in Las Vegas, get into your 1989 Ford Focuses, and drive on over. You all should feel privileged to have such a nice and beautiful park in your community!   I think it might be a little difficult for most NW Vegas locals to come into this park. The admission is $6.00, and to the typical NW Vegas local that's a lot of f*cking money. Also, gas is like $3.90 around this part of Vegas and I know most of the people in the Centennial Hills area don't have that either.  But, there is a solution... You can physically use your legs and walk to the neighborhood behind Floyd Lamb Park. There is a small opening in the gate and walk-in guests are permitted for free.   The moment you get out of your car the Canadian Geese run straight at you. They are so used to people feeding them that they are no longer afraid of humans.  They will literally eat out of your hand. Personally, I enjoy feeding a funny looking animal more than drinking beer and doing crack.   Behind every tree and in every hiding spot you will find a Peafowl.  There might be over 100 peafowl in this park alone. Most of them are Indian Peafowl, and most of them are males(Peacock). For some reason, it is rare to find a female(Peahen), but the Peacocks are everywhere. It's always a great idea to show up around mating season because the Peacocks will display all their feathers in an attempt to get the Peahen's attention. None of them are  aggressive but they don't like being touched and make a lot of loud noise. Where else in Vegas could you find an Indian Peafowl.  While walking on one of their many trails, you get a very clear view of the snow on top of Mt. Charleston.  It is very scenic and worth checking out.   If you like to go fishing, this is the place to go in Vegas. The lakes are actually natural springs. They got native Largemouth Bass, Bluegill, Sunfish, Channel Catfish and in the winter months they got Rainbow Trout. What more can you ask for?  My only problem here is that I sometimes run into a psychotic guy with his dog who for some reason hates everyone. The guy looks like a sea captain and has the white beard, hat, and tobacco pipe and all.  He appears to be really paranoid about getting robbed and get's really defensive if you get close to him. Watch out for him.  I recommend coming to Floyd Lamb Park because it will be your first step in recovery from the Vegas lifestyle. Become a normal functional person again!  SPECIAL NOTE- The free walk in entrances are at: Racel Street(across the street from Gilcrease Bird Sanctuary), and at Coke Street(near the horse stables). Also, there is a giant black rabbit here...everyone keeps telling me that I'm seeing things or mistaking a black cat for a giant black rabbit. I know there is a giant black rabbit here.
4 This is a pretty nice park in the suburbs of Las Vegas; it has several smaller lakes that could probably use a little cleaning (as I've seen people fish from them and wonder if they ever get sick), a history section of the park looks like it is well kept.  Not often will you find wildlife (or even think about them) in a city like Las Vegas, but there are plenty of geese and ducks (only thing I can't stand is all the poop), and a rather large number of peacocks scattered all over the park (I must admit that they somewhat intimidated me at times as if they were going to attack if I came too close), but overall, it's a good park to check out if you want to explore the nature side of Vegas like I do. There is a $6 parking fee for those coming by car.
4 When you need a change of pace from Las Vegas and the Desert, you need to come here.  Yes, there is grass, trees, lakes and wildlife (ducks).  The place feels like a little oasis in the dry, hot desert.  I've been here a few times and actually got to camp here because of a few Boy Scout events they hold here throughout the year.  It is a very large park and has plenty of room to do outdoorsy stuff.  You can go finishing here, feed the ducks, take a walk on the winding paths, roll around in the grass, play catch or Frisbee.  The trees are mature and the grass is always nice and green.  Bathrooms are nice, clean and well maintained.  There TONS of covered areas for eating outdoors or hanging out.  I would rate this higher than sunset park because it is not in the middle of town and does not have the sound pollution from airplanes landing.
4 Nice park to take the dogs out for a walk and go fishing. There needs to be more parks like this spread all over Las Vegas... I'd go here more often if it wasn't a 30 minutes drive :(  Its definitely very nice to see green grass, trees, a little pond/lake, ducks and so forth, and it makes you feel like you're not in the desert.
4 I am lucky to have this park just minutes from my house- up in the NW.  Its a couple dollars per car, I think if you ride your bike in, its only $1.  There are several lakes (manmade, of course- its the desrt!) and beautiful grass and trees!  Walking through this park is a nice change from the rest of the city.  It is clean and well-maintained, with multiple public grills and picnic areas.  A bike path runs through the entire park.  Perfect for a family outing, to take your puppies, or just a nice date.  Beware of the geese.  They are huge and scary and all over the place! :)
5 I have been coming to this park my whole life.   This park is great for birthday parties, boy scout/girl scout outings, picnics and just simply going for a walk.  There is a entry fee of $6 per car and $1 if you come in by horse, bike or walking.  There is a lot of real neat history that goes along with this park.  Just walk around and look at the stables and buildings.  At one time people would come stay at the ranch house while awaiting a quick and easy divorce which wasn't so quick and easy in other states at the time.  They have 4 stocked lakes. We used to swim in them when I was little but I wouldn't recommend it today as the water looks kinda green and murky. Don't be hesitant to fish though it is so relaxing to fish. I love how it is all grassy with big beautiful trees. If you look closely in some areas of the lake you can see a bunch of tad poles which is fun for kids to see and learn about.   You shouldn't be surprised to see peacocks and ducks roaming around. There are even several cats that belong to the park rangers.  The park is named for former senator Floyd Lamb.  Also, Lamb Blvd in Las Vegas is named after him and his brother.   If you haven't been here I recommend it. It is such a nice escape from the city and where else int eh desert can you fish or picnic on such a gorgeous grassy area?!
4 I love to mountain bike and this place is awesome for it! You can park your car at the new park/walk located off Racel and Cimmaron. Hop on the old mountain bike and "shred" right into Floyd lamb from various different spots. The park itself has tons to see and paved and dirt areas for riding. I love coming here as it's never too crowded.  If you are coming here to ride you must be courteous to other people and riders. The trails are horse trails also and riding up behind a horse too fast can spook it and throw the rider or the horse may kick you a good one.. It's best to go around or slow down and let the rider know your coming. Also watch out for the horses landmines as I have you to find a rider who cleans up after their horse. Watch out for the occasional jogger, or family either walking or riding bikes as they can take up the whole walkway. If you opt to take some of the paved trails inside the park watch out for a couple blind corners as the can be soaked with water and full of feathered friends. Don't want to run over a bird as this is a wildlife preserve and you can be forking out a hefty fine or jail time. Been riding here a while and have never had any problems.
4 In history, prior to Floyd Lamb State Park being established as a public park in 1964, it was known as a ranch for people to obtain an easy divorce. Last week I went to Floyd Lamb State Park to obtain an easy divorce from Stress. Nature led the ceremony.    Floyd Lamb State Park (now named Tule Springs at Floyd Lamb) is a go-to place to divorce stress. It is one of a handful of open spaces for outdoor recreationists to benefit from the Serotonin of the Las Vegas sun and to appreciate its open spaces. Contrary to what a few publications state about Floyd Lamb State Park being surrounded by development, it is a large open space with development on three of its four borders. To give a perspective of how large Floyd Lamb State Park is, it extends from Durango Drive to Jones Boulevard. The next time you sit at a long light at any surface street that intersects Durango Drive, visualize an open space that extends east to Jones Boulevard. If you drew a line north, that open space would be in the farthest reaches of the Las Vegas Valley.    The best way to describe Floyd Lamb State Park is as two sections divided by an invisible line. There is the Tule Springs section with grass and ponds under a canopy of mature trees. And there is the desert landscape section with open spaces and equestrian trails.    The Tule Springs section includes the historical restoration. It stands immediately past the Fee station, which is $6 for a motor vehicle. In this historical restoration peacocks in place of people dressed in historical costumes are the hosts. They are natural entertainers that in my opinion give some Vegas headliners a run for the money. Peacocks are everywhere. They are on top of buildings, foraging on the grass, hanging out in bushes, and relaxing. North of the historical restoration paved trails connect to ponds. Here a population of geese and every type of duck are the hosts. They share the same fish that people are trying to catch. It is nice to be able to relive the duck pond landscapes of Long Island. It gets even better when the peacocks and ducks interact.    In 2007, when the City of Las Vegas regained ownership of the park, it acquired a vast tract of open space to the east of the original Tule Springs section. Park lovers greatly benefited. The developed area of Floyd Lamb State Park expanded a great distance to the east. I appreciate when a park grows instead of it being truncated by additional tract homes. This is the desert landscape section. Here open space and horses rule. This is the place to ride a horse. There is a sundry of equestrian trails. At the transition area to the east of the Tule Springs section, there are horse stables. On my most recent visit, I shared the desert landscape section with several equestrian riders.    Spending time in this section of the park, open space tranquilizes the stress of daily life. Floyd Lamb State Park is in the northernmost part of the northwest Las Vegas Valley. It is where sprawl merges with the open space of the Sheep Range Mountains. The vistas of these mountains are mesmerizing. It is encouraging that levels of government agencies intend to keep the undeveloped land in the vicinity of Floyd Lamb State Park and Sheep Range Mountains pristine. Recently I read in The Review Journal of plans to turn this land into a National Park.     A minor complaint that Yelpers addressed is the poop from the geese. The reality is that there is also poop from the horses and canines. Where there are animals and nature there is poop. On the bright side graffiti is relatively nonexistent.     It turns out that my divorce from stress was short lived. By the time that I was on US-95, I had remarried Stress. I will remember this three-hour divorce through the memories and pictures that I took of Floyd Lamb State Park.
3 I probably didn't get around the entire park, but the parts that I did get to didn't really impress me.  It was nice to see all the ducks, and to get a good walk around the lakes/ponds, but that was about it.  There was so much bird and duck crap on all the picnic tables, sidewalks, and ground that you constantly look at the ground as you are walking like a paranoid crazy person lol.  We did a mini picnic with cupcakes from Retro, and were feeling uneasy after the ducks started circling us looking for freebies lol.  But too bad ducks, we didn't waste the goodies on you!  Also didn't see any areas for the kids to really play.  No playgrounds, just areas where they would chase the ducks crazy and throw rocks, which is obviously a no go.  Give the kids something to do, so they don't get in trouble getting into things!  Maybe they have one somewhere, but us walking for an hour or two came up short with no results.  It also costs $6 to drive in here, which isn't much money, but since we didn't really get any major enjoyment outta our visit, it felt unnecessary.  Guess I will stick with the regular parks for our little one.
5 This park is so beautiful.  i came here to do the Aloha Run not too long ago with a friend of mine.  Although it is very far from the Strip, the view was worth it.  When we parked, we saw some geese on the lake and so many trees.  The park is one of the cleanest parks I've seen and has a lot of space for parking.  The trail for the run was very clean and straight forward.  Too bad I don't live around this area, I would take my dog here every day for a walk if I could :)
5 We take our dogs here pretty often and it's a blast!
5 Impression: Best place to have a bbq picnic, relax and enjoy the company of others in the midst of nature and wildlife..  I came here to celebrate Mothersday with my family and coworkers. Being a lover of nature, I truly marvelled being in this place as you feel the sense of leaving the busy life of Vegas behind and enter a refreshing retreat of lush landscapes, wildlife, and a sense of peace and Serenity.   We had a large group of at least 30 people, mainly comprised of my coworkers from the healthcare facility I work at along with their families. I was in charge of reserving our pavilion. I did it by phone and immediately regretted it as they had me running to the nearby fax machine to fax the contract back to them. If you're thinking of reserving a pavilion, do it in person or make sure you have a fax machine available. You also need a phone with a camera that can send pictures so you can send them a picture of your driverslicense. They charged me a total of $50 to reserve the place including the $25 deposit but it's easy enough to split with the group and definitely worth it as the pavilion is HUGE! There were 3 sections of the pavilion each with enough long tables and chairs and 2 bbq stations in the middle. The location we had (pavilion 3) was ideal as it was right next to the pond so if you're thinking of fishing you can do it under a nice shelter from the sun. If you and your group plan to bring alcohol, you need to mention it to the person so they can include it onto the contract. It's free of charge but there are rules that come with it. If you're not reserving a pavilion, there are still plenty of shades from trees you can place your picnic tables and chairs but you have to bring your own bbq grill.   The park was truly a beautiful place, it's the home of many different kinds of waterfowl, fish and you'll see beautiful peacocks just about everywhere. I came close to many waterfowl species without the intent of harming them and not once did they try to chase me, attack or bite me so you can take comfort in that. Just dont touch them or harm them as it is against park rules and they are wild so the can be unpredictable. It blows me away everytime I see many geese/ducks swimming in a straight line across the pond. I just dont see this anywhere else. Just be mindful where you're stepping as wild birds are not potty trained.    To truly enjoy this place, bring a bike or two, fishing gear + your fishing license, your dogs, a huge picnic cloth (because eventually the shades from the trees and the soft grass will look tempting and you'd want to lay down and rest). Bring music, board games, playing cards, badminton racquets, volleyball, football and whatever games you can think of as the only other thing you can do here is enjoy nature, and the company that came with you.   Interestingly enough, as I was exploring the place on my bike, i found out this place has an extensive history as a ranch and you'll see plenty of old buildings, some dilapidated but it definitely evokes a rustic feel and sometimes downright spooky.. I will definitely come back here again when we have a picnic with family and friends as this place is worth the $6 entrance fee to escape from the busy life of Las Vegas.
4 Years ago this place was well away from the city. Nowadays the city has build right up to and around it.  Went out there today with my daughter and our dogs and walked around the place. It was very quiet and peaceful. Just like I remembered it from years ago. I'm sure it helped that it was only 8 AM and a weekday.  I bet it gets busier on weekends.  My one complaint was that the ponds looked like they could really use a cleaning. I saw food wrappers and empty bottles floating in all of them.  The dogs had a blast running around and I enjoyed a quiet morning walk with my daughter.
2 This place is kinda run down and packed. I guess it's to be expected as one of the only parks of it's kind in Vegas, but I was very disappointed. They tout it up to have great fishing that's stocked monthly, but it's apparently way overfished. Every 6' on the bank there is a group of people fishing, or just sitting there with their poles out of the water, I didn't catch anything, no bites even, nor did we see anyone else catch anything in the 4 hours we sat on the bank....This place might not be too bad for a picnic or a stroll when it's not too packed, but when I tried it out a couple weeks ago it was very less than stellar....
4 Very nice place to walk and eat and duck watch!  Go there right now!
3 Something is eerie about this place. I did not see the peacocks or the ducks. It was almost as if they knew I was coming and hid all of them. They probably know about my Asian BBQ and Noodles check-ins.  With that being said, what else is there to see here? Bird poo isn't quite what I would consider an attraction. I could go to my neighbor's house for that. No thanks.  If it weren't for the farmer's market and Rika Arepas truck, I wouldn't set foot here.
5 This is very far for me, so I will probably not come back very often (unless it's for work). I visited during a week day, so there were lovely attendants at the guard post to collect the vehicle entrance fee of $6. After you follow the road in, there's a parking lot on the right side next to beautiful trees and an open area where there are peacocks everywhere! I was in awe! I was definitely following a few peacocks around to get photos of their gorgeous tails. They were skittish, but I was surprised how they just hang out in the open and everything is cool (except one was heading toward the parking lot and I was getting nervous for him). There were peahens nearby too. Anyway, the walkway that cut through the grass was lined with large trees and since it was Fall when I went, the trees were a beautiful yellow and leaves were everywhere. It was such a serene and nice sight. Then, at the end of the walkway is a gazebo. Just so pretty. You have the option to walk around the grounds, however, since I had a big group of people with me for a photo shoot, we drove to the next parking lot. This gave us the opportunity to walk by the lake and surrounding areas (including two other smaller lakes!). We got to see lots and lots of geese! The lake area was also really nice and once the sun started to set, I felt like I wasn't in Las Vegas anymore! Great place to bring your family and children, especially if they are visiting since this will be a pleasant surprise!
5 Only federal park in the state great for a walk with honey, dog or self to clear off the Vegas aggression. 4 lakes to stare at and relax in nature great place for a picnic.  No trash cans so pack it in pack it out
4 Its a bit of a drive for me but as a photographer I often enjoy this place as an outdoor location for all sorts of shoots! Great location, BBQ in the park nice lake beautiful trees and scenery! Would recommend everyone give this park a visit!
5 Very relaxing and the food on Saturdays don't hurt. Wish it had more vendors during the farmer's market. Clean and relaxing.
5 Love this park so much, I bought a home near it, moving this Friday, May 16th, 2014.  Can't wait to walk around there with my family, my poodles, biking too,  picnics.  I am just excited.
1 I'm very shocked this park is rated as high as it is. I thought it would be a nice place for an outing with my son. You pay a small entrance fee, I think it was $5 or $6, but it wasn't even worth that!! I guess its the only large "outdoor" park around though so maybe to some its just amazing. but it wasn't.  There is something creepy feeling about this place. Its pretty run down and as previous reviews mentioned, holy sh*t! Literally, bird poop EVERYWHERE! The ponds were filthy, all the buildings were locked up and covered with dust. If you like looking at peacocks and ducks/geese, I guess its a nice park. Pretty far up North too, don't waste your time, not worth the drive!
4 Duck poop everywhere, and not a duck in sight to eat.  If you leave without having some poop remnants in your shoes, consider it a miracle. And expect to be hounded by the peacocks if you even smell of a tasty morsel.  I will say the fishing is okay for catfish, but everything else is terribly hard to catch. And the scheduled hours of operation from 8am to 8pm, make for an exceedingly hot day of fishing.   Really, really nice for strolling around. But hope to avoid the knucking fuckleheads that let their dogs jump into the waters ( and for some reason, they are usually overweight German Shepherds, go figure ) or the Big mamma jamma's blasting rap  music accompanying their fishing ventures. So, Yes, hit or miss for ambiance.  I'd say go really early or just before closing for the least interrupted experience. Just leave some fish for me, don't grab all the peacock feathers, and remember to wipe out the caked duck poop before getting back into your car.
1 I used to come here as a child and I remember it being a beautiful lush green park. It was such a nice place to picnic and spend time with your family. Now that I am older, I had taken my family to the park and I was extremely disappointed. The park was so dirty. The grass was completely covered in bird poop. No trash cans. There is also an entry fee to get in which is so sad because the neighborhood park looks better than Floyd Lamb.
