4 This gym has become my mecca of fitness the past couple of months. The gym has lots of equipment and usually there is little to no wait on the equipment. Unfortunately, the previous gym I was a member of (Lifetime Fitness) spoiled me, so I cannot rightly give a five star review, especially because at LVAC all the machines are crammed in together, often with little space to maneuver. Considering that the monthly membership is half that of my previous gym, I think the value is well worth the price.  Laura did such a great job of describing the gym that there is little else to mention. Though if you are like me and go straight from the gym to work in the morning, be warned that the showers in the men's locker room are just open stalls. The showers have better water pressure than my place so that makes up for it. In fact it's been at least a month since I've showered at my place since I go to the gym in the morning before I do anything else.
1 Don't push me!  I don't like being manipulated. I don't like hard sells. I don't want a long-term contract. The month-to-month prices are a bad joke.  Yes, it's a nice gym. It's always packed. The parking lot is often full. (Too full.)  They don't seem to want my business. If they did, they wouldn't be twisting my arm until I screamed, "uncle", and ran out the door.  Nope. Thumbs down.
4 One of the newer style LVAC's with lots of room and plenty of equipment. I think the previous reviewer had a bad experience or is not really familiar with athletic facilities or Las Vegas. Contracts are pretty standard when enrolling in any gym, their not going to hassle you to join or try and up sell you into anything you don't want its a freaking gym not a car dealership the most you can possible spend a month is like 50. Yes sometimes you get the front desk clerk who is not thrilled to be there but oh well that's life. Yes the place does get really packed especially around 5 or 6 in the evenings after most people get off work. If the staff trys to tell you that you will never have to wait to get on a machine they are blowing smoke, sometimes on the weekends you can barely find a parking spot let alone a elliptical machine. The free weights area is really busy so your better off going midday or at night if that is your thing. There are not to many gyms where you get as much as you do with LVAC for 25 dollars a month. The pool area and stuff is pretty cool if your a lap swimmer, not sure why they put the steam and sauna rooms out there though usually those are supposed to be in the locker rooms. Overall this place is pretty cool and they have everything you can ask for in a health club. They really need a traffic light though out of their parking lot, it can be such a bitch to go north on rainbow out of there especially when the parking lot is backing up and it is rush hour.
5 Being the Mayor of this gym on (gasp) Foursquare, I think I can safely vouch for this place.  It's priced well. It's clean. It's convenient. The spin classes are awesome. Heather on Tuesdays /Sundays and Wayne on Thursdays. They will kick your ass, but still leave you motivated enough to want more.  Few things to note:  Cardio--Machines are all in great shape. Most of the equipment has it's on TV (with cable).  Plenty of variety. My only wish was more Concept2 rowers.  Weights--Phenom selection of cable machines, freeweights and even the amateur air pressure machines.  Bathrooms/Locker Room--Can't vouch for the ladie's room since they don't allow me in there. But the men's room is very clean. VERY clean. I've NEVER seen a gym's bathroom as clean as my own. And I run a tight ship.  Classes--I've only done spin and yoga here, but both are great. The instructors are fun, motivating and inspiring. Ridiculously fit.  Ok. Having said all that. Get your butt off the couch and get to the gym This place rocks.  Oh yeah, one last thing. Open 24/7, 365. I've been here on Christmas Eve night, Superbowl Sunday, New Years Day at 4AM. It's ALWAYS open for you.
2 huge place lots of options like a pool. well really the pool is ok. lots of clases always lots of cars parked in parking lot. the tour was boring. dont think i would ever actually join them though even though the price is less.
5 The juice bar is open 24 hours too!  So I was not able to afford my payments for 24hr Fitness anymore, and joined LVAC. I signed up when they had the special women sign up for $5, and then then according to the package you sign up for, in my case, the basic package, $22 gets ded from my acct every month.  .  You have all the classes available to you for no extra charge, and they have more than one class and 3 diff schedules to work around your work day. The mornings are pretty empty and i LIKE it, i feel i have the whole gym to myself.   If you want to play Racketball, you need to schedule an appt in the book at the front desk b/c its a high demand sport. You have a time limit unfortunately  Towel service is only provided to you if you sign up for it in the package, and they'd know when they scan your card every time you go.   Personal Trainers are available to you with a package sign up, and if its your first time at a major gym, i recommend a PT. Unless you have someone who goes with you and can assist you. But if you have any questions with machines you can still ask and they will assist you :)  For you busy parents, they do have a daycare that your kids can stay at while you work out and in the womens center and upstairs there are monitors in that are around so you can monitor your kids while you work out.
5 I LOVE THIS LOCATION! Much much more than the others. I believe this place deserves a much higher rating than it has... seeing as its reviews are based upon other departments, not solely upon the facilities of the gym. Customer service is handled by the main office/HQ, I understand that you shouldn't be forced to get a membership, but seriously... that's their job (SALES), and the channels on the TV need not to be watched if you do not care for what is being shown.  Eh ANYWAY...  I used to live out on the NW side of Sin City, so this was my go-to gym. I would go everyday after work from 3-5pm. I know the parkinglot may get packed, but there is more than enough rom for everyone in the gym! This gym's track is the biggest of them all. Only 5.5 laps around equals a mile. I haaaate running on treadmills (even though this location probably has the most cardio machines I've ever seen... upstairs & downstairs! geeeeez) and so I always opt for doing my cardio on the track. Less repetition of sites = better run, clearer mind IMO.  The gym is always clean, maintenance is always around, and for some reason, the crowd at this location is a lot more "normal" than some of the other locations. (example: Eastern/215 location - review coming shortly after this..)  I utilize the ab/stretch area, free weights, leg machines, sauna/steam room, and locker room most often. I love this place even more for having restrooms upstairs too! Thank goodness. My favorite gym, even preferred over the newer one on Flamingo/215.  How I miss thee, 95/Rainbow gym! Now I'm on the South side... and the nearest one to me is the Eastern/215. It's okay... but still! This one wins, regardless.
5 I'm basing this rating solely in comparison to the Flamingo location. Everything that location does wrong is 100% corrected in the N. Rainbow location. Luckily it's much closer to me as well as several other glaring differences.  The machines are spread out over a wider area and you don't feel like you are working out with hundreds of people. Not to mention everyone at this location is extra friendly on the staff. When I was at the Flamingo location it felt like I was being judged by all the staff members. It may have something to do with me being a string bean but screw them.  If you're looking for an intimate location where you don't feel like you need to beat back droves of people to get on a machine then head to the N. Rainbow location. If you prefer looking at plastic bimbos and juiceheads then head to the Flamingo location and wait 20 min. for a machine. Thank you for getting it right LVAC!
1 Employees and staff are extremely rude and unhelpful.  Overcrowded, broken equipment, hazards on the floors.  STAY AWAY!!!  24 hour fitness is a little more expensive but it will save you a lot of grief.
5 When I worked on this side of town, I came here with my boss/friend- it was convenient. This club is amazing. It's huge- two floors. Parking was the problem- really popular gym after 5 pm. It was better during the winter hours- less busy.   There is a kickboxing gym in the front (Fasi Sports). The weights section is on the bottom floor- a lot of show-off muscle heads were here- annoyingly grunting despite the many signs posted against doing that (sorry, not impressed). Also saw a few manly women (bigtime body builders-regulars) here too. One of them had a zippered hip pack covering the crotch (every time) so the actual sex of said person is questionable. The massive cardio machines section is on the other side complete with multiple large scale tv screens. The locker rooms are also on the bottom floor. I'd run into so many people that I used to work with, at this gym.   There is a really cool running/walking track upstairs. There was a pilates machine section (semi-private, but didn't appear to be doing well, so it might not be there anymore) upstairs that borders the stretching area (balls, rollers, and mats here). Several instruction rooms upstairs as well. There are a few weight machines here too.   This is a state-of-the-art facility and I really enjoyed working out here. I didn't have any problems here, but I heard that some lockers in the men's locker room were broken into- also, there is a VIP locker room for both, too, available at a premium price, but I'm not sure how much it costs.
4 Equipment is up to date, the employees are friendly, the trainers are helpful and the cleaners are Mexican, but the gym members are stuck-up, affliction wearing, fitted hat sweating a-holes.  Sometimes I think they go to the gym just to showboat. And that's why I can't give 5 stars.  Other than that, this is my 'home' gym. I've lost alot of weight coming here, and gaining it all back from all this food in LV.  Its time for me to lose weight again, and LVAC is the place to do it.  Need to charge your iPhone? Plug it on the treadmill while you're running, and run Pandora while you charge and jog at the same time.  They also offer classes in the fitness rooms. Scheduled times are in the LVAC magazine or posted on the glass window of the fitness room.  I used to be a regular of the 8 Strikes kick box class which is really intense.  Alan the instructor will push you to the max and is a good motivator.  It gets packed here from 5pm-8pm and parking is a beezy!
4 I love my gym. It's not perfect but it gets the job done. There are always treadmills, ellipticals, etc. available, even ones with TVs. I have never had a problem here. There are lots of TVs and they play good music. The bathrooms always seem clean. Sometimes I have to park in BFE but who cares, I'm there to exercise, not to get a good parking spot. I usually see a security guard driving around on a golf cart and have never felt unsafe at night. The kids working the front desk are always nice. My membership is super cheap and I can use any LVAC around town. My favorite part is the classes which don't cost extra. I LOVE body pump and Alicia is a great instructor. The spin instructors are great too, and the abs class. One con is a lot of the bikes in the spin class are falling apart so it's a tad ghetto, especially compared with the W Flamingo LVAC.
5 Julie! What a spin class this woman teaches on Wednesday at 4:30 and Saturday at 10am. Unreal! Awesome! Just go! And work it!
4 Friendly employees, modern equipment, lots of televisions to keep you occupied when you're on the treadmill, stair stepper or exercise bike. Equipment is sorted by the area of the body it works, which is helpful when putting together a workout routine. There are also specialty classes for those who are interested, a pool and a sauna.  Parking can be a hassle, and in the warmup area there are certain pieces of equipment that there are too few of, because they are always occupied (sometimes you want something other than a treadmill). When a piece of equipment is broken it doesn't seem to be repaired very quickly.
4 I have been a member of LVAC for about seven years. I used to go regularly, then less regularly, then not at all. After a loooong hiatus, I have begun going to LVAC again on a regular basis.   My wife just joined LVAC last week, and we have been going to classes together which helps keep us both motivated.   We have been to spin, abs, yoga, zumba, and body pump. I have enjoyed all of the classes. However, depending on the time and class you go to, it can get crowded. During one of the abs classes, it was so packed a couple of people were turned away 'cause they'd run out of mats.   Likewise if you go at night on a week day, the gym is packed and you have to park pretty far away. But hey, you're there to work out so what's the big deal with walking a little bit to get into the gym. I think it's funny when I see people circling in the firs few rows to try to get a close parking spot.   For the money, LVAC is a great deal, and I'm glad I'm a member.
4 Love the indoor track...
5 Best gym I even been to! Love the privacy us women can get too!
4 TONS of fitness classes with great instructors (I'm partial to the Spin classes). Modern, clean equipment. Friendly staff. Indoor track and pool. Not too many meatheads. Tis my favorite gym to which I've ever paid dues.
5 Indoor track, Juice bar, personal trainers, swimming pool, and just about anything else you need to exercise. What I really enjoy about this gym is the design and layout of it. It just looks better and more up to date than the other gyms I've been to. I really can't think of anything negative to say about LVAC other than it does tend to get packed after 5pm due to the after work rush but you can't expect this place to be empty all the time.
5 I live about a mile from this gym and I like this location not only for convenience but also for cleanliness,  friendliness of staff and variety of weights, machines,classes,  and the women's gym and to mention they have on-site childcare.  They also have the most awesome smoothie snack shop inside,  perfect for pre and post work out session cravings :) BTW it's best to come at 10 pm because the place is not as packed which is a. Good thing.
4 I am really amazed at how nice this gym is, lots of cardio machines upstairs and downstairs. The running track is really cool and it is separated very well for different types of working out. I really like the huge tv wall and individual tv's on the machines that have over 60 channels. The machines are also up to date as well. The price is really good and way less than 24 hr fitness with no initiation fees. There are also a lot of really hot girls here, way more than 24 fitness at Ann or Craig ever had. The only downside to LVAC is that there are not any located NE and Northern Las Vegas. This one is the closest to me and it is a good 15-20 minute drive.
4 Amazingly well equiped clean gym.  Some equipment needs service/repair.  York the Weekend Manager is a Diamond.
4 I like this gym. It's nicer than some of the other gyms I've been to, and it's priced right at $22/month. But I think the real test of how awesome a gym is really comes down to "how long do I have to wait to use a machine at 6pm?" because that's when this place is packed. Honestly, there are times where 6pm at LVAC feels like a nightmare: the locker rooms get packed, you have to wait like 10 minutes to use a machine, and parking is a hassle. But those horrible days (usually Monday - Wednesday) are not as big a deal for me because I prefer going on Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturday and Sunday which seem to be less busy days.   They also have a little snack counter that is delicious, albeit too expensive to frequent all the time. The other day I had a turkey sandwich, a banana, some chips, and a water for $8. (Now my after-gym treat on some days is the peppercorn steak at Applebee's across the street for $10!)  I do have one gripe about the gym: I always feel like the track portion of it should be cooler. It feels like there's insufficient air flow. At the same time, that may just be me complaining on account of I'm big.
4 ok so after golds screwed me over i came here. i love this place its huge and there is a ton of equipment. even though there is always a lot of people and the parking lot is always full. i like it a lot more then golds and the environment is not as meat head ish.
4 I love this location.  The high ceilings make this gym my fav!
5 My boyfriend and I started coming to LVAC after Gold's started to throw in all of these extra costs and not tell anyone.  I LOVE THIS GYM! The staff is great. They're all extremely friendly and helpful. It's huge so you never really have to wait for machines and most of the people who go here are really cool (not too many juice heads ;p) There's also a huge variety of classes and times so almost any one is able to take a class which i think is great considering the gym i came from offered hardly any classes.  i recommend: SPIN - with Alice! She's an incredible instructor and she won't let you back down. You came to work out and she makes sure that you are working out. YOGA - all of the yoga instructors i have had here have been great! it's a lot of fun because you never do the same thing in each class. each instructor has a different style and they all take you through different poses. WATER AEROBICS - I know this totally doesn't sound appealing unless you're a 70 year old woman but trust me it's an awesome work out. I was once a swimmer on a team so i LOVE the water. You work out to some awesome music and since you're in water there not much sweat is involved for those who hate sweating. I was talking to one of the instructors and they said they wish more people would come to their classes. I would tell anyone to try this class :D
4 I prefer this location versus the lvac that is on my side of town eastern & 215. Newer machines and a wide variety and it is bigger. It does get crowded around 5-8pm but it doesn't bother me because it just gives me a reason to explore other machines or work on something else.   I've take their spin classes at this location. I prefer spin because you really get a workout and I always leave class drenched in sweat! But it does depend on who is your class instructor.   I usually go to Alice's spin class on a Wednesday night at this location (I believe she also does Sunday morning and Friday?? but you can look on their website). Now Alice will make you workout and she means serious business! My boyfriend and I usually go to her class together and boy does she give a good work out! She does not mess around when she says no talking and she doesn't like laziness. I took another spin class at this location and I did not like it one bit. I guess it depends on the type of class you are looking for...this other lady was yelling "Woo hoo!!!" every minute and it was annoying. I'd rather have an instructor who is hard on your workout  and shows discipline than someone yelling "Goo! Woooo hooooo!!!!"
4 You get what you pay for.  But here, its actually true.  Excellent value, they don't rip you off.  And, it has all of the standard gym equipment I expect in a gym.  It helps that they have a lot of locations.
4 This gym can get pretty busy... which sometimes can be motivating.... unless you get stuck between some major bo :( twice in a row. I had to leave or puke everywhere!    It gets busy on the cardio machines around  9AM- 11AM or between 5-7Pm for those getting off work. There is plenty of parking although you may need to park far away.   There are tons of classes going on most of the time core/body pump/ body step/ zumba/ body combat / swimming / belly dance ect ect. Get there on time since they can get crowded for the popular classes ( zumba).    Gym is always clean bathrooms mostly empty and like everyone said 24 hour juice bar that can get pricey.
4 Clean, wide variety of equipment from free weights to circuit machines,  there's something for everyone here. Gotta love the cardio area, as well as the free classes...Staff is always friendly and can't beat the cheap monthly fees!...ALOHA!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE- (65/365) "Work That Body!"
4 I like the club a lot and love the fact that when I go after work, which for my schedule is around midnight, the gym isn't too crowded.  There is a huge variety of equipment to choose from. For those thinking of signing up, I would offer a bit of advice:  There are different plans, and though I don't remember the name I wish I had chosen differently, but now it costs extra if I want to change plans.  Since I hadn't been using a gym regularly when I did join, I opted for the more expensive plan that includes an hour with a staff personal trainer each month.  I  thought this would be a great way to have a workout tailored to my specific goals.   Well, now I have tried two different trainers and can't say it was such a good deal.  My last trainer was just going through the motions in setting up my workout.  She didn't even finish going over the workout with me when the hour was up, so -oh, well, I am on my own for the rest.  I didn't feel that she was very knowledgeable, either.  For myself, I wish I had opted for the cheaper plan, then could have used that money to hire a real trainer.
5 This is the cleanest gym ! The women's only area is the perfect size with a little bit of all the general equipment. I love that it's 24 hours and the front desk staff is usually friendly when checking you in :)
5 I love my LVAC.. The hardest part really is getting up and going to the gym but once I get there I feel like I can stay there the whole day! (well not really.. Haha) My friends and I would even joke about how when we run out of places to hang out at we can just chill by the juice bar seating area and talk story.. Lol. With all the equipment and classes offered I don't see why this place would get less than 5 stars?
4 This is where you'll find me 5 days a week. I spend many many hours here each week and after belonging to many health clubs over the years, I have to say for the money ($144/yr) this place is a steal.   They just opened a 3rd aerobic room, they have a lap pool and huge jacuzzi, steam rooms, saunas, a running track, a separate women's gym, juice bar and very nice VIP locker rooms for both men and women.  Papa D spoils me rotton by keeping me in the VIP locker room each year, where I enjoy the massage chair after my workouts. The VIP room offers me a private locker room, shower, and my own locker, where I can store my shampoo and shower items. Both workout and shower towels are provided.  I'd like to recommend personal trainers Angela, Linzie and Claudia. They are fantabulous and great fun to work out with and will keep you in bikini body shape!!!!!
5 I sadly went to a 24 hour fitness gym with my dad since he has a pass. I felt like I was cheating on this amazing gym with an old creep. No gym compares to its employees, cleanliness, and machines.
3 This LVAC is a little older.    I only come here when I have to (my boyfriend trains at Fasi).  The playroom attendants are nice and my 4 year old loves hanging out there while I work out.  Recently, I've done BodyPump here as well as Sh'Bam (fun), Zumba (not so fun), BodyFlow (fun but small class, mostly senior citizens... I'm 28 haha) and I think yoga flow or something like that.  My only complaint is the playroom will only supervise your child for 2 hours... most classes are 2 hours long, so you either have to walk in late or leave early.... which I hate doing... if you want to take 2 classes.  Also, some of the classes I wanted to take overlapped (one ended at 7 while another started at 645).  TIP: Be wary of their contract... I've heard horror stories.  Unfortunately, I switched from 24hour (which is month to month) and am now locked in to LVAC until 2013.
4 First off this is my Favorite location of all the LVAC's but I had to give a 4/5  Location: The company is great, I love the convenient locations they have. This LVAC is located on rainbow near lake mead. I went during one of the busiest hours 5:30PM when everybody goes. Traffic going in wasn't so bad, parking is horrible so I usually just drive to the back and park. Be careful here with parking people seem to suck at parking between lines. I've also heard a lot of cars get broken into in this location but luckily I've never experienced that first hand.  Customer Service:  The managers are great super nice, they always say if there's anything we need let em know. Ask for blah blah blah... but the workers not so much. Like I said I went around 5:30 and the front desk people weren't so nice at this location. Some yawning some not even paying attention. Wasn't so happy about this. The janitorial workers are a so so. In the locker rooms they keep the place pretty clean. There was one female janitor that kind of rubbed off on me weird. She was cleaning my machine as I was on it. Kind of thought that was weird but didn't say anything, lets just say it took my focus away for a minute.   Amenities: I really appreciate how many TV's this location has although the 215 LVAC has more there's always a machine with no one on it for me to watch my 6 o'clock news. I never use it but I see lotion in the women's locker room. Also in the showers they offer plastic bags for your wet clothes that's a plus. The juice bar at this location is the only location that makes my protein drink right. The locker room, whether you have your own lock or you don't they accommodate to both. To the people who don't have their own locks they can pay a small fee of .25 cent (or more for bigger sizes) every time you lock your locker. I find that people at this location who don't have lock's still put their things in a locker with out locking their lockers. I guess these people just don't care if their things get stolen but ya that's a no no.   Overall this location is still my favorite because even though I go at the busiest hours this place is so huge it can accommodate for everyone.
4 Awesome gym. Good value.
4 I love the spacious facility and it has all of the equpment (plus more) I'm looking for.  I can get a great workout in and the price is excellent.  At the busiest times I might have to wait for a smith machine but I've not had to wait for any other equipment.  I have to say that I have not had great experiences with the people though.  While I was in the middle of a cardio session on a Cybex Arc recently, a woman attempted to mop the floor - under my feet.  Yes, WHILE I was exercising!  Hit me in the back of the legs with the mop.  Two days later, again while in the middle of my workout, an employee reached past me to turn the fan on ON my machine.  He said I was sweating and didn't think I knew where the fan was.
1 The following is an e-mail I sent to LVAC "customer service" today. This sums up my thoughts about LVAC.    This is the 6th (unanswered) e-mail... and there have been no less than 15 calls.. requests to speak with a supervisor without a response.   I've had it with this company they are Extortionists!     If you join LVAC you are likely to be robbed in multiple ways!  copy: I am sending this e-mail, though I know that it will likely go unread.  Ignored.  Just like the phone calls coming in to your corporate office. SHAME on you LVAC. I first became a member back in 1998.   I was a member for many years. You guys were great!  I'd recommend all of my friends. Now, you treat your customers as insignificant "cash sheep".   You care not a single bit about their well being, and you try not a single bit to provide a quality experience. My husband was robbed at your gym.  Someone broke into his locker and stole his things.   You did nothing.  In fact, you did worse than nothing.  You dissuaded us from calling Las Vegas Metro.   Oh, we should have done that!   Instead we went to the station to file a report the next day.    But looking back, Metro should have been called.  Your members should have had the wake up call of seeing cops in their gym, so that they could realize that this was a threat that was going on REGULARLY!  That's right, I understand that it happens all the time!   You tell your members who are victimized that this is a RARE occurrence.  You feel good about lying?!?    I hope you're proud of that. Shortly after this event, I called to cancel our memberships.    We were too anxious to continue working out there, now that we knew we were putting ourselves at risk.   I'd discovered that someone else I know was assaulted and her car was stolen right in your parking lot.  I guess your too cheap to hire proper security.  Because you DO NOT CARE about your members!! Now, the person of extremely limited intelligence that I got on the phone did not cancel my memberships, as I'd requested.   I'd asked for a supervisor to call me 12 times now!   I call a couple of times each week to try and resolve this.. WITHOUT handing your close to $400, since that what you claim I owe now. You are going to be sorry.    Consumers turn to the internet now to evaluate their options.   You think you have a lot of negative press now?!?   Oh, just wait.   More is coming.  A lot of it from me.   And I network.    Sincerely, former LVAC member for over 10 years.
5 Best gym ever! From the bay area and we have nothing like this back home. I was impressed with the upstairs, downstairs, all the free classes, saunas, pool area, running indoor track, juice bar!!! Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuper clean, and pretty locker rooms...i'm hooked. Plus with the deal i got i get my own personal trainer too. Super cheap just $31 a month! =)
4 The best location is Flamingo and 215. Great place to work out. Lots of people there at all hours, so it is good to people watch while working out. If you go during the busy hours, you may wait for equipment. I usually go during the off hours, and the one at Rainbow and the 95, which is a lot bigger and less packed. I've only used the cardio and weight sections, so I can't comment on the pool and spa area.   The other thing is that a lot of healthy fast food places, nutrition stores, and tanning places are located very close, making everything convenient.
5 Awesome Gym! Cardio machines on every corner, and a running track upstairs! I am not a fan of running outside when its 115 F so having a place to run inside is an instant winner. If i get tired of running in circles there are 2 pools downstairs! One is a lap pool and the other a wading pool. This room also comes equipped with a hot tub, a steam room, and a sauna! I have not had a chance to take any of the classes yet but the selection looks motivating! Cycle classes and core classes are on my hit list.....I can keep going on about LVAC but ill end it on these notes....Big, Clean, Juice Bar, Pools, RUNNING TRACK! Make a right off lake mead onto rainbow and your right on it.
1 I can certainly agree with many of the reviews here in regards to the facilities but simply put I have never seen such poor customer service in their business office.  If you plan to join this club for a long term membership then it may be worth the trade off but if you are based in Vegas periodically or for a short term then I would not recommend LVAC.  Oh if you ever find your self in need of a manager from Customer Service good luck I'm positive that they certainly do not exist
5 This place is huge and cheap. You can sign up for $22 a month, but if you want a personal trainer or other perks then you can join for $31 a month. I haven't been to 24 Hour Fitness or anywhere else, but I doubt you would get a better deal.   Like I said, this place is huge. You have a downstairs area which has free weights and machines and then another area for cardio machines. There is also a food stand in the middle. Then the upstairs has a two lane track and another weight machine area and more cardio machines.   I go during the early morning so it's rarely busy. It does start to pick up at around 7 or so if that's an issue and it was busy on Monday. I have done some research before joining and heard this was more of a social club than other places, but I don't notice this as much as it was suggested. For the most part, people use the machines and walk or run the track without being all social and hogging all of the machines when they're not using them. Maybe this is because I go during the morning though.   Overall a great place to work out.
5 LVAC as the locals say! I love this gym and wish you opened one up in the bay area!! I honestly compare this gym to all other gyms I've been to.  -indoor track -women's weight room -flat screens on cardio machines -pool, sauna, steam room, jacuzzi  5 stars go to all the  variety of classes  Any class you can think of they have it. Classes taught all throughout the day, all week long. No other gym I've come across comes close to the variety of classes LVAC has.  The classes are taught by real professionals most of the time.  Real dance choreographers, real salsa dancers, real kickboxing fighters, catch my drift.  My favorite is street jam, zumba, belly dancing, all for $20 a month!
4 Born and raised in Las Vegas, I have been to A LOT of gyms over the years.  There are nicer gyms in town, but for the money LVAC is my choice in Vegas.   Even at peak times there are open cardio machines and enough free weights and Nautilus style machines that you can work the muscle groups you want without much of a wait at all.  LVAC's hidden gems are a few of their yoga teachers however.  Each location (and I've been to them all for yoga) have one or two fantastic yoga teachers.    At the Rainbow location Marissa is my favorite.  She teachers a smart-flow style that emphasizes a different aspect or body part in a beautiful way throughout the class during her vinyasa flow classes.  She also leads some ashtanga classes that are great too.  You can find her teaching and leading workshops at traditional yoga studios, Lulu Lemons guest teaching and the Platinum, highlighting the fact that LVAC is blessed to her.  Yoga schedules can be found on LVAC's website under class schedules.
5 This is my favorite LVAC because it's huge and I like the layout.    Track, cardio machines and weight machines upstairs. More cardio machines downstairs, along with a huge free weight area, a pool and a women's gym.  They also offer lots of classes from body pump to pilates to water aerobics.  It's not super high-end or anything, but if you are looking for a good workout, this fits the bill.  I love the LifeTime Fitness on Sahara, but I'm honestly not able to spend 6 hours getting my hair done, massages, lunch, and a workout.   Less strippers/meatheads than the 215/Flamingo location.  :)
1 would have loved the opportunity to actually view the class schedule before getting the sales pitch. unfortunately you cannot do that on the website. you first have to click on the member/non - member option at which point you are directed to some bs window with two attractive people trying to sell you on why you should become a member. just a hint: i won't be joining. ultimate fail.
5 I remember when this place was built. It was before I even included "personal fitness" as a characteristic of mine. It just looked like a monstrosity of a place to pump iron. (Do ppl still say "pump iron?") Fast forward to 2013- I'm at the gym an awful lot. I think about being here when I'm bored and when I'm working. So they must be doing something right. Or maybe I'm the one doing something right! Either way, LVAC has been there for me. Sure there are busy days when I have to wait for machines, or some members that don't take working out as seriously as I do, but it's a good place to work out and I can attribute some of my personal well being to this place. For that, I'm grateful.
5 This is the closest LVAC to my house, and it is always clean.  I very rarely see trash or weights thrown around.  It is not too busy at the times I go, so I am never really waiting for weights or machines.  I really like the indoor track for running, I know not many locations have one, but this one does and it is more for me than a treadmill.  A lot of their running machines do have TVs on them though, which is a nice addition to a workout.  The kids daycare area is also very nice, and all the workers seem to be friendly and take care of our little one.  They recommend calling at least an hour or two to set up an appt, but we have never had a problem with them watching him.  They also house Fasi, which was my Muay Thai gym.  I should sign up again and lose the weight I've put on since we took a "break" LOL.  Also a very nice gym I would recommend checking out.  Because I have nothing to complain about, I will give it the 5 stars lol.
2 I loveD LVAC Rainbow/Lakemead until Feb 2013.  They permanently removed the mirrors from the main rooms on the first floor where classes are offered.  Traditionally, exercise rooms have mirrors.  It is unnatural to take classes in rooms without mirrors.  Mirrors are an absolute need and there are many reasons for that.   I don't know of any health clubs that have training rooms without mirrors and I have been member of many gyms in the US and abroad.   To me, it's unbelievable and it's a shame that a club like LVAC removed the mirrors from the main exercise rooms.  To make it more incomprehensible, the only room that has mirrors is upstairs where they offer the cycling classes.  Now, does that make any sense?   I'm having a problem understanding the rationale behind it.   And to make things worse, they painted the room black!   It's taking them forever to finish the so called "renovation" of the room.  As of this writing, Room 1 is ugly, depressive and lacks logistics.  They have added new features that people don't care for and many members are very unhappy, others like me, have not gone back to the classes.   The gigantic LVAC sign in the center of the room is good for nothing.  Wrong allocation of money.  We were deprived of our regular classes in that room for weeks and now it's mid-March and the room is not finished yet.  This is terrible and shameful.  They should fire the "brilliant" mind behind this failed project.  By the way, complaints to the management have been made to no avail.  For me the club now is crippled.  It no longer meets my needs.  That's not the club I joined 3 years ago.  I bought a 3 year membership in a club that had mirrors in every training room.  At the time, that was not even an issue because that's the norm.    Anyway, the above is MY opinion.  Some may not care about mirrors and good for you.  As for me, I refuse!
1 Do you want your childrens brand new shoes stolen? How about a nice large welt on your little sons head?? COME HERE!  Sooo the shoe fiasco happened a few months ago, but with the service I received today it just added fuel to the flames.  Ok, so basically, its a gym. They have nice workout equipment, although some is broken or missing parts. They have plenty of it. Is it clean? No. I clean mine every time I use it, but Ive seen some pretty nasty shit. I once left a gum wrapper by the elliptical and it stood there for a whole week. As have a fake nail on the chest press in the ladies gym. Like I said, tons of machines on 2 levels, a ladies gym that way you dont have to deal with creepers... but you will deal with them idiots who lay on the floor in front of the squat machine texting. If you go into the steam room, look out, I sat in gum and was freakin grossed out. I do have to give kudos to the ladies who clean the bathrooms (The Mexicans chicas) Theyre amazing and sweet and clean wonderfully!  Now for the bad.  Customer service:  NONE!  The only thing LVAC cares about is getting your money. Not about if youre happy with the services, not if your kids brand new Vans were taken and never returned, and def not if your child is struck in the head by another child resulting in a large bump on their head (And having to find out not by them, but at home BY YOUR SON) . MONEY IS ALL THEY CARE ABOUT HERE.  My sons shoes were taken and I spoke to the play room sup, nothing, spoke to the actual manager of this facility and he tells me he'll file a report and ask if they can waive my next months fee (I suggested this) but do you think I heard back? NOPE. So today I call to change my exp on my card and they tell me I owe 20$ bc this months payment didnt post (Yet its charged on my card/statement) I ask if they can waive it as a one time thing and tells me no bc I havent been a member for a year.... REALLY? I then ask about the reports, AND WHAT DO YOU KNOW, NOTHING WAS EVER FILED. Ahh this gym is a PIECE OF WORK!  Child Gym:  The check in ladies are a bunch of rude jerks, theyre brats and should be nice since I'm helping pay their checks. Also, Ive seen that they let the bigger kids play and be in the area where the smaller (not infants) play. This one time I seen them throwing a ball around and it hit another of the children in the head.... do you think any of the 7 workers went to check on the kids? NOPE.  If ANYTHING happens to your child, tough shit. YOU SIGNED THE POLICY.  So parents, take your kids in a potato sack and some flip flops because if ANYTHING is lost or STOLEN it will not be replaced. You will also not get an apology, because YOU signed the POLICY.   I wanted to love this gym, I really did. Its just really pathetic that a gym that prides itself on treating people with respect and all alike treats their customers like shit.
5 For a gym being 24 hours, it sure beats 24 hour fitness.  Might be because less people use this gym compared to the gyms I've been to.  The equipment all look new and the venue looks nice; it even has a juice bar.  My friend thinks this place beats 24; I think so too.  The buttons on the machines all work smoothly without people wanting break the buttons like at 24 lol and the equipment are all in good condition.  I didn't see any machines not working.  The people don't reak of body odor and the air conditioning is actually on and people here actually wipe the machines after using them!  I love how all the televisions are on one side of the wall where everyone can watch any channel in clear sight, too.
1 Worst gym I've ever gone to.  It's so crowded! The classes are so full its standing room only.  I moved and they won't let me cancel.  I've sent them all the documents and they keep requesting more and more and more and they still won't stop charging my account every month!  DON'T SIGN UP HERE! Seriously go to ANY other gym.
1 Worst place you could go.  They have dirty business practices.  Even if you move and provide them with the appropriate documentation they won't let you out of the contract.    On top of that the good classes are so full you can hardly breath let alone work out.  If your smart you won't sign up here.
3 Nice, large gym that has everything you need, but is a bit commercialized and crowded
4 After about 100 check ins i decided its about time to get a review for this place  The gym is quite easily the biggest and there's lots of machines. The vibe of the gym is pretty good to get a workout in. There's always a decent amount of people to help you. The trainers I've worked with here are all great with maybe one exception  The bad: parking is usually horrendous. When it's in peak hours it becomes almost impossible to get on any machines. As is to be expected with this many people, there's going to be some not so fresh smelling people. There's sometimes obnoxious people that slam weights and such, but the management usually takes care of it. The other major downside is that no basketball court and the racquetball courts are meh. In terms on cleanliness, it's a hit or miss with the locker rooms   In all, it's a 4 star gym because I go there enough times and I've seen everything that a few bad doesn't outweigh all the general good
5 Love this place! Their classes are addictive and make working out fun instead of a chore!
4 I promise to never complain about my LVAC location again. This gym is packed! I always found it funny when people complain about parking far away to get to the gym. Completely ironic, right? Well, maybe they are talking about this one. I was just happy that there was any parking. I was getting discouraged after a while.  Once inside, they have four people running the front desk and checking people in. It made the two on Eastern look like child's play. Thank goodness the attendants were fast. They had the line down in no time.   The gym itself is on the older side. They have multiple areas for cardio and weights. It was nuts seeing all of it. They do have some nice fitness rooms. Three of them to be exact. I came to attend their 7:15 Wednesday yoga class. It is way different than any other yoga I have taken. It is not quite Ashatanga or Vinyasa, but more of a restorative style. I liked it. The instructor had a positive aura that made me appreciate the class. Normally I like to feel like I am dying after a class, but this one made me so relaxed. Once a week, I would recommend coming in to unwind.
5 Check out John Yachamoto's classes! Most engaging and amusing instructor I've EVER met!
5 They have gluten free protein bars now! Horray!
5 When I don't workout on the weekend I not only feel guilty but I start to miss LVAC! (Sigh) I've been thinking about you my dear gym.
5 Mad props go out to LVAC! I love a gym that not only is open 24/7 (even on holidays), but also holds classes during holidays! I was shocked to learn there was a plethora of morning classes being held there! What troopers these trainers are! They cater to their clients needs even on federal holidays! Loved my Memorial Day mid-afternoon cxWORX class! Even more impressive that the class was full! I'm impressed that so many clients decided to suck it up and get their sweat on during their day off!
5 Take the Zumba classes with John Yamamoto! Soooooo fun, so new, you'll love it!! His only class is sadly being held at 4:15 pm on Tuesdays! If this is during your work day, trust me when I say that it is worth calling in sick or going home early with a "stomach ache" just to take his class!
5 I've never been to any other LVAC but I think this is one of the newest locations between this one and the Flamingo/215 location. It's never been extremely packed but at night sometimes it's hard to find parking. Probably because a lot of people go to the gym after work. It's a very nice gym and it's huge. For the ladies that like a little privacy when they're working out, there is a small women's room with their own equipment in there. It's hard to find a sit-up machine that's not taken in there because they only have 3, so everyone's watching them like hawks for when somebody using one gets up lol. I like the track on the second level. It's nice to go up there and cool off with a buddy if you're not ready to leave yet. It's a pretty chill gym for the most part. Not a bunch of people trying to show off or hella 18 year olds lol. I mainly signed up because I wanted to take some classes here but I've yet to. A lot of people have been telling me I should've signed up with Gold's because it's so much cheaper but I'd rather fork over a little more to go to LVAC.
5 Just migrated over from Lifetime Athletic in Summerlin.   Couldn't be happier at LVAC and don't miss the overrated Lifetime and their $150 a month fee.
1 Called to see if they offered a day workout or week trial to try their gym before I make my decision on where I wanted to join. I was told yes we do, its $20 for a day pass and $50 for a week pass. Um okay, so let me get this straight, you want me to pay you $20 to try your gym for the day? Well, thanks LVAC for making things a little easier for me, I can cross you off my list of potential gyms. LA Fitness did the same thing to me years ago and I will NEVER set foot in one of the gyms EVER again......Just saying.
3 I am a few days away from my year anniversary with LVAC. I've visited about half of the locations in town since joining, but this was the one I visited when I became a member, and this is the one I visit most frequently.   As a chubby guy, I was a bit worried about joining such a massive gym. The last place I worked out was a small store-front facility that limited membership. I knew that LVAC would be a much different experience.   Having been to other LVAC locations, I prefer this one because the equipment is in good condition, there are a variety of class options, and the clientele is very mixed. There are all types of people that come to this LVAC. Of the locations I visited, this is the most diverse. As with any place, there are customers who are not respectful of the other patrons, but I've found that happens no matter where you are.   I do not take a lot of the classes that are offered, but I do like that there are a great selection of classes each day of the week. I am a fan of the cycle classes, and most of the instructors are dedicated and good at what they do.   The only reason I would not give LVAC more stars is because they got rid of the best cycle instructor, who also happened to be a great trainer. When I am looking for a teacher, I want someone who will hold me accountable, will hold the class accountable, and will make sure that we are getting a good workout. I also want someone who is going to make sure the class environment is positive and free from distractions. Not every instructor does this...It is unfortunate that they fired someone who created this environment that promoted personal growth and responsibility.
4 This gym is close to my office but I always see their parking lot is always full so I never joined this gym. I finally came here using a free pass from David V and a group of us attended a yoga class.  I came here 30 minutes early in case they want to give me a tour of the gym or try to sell me a membership. They're not pushy like other gyms. So, tour and sales pitch were skipped.  The lovely Yelper, Sylvia Q showed me around as we were getting ready for class. This gym is huuuuge.  They have several classrooms, a track for running, a women's gym, a juice bar and of course, the usual cardio area, weights area, pool, sauna, etc.  I've been a member of 2 different gyms since I moved to Vegas and this is the 2nd cleanest and most organized one in my book.  I've never done yoga in my life and I must say I think I might be hooked now.  We got to the classroom early and we saw the instructor, Marissa spending time to teach  a gym member some poses which I think is cool. Not many class instructors I've encountered would come in early to help out somebody. As the only noob in yoga class, I felt anxious at first not knowing what to expect but nobody made me feel intimidated at all. Some of the poses reminded me of random things I did when I was a kid but there were some that made me sweat like a pig. Marissa is an excellent instructor and her instructions were easy to follow. I left feeling relaxed yet energized.  I'm really tempted to sign up for a membership here for 3 reasons: running track (since treadmills and I don't get along), Marissa, and how close it is to work.  What's holding me back is the distance of this place from home, limited locations and the crazy-busy parking lot. Dilemma!
1 31.00 a month was my first mistake, you get three benefits with 31.00 per month. Getting offered a towel, bringing a guest, etc. To reduce my monthly fee, it costs me an extra 40.00 on top of my monthly payment. In October I spoke with a representative from the billing department, asking to cancel one card and give them another. This did not happen properly, and I was being charged on the card that was suppose to be cancelled. The card that was suppose to be cancelled is not my main source of income so they would try to take money out of there. They tapped the card until they got a payment, and then charged me late fees for October and November. Speaking with a representative to day she informed me that I owed another 41.00 this month, when they already took my monthly due out!!!! When explaining to the representative that I am not happy and not going to be paying this fee anything soon she stated "Well I thought you liked going to the gym and getting exercise"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can go onto Nellis Air Force Base and workout FOR FREE. I will NEVER, be going back to any of the locations.
4 Just joined two weeks ago. Even though this parking lot is ALWAYS FULL once your inside you don't have to wait to get on machines. I love the Zumba and Belly Dancing classes. So much fun! Gym is clean  and ppl are friendly. Glad I joined.
4 I like almost everything about LVAC except that sometime the workers are cleaning the pool area while I'm trying to relax in the jacuzzi. I don't like water splashing around and the smell of the sanitizer.  Note: It was not during the cleaning hours that is posted.
5 great gym...lots of equipments.very clean..just wished they had a steam room, just a dry sauna...
5 I really like this gym, been coming here for about 5 years off & on... It's very clean & when looking at the parking it looks packed but once you go inside it's not bad because it's soo huge inside. They also have a womans area which is really nice when you don't want to be around too many people :)
5 This is a very nice gym with a great variety of state of the art equipment. My favorite section is the 'negative' machine section. I became addicted with just one try. I do my negatives with free weights so this is a definite plus. The cardio equipment deserves an A+; minimizing joint impact and working out a good sweat. Very big gym. It has a juice bar which is great if you are like me and go hit the gym right after work. It also has the 'virtual group' class that you can access at any time. The place looks pretty clean. I'm seriously considering just canceling my 24 hour fitness membership and going to LVAC. The only thing I would miss would be looking at myself in the mirror while lifting. I like to do that to make sure I'm doing things right. The rate is pretty cheap and I get a cheaper deal if I prepay the 26 month term. I might just do that.
2 Gym is ok, they have good classes.  Just beware if you sign up for auto pay they will charge you extra fees which double your membership each month claiming that your bank returned the charge.  (I checked, they didn't)  It's kind of a scam but if you go in and pay its probably better, you get hit with a 3 charge extra a month but then you would probably have a receipt or whatever and they can't scam you.
5 This is probably my favorite LVAC. Like most gyms it does get extremely crowded during certain times, but I think this one and also the Flamingo gym are the largest. I usually go to this particular gym on the weekends so it's not really that busy. But, I have been here at 5:30 on a weekday & boy is it busy!   They have plenty of machines and it's not just 1 of that type of machine, they have a few of each. For example, they have 3 free squat racks and they have at least 5 Smiths machines where as other LVACs have just 1 free squat rack.   I like this gym because half of the upstairs has 2 rows of machines for each body part (legs, shoulders, etc). The other half of the 2nd floor is all abdominal workouts. & than is surrounded by the track.   Ladies room is pretty spacious. & locker room is pretty clean. Good food at the juice bar. It is kinda on the pricey side for the amount of food they give you, so I do suggest to just go out to eat somewhere else for a post-workout meal.
5 i have been to a lot of gyms in my life going on my 3rd year here people are very helpful place is spotless and excellent machines i will keep working out at lvac-rainbow
5 best gym I have ever been a part of.  The place is massive, even at peak hours, you can't even tell the place is packed.  It has it all, great equipment for the most part and offers just about everything you could ask of a gym.  If I ever move back to Vegas, this is the gym I'm going to!
1 I love the gym , clean , great machines is great the reason why im giving them one star the Worst play room staff ever they are rude,  can't file in paper work WITHOUT Losing it an then Give me   Attitude by a unprofessional worker girl please your working so cut the Attitude and do your  job The Right way  yes im upset CALL ME A LIER (Yess)  and that is just unacceptable!! if you can't be nice to Adults you don't belong in a Playroom full of children!!!!!!! THEY NEED TO LEARN  SPEAKING SKILLS BECAUSE ATTITUDE TAKES YOU NOWHERE good when there is EXCESSIVE AMOUNT OF PARENTS YOU NEED TO ATTEND
4 A good price for an abundance of equipment.  Las Vegas Athletic Center (LVAC) is conveniently located off the Highway 95 (Rainbow and Lake Mead) and serves the folks of NW Las Vegas. With an abundance of lifting, cardio equipment to include a second floor indoor track that surrounds the entire complex, LVAC offers much of what you can expect from any ordinary grungy gym and them some.  The first floor houses a cardio section with treadmills, elliptical machines, stair climbers and then some, a lifting section with all you can lift machines and free weights, a juice bar (for all your pre and post workout needs and meals) and friendly staff to accommodate you. Zumba and other classes can be hosted in the various rooms and are available with all memberships. Stashed away in the corner of the gym is a pair of racquet ball courts available for premier members.  The second floor is home to yet another gaggle of cardio machines, cabled machines and your track. Spin and RPM classes are located on the second floor and are also available with all members.  Locker rooms, showers and a full size pool, jacuzzi, steam room and sauna makes for a great way to cool down and detox. Members must bring their own locks and are not allowed to keep lockers locked overnight.  Playroom and child care available.  Beware though: when obtaining a membership, be sure to understand the deal with cancelation as you are locked in to a contract with a cancelation fee when you sign up (unless you can prove the club was in breech of contract). Failure to pay your gym dues may affect your credit.  Four stars for convenience but they can do without the contracts. If they did like 24 Hour Fitness (and charged a first and last month at sign up) I'm sure they'd still make bank with the number of members they have. I doubt they'd be opening another location in North Vegas if they had member problems.
4 Okay, so I've only been coming to LVAC for about 3 months now since the start of mine and my boyfriend's "exercise regime". I used to go to Gold's gym and it was good however that is for a different review. This one is on the LVAC at Lake Mead and Rainbow.  For $23/month basic membership, life's pretty good at LVAC. They are open 24/7 365 days a year and it's great when's work and school schedule are hectic and I can't workout until 2am or 9pm. It's relatively clean. People complain about parking all the time but the point of a gym is to exercise, isn't it? I've always been able to find parking and there is definitely ample space.  Sometimes on the weekends, you do have to wait for a machine, especially if your leg day is everyone else's leg day. But there are lots more machines you can use to pass the time before the one you need opens up.  There are 3 group exercise rooms, a cardio space upstairs and downstairs with TVs everywhere, decent music playing, an indoor track with a timer and a view, clean showers and locker rooms (in the women's section anyway), and a women-only weight room if you're concerned about ogling eyes. There's also a stretch area upstairs.   The juice bar is my absolute favorite. In case I forget my pre, I can always just buy a shot of N.O. Xplode or get a tuna sandwich as a snack when I go straight to work after the gym some days. The only thing I don't like is the wait sometimes for something even little like a banana or a water bottle. Eh more business for them I suppose.   There are also some perks that were very appealing like 15% off at Ohjah steakhouse and discounts at yogurt land. There are also a myriad of health-related businesses located close to LVAC locations, I've noticed which makes it convenient and easier to stay of the healthy path. So far, I love LVAC. Love it, love it, love it. Will be starting a new training program soon so I'll be spending more time here.   They also have personal trainers and coaches, which I believe are different since coaches are apparently free while trainers are not. But I've never tried them so meh!
5 If I ever become homeless (I hope I don't. But I wouldn't care much of it if it were to happen. But I'm not hoping for it to happen. Anyways), I'd continue my membership at LVAC and I'll be a clean, buff homeless girl.   Open 24 hours with saunas, pools, toilets, changing rooms, and shower rooms with soap and lotion, lotion! Personal hygiene would be covered.  I'd also be covered from the horrid weather in Vegas. And be comfortable because they have a lounge area-ish. It consists of cushioned chairs with tables in front of the snack area. There are also sofas around the gym, so not just chairs.  Latest televisions shows like Keeping up with the Karadashians and Doctor Who are on tv. I'd never be out of date with the music of the generation either because the latest songs on the radio are playing constantly. Entertainment, covered.  Fitness, obvi covered.  I can also probably get away with sleeping there too.   All am saying is, 20 something dollars a month is worth it and manageable even for a homeless person. That's how I look at it optimistically. It's worth it, guys.
