1 Up until just recently I had a really good experience with this group of doctors.  I absolutely LOVE my OB (Dr. Laura *Baum* Richardson).  I thought she was fantastic throughout the course of my pregnancy and after.  I still think she is the best doctor in the entire group and highly recommend her.  BUT, this review isn't about the doctor.  This review is about the AWFUL billing department at Goodman & Partridge.  Following the delivery of my daughter I decided to have an IUD put in.  The secretaries at G&P scheduled me to have it done by a PA (Physician's Assistant) not by my doctor.  I even tried calling in to switch the appointment to be with my doctor and they would not let me, claiming the PA had more experience.  That was a big red flag.  I had to go in THREE separate times before they were able to finally get the IUD inserted.  The first time I was sent away for as a precaution because they wanted to make sure I wasn't pregnant again.  The second time they were having trouble inserting it and "didn't want to hurt me" and the third time I got a different PA who finally got it in.  On top of that they billed my insurance TWICE for the IUD (which alone runs about $700), and billed me twice for a co-pay.  When I called in to speak with the billing department about having to pay my co-pay twice they claimed that the reason I was billed twice was because it was no one's fault, that my body wasn't ready.  So I got the privilege of not only wasting three days, having to find babysitters for my kids each time, and being turned away twice from the doctor's office, I got to pay DOUBLE my co-pay because it was "no one's fault".  The billing department also claimed that the PA is highly trained and skilled in inserting IUD's which is also false since the one who tried to insert it on my 2nd visit was doing her first one.  If you go to Goodman & Partridge, go for Dr. Laura (Baum) Richardson and don't let them schedule you with anyone else, especially a PA!  If Dr. Richardson ever leaves G&P I am going with her.
3 Upon walking into the office you will be immediately impressed by the great movie/cinema décor and ambiance. All the staff is very friendly and scheduling an appointment is very easy. The actual exam room I was in was immaculately clean and comfy. The nurse that took my information was a complete doll. The doctor was not as bubbly as the rest (what doctor is?) but she was pleasant and professional I wish she was a little more forth coming with information as I had to keep probing her to get information. The response time for test results are slow as well, expect about 2 weeks before hearing anything back.
4 Always friendly and no huge issues. I've always gone to this location because I didn't know about the Dobson location at first. I will be switching to that one though when we get insurance again, only due to convenience.
5 I love this office and the doctors and staff, Dr Goozman is AMAZING, very knowledgeable, yet very compassionate! I have been going to Dr's G.+P  for 14yrs and have been very happy! They even offer a complimentary massages, while you are waiting for your appointment!
1 I will never go back to this office.  To start I had to wait over an hour because they wrote my appt time down wrong on their  daily schedule then another 30 minutes in the room.  I was asked about my history and if I had any concerns.  After a very quick exam I asked for a refills on the birth control I had been taking.  They said they would submit the refill and contact me when my results came in.  I just received a bill from them for the balance that insurance did not cover for $108.27.  They billed insurance $574 for a standard checkup and $338 to call in my prescription refill.  I called the office to discuss charging $338 for refilling a current prescription and I was told that was standard procedure.  I believe people should get paid for their time but that is ridiculous and you should be told ahead of time about additional charges like that.
2 This office is very professional and efficient.  I have been going a few months now, and appointments so far have always been on time.  Very clean, very top-of-the-line office (love the 4d ultrasounds!).  The only reason I don't give them a higher score is that they are not very personable--I definitely feel like just a number here.  This is my first baby and I would have expected more guidance, but they just handed me a piece of paper with a general list of dos and don't of pregnancy and then asked if I had any questions--I've never done this before, I don't even know what to ask!  So, kind of disappointed.  I'm updating this review since I last wrote it because I feel like I need to share this information.  My baby ended up being born at 35 weeks and 1 day, (roughly 5 weeks early), and I was in the office the DAY BEFORE she was born and told them I felt decreased fetal movement, and WHILE IN THE OFFICE I experienced a good amount of bleeding, which they brushed off as nothing to worry about without even checking (it was July 3rd and I had the distinct impression that everyone just wanted to hurry and get done and leave).  I don't know that there is anything that could have been done to prevent premature labor, but I really feel it was negligent to not even check when I voiced those particular complaints.  And any first time moms out there--if it seems weird, insist on being checked, even if you feel like you're inconveniencing the doctor.
2 Overall experience was just ok, not great. Whoever is answering calls for patients medical questions needs to be more alert. I believe her name was Vicky and she sounded as if she just woke up. She lacked energy and didn't seem to care or listen to what I was saying. I had to repeat several times to make things clear.  Another problem I had was to get your test result, you have to make an appointment. They would not mail or call you with test results like other offices do. They expect you to come in and pay your co-pay and then have you wait to see your doctor for short few minute visit.  I thought that was ridiculous! Only time the doc should have patients come in is if your test result came out positive or have any concerns. Don't appreciate doctors that waste patients time and money.
1 My wife used to go here, had 4 appointments.   3 of them had a mix up in scheduling and either had to reset appointment or wait.   Another appointment was to get blood work, set her up for that on the day the phlebotomist is not there.  No worries, can come in next morning for blood work at 8AM, then phlebotomist no-shows.   This place is a 3 ring circus.
1 bad place to going Dr Goodman is not a good OBGYN!!
1 Find another doctor! Goodman & Partridge has caused me and my wife so much stress since the news of our pregnancy that just ended in miscarriage!  You'll be treated like a number here!  They charged us for an office visit to get lab results instead of letting us call the 800 number for our results and if you ask any question while you're having your well women exam that's 100% covered by insurance, even just chatting with the doctor about your skin you will be charged for a dermatologist apt as well.  We were sent to an out of network lab for over $1000.00 out of pocket then harassed by Accountant Armando (when strictly advised to speak to the husband for billing and errors) elevating my wife's stress levels through the roof sending her to the ER! Result in miscarriage.  The worst prenatal care!
1 Terrible office!! Do not waste your time here when there are so many other doctors in this area.  They will not give you your own test results over the phone. They expect patients to come in and pay a co-pay just to hear them.  Being new to the area I decided to try them out despite several poor reviews.  Needless to say I will not be returning to this office again.
5 I've never n my life had better medical care.  I feel like it's half medical office, half day spa.  On the very first visit, they caught my pcos which had gone undiagnosed my entire life.  They did an ultrasound that very day in the same office, and put me on a birth control that addressed all of my symptoms.  Symptoms I'd been dealing with for years.  I couldn't even believe it.  The offices are immaculate, and the wait times are almost nonexistent.  As a plus, if they don't book you for a same day appointment, they give you a voucher for a free massage.  If you refer anyone to them, they also give you a massage voucher.  They're both gracious and professional.  I have always felt like I was well cared for here, and would recommend them to absolutely anyone.  My employer switched insurance, so I was just devastated when I realized they were out of network (Thanks a bundle Aetna!)  But hopefully others can take advantage of the superior service offered here.
1 DO NOT GO TO THESE CROOKS! Totally wishing I could give zero stars to this money hungry business. They do not care about their patients, only the almighty dollar.  Long story short, they demanded my full insurance deductible amount paid to them by the halfway point of my pregnancy or else they would refuse to see me. They didn't care when I explained to them that when the time came for me to pay them after the delivery of my baby, I would not have a complete deductible amount due. I would have paid some of my deductible off elsewhere, like for the facility charges. But, like a fool, I gave them a chunk of my savings account -- out of fear they'd dump me like a bad habit and I'd have to find a new OB in my third trimester (ugh). Anyhow, they screwed up the billing to my insurance. Of course. To this day (three years later), the claim has not been approved by my insurance, because of the faults of Goodman & Partridge's incompetent billers. I was able to convince one of the billers to reimburse a portion of my cash (yay!), but what they kept from me is only a guess (a generous guess, at that) of what I would have owed them had they appropriately billed my claim. Grrrr. (Again, this was the very abridged version. I was on the phone with my insurance company and the Goodman & Partridge Billing office on a regular basis for almost 18 months. Enough is enough; losses cut.)  While I'm at it...the front desk staff is unprofessional, rude, and just plain snobby. (Sure, I'll stand there and wait 5 minutes to schedule my next appointment so you three girls can finish giggling amongst yourselves and send that text out on your iPhone.) The medical assistants and doctors treat expectant moms like a number and the majority of my visits were rushed. The wait times were pretty crappy sometimes -- 40 minutes is a bit much.  The office is decorated very nicely with movie themes and is meticulous (ok, maybe that's where they can earn the one star I gave them). It's too bad that same level of attention is not applied to their patients.   And stop trying to bribe customers with free massages.  That blurb that they have printed on their receipts?  Something along the lines of "if you like us, tell a friend; if you don't, tell us"...? Well, I told you, my friends, and the yelp community - I Don't Like You, Goodman & Partridge!
1 I started seeing goodman and partridge a couple years back. I remember it being very comfortable and the staff was very nice. Now this time i had to see them again due to ovarian cysts. I had my results and films from my ultrasound and went to give it to them and they stated they didnt really need it. i found it odd because how would they know how to treat me? The PA assistant stated that since i have no history with them that i had to wait awhile to see what was going on. I had to schedule out another ultrasound a month in advance. The day before my scheduled ultrasound i was contacted stating the doctor was oncall and had to change my appt. Well that night i had experienced the worst internal stomach pain. I knew my cysts were popping or something serious was going on. So when i went to my appt she did my ultrasound in 2 minutes and then i saw the dr who couldnt really understand me ( language barrier) and i had my boyfriend with me because i wasnt really cohereint due to my episode the night before. They just kept saying it was because i was backed up, but i know that wasnt the case. I wasnt told about my cysts she just said it looks like there was never anything there. Im just upset because im still having the pain . So i scheduled for a gasterologist hoping they will find whats wrong. This place is misleading and i will be finding another obgyn.   **update: i had called back this afternoon to ask for my results because i wasnt convinced. i could feel something is wrong with me. I was then told i have pelvic inflammatory disease, and she hung up. I then googled it and freaked myself out so i called right back and all of the sudden they were closed. So i had to call after hours nurse who i was told would have access to my chart. She didnt and did however educate me. She said it is caused by an STD,douching, or a uid. I know for a fact i have never had a uid,iv never douched, so she said it must be an std. Iv had the same sex partner ( my boyfriend) for 7 months. Nobody could tell me anything. So in a final attempt it was 7 pm ( there open til 8pm ) i called the front desk and asked if they had access to my chart. They did but unfortunatley nobody there has a medical background and cant read it. All i wanted to know was if in fact my culture had anything on it. She was noting and typing in the notes everything i had told her because apparently everyone else i talked to didnt note i called. I will never be going back to this office and will demand my results in the morning . BEWARE DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION!!
