5 There is something special about doing business with a locally owned company that really cares.  Community Tire will go to the ends of the earth for their customers.  I have had stellar service at two of their locations.
5 REDEMPTION! So after my dissappointing recent history with the 32nd street location,I decided to try this location before saying goodbye to Community Tire all together. So I make an appointment yesterday for an oil change.I go this afternoon.My appointment's at 3:30,but I got there about 15 minutes early.They have my car on the lift at about 3:20! All done before 4 pm!!! So the service advisor (Witness is his name)lets me know my car's ready. So....now that other shoe...the one that's dangling from the cliff waiting to drop.... I do the walk of doom to the counter. It felt like slow motion.... What's it going to be this time for my less than 2 year old vehicle? Shocks? Transmission? Bo weevel infestation? Breadmold? "Okay,here ya go."... Here ya go?Go where? In my car? With just an oil change???? there's no ticking money bomb???? No leaky check book valve??? The credit lines aren't dangerously frayed??? Witness informed me the car looked fine. Well,it kind of should with it's new brakes and fluids before 50,00 miles...lol I must have looked shocked. I felt the need to tell him I was very pleasantly surprised that the upsell mentality had not made it over to this location. I know times are tough,I know people are watching their pennies closer than before and I understand smaller businesses need to up their bottom line if they want to stay in business,especially if less people are in the position to own and maintain a motor vehicle,not to mention the possibility of fewer commercial accounts in these uncertain times,so I was reluctant to write a negative review of a company where I have met the owner and hold him in high regard. Than you Witness for single handedly restoring my faith and making me feel comfortable again with a company I didn't  want to stop patronizing. See you in about 3000 miles!
5 I hate tire shopping. Like most things car repair/maintenance related, it's pretty much an invitation to be violated.  But unfortunately, tires wear down, and we aren't at a place technologically where steel-belted radials can regenerate on their own.  A neighbor recommended Community Tire, and some research on Yelp confirmed their solid reputation in an industry that's otherwise inhabited by snakes.   Eric, the manager at Community Tire's University/40th Street location was really friendly on the phone. He quoted me a price I could live with and guaranteed me that they could turn the job around in an hour.  Not only did I pay *exactly* what Eric quoted me (no hidden rubber taxes), but not once did anyone at Community Tire try to upsell me on the tires or services. They checked my brakes and alignment for nothing, and had me back on the road in like 40 minutes. Pretty amazing service from start to finish and a refreshing alternative to the Big Name shops.   One more side note: Their lounge is really nice. Clean and comfortable with a flat screen and current magazines like Sports Illustrated and People, plus a popcorn machine, water dispenser, and coffee.
5 I received a free oil change coupon as a birthday mailer promo.  My initial thought was great, I'm sure they are going to come up with some BS charges and I will stay pay $20 for the oil change.  Thankfully I was wrong.    My appointment started on time and I was treated very well by Witness who has been working there for 15 years.  The waiting area is nice and Witness made me a fresh pot of coffee and we talked for a little while.   About 45 minutes my oil change and tire rotation was done.  He mentioned to me that  my wiper blade was worn and my K&N filter was dirty but he knew that I am the type of customer who would take care of it myself.  What really  surprised me is that my bill actually came to $0!  No tax, no shop fee, no disposal, nothing.  I asked for a belt repair quote on my gf's car and Witness called me back with a very fair quote within an hour just like he said he would.  A couple of days later a thank you card came in the mail.  Unbelievable!    It is difficult to find a honest repair shop and if you are able to find one I recommend sticking with them.  Community Tire Pros has earned my respect and I am happy to recommend them.
5 I use Community Tire for our business vehicles. We're in the service industry and it's critical we get our vehicles out of a service station quickly so they can get back on the road. Community has always been great in this regard and the service managers aren't pushy.
5 Wow.  That's really all I can say about my experience here.  Finding a mechanic where you know you are not being taken advantage of is an amazing thing.  Community Tire Pros fixed my vehicle for a fair price, did not try to upsell me things I know I do not need, and did not pressure me at all on things that need to be fixed, but not necessarily right away.  I highly highly recommend this place.
5 I walked in the front door and was immediately greeted. I took a seat only to realize that I needed to use the bathroom in one of the best auto place bathrooms I've ever seen. To make a long story short, the customer service was phenomenal, the workmanship was exceptional, and the pricing was un-beatable. I was comfortable. I shopped around for gasket repair and Community Tire & Auto Pros did the best by me! They went above and beyond the call of duty.
5 I learned about Community Tire Pros from attending a Local First Arizona event. When the time came for me to purchase tires I made the decision to check it out. I always try to support local business first. The manager, John Culbert was knowledgeable and professional and the experience met and exceeded my expectations. The customer service AND prices can't be beat!  I will be a repeat customer with all my vehicles.
5 I've been a customer with Community Auto for about 6 years now, and I highly recommend them.  They're friendly, fast, efficient - and most importantly - they're completely honest; they really seems to care about their reputation and making their customers happy.
5 I had a tire blow out on the i10. I pulled off and stopped at the nearest QT. A tire specialist came out quickly (even after I mistakenly gave him wrong directions). He was quick, friendly and knowledgable and even added air to all my other tires!
