4 Funny how progress sometimes catches you off guard!  My local Fry's is going through a revamp and now I have no idea where anything is. It's just momentary inconvenience- I will find my bearings again and appreciate the improvements!
4 The store recently got upgraded which is nice.  They have good selection, nothing to exotic but more then their local competitor.  At first I was against self checkout but now I like it.  Regular lines are usually slow, I don't like to chit chat and no one sees what I'm buying and I can be in and out in no time.  They also have a chase bank in their which I've used on a few instances.  All in all not bad.  I wish they would carry more organic stuff.
5 I just went into this store yesterday with my girlfriend to do some shopping for a party that we were invited to and both her and I were blown away by the selection of foods and other items here in comparison to other supermarkets (especially the Safeway at 83rd Ave. and Cactus) and the Walmart (79th Ave and Peoria).  The bakery had every variety of pie and cookie you would ever want, they have a very large beer / wine / liquor selection, they carry all sorts of pre-made items like freshly baked buttermilk buscuits, and the list goes on and on.  They have a nice floral department and all kinds of prepared foods in the deli selection.  There just seems to be more stuff everywhere.  It also appears to have been renovated recently so the store is nice and clean.
5 Always the best in prices and customer service. .
4 This location is well kept. The isles are nice and clean which makes it easy to find what you need. Wide alcohol selection also which is a plus in my book.
4 The people here are really nice.  We like coming here.  I wish they had a better "health" section.  It's pretty small.
5 The 51st and Olive location is actually closer to my house, but I make it a point to go to this one instead. The store is really clean and the employees that I have encountered are very friendly. I enjoy the fact that they have self checkouts, because I'm really particular about how my groceries get bagged, and I hate having to make small talk with strangers.   My only gripe is those damn displays in the aisles. I've not only nearly knocked some of them over (which is probably my fault) whenever you encounter one of those people who are fully engrossed in the epic decision of what kind of pasta sauce to get that like to just leave their cart in the middle of the aisle, with these random displays all over you lose like three feet of aisle space and there's no way to get around this person and you have to stand there going EXCUSE ME for like five minutes until you bring them back to planet earth. And filling them with glass jars? Come on, guys. You're just waiting for it.
