5 My chow requires monthly grooming during the summer so I take him here.  The staff is super friendly to both my dog (Ewok is his name) and to myself.  He's a friendly dog but not exactly voluntary when it comes to groomers.  But since I've been taking him here he's been well behaved and happy to go which is important in my opinion.  The price is very reasonable and I can always get an appointment when i need it.  As far as the rest of the store is concerned, I wouldn't know.  I buy dog food from Costco.  But it looks like there are a lot of selections for every type of pet you could need.  They do run classes here for pet training on weekends, but other than that, I have no other info for you.  Good place for grooming though.
5 Evil Place!!!  That's right.. I walked in there and I couldnt believe it.  The people were nice to me, asking me if I needed help and by the end of the day, i had a new kitten!  All joking aisde, I love this place.  I know you can buy food and other things cheaper at grocery stores, but I kinda like a specialty store like Petsmart.  The staff is great and anything you need they are more than willing to help out.  To this day I have purchased two cats here and both are still awesome and amazing.  The last kitten my girlfriend actually picked up and when I went in there to pick up some food, they remembered which kitten we got.  Apparently she was among the favorites that was adopted.    You want good service and a great place for your pets.. Petsmart is the best!
4 Friendly staff.  Great selection.  I've already got two cats but I can't help checking out the cats up for adoption.  I always pray they find great forever homes and can't help but leave with a tear that I can't take them all.  But I'm not ready to be the cat lady just yet and was told if I have more than two cats I'm undateable.  I always give extra money for their pet adoption/care thing.  Makes me feel better.
5 I signed my dog up for classes and then had to cancel. (This was before he started.)  They were amazing about giving me a refund.  They are super nice and very helpful.  I bought some products for my boy Milo there and I couldn't have asked for better service.  When I checked out they asked me if I wanted to donate to the homeless animals...(Of course I did.)  The man then told me how they supported animals.  I  looked up shops who sell animals from cruel animal breeders  (Animal Kingdom, Puppies In Love, Desert  Pets, Pratts Pets and Feed, and the Puppy Place) and Petsmart is NOT one of them.  So thankful for that.  They actually have pet adoptions at this location.  I loved it...they are compassionate and wonderful.  I recommend highly.
5 This place is amazing! The owner was incredibly knowledgeable and helpful! She has definitely done her research and is passionate about pets. Even if I ended up paying a couple extra dollars rather than ordering online, I am happy to support this local business and hope it thrives.
3 Great selection of stuff but the staff isn't that helpful and everything is really expensive.
