1 had them through my home warranty and they charged me 500 for a fan motor on my AC...way over priced but I was desperate and wanted it fixed. the new fan still didnt fix problem so it was a pretty big rip off. Would not recommend.
1 Steer clear of this company at all costs! This company was dispatched to do a pool repair on a rental property.  My pool service told me that the repair looked severely inadequate and sure enough 64 days later the repair failed.   I thought that they might stand by their work even though it was 4 days out of warranty but they did not.  My mistake for not listening to my pool service but their unwillingness to even come out and take a look at what was wrong now without me paying a trip charge is horrible customer service as far as I am concerned.
4 I think they are fantastic. I have had for at least 12 years. They have replaced or fixed the air conditioners, hot water heaters, appliances, garbage disposal, pool filter, and a lot more. Read the contract.
1 This company has been used twice for repairs through my Home Warranty company.  The first time the technician needed to get more parts for my repair.  He was scheduled to return the next day.  I left work to meet him there and he never showed up.  When I was finally able to reach the office they said their technician was unable to come to work that day and they couldn't reach him.  Finally I talked them into sending somebody else the following day.  He showed up but couldn't do the repaid because the first technician had MY parts on his truck (and still couldn't be reach).  What a DISASTER!    The 2nd time, and what I'm currently dealing with, the techincian came out and did the repair as scheduled.  One week later I have the exact same problem.  I called and called but got no call back so had to call the Home Warranty company just to get a call back.  Finally they called and said they couldn't come until Friday.  (it's Tuesday).  My pool will be green by Friday.  This is absolutely the worst customer service I've ever experienced.  If I did a job, and the job failed, I certainly would NOT make the customer (who is likely already unhappy) wait a week before I meander over to take a look at whatever I apparently messed up.  I would bend over backwards to fix my mistake in hopes of keeping the client as happy as possible.
