4 This review is only for the deserts.  We came here after eating down the street at Dos amigos (very good).  I ordered the creampie shake and loved it. You gotta try em
5 Pretty fast service, and this is the only sonic I've ever found that has an indoor lobby you can eat in. The staff is friendly and my orders are always delivered correctly, a big ++ for me !!
1 Went to have a late lunch at this location. Ordered a Cheese Coney combo with a 44 oz diet coke. The staff was friendly, but the hot dog was over cooked. I didn't realize it was over cooked until I got home and took my first bite. Ended up going back to the restaurant to raise the issue. They offered to replace the Coney or refund my money for just the Coney since I didn't bring my soda and tots back. I will not be back at this location. Hot Dogs should not be served if they have been sitting on the burner long enough to burn.
2 Not a fan of the phone you have to pick up to order your food. Had to go wash my hands before the food came out. Dog was OK. Milkshake was average.
3 Cheeseburger was the worst one I have ever had from sonic. It was flat, bun was soggy, didn't have any condiments on the burger.  May never go back.
4 Nice clean fast food restaurant with great service. I visit this sonic frequently because it's so close to work. The food is on par with other sonic locations but the service is way better than others. The food is always hot and fresh and the wait time for take out is only minutes. There's a cool car garage theme inside that's aesthetically pleasing for kids and adults.  The drive thru can be slow at times, so I would suggest ordering inside and taking it to go. I also like how you can pay right at the ordering station, so when the food comes out you are ready to go.   The limades are awesome and come in all kinds of flavors. This is a great treat on a hot summer day. Also, check out the happy hour specials from 2PM to 4PM everyday.  I would highly suggest stopping into this Sonic if you are ever in the area.
