1 After using Sonoran Home Protection for several years, the Management under Javier Mendez has ruined this company.  I have had a continuing problem with my kitchen refrigerator, and after sending a string of repairmen, some qualified ( Sears) some not at all (Smiths appliance repair), it is still not fixed.    After so many repairs per the contract, they are supposed to call it a loss and replace the product up to what SHP says is the replacement value (Mr Mendez never told me what that value was even after 9 repairs).   In my case they did not want to pay for a replacement, so they just changed the designation of my Jennair built in and said it was a heavy duty commercial appliance, and therefore not covered under the contract.  They went on to tell me that I should be thankful that they even paid for 1 repair.  I called Jennair, and they told me that in fact, my model was not a heavy-duty or commercial model.    All attempts to relay this to Mr Mendez, and his assistant Felicia Powers, were ignored.  All attempts to find out what limits there would be on my other appliances were simply ignored.  Sonoran Home Protection is a terrible company.  Customer service is rude, and they will try to weasel out of every part of their contract.  I think their motto is "Deny, deny and deny the claim until the customer is worn out."  Do not waste your time with this crooked company.  They are also known as "American Home Guardian"
1 I hate this company, and as a realtor I have seen alot of warranty companies.  If it were possible to give "0" stars I would.  This company will first try to deny your claim, and if you challenge them over coverage, then they try to send out their in-house repair company (Sonoran Home Repair) that knows diddly-squat about air conditioner repair and plumbing.  I've had to bring in my own repair company after the warranty to fix what they didn't fix in the first place.  I am never going to use this company again, nor will I recommend them to any of my clients.    If you are thinking about using this company -- don't.  Save yourself money and a lot of aggravation.  Go elsewhere.
1 Yelp won't allow me to give negative stars. My advice is to run and run fast!!! This company has been in business so long because they profit by taking peoples hard earned money and cover absolutely nothing. After moving into my newly purchased home I started having pool pump issues. I had Sonoran home protection send out what I believed to be a qualified technician( right)! He literally stared at my pool for five minutes, removing his sunglasses and giving it a puzzled look.  He walked around the pool again starring at it with another confused look. No joke this "technician" was actually having a starring competition with my pool! Well the pool won and he left within 15 minutes from arrival.  He told me he "believed"it was the brand new Hayward vacuum I had recently purchased. I had to literally ask the guy to test something to make it look like he knew what the problem was. Before he could leave my driveway I was on the phone with the management. I asked them if it sounded logical to charge someone 50 dollars per 15 mins of work just to take random guesses at home repair problems? Someone call the cops because I just got robbed. 50 dollars for 15 mins. Sign me up ill drive door to door randomly guessing what problems each households may have. Mobile repair psychic!!!! " "We guess what your problems are , take your money, and don't cover squat" - SHP motto.  I contacted a local pool business, having no luck with Sonoran and they sent two technicians that were able to diagnose the pool pump issue in less than half hour. I explained the situation with Sonoran and they said their boss won't work with them because the warranty company told them to LIE to the customers or tell them it was a part that wasn't covered. Exactly what I had already experienced. No charge was given because they felt bad for my prior pool psychic incident. After multiple calls to Sonoran to let them know, like they cared, I had discovered it was a part that they'd have to cover.  A new manager said they'd send out a different technician more qualified in the pool field.  Almost two weeks later the doorbell rings and what do you know....same guy, the pool psychic! Round two!!! I literally slammed the door and began to laugh. The Guy must have heard me because he actually went to his truck to get some tools to do a diagnostic check. This time he told me my motor was bad and gave me a quote of two thousand dollars to replace everything himself. This man would screw up picking up dog $&@&!  As soon as I told him the motor was under warranty he then quoted me a 300 dollar motor pay out as I told him there was no way I was letting his company do an installation. But thanks!  This company is good at lying and cheating people out of money. I'll give them that, keep up the good work warranty thieves!!
