3 The store is like any other Fry's store.  The employees are SUPER nice at this store.  But the shoppers tend to be very rude and inconsiderate.  I normally find everything I need at this store and go on off hours so it is not so busy.
4 I do a good amount of shopping here, and find it easy and fast. They usually have everything I am looking for and I am in and out.  The staff is super helpful and nice.  Manager Jose is great, always eager to help customers and staff if they need it.  He is also pretty funny, and makes shopping interesting.
5 This store in my eyes is the Ralph's that I am used to in California. This is your one stop shop for a good amount of your daily needs. There is a gas station, pharmacy, bank, red box, bakery, florist, butcher all in this one location and the prices are amazing. The lines here are short which is a relief coming from California's line ridden grocery stores. There are four self check out registers and at least six assisted check out lines. Customer service is key at this location with a greeter at the front door and employees walking around trying to assist you in any way possible.
2 I was a couponer for awhile and Frys was definitely my store of choice to get the best deals. However, that doesn't make up for the experiences I had at this store.   I was harrassed in the parking lot twice by young men who were loitering. One of these incidents spooked me enough that my husband started doing the shopping  if it got too late in the evening.   Even worse was the customer service. Over the numerous times I shopped there, I was never asked if I needed help. NEVER. The cashiers rarely even looked up at you while checking you out and most of them were carrying on personal (sometimes inappropriate) conversations with each other over the customers' heads. On several occasions, I experienced managers saying inappropriate things and outright ignoring employees and customers alike. Nice example, folks!  Needless to say, I actually decided I'd rather pay more at a competing grocery store than keep going to this location. Thankfully, I've moved out of the area now and our new neighborhood Fry's is a vast improvement.
3 customer service has gone down over the last few years
1 Was waiting at the deli watching 8 PEOPLE  talking and preparing-food while I waited for over 5 minutes with no one else in line. This has now happened multiple times.  Very poor customer service. Plus all I see the management team doing on the floor is looking at their personal cell phones. Bad example of good business practices, they should be ashamed.....
3 best time to buy gas is late at night that is if your not scared of the dark  If it is over 105f better bring a cooler and buy some ice if you want to buy ice cream and expect to get it home  It seems that management here are becoming more and more relaxed on the standards of the way things are done. Customer service a year ago was higher than they are now, but that's almost any place you go now days
3 Friendly staff at the check out.  I only gave them a 3 because I came in on a weekend day and they really didn't have a selection of small cakes...everything in the display case was big or huge...I just wanted something for a small group of boys.  It took me about 15 minutes to find an appropriate card also...which I didn't think was going to be so hard.  The fruit selection was nice...and since it was close to a American Sports Center, they had a nice selection of beverages, though.  The parking lot was crowded which seemed a bit strange...not used to circling around to find a spot...
