4 Look this is a pretty good parlor. They have some talented artists and you can actually show up here without an appointment and stand a pretty good chance at getting a tattoo that day for a $100 per hour. The only complaint I have is that I had to set an appointment to come back and the artist spaced it, so I had to reschedule. Other than that this place is legit. Are there better tattoo shops? Probably but you'll have to pay more and wait longer.
5 I went to Jason when he used to own the shop across the street. My very colorful tattoo is now 8 years old but still looks new and very vibrant. He's not the best artist in the world but he's good and even better tattoo artist.   My husband actually got a few tattoos from Jason as well, all colorful, and it's still vibrant. Some tattoo artists have no idea what they're doing and your tattoo can fade after a year or even less. Jason touched up the husband's tattoo that was done not quite right by a shop in Scottsdale for free.  My friend was visiting from AL earlier this year so of course I took her to Jason. The only day she was available was one of his days off so we had Brandon tattoo her. She changed her mind couple of times of what to get but he didn't mind at all. She's very happy with her tattoo and it still looks fantastic as of couple of weeks ago.  I'm not sure if there's a room in the back or not if you have to undress for a tattoo but in the front is a little waiting room where you can browse through their portfolios and through the door is a big room with 3 chairs for your tattooing pleasure. It was very clean and kept up to date. They let me stick around in an empty chair while my friend was getting hers done and Brian actually kept me company. He even offered to hold my very pink purse while I got a tattoo haha.   They only take cash so be sure to have yours ready (don't forget to tip!). All 3 has great portfolios so be sure to stop in and take a look.
5 My husband and I have been looking for a local artist and I came across drastic changes.  I introduced my hubby to brandon and he did an amazing piece on his inner arm.  He is talented, knowledgeable and professional.  Its the best work on his body.  While I was waiting I decided to get an old, ugly rose covered up.  Brian did so with a gorgeous, detailed rose.  I'm amazed that I can't see the original one under it!  Its not much bigger than the original either.. which due to placement is neccessary for my job.  Highly impressed with both artists and the shop in general.
5 My big brother got his first tattoo done by Brandon at Bloodthirsty and so when I turned 18, that is where he took me to get my first tattoo. I followed Brandon to Drastic Changes and have been coming back to him every year since (four years now). I have only seen one other tattoo artist in the past, but I honestly regret it and wish I had just stuck with Brandon.  Recently he moved to Colorado, but before he left we were starting up my half sleeve which I am SO STOKED FOR! He is the only guy I will let tattoo me from now on, so I will patiently wait until he is able to fly back out here. I'm not sure if it is difficult to tattoo dark skin, but I feel like the one time I strayed from Brandon, my tattoo ended up looking pretty heavy-handed. I can still feel my skin raised where this other guy tattooed me. I do not have this problem when Brandon tattoos me though. I know I can be prepared for something beautiful when he is finished, and it always heals very nicely.     Drastic changes is a clean and professional environment. I do not feel like I am being ripped off for what I am quoted, and I know Brandon is going to do his best every time. I'm really happy to have been introduced to this place.
5 My wife and I walked in there with our 5 year old daughter to get my fathers day present. Three little Apples on my wrist in Honor of my daughter. They were able to get to us immediately. Jay was a true professional, took the design and made slight adjustments to both my wife's and my own design so they wouldn't be identical. They even put my little Pony on the TV in the shop for my daughter to watch while we were getting our ink done. So happy we drove in and met the guys. Excellent shop and I am already ramping up for a much larger full sleeve. Can't wait to work with Jay again to see what he has in mind!
5 I spent about 2 days using yelp to get honest reviews on local tattoo shops, i had 3 days off coming up and wanted to get some ink. I have quite a large phoenix on my arm, that needless to say needed a TON of love. I fell for the cheap price of the traveling tattoo artist, and had this horribly large tattoo that i was ashamed of. Right away the name of this shop won me over, because it was exactly what i needed. Being open on a sunday and only accepting cash i knew id get in, so i headed over. I met with JAY, not jason or brandon but someone with just as much talent IMO. Jay instantly put me at ease and said it just needs a little love, which was exactly what i was thinking. We spent two hours sorting out the structure of the tat, jay changed the actual anatomical structure of my tattoo so the phoenix flew straight, Finally! My tat still needs allot of "drastic changes", but jay knocked out the hardest hurdle first. He could've easily spent two hours filling color on the birds tail and wings, but he focused on the worst part first and for that i will keep coming back. I have two more sessions to schedule with jay, and i cant wait to see his finished product cover up this other "artists" work.  Overall the shop was very clean, sterile and professional. Not just jay, but also the fellow artists hanging out at the shop working on designs. Everyone was just very nice and exceptional at what they do. And thankfully tats are still 100 an hour! Guys remember this is a great price and to tip your artist at least 30 an hour if your a walk in and if hes doing difficult work, they need to eat too!  My favorite part of this experience was how chill my artist was . No forced convo, no small talk at all. I loved this cause i was getting my ditch tattood and just needed to zone, and when we talked it wasnt some forced bs. Connecting with your artist makes you relax and not bleed as much, and jay is really good at this. He may not be one of the famous names working at tht shop, but theres a reason those famous names hired him. Go to drastic over any other shop!!  Bottom line is i cannot wait to give jay another few hundred to do work, he def. Has a customer for life.
5 UPDATE: after waiting 3 weeks i finally got to hit drastic for my second sitting with Jay. He remembered right were we left off and the overall look i had in mind for the tattoo. He actually even remembered the conversations we had over a month ago, asking me how things were going and just making his client genuinely comfortable. The most frustrating thing for me is how long color takes to blend, im extremely anxious to have a finished Jay Rizzo piece that i can show off instead of trying to explain what parts he overhauled. Patience is a virtue with tattoos, drastic changes isnt about scheduling you the next day to get more of your cash, theyre true professionals that prefer your work to heal 100% before working on it or near it again. This really stands out to a client, theyre not tattoing slow,hoping to lock in another appointment before you leave. Instead they rely on healed exceptional artwork to speak for itself and keep people coming back. Remember guys, color takes time! If you can feel the needle, your money is being well spent. There was no rushing of my tattoo but also jay didnt stall in any way. Even when in conversation with a fellow artist he did not let up. At drastic your definitely getting your moneys worth. Also tip your artist well, esp if this review sends you to Jay. I tip very well and they always remember that,which in turn makes your artist want to show you hes worth every penny. I will continue to only go here, even after jay finishes this piece on my arm. Cant wait for 3 weeks to pass so i can get in the chair again. If anyone from the shop happens to see this, keep up the excellent customer service fellas. What up drastic what up Jay, cya soon guys.
