5 *This review is for Dr. Mickey*  I went to a new doctor in the Gilbert-area several months back, and was not happy with the treatment I received. With that said, I started the search for a new doctor. It was at this point, where I stumbled upon Dr. Mickey, and decided to give her a shot.   Right from the beginning of my first appt. with her, I could tell she was much more thorough and inquiring than the previous doctor I had seen. I felt much better with how I was treated as a patient, and it was nice to actually have her seem like she cared about my concern. I have been back since, and will continue to have Dr. Mickey be my primary provider.
5 This place is GREAT! my entire family has been going here for 5 years. we have seen every Doctor, PA, Nurse dealt with all of the staff. they all get an A+. Dr. Lamb And Dr. Rope are usually who I see but they all care a great deal for the patients.
5 Had to go to the Doctor again. :((   This place is so good.  They have an urgent care in the same place. Not really like an urgent care though. The cost is the same and you see the same doctors so its a cool setup. Alex the medical assistant is great.
4 I've used Queen Creek Primary care for 3 years now and I am mostly a big fan. There are a few negatives, but overall I've had a good experience. Here are the things I like: they have walk in hours every day besides Sunday. This is heaven sent when  you are suddenly sick and there aren't any appointments and it's the same co-pay as if you had an appointment. This saves me from the extra money I'd have to pay at urgent care. I love Dr. Lamb and Kelly Mcmillan, who is one of the PAs. They have always been very informative and caring whenever I have seen them. I also haven't ever had a problem with super long wait times for scheduled appointments. They seem to function efficiently. They also have a lab in house so you don't have to take an extra trip if you need to get blood work done.   Here are the things I don't like: Dr. Mickey, something about her just irked me. She was kind of rude and I overheard her bad mouthing someone in the hallway. So not very customer friendly in my opinion. I have also noticed that true to most M.D.s now a days they are very quick to prescribe. I came in suffering from bad back pain to try and find the cause and they basically just offered me addictive pain medication. That's called treating the symptoms, not the problem. This is the main reason why I take my son to another primary care physician, as I prefer a little bit less medication unless it is necessary.   However, despite a few negatives, I still love this office and will continue to go there myself. They are so convenient, especially if you have a crazy hectic schedule. With late hours and the walk-in clinic it is a great resource, especially if my son's PC isn't available.
