1 I am not sure what happened, I used to love this place, I have taken my dog here for years and they have always been my only choice of vets. I Pass 3 other vets on the way here and I have always recommended this place over all others. We travel out of town a few times a year and have always left our dog here for safekeeping. I should have known something was up when the girl at the front counter was indifferent and seemed like she wanted to be anywhere but at work. So we tell her we will be back to pick up the dog on Saturday at 3 and she wrote it down. Flash forward to Saturday at 3 and the place is closed, doors locked, lights off. You would have figured she would have given me a heads up that they closed at 1 on Saturday so to pick up the dog at 3 would not be possible. I called and of course no answer but I leave a message that I was not happy I could not get my dog now until Monday. You would have thought someone might have called me to apologize but no. I guess they have enough business without mine.
1 Inept!  Brought our dog in for a consistent cough.  The vet we saw here "Jessi" should have her license revoked. I wont go into too much mud slinging here but im sorry when you need to bring your dog in 3x for tests, xrays you should expect to get somewhere with the treatment.  This doctor treated our dog for Heartworm, Kennel Cough and Valley Fever. She had NONE OF THEM.  She kindly charged us for blood tests etc for all of these ailments only to finally say "I don't know maybe you should take her to a specialist".  The specialist said she had a bone in her throat stuck and removed it.  BAD VETERINARIAN!!!
5 It has only been recently that I have started reviewing other places beside restaurants.   I was very surprised to see only two reviews, neither good. I have been taking pets here for several years. And always had great service. Dr. Stitzer was our first vet. He went through some tough times with older pets. But was good about not trying to force unnecessary tests.   Although Dr. Stitzer is not available most times, Dr. Waldo has been my regular for my young lab. Again, I am happy with service.   I don't board my pets so I can't comment about those services. But for pet care, I have always been happy.   My one complaint, like most Dr's, it seems like I am always waiting for my appointment. I understand that things happen, but if I am on time, they should be too. Maybe schedule appointments further apart?
5 Recently took my cattledog here because he had a hurt leg.  The staff was very professional and friendly and the facility was neat and clean.  The doctor ran some tests and found that it was valley fever (which I didn't even know could make a dog limp).  We got him on medication and most importantly, my dog is much better now!
2 We have had horrible experiences with this vet before but had an emergency situation and were willing to try them again. The receptionist was so rude and unprofessional when making the appointment- we decided it was not even worth it. In the past we have been charged for services not performed and had a few other visits that were disappointing.  I really like Dr Stitzer and haven't had a problem with him. The other docs seem to be hit and miss. I gave 2 stars because years ago I really liked them and recommended them to many people. But my opinion of them based on recent experiences has gone down. I wouldn't go here again.
1 When I moved to the area about 10 years ago, this was about the only vet around and so I began to use them.  I like the vet doctors.  However, I have had extremely poor service by the assistants and the front desk staff.  And I've had enough and will no longer be using them and are now using Seville.
4 I recently had to take my cat in, who had sustained an eye injury and needed a follow up appt. I found all of the staff from start to finish to be very courteous, friendly and knowledgeable. I did have a bit of a wait to get checked in, but I was 20 minutes early for my appointment. Last Summer I had to put my kitty to sleep and the staff here were caring and compassionate and it helped me get through the process knowing that my Simba did not suffer for one second. They let me stay there until I could pull it together enough to go home. Also, their prices were far less expensive than many in the area, which was a huge plus. I would say the only con is that the place isn't very big. I would imagine on a busy day like Saturday that it can get a bit crazy in there.
