1 We ate at the Arrowhead Mall Johnny Rockets tonight. The service was terrible  and the food was cold. The waitress never came back and offered drink refills or a refill and the supposed unlimited fries.   I worked at Arrowhead Mall when it first opened and ate at the Johnny Rockets a lot. It was a favorite.  I swore it off 2 years ago the last time I had poor service. We made the mistake of trying it again. Terrible.
2 Greasy food, just like you'd expect a diner to be.  I ordered a grilled cheese and tomato sandwich and had to keep wiping my hands as I ate it.  For a dollar more instead of fries I got onion rings - onions with heavy batter similar to those you get frozen at the grocery store. Cute diner atmosphere, but when the jukebox plays, watch out - it is LOUD.
4 Good fun!  Good food!  Kids eat free with adult combo purchase.  Kids love the hats and coloring.
3 Just about everything I had here was just MEDIOCRE.  I ordered their SINGLE Rocket which is their classic or signature burger.  Their single patty included the thousand island sauce, American cheese, lettuce, and plain white buns.  There was nothing too extraordinary to mention at all.  The beef patty itself was not juicy with a basic taste while the cheese was non-melting.  Overall, mediocre!  The fries were slightly better.  I enjoyed it more than the burger!  They were large, crispy and soft.  My main complaint went to the slow service, thirty-minutes for mediocre food is unacceptable!  For all I knew my burger was waiting in the cold.    Sorry JR of Arrowhead, I don't think I will be stopping by again.
5 One of the best experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. Free food for my daughter and ketchup smiley faces for everyone. The food was great and the server commendable. Definitely recommending this spot to others. I had a bad experience at the west gate location but I'm really glad we gave the arrowhead location a chance. If you see a male server with big curly hair he's the one you want.
1 Came here to eat with two kids. Ordered meals that would qualify us getting two FREE kids' meals but credited only ONE. The excuse was that I would have to buy two sides if I wanted to get two free kids' meal. There's nothing stating about ordering sides on the promotional add that was posted on the window. What a bunch of BS!!!! If they are pulling that stunt, then no more trips to JR.
1 This place sucks!!!!!  How do you have a limited menu that only serves hamburgers with thousand island dressing type sauce?  They don't even have the classic #12!!!!  I have to say that this is the worst experience I have ever had at Johnny rockets,  and will not come back to this location!!!!!
2 The chicken club sandwich was pretty good. However, it took about 40 minutes to get our food. We just ordered a burger/fries and a sandwich. The server told us multiple times that our food would be coming but it never did. After we asked again, she went to check, and said 5 more minutes, when it took closer to 15 more. I have a feeling she never relayed the order to the cooks. People coming in after us were getting their food and leaving. When the food finally came there was no explanation. Not sure if she even apologized. Right after she brought our food she came back in 10 seconds and asked how everything was.... We haven't even started eating yet! The workers would dance whenever this song came on. Less dancing, more serving please.
4 Love the feel, vibe of Johnny Rockets.  Just has something different, like that vintage feel, we ate at the counter and enjoyed the classic music and oldies.  My 9 year old son enjoyed the theme and I am sure some of us older folk could enjoy the nostalgic feel of the place. As for the food, just burger and fries cooked on a flat grill right in front of you.  Just a simple burger and has that just fresh taste to it.  Love the chocolate cokes they offer as well. Service was above normal as most of the staff was friendly and in good spirits, singing along to the songs and enjoying the atmosphere.  I would say this is an excellent place for kids since I saw so many children here.
4 I love this place takes ya back to the good old days when waitstaff looked like waitstaff .love taking my 5 year old son here. Its hes favorite place. And he has a crush on one of the girls.
1 First of all let me say that there's nothing like a good quality burger. I was a big fan of Johnny Rockets.  I used to work at Arizona Mills and was a regular visitor to JR.  You ordered your burger, they would grab a ball of meat from the fridge tray below the grill and shape and cook it to perfection.  It was obviously a hand made burger.   I now work close to Arrowhead mall and decided to go to JR for lunch with a friend.  We ordered our burgers and noticed that instead of a hand made patty from the fridge tray, they slapped a factory burger on the grill and pealed the paper off.  The burger was disgusting.  It was dry, no flavor and both my friend and I felt sick afterwards.  I'm not opposed to factory made burger if its quality burger.  I asked the manager why they were different to Arizona Mills and he just said they have always been that way.  They don't make their burgers, Its the worst burger you can buy which I can only assume is cheaper for them.  I would put my hand on my heart and say if they gave me their burgers for free I would not eat it.  I would rather have a dollar burger from somewhere then eat JR burger at Arrowhead.  I was so distraught that I went on the main company website to complain and I rarely complain about anything.
3 First time in a Johnny Rockets. Love the feel of the place, but the wait was a little ridiculous. I saw at least 5 dirty tables while the line was out the door. As well as not a single staff member acknowledging the line for about 10 minutes. The onion rings were delish, but the chicken tenders... I've had better :)
4 She loves Johnny Rockets.  I am not a big fan.  I think Five Guys is better, but for some reason she enjoys these burgers and thinks they are well prepared.  It's not a bad place, I just think there's better.   You should decide for yourself.  We at least go here 2-3 time a year and have the same discussion.   Of course you can't beat their strawberry shakes!  That's what keeps ME coming back!
1 It had been awhile since we were last at a Jonny Rocket.   I like how sometimes a song comes on and the staff starts line dancing.  That is fun.    This particular visit was not a good one.  The service at this location was absolutely terrible.  We waited like 30 mins for our food.  When it came to use my philly sandwich was cold.  The waiter brought us our drinks and never checked back on us.  We had to stop a different server and ask them to take care of us.   When we actually did see our server he had no personality. At least our table was not important to him.    Now to get fries and a drink added to your sandwich is $4.50?  Really?  The food is not that good here as it is and then you are going to toss and outrageous price like that out?  We had a 4 year old with us and ordered him a cheeseburger off the kids menu and they charged $1 for a piece of cheese?   The service alone will keep me from returning to this location,  but these ridiculous prices will keep me from returning to any Jonny Rocket location.  $45 for a kids meal, 3 burgers, 3 fries, and 3 drinks?  Craziness.    For that price Five Guys is a much better option.  If you want sub par food similar to Jonny Rockets but at a much cheaper price then head to Denny's.
