4 Loved my pedicure here! They took they time and I didn't feel rushed like I sometimes do at other salons. Polish and heels came out beautiful! I will definitely be going back to this salon.
5 First timer at this nail salon. I have my favorite salons but I like to try out different different ones to see what they offer.  I loved that instead of having a TV with a movie on, or music from 104.7 playing, they had the most relaxing music playing. It really made me feel like I was in some upscale spa. At some nail salons they will give me a pedicure and do my nails at the same time. I hate that, it makes me feel rushed and I can't enjoy my pedicure as much. They took time on both and did them separate.   The prices are fair, and when it comes to nails you really do get what you pay for... My favorite part though, is that they have so many packages to choose from and one of them even has the French nail included which Is what I always get on my toes. Not an extra "5$"   I will be back if I am ever in the area. Great relaxing experience and I couldn't ask for much more.
5 I love getting my eyebrows waxed here. Jeannie does an amazing job, and takes her time with you even when they are busy outside doing nails. I wouldn't go with anyone else besides her.
3 First time at this salon since moving to Maricopa. I decided to try it based on the other great reviews I've read. In my own experience it was not the best but not the worst. I went in for a gel manicure and regular pedicure.   Both techs took a great amount of time in shaping my nail on toes and fingers and getting everything prepped and looking good. Big plus. That was awesome. My pedicure is cute. Love the color and looks good no messes or anything that shouldn't be there.   My gel manicure is where my 3 stars comes into play. I wanted to do a nude color with an accent glitter ring finger. I showed her what I wanted and she said ok. In the middle of cleaning my nails she asks if I wanted to do the OPI color for gel? I was confused and asked what she meant. I said yes because I thought that's what they had shown me of the samples of polishes I picked from. The color I got was not a nude color or anything close to what I originally chose.  It was a super transparent glitter pink color instead.   I told her that's not what I wanted and it's too see-through. She said I'll do two coats and it'll be okay...it wasn't okay. I ended up getting an all glitter pink gel manicure that I didn't want and explained I didn't want. Luckily I like what I have right now but it's not what I explained I wanted.   If probably go back for just a pedicure but not for gel manicure or any type of designs.
5 I have been getting gel manicures, pedicures, and brow waxing done here for several months now and they always do a great job!  Jeannie is the best for waxing and nails...takes her time and does it right.  Queenie does the most amazing artwork for my pedicures!  I have tried all the salons in Maricopa and this one is the best!
