2 I love my doctor, but the office always makes me frustrated.  I'm NEVER seen at or near my appointment time.  Appointment at 10:30am?  I get called back at 11:15am then wait some more for the doctor.   I've had this happen with all appointment times, morning and afternoon. The front desk people are usually talking amongst themselves and it takes awhile to acknowledge someone standing at the counter.   The lab people are rarely friendly.  If I didn't like the doctor so much, I'd go somewhere else.
1 After 3 years of going here I've finally had enough of being treated like cattle in this office.  Originally it seemed like my provider Pat Washkowiak, RNP was very knowledgable and was very concerned for my well-being. She always had answers for my questions, especially why it was necessary for me to come back more frequently than I had thought necessary based on previous experience.   Unfortunately it turns out that she was basically using me to pad her bank account since I, as a self-pay patient was paying her out of pocket, in full at every visit.  I have found out that the "care" provided to me was against the guidelines she should have been following.  The front office, nursing and lab staff definitely left much to be desired.  The front office doesn't understand professionalism, always carrying on personal conversations loudly that are usually inappropriate.  When they do get around to check in they don't think twice about yelling personal information across the waiting room.    When I was unable to get specific answers from the nursing and billing staff regarding an appointment I spoke to the Office Manager regarding my frustrations and was told that neither are trained to understand why labs are ordered or trained to read the charted results to see why the provider is proceeding with a procedure etc.  That is more than a little scary to me.  If someone is going to be telling me that I need a procedure or be paying hundreds of dollars for a procedure I want them to be able to explain to me why.  I also found that I was given incorrect information regarding previous labwork that was done causing an additional bill of almost $200.  The office manager agreed to call LabCorp and negotiate a discount due to their error even after I advised that I would not be coming back to the clinic.  Apparently after speaking with Pat Washkowiak, NP it was decided not to honor that agreement, because LabCorp is still expecting payment in full.  I'm not shocked, all things considered I'm shocked they didn't try to bill me for copies of my medical records.
2 I first started going here off reviews that the Dr's were really great here. During the past 5 years, front desk staff & others have been increasingly impolite and unconcerned about the patients service. Other recent reviews have been spot on about the waiting time for your appointments, you probably wait three times as long as the time you see your Dr. Just because you post signs all over the waiting room apologizing for the wait,  does not mean you have to be rude about my concern that it has been over 45 minutes since my appt time. Today was kind of the last straw, I came in for my appointment which was already a rescheduled one due to a mix up of  appt times last Thursday, and was informed after sitting for 5 minutes that my appointment was canceled because the person called in sick. They said "didn't you get the message?" I said no..... and all I can do is think in my head is that if I had gotten a message would I be wasting my time here?!? So I asked, do you know who or what number they called? Then I got a very defensive answer basically reiterating that she was the one that made all the calls and she left a message at my contact # (which was my correct cell#). So basically no appointment for me, come back tomorrow and NO apologies/thank you for inconvenience or accepting their rudeness! I guess it's time to look for a new OB/GYN.
