2 The food is very very fake. When most of the fried products get to room temperature, they melt into a goo rather than just getting soggy. . . Need I say more? Everything has additives, and yes, eating there often will make you fat. It's impossible to avoid with food of that quality. The service is going to depend on who the manager is at the time. If there's someone running the store poorly, people are going to be waiting on food. When people wait on food, they tend to complain... but my problem is its mcdonalds... you get what you pay for.  I know they add something to the fries to make them addicting, that's why I still frequent this chain store.
2 Ok there are to many complaints about the employee's. Do you think most of them want to be working at a minimum wage job? Don't expect them to be too happy all the time... and for the most part they are nice and helpfull. I would like to complain about the customers more so... some of them get to angry for food, like seriously it's just food dont get yourself to worked up. And for the record I would like too say that McDonalds coffee lids are the best invention ever, every other coffee lid, like at Tim Hortons, NEVER stays open!!! I love the LID!!! It's EPIC!
3 Standard services for a McDonalds.  Service drive thru was fast an food was hot.
3 Pretty much a normal McDonald's with the exception of the odd Jurassic park pkayland..the kids enjoyed playing there but I am sure I will suffer t Rex nightmares in the coming days..lol
2 The manager was RUDE.  We stopped in on a Sunday morning and had to wait a little while for anyone to come to the register to wait on the customers that were ahead of us.  Another employee started to take my daughters order and the manager made him stop, not sure why, but she did.  She took our order and when it was kind of thrown on the counter for us to pick up, she made it known she was not happy that I asked for a couple of packets of mayo.  Not sure I'll be back, they don't seem to care about the customers.
4 What can be said about a Mcdonald's? They have recently required all of their franchises to make their prices consistent, so there's no hidden gems selling $1 chicken nuggets or 4 cookies for $1 anymore. The food is usually the same wherever you go.  The ambience, however, can make a regular visit into a special one. Such is the case with this location. The kids and I stopped in for a quick breakfast visit while my wife was at a meeting nearby. We were immediately drawn to the walls of the restaurant, which were covered with dinosaur posters, figures and facts. The kids were ecstatic! They started looking at all of the dinosaurs and asking their names and pronunciations. We ordered our food and headed toward the play area. What a surprise to see huge dinosaur models flanking a very large play structure! The entire restaurant was painted in a jungle motif, as well, so it gave the impression that you were in a Paleozoic forest. Very cool! We plan to come back soon so the kids can get a chance to crawl around more in the play area.  Sadly, they have a design board on the front counter showing the elevations of their remodel. They plan to turn it into a bland, faux-upscale Mcdonald's. According to the renderings, the play area, dinosaurs and any hint of a unique experience will be gone. Lame!  If you want to give your kids something other than a generic fast food experience, head here quick, before the dinosaurs are extinct!
