3 Good enough selection for just about anyone and overall a very clean place.  Service was very friendly and accomodated all requests.  Conveniently located near home nested with a variety of other stores in the same shopping center.
2 Checkout experience is very poor.  Never enough lanes open and I hate their policy of reading the customer's last name out loud when they give you the receipt.  My last name is no one's business!  Please stop doing this!  Major privacy violation!  On a positive note, the organic produce section is quite good and the only reason I shop here.
5 I keep going to this store because the customer service is spectacular for a grocery store. They go above and beyond to assist and help you out in anyway - they always ask if you need help finding anything - they offer assistance with carrying items - very knowledgeable of their store and where items are located.  Contrary to popular belief Safeway actually offers some of the best deals on grocery items I have seen compared to the other stores around my area such as Wal-Mart/Albertsons/Bashas etc. - They stay very competitive. I'm not sure how this store doesn't get a better rep? Customer service is really their number one goal, so if you have a problem don't be afraid to say something because they will help you solve it without belittling you such as what happens at most Wal-Marts.   @Max C. - The checkout experience can be a little slow at times especially if you go to this particular store after 8pm and they don't have any self checkout lanes but they try to make the best of what they got. They also read your last name after finishing the order because it's trying to show you that they care, it's the little things that matter, if that is a bother for you then please head over to Wal-Mart.
1 This place rarely has enough staff working.  Too many times, usually in the late afternoon on the way home from work, the longs are soooo long.  The rarely have more than 2 lines open meaning it is longer to get out of the store than it is to shop.  Never see the manager working nights to witness this operation.  I am afraid management is looking at sales reports and filling out the schedule based on numbers.  Unfortunately, customers are working out without buying anything once they see the long lines.  Hate shopping at this Safeway.
3 I love Safeway in all ways except this one lacks in customer service.  Safeway offers coupons plus bonus $5.00 items on Friday's!  This particular location has several customer service cashiers that lack happiness as I call it. Regardless of the day or night, they never seem happy and pleasant. I also don't like the fact that I have to wait in line regardless of the time of day. They never seem to have enough cashiers on duty. Weekends are the worse!  Hope it's just this location and not the norm!
3 I sometimes stop at this Safeway because it is convenient. The reviews I have seen are correct, they need more staff (or) to staff at the appropriate times when it's busy. The lines are always super long and their customer service does lack. I do feel bad saying it lacks as the checker's are normally just as frustrated as the customers due to the never ending lines.   I did also have a small incident with Pom Pomegranate Seeds (Pom is the brand.) I normally check all my expiration dates on anything that is perishable because there is nothing worse than pulling something from the fridge to eat it and it's gone bad. Anyway, I was in a rush and didn't look when I bought these and of course they had expired the week before. I will give it to the customer service desk, I took both tubs in that i bought the evening before and she promptly gave me my money back. Moral of this story: ALWAYS check your expiration dates. I was pleased with how she handled the return though, she did not give me any push-back which was a nice surprise.   If the management team can figure out the right number of checkers during certain hours this would definitely help their rating and my frequency for shopping here.   Sometimes a girl just don't have time to wait in long lines.
4 I really like this Safeway. It seems to be well organized and the selection of foods are pretty good. The last time I was here I got something from the hot case to eat for dinner and the fried chicken was okay. Nothing exciting.   It does almost never fail to be long lines when I am ready to check out...except for that one time I went after 10pm.
2 I want to say first I am not from his area and when I saw a Safeway I was happy because I know I have a Safeway card and I can use the just for you app. Not a problem. The place is beautiful.!! They need a better selection of food. I guess its just for that "area" but again it was not far from my new apartment. Now the Starbucks workers in there are very selective with who they speak to. Its like they were afraid or something. That automatically turned me off. Not to mention the cashier wouldn't even speak to and the girl who was bagging even walked away. I kid you not!!! I will go to the one that is even closer to me off Alma Rd their customer service sucks and that's all I need not to go. It was my first and last time. Safeway needs to do something about that.
