3 It's a taco Cantina with some southwestern flair.  They have your standard Mexican taco, tostada, enchilada and burro selection.  Then they have what you normally find in a diner.  Sandwiches, burgers, etc.    Limited draft selection, decent bottle beer at reasonable price.  Lots of specials.  Basic hard liquor selection.  Very friendly and attentive service.  Has a small town feel and lots of locals seem to frequent.  Was not overly impressed with the enchilada, but the taco was good.  Wife had the burger and it was EXCELLENT.  If you live in theqc or are visiting this is a good non chain choice.
1 Oh so very bad! We wound up here after our attempt to eat at San Tan Flats on a Friday night turned out to be a forty five minute wait. So this establishment looked inviting on the outside but the inside was a different story. I ordered their special of the night, which was their fish and chips. To my surprise it also came with Clam Chowder soup. This was horribly disappointing. The taste was rather bland and the surprise crunch of leftover shell in my soup was not a delight surprise. Furthermore, the fish and chips were a greasy hot mess and the french fries were a bit average. I seemed to enjoy the store bought bread roll the most. Bottom-line: never eat here. Blah... oh, and I got the worst stomach ache after this meal.
3 Let's start with a great happy hour! 1.50 drafts 6.00 for a bakers dozen of wings!! Plus they were xtrra big wings!!! The place reminded me of a Chuys, neat relaxing fun,! It only gets 3 stars because they don't have any local beer!! They open at 630am for all day breakfast! Bonus! The service was friendly not bad for a local place. Don't count on meeting your soul mate here, but they have great deals!!
3 Happy hour prices seem very reasonable! 1.50 drafts 6.00 for a bakers dozen of wings!! Plus they were extra big wings!!! BTW The wings were bigger than any other business I been to in the valley so far. A little over done "dry".  Don't count on meeting your love mate there, but they have some deals!!  Pro- Portions were good and plentiful, service was good the girls paid attention to their customers at the tables  Improvements - More selection of sauces for the wings besides barbecue and hot. Lets get creative with the options. Expand the menu more choices of different items to order. The other option is to have more specials instead of one special.  I have not been there for football on Sunday yet, but the amount of TV's to show differnet games could be a problem.    The reason for the 3rd star was the waitress was good otherwise this place would get 2 stars
5 I haven't tried much on this menu except the wings and the free salsa bar but man, their wings are some of the best around and reasonable too. I order them medium so my wife can enjoy and the 'suicide' sauce on the side which is amazing if you love hot stuff. I was chatting with the owner about it and he told me they make it with the infamous ghost pepper, truly delicious and will make you sweat. Bucket of beers for $10 bucks during football and wing special too, what an awesome day.  No more ghost pepper suicide sauce, :(
1 Saw the cook pick his nose while talking on his cellphone, then proceeded to cough in his hands and go right back to cooking, he did not even wash his hands.. Needless to say we left and won't come back, it was just nasty too think of eating there after seeing that..
4 A mellow place where you will get good food and good service.  They have everything on the menu from steaks, sandwiches, to Mexican food and they also serve breakfast too.  The offer a free chips and salsa bar.  Lots of tv's to watch the game and just hang out and have a good time.
5 The food is good and the salsa is awesome! The owners are usually there and like to chat with customers and make sure everything is stellar.   Their happy hour rocks! Cheap drinks and a fun group!  It used to be a little shabby looking, but they repainted and did a lot of work. It looks great now!  I highly recommend it if you're in the area
5 Great breakfast menu served all day. Fish and chips are excellent. They have a great Mexican menu. Ask for Patty.  She will take good care of you. Good local pub food joint.
5 The food is always great and all the employees are nice to talk to. The price is also good as well.
3 I must admit I was pretty disappointed tonight after stopping in with my sister to grab some dinner. I have been here before several times and had much better experiences!  When we first arrived there was only a handful of people at the bar so there was no excuse for the wait we had to order or her lack of enthusiasm. It seemed our waitress was way more interested in mingling with the "regulars" the entire time rather than even checking on us, on our drinks and so forth. When I spoke up and said my dish was not what I had expected and requested some other sauce to add she said that it was frozen and would take long to heat up!! (Which I'm pretty sure was a bs excuse the cook told her or maybe that she even made up!) Either way it was definitely not up to pair with their usual standard of service or food. I'll have to rethink about going back.
5 Reasonable prices, great food, excellent Service!       Okay I may be a little biased because I came up with the barnyard buster on their menu 6 years ago. Biscuits, sausage gravy, eggs, and choice of meat. They offer mexican food too. Great happy hour. I love this place. Every time I visit my parents I come here. Tip your servers!!!!
2 The only reason it get's 2 stars is because the iced tea was good. I tried the chicken and shredded beef enchilada's and they were just "meh" at best. The red chile was decent, but the meat was dry and not especially flavorful. The refried beans tasted sorta like cigarette smoke. It wasn't nearly as good as any of the various "erto's" places around.
5 To start off they had great service, the owners are always there and enjoy meeting new customers. As a sea food lover I had to try the fish and chips with a side of clam chowder, which was there own take on the dish but the best I have had since the last time I was in New England. The happy hour beer pricing was great along with a special beer tasting from the local queen creek micro brewer. Over all great place will be going back.
4 The bar is very friendly and service was great. Free chips and salsa is a bonus too. Different types of salsa's to sample too. Wings were fair.
4 Update for AM Breakfast:  Love the attentive service, decent prices, & outdoor patio. The waitress checked on us frequently even though we were having breakfast. The breakfast was very good and the portions were decent. I would rate this place as number 2 or 3 best place for breakfast in the Queen Creek area.
4 Good solid mexican food.  Good service  - I'll be back.    Nice to see a non-chain restaraunt.   I liked the green chile sauce.
4 First time customer. Very attentive service from the moment I walked in the door.  Excellent happy hour beer specials. However they don't have it posted anywhere.  Ordered the sampler appetizer and the wings were really good along with the mozzarella sticks and zucchini. This bar is tucked away in a strip mall, but you can tell they have lots of regulars.  I will be back.
