4 My kids have been seeing Dr. Cohen for almost a year now.  They are both less than 6 years old.  They've had routine cleanings as well as fillings done by Dr. Cohen.   His office staff are all great, the office is efficiently run and cleanly maintained.  The thing that I like the most about Dr. Cohen is that he is very conservative with the use of sedative medications for kids.  He uses only nitrous oxide (laughing gas) plus local anesthetics (shots) in the office; anything else requiring heavier sedation he takes to Phoenix Children's Hospital.  The only downside to that is that he doesn't have office hours on Friday since that is his hospital day.  The current location is brand new.  There are TVs in the ceiling with kid's movies playing the whole time and my kids love going to see him.
1 I have already reviewed this practice under the dentist's name, Dr. Cohen, so please see my concerns there. It is true that his office is very new, clean and has lots of entertainment for kids. Staff is wonderful. The problem is him, he does not interact well with kids or parents. Since he is the dentist, that sort of doesn't make up for his nice looking office. Why a man like that chose pediatrics as a specialty will forever be a mystery to me. 12 months after the appointment I am still livid about the way that he treated us. And we saw a wonderful dentist today who made me realize what a mistake I made bringing my children to this practice.
5 I had to write a review to let everyone know how fabulous Dr. Cohen and his team are. This was our second visit and they were so good to my 4 year old son. The two young ladies at the front desk are very friendly and efficient. They have a very cool 'movie room' with a few toys in it to entertain your little one while waiting your turn. The second time around we did not have to wait at all. Angelica helped us and she was so great to my little man, I was very impressed. She explained everything to him before she did it and was very patient with him. The first time we were there we had to wait awhile to see Dr. Cohen which didn't sit too well with my kiddo but this time he was available right after the cleaning. He was very gentle with him and took his time. I really do not see how there could be a better pedaitric dentistry out there and highly recommend them.
5 My four-year-old son and I visited Dr. Cohen's office today.  I rarely write reviews on Yelp, but absolutely felt that our visit warranted it.  My son has never been to the dentist, but I prepped him a bit with what is to be expected when seeing him, and he has been with me to the dentist prior.  The two ladies at the front desk were super friendly, fast and kind when we walked in the door.  We only had to wait about 5 minutes before being brought back to the X-Ray room.  While we were waiting for the dental hygienist to prep everything, one of the front desk girls gave me a printout of our insurance benefits and explained everything that was covered.  I've honestly never had that kind of service at a dental office and felt as thought medical insurance is sort of a mystery sometimes, so it was awesome that she took the time to do that.  Our hygienist (I'm kicking myself because I forgot her name) was incredible!  She was patient with Riley when he was getting X-Rays (which for a first-timer, wasn't bad) and explained everything to him/us in detail.  We then went back to the chair for a cleaning and she continued to explain all of the tools she was using and why so that he would understand.  She did it in such a caring and gentle way, she must be a Saint to go through that with kids all day every day!! :)  After the cleaning we waited for about 5 minutes for Dr. Cohen to come and do the checkup.  He found a tiny cavity but was very conservative in saying that it didn't need to be taken care of right away, we can just watch it.  Love the honesty.  He explained dental habits and how important they are to Riley, was very kind and personable.  I really enjoyed speaking with the staff.  When we left, Riley said how cool it was to go to the dentist.  He left with a very positive experience, and for that we are really grateful.  Later in the day he said he wanted to brush his teeth again and use the little sand timer they gave us.  I feel like having positive experiences with dental offices will shape the way he takes care of his dental hygiene for the rest of his life, and I will definitely be bringing him back for checkups.  Highly recommended!
5 Love, Love, Love this office! It was my first time to the dentist with my 3 and 4 year old. Both of them had a wonderful experience! Dr. Cohen was wonderful and the staff was amazing! I would highly recommend this practice to anyone!
