5 Great dentist and hygienist and the staff. Very courteous and helpful.  Sandhya is an excellent dentist and has been my dentist for past few years. I don't have to wait long for appointment and the never had problem with any service.
5 I have been going here for 8 years now! I have never witnessed such friendly and caring staff. Your comfort is of utmost importance to their staff. Because of them i am no longer afraid to go to the dentist!
5 II highly recommend this place very professional and family oriented.
1 I came to Dr Anantuni for a 2nd opinion. Although she seemed stiff and but she seemed like she knew what she was talking about. So one root canal later (different endontist), I had to come back in for a crown. Upon arriving her front desk immediately asks me to pay for the procedure, which I did...  I was then immediately deferred to Sandi, Anantuni's assistant. She hardly spoke to me and was exceptionally rude.  When she did it was only to bark commands such as "open" as she forcefully prepped my teeth or to inform me I had to pay $42 out of packet for a 3rd exam not covered by my insurance otherwise I have a semi-annual cleaning since they wouldn't know what kind of cleaning to give me.  I responded that I had never heard of this, eventually she slinked away for 5 minutes and still came back with no answer.   Anantuni's demeanor was no better. No explanation of what was happening to me was given. Both Anantuni & Sandi periodically  paused to stare blankly at the TV playing Good Morning America while working on me, which I found DISTURBING. After Anantuni was done with her portion, I was still stuck with Sandi to take images for my crown. I gagged twice from dry mouth while Sandi ignored and continued suctioning & probing.  Ironically she was training another assistant on how to gag people using the same technique.    I was offended nearly to the point of tears during the first appointment.  Unfortunately, I had to go back for them to bond the crown & I had already paid.      To my horror, the 2nd visit was even worse. My crown did not fit even remotely, as Sandi forced it on. Sandi told me not to move when I shifted out of pain. She attempted for force the crown on with floss 3x.  Each time the floss caught the crown and cut into my gums  In the mean time, she X-rayed me twice due to poor fit.  Eventually she gives up and Anantuni fits my crown. Sandi's parting note was to take Tylenol & rinse with salt water to promote healing.  When I left my gums were still bleeding and bruised.  DO NOT COME HERE. I'VE CONFIRMED THE SIMILIAR EXPERIENCES WITH SANDI FROM 2 OTHER PATIENTS.
