5 Never wore glasses before in my life until about 3 months ago... Found I couldn't read the fine print on a coupon! So, off to the eye Doc, and then off to get some "readers." Gotta' say, the staff at this joint is overwhelmingly friendly, but not in a cheesy way- Very professional and well put together! Excellent selection of frames to choose from, albeit a little high end. But, that's the way I like it (uh huh uh huh)!
3 Given our family's different vision and health-care plans, we have use Pearle and have found they do a very trustworthy and capable job.  Our eyes are one of those areas where you don't want to skimp.  Yes, they offer discounts, coupons, etc -- but it's not like day old sushi.  They have a wide selection, the eye doctors seem very competent and your glasses or contacts are ready in a few days, or sooner if they are in stock.  Ultimately, the price you pay depends upon your company's health plan and coverage, but we have been very happy.
4 After 45 years of great vision my eyes were slowly changing for the worse.  I've visited 3 eye doctors in the last 5 years. The first (2) I had awful experiences and refuse to go back. I felt like they didn't care about my eyes along with that  high pressure selling. Well today I found my new home. The staff was wonderful and I feel I got a quality eye exam. I never felt the pressure and never felt rushed. Its hard to find a business that treats you with respect.
5 All I can say is WOW... what an awesome team they have over here. My experience started out with a very friendly technician that got me prepped for my eye exam with the doc, followed by a very detailed and personable exam with Dr. Meharry, and then ending with the fun part... picking new glasses with Jackie. :) Everyone was SO friendly and helpful and I plan on returning with my husband and kids. I'm also thinking about trying the multifocal contact lenses that Dr. Meharry took the time to discuss with me. She patiently answered all my questions and went over all the different options that contact lenses have to offer. I'm a patient for life!
5 Best place for glasses or contacts. The staff is so friendly and helpful. They really work with you on getting the right pair of glasses. Love this place, especially Melody. The customer service is outstanding.
5 After 25 years of wearing contacts I had a rough change in prescription and nothing was working.  Dr. Meharry took the time to explain it all me and came up with a great solution.  She is up on all the state-of-the-art options for eye care and has a wonderful way with people.  I have to give a shout out to Jackie who, before Dr. Meharry was practicing at Pearle Vision, first recognized I was struggling and gave me personal attention. Over the months it took me to try different lenses everyone was incredibly patient and kind to me.  Melody help my pick out a rocking pair of frames that I love and David and Stephanie were very patient.  I don't think of this Pearle as a chain, I think of it as a great place to take care of my eyes.
5 Despite going only once a year for an eye exam and new glasses, the staff always remembers me. Very friendly staff and a very nice establishment. I love coming here and will continue to do so
2 I've been a customer here for years, they usually do a good job. But I'm too upset to trust them anymore, and won't be back.   I bought my current pair of glasses from them a couple years ago. The glasses do need to be replaced, but for financial reasons I need to keep these a while longer. Unfortunately, yesterday evening a screw came out of one of the temple pieces. It wasn't the usual hinge screw, it was a screw that held the temple piece to the spring. I've been through a lot of glasses over the years and can say this was an unusual configuration, but definitely a missing screw, as there was a screw hole right where the other temple piece had one. So I went to Walmart to get an emergency kit, but didn't have the skill to add the missing screw (too small for my big fingers). So I went to Pearle Vision today to ask them to add the screw.  The lady who took it looked at it and said, "Oh! It's not missing a screw, it's broken!" I said, no, it looks like a broken, but if you look at it carefully it's missing a screw, .." She said, "The spring is broken!" She was wrong. But she immediately turned and went into the back room, and there was no way of talking loudly across the way to her to stop her from doing anything but add a screw because there were a lot of people there (some raffle ticket thing going on). She came back and handed me MY glasses, now permanently damaged. I looked at them and was horrified. She superglued it into place! That was a perfectly good working spring action temple piece I had. The spring mount wasn't even fully in place (which is what the missing screw locks), so now the glasses fit lopsided.  These were my glasses. Yes they are the pros. Yes they know glasses better than their customers. But these were my glasses. The least she should have done is discuss with me what she was going to do before stomping off into the back room and doing it with superglue when I said I'm here for a screw.
5 I have had many good visits at Pearle Vision. I have gone there for years. My last and only pair of glasses frame broke and they not only fixed them in a timely fashion, but I was happy to find out my frames were under warrantee.  The two special people that I would like to mention in this review is Manny Rios and Jackie Moro.  Thank YOU!
