4 A jumbo size Hebrew National hotdog with soda for $1.50???  Who can beat that?  Plus, like other fellow yelpers have said, their pizzas are HUGE.  For $9.99.    This particular Costco's staff has come along way since 4 years ago, but don't expect Neiman Marcus type customer service.  What am I saying??  Don't even expect Target like service!  They are smiling more though...maybe they've gotten enough raises...?  You've gotta be a member and remember, they don't accept the V or MC.
3 This is my regular Costco for the last few years.  Nothing really sets this one apart form most of the others.  Very seldom do they run out of the ordinary stuff I get.  Being just one of me there is a limit to what I buy in bulk.  One gripe: they do not carry cigarettes any more except at the business center and they haven't carried MGD for many years.  Their meat selection may not be the lowest price in town but it is always good quality.  The lighting on the signage is poor and it is hard to find the first time at night From 79th.  Last night I decide to "dine" there before shopping.  I liked the hot dog with soda.  It looks like the soda dispensers have options for just water and carbonated water.  The pizza slice was sort of greasy and limp, I chose the pepperoni because that is the one that had just come out of the oven as my turn in line came up.
4 Costco, I love you. Yes, I also love organic, mom & pop places but here on the west side bank of reality, those are few and far in between.   What's there to say? This one is never out of what I want or need. LOVE LOVE LOVE the fromage tasting adventures... who doesn't love a little triple creme now and then?   And may you always carry my beloved Joint Juice. Amen.
3 Snowbirds & the elderly have ruined this location for me.  If you go at any other time besides the opening hour then the lines are insanely long and the aisles are crowded.  The nearby Luby's doesn't help as far as keeping the snowbirds & elderly patrons away.    They do have good deals and they rotate some of their selection reasonably often, especially with liquor & wine.  Parking isn't too bad in the late morning hours.
3 Customer service here is really friendly and the fact that this place is always packed and caters to the Sun City crowd and snow birds really isn't Costco's fault, but it really makes shopping here a real pain in the ass.   I have been to this Costco more times than I want to fess up to, and the last time I was in Arizona (the beginning of January), I had the "pleasure" in a 3 day trip of coming here twice.  Once with my mother and once to escort my 87 year old Grandma.   The upside: Super nice employees-much more patient than I would be given the clientele. Optometry cleaned my Grandmother's glasses without a fuss. They sell Hebrew National salami, something we can't get up here. Electric carts for folks (like Grandma) who can't walk long distances without assistance. Lots of handicapped parking places.  The downside: Even with all the handicapped parking spaces, there is never any handicapped parking available because of the proximity to Sun City. This place is always packed and when I say packed, I mean like Christmas or before Superbowl Sunday packed.  Given the clientele, the bathroom placement is not necessarily convenient.  This Costco has a gas station and all of the other bells and whistles-including a car wash (which I didn't use but saw the sign for). It is probably best to come here right before closing time because lots of the SS crowd doesn't drive at night...
5 Why the 5 star review you say?... well the fact that gas is the cheapest here earns there them the 5 star rating. Yes this costco can be filled with people and yes there are a lot of old people here, yet this costco is amazing.  The staff here has always been helpful and the facilities here are really well kept. The Optometrist here is pretty awesome and he soo nice. I would definitely recommend this costco.
5 Do I really have to say why this is the best place every to buy stuff?  If you don't have a membership to this place its your problem.  Its not like there is a short of customers willing to go to this location and shop....it might be one of the most busy in the state.  It isn't just for large quantity stuff, although everything here you buy is in large quantity.  I hear complaints sometimes that couples with no kids don't need a bag of toilet paper that will last them a year....but I would argue that that same HUGE bag cost the same as a quarter of that same product anywhere else.  Also they have furniture, seasonal stuff like outdoor grills, clothing, tools, electronics, appliances, office supplies, sometimes wall decor/pictures, and almost everything else you can imagine.  The very best part is that they will return ANYTHING! (except a few electronics items) and you don't have to have the receipt since they have everything on file (it helps to know about when you bought it or keep the box or code for them to scan if no receipt is near).  I do mean anything since I returned a broken umbrella that I paid $700 bucks for that blew over in the wind 6 months after I bought it.  I don't abuse this option but when it matters I do.
5 Best Costco to shop at.  I know all the stores are the same for the most part, but this one just has the right products out all the time.  Best mechandising presentation hands down compared to any other Costco.
3 Holy crap! This place was like Walmart on PCP! Between employees on forklifts, grammaws on wheelchairmobiles, Soccer moms on cellphones (watching the aisles instead of where the hell they were going), and random foreign dudes (just standing around and staring in the middle of the aisles as if they were extras from The Walking Dead) - it was like real-life Frogger. I wasn't sure I was going to make it outta there in one piece. A relative from outta town wanted to impress me with her Costco card. Alright. Color me freaking impressed. Boner City! She bought enough stuff that I knew I'd have to pack the freezer like it was a piece of luggage where you try to fit all the excess crap you bought on your trip by sitting on it just to close it. All I wanted to  do was just GTFO as soon as humanly possible. I will probably never get  a damn Costco card unless there's a real zombie apocalypse and I end up  housing and feeding several infantry units at my place. In that case I  probably won't need a card. We'd come back and just take what we need  and I bet the same zombies will still be in the aisles. Standing. Staring.  Aim for the goddamn head!
4 Food counter - I never thought to review costco before today, its probably messed up that what made me think of it was what I am going to complain about.  Pizza - 5 stars (great sauce, great crust, cooked right, great price). Frozen yogurt - 5 stars (so creamy and yummy). Turkey provolone sandwich - 1 star (over heated/cooked, not fresh, greasy, it didn't taste gross though)...   Store - 4 stars - nice selection, good prices, nice customer service. I just hate when they stop carrying something I love.
5 I am a fan of costco.  I like their Kirkland brand.  I love the optical dept.  Just got a pair of long distance glasses with all the coatings - my eyes glaze over when they start talking about the coatings - and paid $128.  That is remarkable!!  I've paid $400 to $500 in the past.    We especially like the Cambazola cheese, the Kirkland Pulled Pork, the fresh halibut (when they have it in), Kirkland nuts etc etc.  The store is always clean and there are of course 'the samples'.  You could eat a lunch as you wend your way through the aisles.    Personnel are friendly and good at keeping the sometimes long lines at the checkout moving.
4 Good gas prices and usually not quite as unbearable of a line.   Enjoyable. Still can't seem to make the membership worthwhile though. Who am I kidding? It will take the boyfriend and I a year to finish the standard bag of chicken. Great trays though for parties.   Make sure you save your receipt to leave and bring cash (needed for pizza) or debit.
3 This isn't the greatest costco I have ever been too. I have a few issues with it. The parking can get pretty bad but that is most costcos so I just go with it.   I love costco because of their samples. That is my favorite part and the marketing usually works well on me. I almost always end up buying something I sampled. This costco just has the worst samples I have experienced. The sample service is so slow. They always run out of samples right away and then they start making the next batch. This process is not effiecnt and frustrating. Yes, I know what you are thinking- They are free, why am I complaining? Its because samples are a big part of my costco experience. I have been to other costcos where there samples are running like a well oiled machine and they are passing them out left and right.  Another problem I have is the car wash. It does a great job washing the outside of my car, but there is nothing to do with my inside. I need vacuums! What car wash does not provide vacuums?   I do enjoy getting beer and wine there. I love the large costco size vodkas and what not. I also recently found out about their discount restaurant cards which are nice.   So basically, I will continue to go but will scowl when the wait between samples is 10 minutes. Feeed me costco!
3 They always seem to be rocking the samples. They have a over abundance of old folks I think this is their secret meeting lair. The checkouts are always packed but they turn and burn them. Helpful staff of big heavy stuff.
1 -1 star for the bad parking lot . Maneuvering in it is alot like playing a combination of GTA and Burnout. -1 star for the hateful staff. If you're in there and you see a woman named Barbara , steer clear of that bitch. I used to come here just for lunch a few years ago , always got static from her (take off another star just for her). -1 star for prices. Whether it's gas or milk , they're always more expensive. I thought the idea of having a membership was to pay less , don't you agree? I guess the nicest thing I can say about this place is that it's clean.
4 Everything at this Costco is fantastic!  Well, everything EXCEPT the pharmacy.  They are rude, and do not answer questions.
4 Costco is always a place to not be during the weekend, however all the employees do the best that they can to keep the lines flowing and if you have any questions or need an item they will run to get it for you.
4 Not the I place to be on the weekend.  Crazy busy.  Good shopping though if you can bear the crowds.
1 Pure madness...at 2 pm on a Thursday? Accessible parking was full. There was only one motorized cart. It took me five minutes just to motor into the store, no thanks to the hordes departing who could not see my flag, cart, or colorfully clad body.   Before coming to the store, I called to get the membership price, and was told there is a $25 option. Um, nope. Try $55...can you say bait and switch?  Long, long lines to check out, just like the day before Thanksgiving or the zombie invasion.   I ran screaming, straight to Sam's Club, where the shoppers are polite and the aisles are well labeled. Costco may have fancy meat and a service deli...but I'm not going to fight for my food and jumbo bottles of Tide.   Never again!
4 I never remember Costco having this awesome of an alcohol selection. All the other stuff is as awesome as you'll find in any other location, but you should know me well enough to see which direction this review is headed in.   If I'm throwing a party where quantity is more important than quality, they've got me covered. My jaw freaking dropped at the sight of 6 bottles of Beringer for $18. I was in disbelief at the low, low prices for handles of typical party swill like Fireball. As I stood there in amazement, the representative was eager to watch me toss boxes of goods into the cart.   Only regret was having jager as bulk only. $90 for six bottles and an ice chest. That's an awesome deal, but I'm not crashing an ASU party, so that's overdoing it. Even for me.
2 If you like to play smash-up derby with over-sized shopping carts while avoiding being stampeded by glossy-eyed patrons, and waiting in line for 15 minutes in order to leave the store, I would highly recommend doing your Christmas shopping here.  PS. The oranges we purchased here are very dry.  Almost no juice in them at all.
3 I love warehouse stores and this costco is good for the most part as far as item selection and everything goes but there is a few issues. First, the parking lot is like a bumper cart ring with cars fighting for parking spots and people fighting to cross the streets. Second, the store is a mad house, all the time. Third, the food court isn't big enough to house all the people in there. This is the only costco in the NW valley and they desperately need another to ease some of this traffic.
4 I love Costco, almost to the point of being an obsession. I buy everything here.  Very clean store, nice and close to my house, and this one has a gas station and car wash.  Only downside (and this is with every Costco I've ever been too) is that it's always PACKED, long lines, hard to find parking. But, of course, if you shop here regularly you already know that going in.  Checkers don't seem like they want to converse, just want to get people through as fast as possible, which I don't mind because by the end of my trip I just want to get out of there.  Keep doing what your doing, Costco.
4 This Costco has everything...  Car wash, gas station, wow!  Busy as hell, but it is Costco.
4 I like Costco, and find that there are some surprises I love (e.g. Einstein Bagels), but there are two improvements I suggest; 1. Open earlier, or sell a membership that allows early entry (which is why I have a Sam's Club card-I rise early), and 2. Tie your purchases into points for gasoline credit (like other supermarkets), and you will draw significant traffic from them!
4 I love Costo, but this one is so busy ALL the time, and the close so early that there's no choice but to go right after work or on the weekends. I am a huge fan of Kirkland products, so it's worth it!
3 First off, I love Costco--have been going ever since I lived in CA & it was called Price Club.  This location is very clean & well-stocked, but I don't go as often as I'd like to because I live a 30-minute drive away in a senior community in the city of Surprise.  There is plenty of new housing & new retail in my area & I would be a weekly shopper if Costco were closer.  Also, this location's parking lot is just about bursting at the seems, even at 11 o'clock on a weekday morning.  Cashiers are very efficient but lines can be long, no matter what time of day--big downside.  That said, I do stock up, but I'd spend more and shop more often if it didn't take so much time.
5 Very clean location. Everyone there is always friendly as well. Typically busy on weekends and evenings. During weekdays not so bad. Same as any other location.
5 Blendtec is here till Tuesday! best blender ever with an 8 year warranty. It's my newest obsession!
