1 With so many Italian restaurants competing with each other around north Scottsdale, you'd think each one would be trying pretty hard to get your business. This place wasn't.   The food and service started out OK. The bread was good. The grilled vegetable salad was pretty good, although the zucchini could have been cooked a little more.  Then the meal went downhill. First, we lost our waiter to his girlfriend and her family that came in to eat at the next table. Then our food came. My calzone was composed mostly of  tasteless cheese and hardly any of the spinach, mushrooms or artichoke hearts that I added on at $1 a piece! It was bland. The side of marinara sauce was also, as was my husband's Pizza Salsa Cruda. The toppings were pretty scarce there too.  I wasn't looking for a super authentic-wow-my-socks-off Italian restaurant. I was just looking for a casual sit-down close to home, not expecting too much more than Olive Garden; but this place was a total waste of money and time.
2 Do you love extra mozzarella cheese? If you do, this place is exactly what you're looking for. Do you wish you could tell the pizza delivery dispatcher just how much cheese you'd really like on your pizza, but don't because they'd have to charge you for six toppings to get it right? Do you carefully separate the cheese from the pizza crust telling your companions it's the only good part anyway? Is the Mac in your home made Mac 'n Cheese just an afterthought? Are you from Wisconsin?  If you answered yes to any of these questions, then Nick's at Pinnacle Peak is your dream come true. Have a look at my pictures if you don't believe me. Baked ziti, barely visible under the gooey excellence of all that cheese. Chicken parm which is just an excuse as a flat object to pile on more cheese.  This Nick's is sit-down style with a full bar to whet your whistle with whatever you wish. The service was a bit slow, but entertainment is provided by people picking up furniture self-serve style from the suite next door. I went for lunch so the full-south facing windows without treatments made for a bit of glare, although the extra sun made my gobs of mozzarella glisten. Yeah, baby!  My companion ordered a soup and salad, and was pretty hungry after; the soup cup was small enough to be called demitasse. Not for the Hungry Man in your party.  A very unique experience, one to share with your cheese-lovin' friends.
4 As we drove up, it looked like any old strip mall joint and we weren't very excited about it from the outside. However that all changed when we walked through the door... It was a surprisingly nice decor and atmosphere. It didn't stop there, the food was great, the service was outstanding, the staff was friendly and the spot was extremely family friendly. We have an 18 month old and they looked after all of his needs and made sure he was taken care of as well as the rest of us.  We ordered the fish of the day (halibut), a couple of pizzas, minestrone, the Greek salad and a chicken special that was out of this world...
1 Wasn't crazy about this place... got take out pizza.... great, if u like under cooked doughy pizza...no bueno!
2 Nothing special and the owner is not too friendly.
5 Very good dinner...the Chicken Alfredo was outstanding and your always in good shape starting with a Moretti
3 I really like Nicks but every time I eat here I get cramps later on. I still go though, I think it's because their sauces are super rich and cheesy. I love the bread they bring out before the meal with olive oil. Very large pour on the happy hour martinis. My favorite dish here is the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken.
3 Food was good, I had the chicken pancetta. I rated it down a bit because of the overall food/ambiance. I dont feel it matched the prices they charged. It was $80 for dinner & wine for 2ppl. You aren't paying for atmosphere, so I'm not sure why the up charge. I think it should have been more in the $50 range.
1 Staff was unfriendly. Ordered the chicken and spinach tortellini and received 11 tortellini's for $16.00 that was served on a bread plate..  Asked the server if it was an appetizer size and he said no that is the full dinner. (that came with no salad/nothing)  The manager came over and said the same thing, when I told him the portion was too small for $16.00 he told me to order something else and shoved a menu at me. Bad service and expensive for really small portions.
4 Dined here several  times & have always had a good experience. Staff has mostly been accommodating of special requests (no sauce, no cheese). Food has been good. It is a bit expensive and therefore is not part of our regular dining rotation.
4 I really like this restaurant. I order something that must be specially prepared without some ingredients and the staff is always very accommodating.
1 Good food but we lately they can not get the to go orders right!   Nothing worse getting home with your order and it's not right! TWO TIMES AND A ROW!
3 A night out!  Ciopinno with marinara. Antipasto (without any salad). Minestrone soup. Spinach salad with grilled salmon.  What a spread!  The decor is artsy and tasteful. The service is above average. It's a great starter to evening.
1 We had the worst service tonight! "Happy"( the managers name) was SOOO rude. We had problem after problem all night and when we told him about it, he told us "that we were rude"??? No way to treat a customer......great way to LOSE a customer....we won't be back!
4 Ate there twice. Which means we chose to come back. 4 of the 5 of us grew up on Italian food ( mothers are Italian) and we gave it an authentic thumbs up. We will go back again
