1 I spent almost 500 dollars replacing my tires. As soon as the car was ready i got in the car had noticed my antenna was broken. I brought it too their attention and the manager said he would go through the camera footage to see if an employee had damaged it while replacing the tires. He called me back later and stated he found no footage of that. I just bought my car less than a month ago and I know what is wrong and not wrong. My antenna was just fine until after the tires were replaced at this establishment. Manager refused to take responsibility other then paying half of the cost to have the antenna replaced. I spent another $43.23 too have the antenna replaced. I will never go there again!!
1 I bought one of those specials on Living Social for 3 oil changes for $35 in one year.  Turns out is was some kind of coupon card that had the oil changes and a few other coupons like free engine light diagnostic, etc.  When buying the coupon I had to select a location so I chose this one because of its location and Sunday hours.  After receiving it I saw it also valid at a Big O location further east.  I will definitely be using that other location for my next oil change since I will never return to this one.  The first time I arrived on a Sunday around noon and was told they weren't scheduling any more oil changes that day.  So I asked for an appointment the following Sunday and was told they don't schedule appointments for oil changes and that I should be there as soon as they open.   Frustrated, I returned the following Sunday when they opened only to discover I was already 5th in line for service.  I was told it would be 2-3 hours and was asked if I wanted to stay.  But of course I had no choice really since I had already paid for these oil changes.     It took about 2 hours so I was happy it was closer to the beginning of the wait estimate and not the latter and left feeling like at the least I got my oil change.  Later that evening I am heading to the store and notice oil dripping on my driveway.  Of course by now they are closed and I had to be at work the next day.  My husband got under the car after getting home from work and found that they hadn't tightened the drain plug.  It was put in and finger twisted lightly but they never went back and tightened it all the way.   Over the next couple months I notice off and on an oil leak but since I was having other issues with my car (radiator, etc) I didn't think a whole lot of it.  However, when my husband went to work on my car last week he discovered oil all over the filter.  It looks light they had screwed it in there crooked and had been leaking as well.  But the real kicker was that he also discovered my low oil sensor was unplugged!!  Now, I can't say for certain that they unplugged it when they were working on my car but given the crappy work they performed on a simple oil change I can't help but wonder.  After reading the other review about the broken antenna I am even more suspicious.  Either way, it was a rushed crappy job not even worth the $10 paid with the coupon.  I won't trust them with another oil change let alone any larger repair in the future.
4 I also got one of those coupon things where they punch out each oil change for a year. There was a slight problem with the coupon. As a big note to everyone, this is not the fault of Big O Tires but the advertising agency that sold the coupon. I only state this as a warning to others. The person that sold it to me said that I could receive synthetic oil changes at no extra cost, just with 3 oil changes instead of 5. When I went to Big O, I told them this deal and they said that no such policy was true but they had heard this incorrect information before. They were so awesome that they honored that deal even though it wasn't the original policy! I was so pleased and grateful! They completed the oil change quickly and treated me with respect. :)  I came back another time after getting a huge screw in my tire. They fixed the tire for $17 or so and rotated my tires at no charge.   Sometimes they do get quite busy at maybe 1.5 - 2 hour wait for an oil change so call in before.   Despite these other less than great reviews, I can only tell you of what I experienced. These guys have been straight with me, friendly, and helpful. I'll keep you all updated on my later experiences if that should change but they've been great!
1 I thought that I might have found a replacement for Discount Tire. These guys were really close to my house, sold tires and did oil changes. So my daughter's car needed a front end alignment...why not try them. I looked online and called the number as it said I could make an appointment. Nice! Um...no. Called them and they said that they don't take appointments. Mmmm....k. So I asked how much an alignment was and they said 69.99. Cool! Great price! So I have my daughter drop her car off. When I pick it up....79.99 for the alignment.  I paid. I don't quibble about ten bucks, but I won't go back. Dishonesty may have gotten them ten washingtons....but it lost them my business. Forever. Discount Tire has yet to be beat as far as I am concerned. And it's too bad.
2 Alright, I called this place at 0745 and they said come down, no appointments, first come first serve. I got there at 0815, nobody but 2 people, vehicle bays only had 2 in  so I thought cool be out in a flash. My car didn't even make into the bay until 0945. Paperwork in hand out the door at 1014. That will be my last visit to this location. I'm not writing off Big-O for good, but I'm done with this location. Cool cats inside for customer service but the wait?
1 I've given this Big O close to $8,000 in business over the years. Between oil changes, several sets of tires, lifetime alignment plans etc. One of my friends used to own this location and my family has gone here for years. I can honestly tell you that I am not someone to write reviews but here it goes:  I took my Tacoma in there yesterday and asked them to do an oil change, rotation, alignment (i paid for the 3 year unlimited alignment plan) and because I just hit 150,000 miles, I wanted to get my spark plugs replaced. They gave me a price of $195. Now, I don't have a problem with the price but here is what happened.  1. They told me it would take less than 2 hours. It took 5 hours before I had to call them and ask what was going on. They said that the truck is ready. Ok I can understand that they might have gotten busy and they forgot. No biggie.   IM NOT UPSET AT THIS POINT. TOTALLY COOL AND RELAXED.  2. I get to Big O by having someone drop me off. I get inside and they tell me that they couldn't clear the lights on the dashboard because they had a code telling them that one of the cylinders was misfiring. Ok...  doesn't that mean they installed the spark plugs incorrectly? I brought the truck in with all cylinders firing.   So I went out the the truck and turned it on. The check engine light was on. The entire truck started shaking. WHAT THE HECK!?? So I put it in gear to see if that would smooth it out... Nope, it only got worse.   WHY DID THEY NOT NOTICE THIS? WHY DID THEY TELL ME IT WAS READY?  I took my keys back inside and told them that they needed to get it fixed and that I wasnt taking my truck in the condition its in.   Because it took them so long to do the so called repairs, there was no way to get the truck back that day. So I left it over night.   IM STILL NOT ANGRY AT THIS POINT. I just wanted my truck so I could go to work.   3. They said they would call me at 7 am when they opened and they would get their "master technician" on it ASAP.   I called them at 10 am. They didnt call me like they said they would. Put me on hold for nearly 5 minutes and came back to say that he had no idea what the problem was and that they were still working on it.   IM STILL NOT ANGRY AT THIS POINT. I just want an answer and my truck back.   4. At the end of the conversation, the manager decides to lay the groundwork for his manipulation and deceipt. He says to me "sometimes when we install spark plugs, it brings out some of the other underlying issues with the truck so we are just trying to figure out what was wrong with your truck before you brought it in".   HAHAHAHA NICE MOVE!    I told him that he shouldn't have said that and that I can see through his manipulation.   THIS IS WHAT PUSHED ME OVER THE EDGE.   Although I have an unlimited amount of alignments for the next 3 years, I will not be going back here.   My truck is still at the shop and even if I get it back today in good shape, the fact that I was mistreated and then they attempted to manipulate me into thinking it was my fault... I will not be going back here.
1 I had a dead battery so I called the store and they said they had my size so I drove right in. Surprise, surprise they were out of the battery at the price they quoted me but had another for just $50 more than their phone quote.  Every time I went into the store they always tried to up-sell me for something is didn't need or want. I checked with my regular mechanic and everything they recommended I didn't need.
1 NO Stars Here! First went to Discount Tire for slow leak in tire this past Sunday....Closed.  Found nearby Big O. that was open. I'll never go back ever!  Dirty, slow, unorganized shop area, like watching a 3 ring circus. staffed with amateurs wandering around aimlessly. Saw one take 10 minutes to wash his hands. another guy spent 15 minutes fixing the coupling on an air hose. 4 guys shared 1 air pressure gauge! nobody was wearing safety glasses or gloves. 2 hours later...my slow leaking tire was repaired. but wait.....there's more. tire needed to be inflated with nitrogen as noted by the green valve stem caps. I called them out on it and was told I should have requested nitrogen when I first got there and it was the techs first day and he was unaware of it. Nitrogen was additional charge.WTF! after mentioning that it's been close to 2 hours, he said it would be taken care of. In closing...STAY AWAY. SHOP ELSEWHERE.
2 Beware of attempts to "Up sell," when using coupon for service. Told me I needed an alignment following an oil change. I declined and had the vehicle checked at the local dealership and another auto shop (Sun Devil). Both told me the alignment was near perfect and no adjustment was necessary. Kudos to Sun Devil...Look out! to Big O...pete
1 I will never come here again! I had a nail in my tire and I wanted it patched. They said it didn't have enough tread left and that I needed to buy a new tire. That tire had less than 1000 miles on it and the nail was in the "fixable" zone. I took it to another tire shop and they said it was definitely fixable and I was on my way with a fixed tire within the hour. Big O is only interested in selling you tires you don't need and making money. Also wanting 200 dollars for the exact same tire that's 100 at walmart is just ludacris. You've lost my business forever.
2 I only go to big O tires for oil changes. This is because they often have a great price on a basic oil change. Inevitably, after my main service is done they come out with a laundry list of things that I should have done to my vehicle. This includes various flushes and services none of which are inexpensive and I suspect often unnecessary. Some Big O locations are better  (or worse) than others. I find the personnel at this location to be particularly lax in their attention to detail. I brought my Chevy S 10 there for an oil change and asked them to check on an ABS light that was coming on, and also a leak that I noticed. They mentioned several areas the leak "could" be coming from and although they noted the ABS light being, they did not identify why this was happening. The offer to bring it back into the shop (at an additional charge) and identify the problem. At this point I was just ready to leave. Troy was the representative that helped me, and although he was polite enough, he seemed disengaged and indifferent to the circumstances. Out of convenience I will return there for oil changes only. I've had bad service at this location but I'm able to overlook it if the price is right on simple service.
