1 Just to let everyone who reads this know, I didn't actually sign a lease here, and this review is basically just to tell you why.  The "apartments" which are actually condos for rent, aren't very nice.  The floor plan doesn't make any sense, and the place is really old.  The biggest issue that I had here was the staff.  They were rude and complete ignorant.  The woman that showed us around (more like pointed and told us to have a look while her lazy self watched us show our selves around) looked like she had just gotten out of bed and slipped on some flip flops.  The other guy that completely ignored us while we stood at the front entrance waiting to be helped while the other woman was in the middle of a meeting with some potential renters was in a pair of ripped jeans, an abercrombie shirt and flip flops!  COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL.  One of the things that suprised me the most was the fact that the woman that showed us around brought her phone with her and started texting while "showing" us around.  It was only like a 10 minute walk, I think the texting could wait.  Happy to say, I won't be going back there ever again.
4 As a regular visitor to the Phoenix area, I have to disagree with the other negative reviewers.  I've stayed at Bella Terra a number of times over the past few years and I'm always impressed with the upkeep and cleanliness of the grounds.  In all of my visits, I've needed help from the staff only twice, but both times they've been helpful and attentive.  The facilities are well-maintained and the location is mere minutes away from golf courses, walking and biking trails, shopping and restaurants.    Most of the neighbors have been quite friendly...the only disgruntled folks I've met are angry because their real-estate values have plummeted over the past few years.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
1 No way would I live here again!  This is not a gated community for starters.  You should stay away just for that reason alone!  The pool is small.  The a/c units are  right next to the bedroom window.  If you are a light sleeper like I am, you are screwed!  I never even noticed it until I tried to get to sleep that first night and then it was too late!  The exercise room is a joke!  Many people bought condos here when the market dipped and some only paid around 50-70K.  That should tell you what kind of people live here.  A lot of these condos are rented out and the owners do not have any kind of criteria they have to abide by.  Two convicted felons ended up moving in next door to me and they played their music really loud ALL THE TIME.  I was scared to say anything so I just had to put up with it.
1 Living at the Bella Terra and having the front office as the property management has been a horrible experience.  I have had several major maintenance issues that have gone unresolved and I have had to pay to have them fixed myself.  This includes broken shower valves and stopped up sinks.  Additionally, the front office manager never returns phone calls and is completely unresponsive to requests.  If you rent here and don't use the front office as the property management it may be a better experience, but I would strongly recommend that no one rent here if the front office acts as the property management.   When my toilet wasn't working, I notified the front office on a Thursday and was told they couldn't have anyone out until the following Tuesday! Completely unacceptable.  This is only one of many examples.
5 I rented in Bella Terra for several months and it was one of the best places I've lived in the Phoenix area.  The grounds are absolutely beautiful and the HOA is one of the most attentive and action oriented in town.  The pool is amazing and very well taken care of and the workout facility, while small, is also well kept.  I would advise against dealing with the on-site mgmt company for any rentals as I've never had a good experience with them but if you find a listing on the MLS that you like I wouldn't hesitate to call Bella Terra home.  I've also lived at some of the local comparable properties including Villas at Stonecreek and Milano Terrace and would choose Bella Terra time and again, hands down.  I can't imagine what has got into some of these folks with the overly negative reviews but from dealing with tenants I can tell you they tend to have a flair for the dramatic.  You shouldn't expect a 500k condo and amenities for $1000/mo but if you are looking for a beautiful and affordable option this place is the best!
