5 Honest, reliable quick service..Bo really knows about BMW's in and out..i got my 528i E39 serviced there and am very pleased with the work.
5 Fantastic service. I've used Bo for my son's 325i, my daughter's MX5, and now my M3 convertable. I keep buying BMWs because I know Bo will keep everything serviced and at grreat prices, too!!
5 Bo was always good to us. Have had a couple BMW's and they had higher mileage and had their issues. Bo was always upfront and fair and did not gouge us. I can do light mechanic work myself... and he would be honest on the things I could probably do at home.
5 If you have a BMW out of warranty, this is the guy to go to. Bo's worked on my 1990 535i for 10 years now (I have 359,500 miles on it!), and he's absolutely the most honest and sharpest mechanic I've ever used. He simply knows everything there is to know about BMWs. Plus, his labor rate is very reasonable, he finds as good a deal as he can on parts and he 100% stands behind his work. I wouldn't consider taking my BMW anywhere else for service.  And on top of all of that, he's just a great guy to work with.
5 Love Bo's  I recently purchased a used BMW and the dealer gave us a list of over $3500 to fix everything needed.. Bo checked out the car and it cost less than $400... Also he is quick dependable and wont "make things up" like the dealership, He will give you an honest answer. He knows his stuff.  A guy at the airport recommended him to me who was driving the same SUV as me. imagine that.. word of mouth is best!!!
5 Bo IS the man. He has done extensive work on both my Z4M Coupe and 330Ci, and consistently does excellent work at very fair prices. He's very accommodating with your schedule and won't blow smoke up your skirt. His office wall is peppered with a zillion BMW certifications and awards. It's a 2-man shop where they know the cars they work on, and know their customers. Bo earns Brak's coveted 25-star rating.
5 Great experience! So happy to have found Bo's   Great referral from a gearhead neighbor... :-) I am done paying far too much to take care of my Beemer! Thank you for quick reliable service.
