5 Fry's is where I do ALL my grocery shopping. They have everything, and pretty cheap. Getting a Fry's VIP card is amazing. It saves you lots of money. I think it's alot cheaper than some of the other grocery stores.  Also, one of the best things is self-check out. i know most places have it, but there are still some grocery stores that don't.
5 The Baseline location of Fry's is not only convenient but clean.
4 Since this isn't a normal Fry's I enjoy coming to it.   I love the Marketplace and enjoy seeing a different variety of items, especially out door items.  The store is very clean and the staff are very respectful. Over all nice to go to.
4 Great store, clean and friendly workers. It's a smaller Fry's so there isn't a lot of variety but worth shopping there anyway.
4 I love frys. it is where i do all my grocery shopping. they are always really friendly and its a place i can go and get out really fast. :)
4 Love this Fry's! Same quality products as other Fry's and Kroger stores but smaller store.  Staff is friendly. I like the greeters! And Stella is super sweet and helpful at the self-checkout. She likes to chat.   Anyway, this is my neighborhood store and it actually feels like a neighborhood store. Same associates, same managers, and they seem to recognize me too!   I love buying deli meats and different cheeses at the fresh deli counter. And let's not forget the gas points! It's super cool when I earn $2 off per gallon. Don't freak out. 2000 gas points is easily attainable for a young family. I rarely spend $2000 to get to 2000 gas points. I buy the gift cards and get 2-4x the gas points! That's how I do it...  Just today the produce section received a makeover! Very nice! Looks like a high end farmer's market in here! Produce is nicely arranged on cherry wood displays. Photo coming soon!  This is my store.
5 Have been going to this grocery store for 20+ years. Clean, well-staffed, huge aisles, plenty of parking. Kind of the standard for chain grocery stores. Not as fancy as a Whole Foods, so no Grade A deli and no exceptional prepared foods section. But again, this is a chain, and for a chain, it's A+.
5 This is a smaller fry's, but clean, nice selection, friendly staff, & easy to navigate.
3 It's Fry's.  Nothing special.  Not like the one on Tatum (which is very upscale).  Good produce, good variety, reasonable prices.  What you expect from Fry's.
2 Best selection of food in the area. Sadly, the shitty customer service skills of your cashiers make it less than desirable to shop at.
2 Stopped to get gas, paid cash. The pump automatically starts going slow a dollar away from your end amount. VERY VERY SLOW. Like I could have read "War and Peace" while getting gas slow.
2 This place has really gone down hill lately. They self checkouts only work about half the time and if you go past about 9pm they are the only checkouts open. It's been so bad lately that I have been avoiding this Frys
