5 Love the energy here, I get flowers from here alot, and they are always BEAUTIFUL and fresh.
5 Been here a few times to get my hair cut usually by Liz, she always does a great job with my hair, which is curly and generally uncooperative. You get a neck and scalp massage before they wash your hair, and it's an Aveda salon so of course it all smells awesome. There's the full run of Aveda stuff for sale as well, and while they're knowledgeable of products, they're never pushy about selling you stuff.  They offer you a drink of coffee or tea while you wait to be seen. I've never had any need to order flowers, so I can't review that part of things. Seems like there's a variety of things to choose from, and it always smells nice :D
5 I always have a tough time having my hair cut.. I always leave crying. NOT THIS TIME!!! LeeAnne gave me a neck and shoulder massage which calmed me down. She cut my hair exactly the way I wanted. I made my husband go with me because I get really nervous and they were also very polite to him. Very nice to have Liz welcome you as you walk in. Very nice girls. You gotta come here!!!
2 I've been going to this place for a couple of years. I have yet to experience an issue until recently. I had a 4:30 appointment and was running a bit late, I gave a courtesy call and let them know I was right down the street. Typically, this wouldn't be an issue, but that wasn't the case this time.  I understand the fact that I was late, my own fault. However, I was informed that my hair stylist was in the middle of coloring someone else's hair and had two more afterward. Which tells me:  1.) The courtesy call gave the receptionist an opportunity to cop an attitude and cancel my appointment because the hair stylist was behind 2.) If I would have shown up, someone else probably would have had their appointment canceled.  Had I shown up on time, I'd have been waiting anyway.   My 40 mile one-way drive was for nothing.   Nothing against my stylist, I've always been happy with the work she did. Unfortunately, I will not be returning due to the attitude I got from the lady on the phone.   If you want a good haircut or hairstyle and don't mind being treated like crap if you happen to courteously call in, I'd recommend this place.
