5 Their tamales are so good! I miss their breakfast burritos and street tacos as well. Everything is so flavorful and well seasoned. It's the best Mexican food in Mesa by far and I highly recommend it. The only thing to remember is that it's closed on Sundays.
4 I was told about Rudy's by a friend some months ago, and although it was really far away for me, I wanted to give it a try because of his enthusiastic vocal review and $4.50 burritos, and I finally got around to trying the place. Rudy's has traditional Mexican food like menudo, "street tacos" (4 for $5.00 and 99 cents each on Tuesdays), and a LARGE variety of combo plates. I definitely think you'll find something you'll like!  Rudy's is tucked into a nook to the right of Albertson's, Ellsworth and Baseline in Mesa. Dine in or take out, the place is spartan but accommodating enough for many people and has a mounted TV. There's also an umbrella'd table outside. It's a family business, and the daughters help out. I recommend eating in.  I had the steak burrito, and the ingredients are pure, predictable and delicious. It lacked some zing that I like, so I added some Tapatio, but if you're looking for the pure ingredients and their flavors, they're all there. I think next time I'll have the marinated pork, as I really like red chile. The dishes are simple, pleasing to the eyes and delicious. The burritos aren't as big as Chipotle, but they don't have to be, and the price is just right and that's the main appealing factor. I would say that the burrito NEARLY hit the spot as far as filling my belly, but maybe that's just me. I wanted just a little bit more, but I didn't want the bloat I get from a Chipotle burrito.  What I noticed most uniquely was the fresh, aromatic and pleasing smell and taste of the tortilla! Sounds strange I know, but it's definitely worth telling you about.  Bottom line: Help this family achieve the American dream, have a meal at Rudy's! They and your mouth will thank you!
4 "How have I lived without their green sauce all my life?"  This place is just around the corner so we stop in every now and again. Rudy - the owner is super friendly as are the rest of his staff, his family.   My favorite is a bean and cheese burrito that I dump their green sauce into. BUT their tacos and tamales are delicious too. I haven't really had anything I didn't like.   If you're in the area stop in and try it!
5 Best Mexican food in the valley. I go there every week and that's because I force myself not to go more. It's a local mom and pop restaurant with really good prices. Buritos cost $4.50, I HIGHLY recommend the shrimp and carne assada, these are my favorite! But the shrimp is very special, it's an orgasmic experience! Also they make their horchata and meat is cooked to order. They are very friendly, and the place is very clean.
5 Excellent food, excellent service! We've been going to Rudy's for a couple of years now. It's the best Mexican food in the East valley. We absolutely love the chicken taquitos and the variety of burritos. It's family owned and operated and they treat us like family whenever we come in.
5 This is my new favorite place for Mexican food. Great food. Great price. Always friendly. We love eating Rudy's as takeaway since the seating is limited and we can call it in. Street tacos are good, Chimi's are great, and I love both types of hot sauce.
4 Great food. a little overpriced i think, 4 burritos, 1 order of chips, small side of quac. over 40.00 dollars, food was good, i would go back, just couldn't eat there often
4 This little Mexican eatery is tucked away in a strip mall.  I only stumbled upon it by having to go to Albertsons.  I wasn't terribly hungry but I can never pass up a taco joint.  The interior was decorated nice and authentic.  They even had futbol playing on a TV which several of the patrons (including myself) were excited about.  I opted for one taco, the Carne Asada Supreme Soft Taco.  The meat was perfectly seasoned and juicy.  Loaded with cheese, lettuce, tomato and sour cream.  I topped this bad boy with their homemade hot sauce which was muy bien!  I washed it all down with an ice cold lime Jarritos on the front patio.  Was definitely a good choice to stop in.  I may be back tomorrow for a burrito!
4 Decent burritos that are large and inexpensive.  I tried the shrimp burrito ($5.50) which had a lot of fresh vegetables, rice, and lettuce in it.  There were a lot of whole pan fried shrimp in the burrito, and they were cooked perfectly.  I also tried a large horchata ($1.89), which was decent, but a bit too powdery/chalky for my taste.  However, I did like that it wasn't overly sweet.
5 If you are looking for a GREAT family owned place to get some excellent Mexican food look no further!  This place is awesome from the authentic selection of meats to fill your tacos and burritos with to the handmade chunky guacamole that is made for EACH person as they order it right in front of you!  The owner Rudy himself is always nice and welcomes you with a smile.  The restaurant is staffed with his family members and they are always quick and very helpful.  The carne asada is some of the best I have ever had!  Not much seating inside and they do have some outside but we usually just get it to go and enjoy it at home.  They have AMAZING tamales but don't always have them in stock so don't forget to ask!  Overall this is one of if not my absolute favorite place to get a burrito and some handmade guac!
5 This place is the best! I doubt they have anything on there menu you won't like!!! The prices are really awesome as well!
3 Three star burrito place.  We drove a while to get here, not worth the drive.    My daughter had a sausage breakfast burrito, and it was kinda puny and tasteless.  I had a chili rellano burrito, and it was soggy.  Would I drive all that way back for one of their mediocre burritos?  No way.  If I was close, maybe I would go in.  On a better note, their green salsa is the best I've ever had.
5 Close to our house and so glad!!!! The Street taco's are the best!  This is a place you will be returning too.
3 3.5 stars....I gotta say, the carne asada burrito was good..Its def.  not like filib's would put out, this on has sour cream , cheese, lettuce,beans and rice along with the carne asada.  I Have to admit, the asada was a little on the skimply side.. VERY skimpy...   rice was a little stale.. but all in all it was good.  Will try the street tacos next and the shrimp burrito.. Get rid of all the filler foods, give the burrito carne asada.. the little I had was incredible!  almost like americas tacos ...
5 Eat here about once a week.
4 The Super Burrito and Taco Salad were amazing. It's a nice small restaurant with a walk up counter. Even if you don't live in the neighborhood, it's worth the drive.
4 First time was great!  Second time was AWESOME!  Service was quick for lunch, had an enchilada with green sauce - wonderful!  Will be back!
5 To say that I was pleasantly surprised would be an understatement and a half. While I love a good greasy burrito (Filibertos), Rudy and his clan have managed to capture all that is right in a burrito, without making me feel like a debased heathen after consumption. Their Super Burrito is the only thing you should order. Anything less would be uncivilized. For the price, you won't find a better burrito. Thank you Rudy!
5 Great food, great people, and great prices!  It is my new favorite and it is close to my house!
4 been here 3 times my boyfriend eats the carne asada regular tacos..  i have had the super taco.. in carne asada  and another time chicken.. the chicken seemed under cooked but it wasnt.. so kinda werid..  I came from living in NYC (the king of street tacos and taco trucks)  So Rudy's was very close to authentic..  I had their churro too YUM!   their Horchatas were just ok ok.. ive had better..  I would come here again as my boyfriend loves this place and he is picky ( i mean he cannot have onions in his food and the regular carne asada tacos arent cooked with onions- whew)  we also ordered beans and cheese nachos.. its just refried beans and shredded cheese.. no big deal but the chips were warm n good :)
5 Rudy's Rocks! Best Mexican Cuisine,,, street tacos are delicious!
4 GREAT!!!! it looks like a old subway in a strip mall but the food is very good...very busy when I was there, street taco's are great...4 carne asada tacos $5 other food looked good...a great lunch spot r fr some quick "GOOD" Mexican
4 Glad to find this place the tamales were so good. It's hard to find a place with decent ones. One thing though is they are in limited stock so they may be out if you go too late. According to the staff you can place large holiday tamale orders a week in advance. The burrito was pretty good too and price was great!
5 I have been eating at Rudy's at least once a week for over 5 years. My wife's favorite Mexican food item is a chile relleno and she has had them at dozens of restaurants.  She says no one makes them better then Rudy.  I'm partial to the carne asada burro, taquitos and egg &  chorizo burro which you can get all day.  Here you get to watch Rudy and his clan make your food right in front of you.  You don't have to wonder what is going on in the back, is the cook smoking or are the roaches crawling all over the kitchen like you have to do in the typical Phoenix area taco shop.
5 Rudy's is the best Mexican food place in the East Valley! Blows Filabertos out of the water! The tortillas are fresh, the meat is of good quality and the sauce is authentic! You cant beat the price, $3 for a delicious bean and cheese on a fresh tortilla! My fav! Definitely worth the drive!
5 I bought a Groupon.com deal for this restaurant... I am so happy I did!  They had amazing food and it was super cheap! Get the green sauce, your life will be changed forever! :) Staff was very friendly and the food came out quick!  Churros are good here (most places churros are soggy or overcooked), they had the perfect crispyness to them!
2 It seems you only get base model features for a luxury price at Rudy's.   Rudy's Burritos does NOT live up to its hype! These overinflated ratings are proof that the far East Valley is still yearning for a quality Southern-California style burrito joint to deliver great border-town Mexican fancy and spiced-up comfort food at a price that's reasonable. Unfortunately, Rudy's does not succeed in the eyes (and mouth) of this experienced burrito-shack groupie.   I walked into this small eatery with high hopes. I love all shapes and sizes of Mexican food establishments, from hole-in-the-walls to name-brand franchises to street-side food carts. Nothing gets me more excited than a lonely burrito shop squeezed into the obscure corner of a strip mall. On the outside, Rudy's had everything going for it...a basic store front, minimal signage, and a small patio with only a couple tables and some wobbly, weather-worn chairs. Definitely one of my favorite sights!   However, I was thrust back into the world of the mundane once I encountered the unenthusiastic staff of 2 women running the place the night I went. Both women failed to greet my party, even when it was our turn at the counter to order, and with only 1 person ahead of us, who herself had ordered just 1 burrito and a handful of street tacos "to go", it managed to take the elder of the 2 employees (the only one actually cooking) nearly 20 minutes to serve the first customer and start preparing our food. Thankfully, we were not in a hurry!  While I didn't go in expecting anything life changing, I did hope for more than the bland, boiled shredded beef and sparsely "filled" burritos and tacos we received.  I was also charged for guacamole that they couldn't provide and they refused to give me a refund, even though it was only 50 cents!  Ultimately, there wasn't enough uniqueness at the heart of any of the dishes we tried to make them memorable and the prices felt completely unjustified.  I'm happy to spend double what we spent here on a good quality burrito, so believe me when I say the "comida" is not worth the cost!  Between the food, the prices and the (lack of) service, I felt completely cheated out of the unique food experience that I had hoped for.   In the end, the food was average, the delivery was plain, the atmosphere was nearly hostile and both the décor and service were less than flattering.  I left with the realization that I could have spent the same money elsewhere and received better food and a better experience overall.   It's on to the next burrito joint for me...
3 Carne asada was good. Chimichanga was disappointing. Horchata was fine. Fish taco ok. Beans & rice was blah, red sauce was good green was runny.fake guacamole on the chimichanga, chips & Salsa was chips & hot sauce. Came with friends from California who know great Mexican. & they call foul.
4 Very happy to have found this place! The food is great!
4 I have been eating at Rudys for a little over a year now and we continue to go back! The best thing on their menu is breakfast! We always get the chorizo burrito and its made to perfection every time! Weve had the breakfast tacos before which are average but it has fries in the actual taco which is cool. We have tried dinner there twice and it was gross! Each time I couldnt believe it! So what Im saying is that Rudys is the best breakfast burrito place in east mesa! Id leave dinner to someone else.
3 I came here because I was in the area and it was highly rated.  I had jus had Mexican food night before, lol, so here I go again.  I ordered cheese enchiladas which came with rice and beans.  The person who took my order was very friendly.  The place is very narrow and next to Albertson,s.  They do make use of the space here... It lost a star because the tables were not tidy and I had to search for napkins!
4 Great food for the price!!! Definitely not authentic mex but hey I love tex mex just as much as the next guy!
1 Only redeeming factor was red sauce.  The refried beans were tasteless slop.... more like lard soup with a few mashed beans thrown in. Also tasted "off"  The rest of our meal (chicken enchiladas) were edible but a far cry from the quality available elsewhere.  Even though the place was not full, we couldn't find a clean table and had to wipe ours off with some damp napkins before feeling like we wanted to sit down.  We went to this establishment because there were a number of good reviews and it's close to the Mesa Swap Meet.  After eating there we wonder if all the good reviews were from relatives and friends, OR if it's changed owners because this place is definitely below average.  Sorry to say another local place we refuse to support.
4 Got hungry for a taco while driving back from the Covalent surfboard factory by the Mesa Gateway airport.  Yelp suggested Rudy's.  I tried and loved the California Burrito which is terrific carne asada with potatoes, peppers and other stuff.  I had them roll it with the red hot sauce already in to make it easier to eat on the go.  Rudy had a steady flow of customers while I was there mid-afternoon so must be popular with locals.  Fairly nice inside for a taqueria.  Looks like it was a new take-out pizza place that went out of business and then Rudy took it over.  I'm sure this is a huge improvement over the previous tenant :-)
5 Still a great place to eat. A little further from Los Tacos in AJ (home for me) since Los Tacos closed, i frequent here more often..  It is good.. I want to add that their green corn tamales are GREAT!    their Green sauce seems to be a popular choice here on YELP's reviews. I like it a lot too!  I plan to order more tamales for the holidays! hurrah!
4 There was a day a couple weeks ago that suddenly, I woke up and wanted to explore east Mesa and Apache Junction.  Why?  I have no idea.  But I am glad I found Rudy's.  Based on the yelp reviews I tried the carne asada burrito which was stuffed full of tender meat and rice, beans, and lettuce.  And also I am very susceptible to ads painted on windows, so I tried an order of the beef taquitos.  The taquitos were light and crispy on the outside and full of tender beef.  So tender I had to tell myself to "Chew your food, you savage."    The young woman working at the front counter was friendly and happy to answer a couple of questions I had.  I look forward to hitting this joint again, either before or after some hiking at Lost Dutchman State Park.
1 No bueno!! I dont recommend this place. Its no where near authenic mexican food.
4 Decided to veer from our typical breakfast burrito spot and try something new this morning. I must say, this was one tasty breakfast burrito! My hubby and I both had a bacon, potato and egg burrito which came with beans on it as well. I wasn't too sure about the refried beans, but it added a nice texture and another level of flavor along with the perfectly spiced hot sauce. The potatoes were basically French fries, which in my opinion made it especially sinful...god I wish they were open late night for that vodka fueled burrito fix! All and all, we both inhaled our breakfast and vowed to return for more next weekend :)
5 Yum!  Had the street tacos delicious. Husband had the lunch burrito al Pastor.  It was huge and he said very good and only $4.95!  The place is small, 5 or 6 tables. Definitely worth a try.
4 Great burritos. Affordable, and fast, consistent service.  Why eat at Taco Bell across the way when you can have a REAL burrito here? Not really the place to take a date, and has a cafeteria feel but heck the food is good, and the prices are even better.
3 Was told about this place by a friend.  That they had THE BEST burritos.  My kids and I drove 30 minutes to try it.  The service was very friendly.  My favorite part of the experience actually!  Tried: California Burrito - the tortilla was amazing.  The meat had a bit of grizzle.  There were to many, very thick french fries  Vegetarian Burrito - my 10 year old loved it and finished the entire thing  Bean & Cheese Burrito - my 8 year old was happy  Fish Taco - didn't look that good.  Was like a fish stick with sauce and cabbage.  My son ate the entire thing though  Carne Asada Taco/Crunchy - would not recommend the crunchy shell.  Didn't look as good as the soft shell.
4 Skip Taco Bell that's in the same parking lot and get some quality food for about the same price
5 Updated review.... I have moved to Texas since I wrote my first review on Rudy's Burritos. My son says we should live here so we can eat at Rudy's every day. (he really means EVERY DAY!) Or we should win the lottery and pay Rudy to move to where we live now. He could live on Rudy's bean & cheese burrito. Rudy is so nice. The customer service is awesome, always has been.I have had several items on their menu, from bean and cheese burritos to chorizo and eggs, to the yummy delcious california burro to tamales that melt in your mouth to.... YUM! Their street tacos are devine... Their tortillas are chewey yummy goodness. I highly recommend stopping in if you're in the area and like Mexican food. If you don't like Mexican food, you may stil like it, cause it's that damn good!!!
5 This place is way better than filibertos, the carne asada is amazing. Try the California burrito, I've never had a burrito taste so good! I'll be a regular now for sure!!
5 Monday is fish tacos for $.99 each (normally $2.69 each)!  Great little Mexican restaurant.  Family-owned.
4 Pretty darn good.  Had pork tamales.  Very good.  They looked a little questionable, but the taste was AWESOME!  Good prices for good portions.
3 I tried this place out the first time yesterday - i ordered the chicken enchilada combo with red sauce to go. It was pretty good- I think I will try the steak tacos next time -they look delicious on the sign. I was a little disappointed that they had all of sides in metal containers in the front.. But the rice was fresh so it was ok. Will try them again in the future.
5 Love love love love LOVE this place. Small family owned business with DELICIOUS food. The people are always very friendly and will always strike a conversation. Definitely my favorite place to go if I want take out.
5 Wonderful! Have been coming here for years. Love their shrimp burritos.  Friendly people and very hard working.
5 I just moved to the area and love it here! The bean burros are so good! The tamales are fantastic! Everything I have tried has been excellent!
