1 Office management staff is rude and inconsiderate.  Trying to win in a no win situation.  We dropped by when my wife had an infection in her ear and asked if we would be seen it was about 4 in the afternoon.  The office manager said no, however one of the desk clerks found a 430 canceled appointment.  The office manager came up to her to reaffirm that we could not take my wife as a walk up even though we have been patients for 8 years.  Thanks alot to the desk girl that helped us out.  Thumbs down for the office manager.  The PA is great, however the Dr im not so sure about.  Precribed a sulfa based antibiotic which she had a reaction to.  A full body rash.  This is the most common problem with this drug.  So why not start with something smaller and known to be safer.  Additionally my father in law went there for swelling on his leg and he gave him an antibiotic and sent him on his way.  When we asked shouldnt he go to the hospital he said no.  He died the next week from the staph infection in the leg and kidney failure.  Although he did have terminal cancer with proper medical treactment of stronger iv antibiotics he would have most certainly made it  a little longer .
1 The doctors are good, but not any better than other doctors. Getting an appointment on short notice is difficult. There phone is almost always busy, very long waits on hold to talk to anyone. Very poor customer service when trying to get prescription refill orders. Very poor customer service by office staff. The office staff gave us the impression that they are too busy to help us and do not care about us as customers. My advice it to find a different family doctor.
4 If you see Dr. Hoag you will not be disappointed with your visit! He takes the time to listen and takes really good notes of your concerns, you can tell he is in this field for his desire to help people, he follows through quickly and will call you with results in good time too! I have been to many doctors in the past few months and he doesn't give up or quickly give an answer without taking the time to listen. I'm very happy to have found him!
4 I have been going here for about 10 years. Dr. Hoag is awesome. He listens and does everything he can to help. He definitely goes above and beyond. All of the techs have been great also. The front office staff could work on their smiles and some customer care classes wouldn't hurt.
