5 Bar none the best.  Our event was so much fun. We got an enhanced package with lights, dancers, an MC and a DJ. Rick was fantastic and the dancers and MC made our party. Our friends and family danced the night away.  I've been to smaller events where Rick was the DJ and that party was a total blast too. These guys rock!
1 Bar none the worst!!!  I have been waiting months to write this review.  I need my daughters Bat Mitzvah to be over before sharing my awful experience with Living Energy.  If you thinking about hiring Living Energy for party planning, DJ services, or lighting, read this review first.  I hired Toby to be my party planner.  She had a flat fee contract of $3,500 and she promised to not mark up the contracts that she negotiated on our behalf.  This sounded reasonable to me and I signed the contract.  The initial planning sessions went well.  We picked out a venue for the event and solidified a contract.  Then the pressure started to hire her DJ through Living Energy.  I went to 3 different Mitzvah's to watch their DJ's and ALL the parties were flat and lame.  They tried to make excuses, but their DJ's were terrible!!  Go see them before you hire them!!  Not wanting to create an uncomfortable situation, we decided to hire a band - Sapphire Sky (they are amazing!!).    After we had picked the venue and the band, now was time for the "event extras."  These are things like lighting, décor, a photo station, tattoo artist, airbrush artist, food items, video truck rental, etc.  This is where the real trouble started!!  First, Toby gave me a RIDICULOUS contract for lighting through none other than Living Energy.  It was $5,000 more than I ended up spending and she put a heavy pressure on me to sign the contract.  Then came the contracts for the photo station and airbrush artist.  All were around $1,000 more than I ended up spending for her "preferred vendors."  Then came the décor package - another $3,000 more than I ended up spending.  I sat down with her and told her that the total cost was not in my budget.  I looked at each item and asked simple questions like ..."Why does an airbrush artist cost $450 and hour without supplies??"    Finally, I went around her and called my the companies on my own, and found out that she was dramatically marking up the prices on EVERY ITEM!!!  I have no proof that she was getting a kick-back from these companies, but I can tell you that I ended up with more services and saved over $14,000 from her original contracts.  Needless to say, as soon as I told her that I was not using Living Energy for the lighting or her other vendors, she fired me.  My question is this ... If Toby made her money from her $3,500 planning fee and did not mark up other contracts, why would she fire me for negotiating contracts on my own??    I strongly recommend that people planning their child's Bar or Bat Mitzvah spend a few minutes and check the sanity of the pricing that they get from Living Energy.  They are not honest and their DJ quality is lacking.  I am happy to help anyone planning a with the vendors that I used.  Feel free to email me at zoneraich@gmail.com for information.
5 I have had the pleasure of attending parties that were produced by Living Energy, and the events were AMAZING. Living Energy lives up to their name. They keep the energy level high and make sure all of the guests are involved and having a great time. I was impressed the first time I saw what they could do. I even spoke to some of their staff afterwards and they were very friendly and answered any questions I had about their services. On a side note: I recognized the email address left by the one person that left a negative review on here, and as a vendor myself I looked it up in my email archive. Turns out it was the same person  who contacted me to work her event, and long story short this person was impossible to work with (nut-case). So much so, I finally ended up refusing to work her event. She has no business leaving negative a review of a businesses when she is the clearly the problem. Definitely check out what Living Energy has to offer, you'll be glad you did.
5 My team and I were extremely analytical in our search for an event production company to handle our large corporate gala. After reviewing all the proposals Living Energy kept making the top of the list. Once we decided to move forward with Living Energy we knew our event was in good hands. During the event pre production process they helped us nail down every detail and avoid many pitfalls we could not foresee. The event turned out first class and the guests are still expressing their love for our gala! Thank you Living Energy for everything your team did to make our celebration amazing and we couldn't be happier we picked you as our vendor. All the best!
5 I really enjoyed working with Living Energy. Their professionalism and attention to detail during my event was beyond amazing!   The team at Living Energy worked seamlessly together to make sure our event was awesome! I would highly recommend this team for any event. A huge thank you for a job well done!
