4 I found this place on Yelp and I am so glad that I did. First off I have to say these guys know what they are talking about. We had an instance where a lava lamp broke and splilled on a carpet. Granted the task at hand, they quoted us a very nice quote. Anderson, ( think that was his name) worked his tail off to do a great job. Like I said, it was not an easy job and would have to say that he got 85% of the stain out of the carpet. I was expecting more like 60%. They were timely, efficient, and gave great customer service. I would recommend them and when I need my carpets cleaned. You can bet they will be the one cleaning my carpets. Thanks for a great job! My carpet looks almost new after your cleaning.
4 These guys did about as good of a job as I could expect.  Didn't work any miracles, my carpet still has some spots that didn't come up completely so I can't give them five stars.  I was impressed with how hard Farhad worked, he really was busting his butt.  They did a good job on my rooms and couch.  Would use them again in the future.
5 Great job.  Fred and his partner showed up on time, provided a reasonable price, and did a nice job getting the major stains out.    Fred was professional, friendly and qualified.   I would use them again and recommend them.
5 I recently had F&F at our home for a second time.  They have done such a great job I feel bad I didn't review them the first time.  On both occassions they were professional, prompt and very knowledgable.  Last year when they were here I almost considered replacing the carpet but I thought I would try just getting them cleaned first.  (I have relatively new carpet, a nice vacuum and I vacuum once to twice a week but they just looked awful.) After having F&F clean our caprets our flooring honestly looked brand new - I didn't even want to walk on them. I also appreciate that they gave me a few pointers to prolong the time between cleaning.  I had never heard of using a carpet "rake" prior to vacuuming but I took his recommendation and spent $10 at Home Depot; my carpet has never been cleaner.    Now I just need to make an appointment to have our tile done. Thanks F&F!
5 I recently contacted F & F Cleaning for an estimate on a 3-piece sectional.  I submitted the request on Sunday, and was called to schedule an appointment within a few hours!  The next day (Monday) Farhad, one of the owners, came to my home and gave me a fair estimate.  He did the work right after we agreed on the price, and about an hour or two later, the sectional looked new again!  Iadmit, I was skeptical he would be able to get the stain out, but he assured me it was possible.  I recommend F & F Cleaning for any service they provide because their customer service is top notch!
5 F and F not only cleaned my Persian rugs about a year ago and they still look amazing but now have cleaned my tile and grout. This company does excellent work. I would recommend then in a heart beat! This is the only company I would use. Evie, Scottsdale
5 Wow what a great experience! I had three rooms with carpet cleaned (dog pee spots everywhere) and a couch done, everything looks brand new! I would recommend this company to anyone needing carpets cleaned. The service was quick and Fred was great ! I will being using him again!
5 Called yesterday to have our sectional cleaned and they showed up today to get the job done. They were efficient, friendly, and just did a great job!  The whole process from the first call to paying for the service was as easy as it could be.
5 Fred cleaned my garage floor and it has never been this clean, not even when new.
5 You will be extremely hard pressed to find a better carpet cleaning than F & F. Aside from the attentive customer service, the equipment they use is tier 1 in the industry which is why the carpet looks brand new after every cleaning. I have used F&F on multiple occasions and am always impressed after every occasion. I would consider Farhad and Fred to be amongst the upper echelon of tier 1 cleaners in this industry.
5 I really had a great experience with F&F.  They were everything I ask for in a vendor.  I submitted a request for more information on their website and I was contacted promptly.  Fred was polite and professional on the telephone, and based on the other reviews, I decided to give them a try.  They scheduled service for us quickly, they were on time, kept me informed of their progress, and gave great results.  They cleaned over 3,000 square feet of commercial space which had a multitude of spills and stains from our employees.  I would highly recommend Fred and his team.
5 So I'm walking through my living room and glance down the hall.  I see a huge puddle on the carpet coming from the laundry room!  I open the door and the entire room is filled with water!    Well, long story short, I called Fred And Farhaad and they were at my house within an hour!! Are you kidding me!! Unbelievable service!  They had to suck what water they could get out, out.  Then open carpet at the seem, remove the wet padding, let the carpet dry with fans for 3 days, then come and put new padding down and repair seem.    Now it's like nothing happened and they were reasonably price to boot!  Just call them, you will not be disappointed!
5 Farhad performed a miracle on my horrible white Berber carpet.  He is professional, friendly, honest, and funny. I would never use anyone else. He is the kind of man you could leave a blank check and the keys to your house and return to find perfect work at a fair price!
5 After purchasing our first home, my husband wanted to display a rug his mom had brought back from Greece.  No problem right?!!  Well, he used it all throughout college in his dorm and apartments and never cleaned it.  Needless to say, I thought it was a lost cause.  After having Fred work his magic, the rug looks brand new and I am proud to showcase this rug in our living room!  Definitely trust Fred and his crew with your area rugs!  He did a fantastic job and I highly recommend his company!
5 Highly recommend! A plumbing disaster ruined the carpet in one of my bedrooms and Fred & his team took care of it from beginning to end.  Fred was professional, friendly, super fast and thorough.  He moved all the furniture (including the scary stuff lurking under the kids beds!), cleaned up the horrible mess, installed new carpet and put the room back together just like new.  Fantastic job!
4 Only cleaner who can get the pet  stains out of my carpet!
5 Had our carpets cleaned on Saturday January 4, I must say we are very satisfied with the job and they were friendly and professional and we're able to get us scheduled on the same day we called.
5 Best, most through carpet cleaning I have ever had! Farzad (Fred), one of the owners, came out to clean my carpets and my couches.  He moved furniture, cleaned and sanitized all of my carpets, couches, and oversized chair then scotched guarded everything to keep from staining again.  I am very pleased with the level of cleaning that was done and would not hesitate to recommend their services. As a Real Estate professional, I am constantly asked to recommend carpet cleaners,  F &F will  now be my go to carpet cleaners when asked!
5 These guys came highly recommended by my neighbor, so I booked F&F to steam my carpets after a pretty dusty renovation project. Fred called me two hours before our appointment time and said he was in the neighborhood! Came right over and did the most thorough job of any company I've ever had before. I would highly recommend these guys. He also added tack strips and finished the edges of my carpet where old carpet had been torn up and replaced with tile. A beautiful and professional job! Communication was great. Prices are definitely reasonable since they charge by square footage. Quiet machinery. He took excellent care of my place, and I'll definitely use them again!
5 Great job! 1st time customer. I called to get a quote and they also had an opening the same day. Our technician even showed up a little early.   After watching friend and family puppies the past couple of months and then adding a new puppy to our family, our carpets were dirty. Pet stains and regular traffic dirt was disgustingly apparent. I wasn't sure some of the stains could be lifted. After the cleaning, our carpets looked new. No more dirt or pet stains to be seen.   Randy was our cleaning technician and he was courteous and knowledgeable. He didn't try to up-sell me at all. That was a relief.  Pricing was fair and totally worth it.   I will definitely use F&F Carpet Cleaning again.
5 The technician, Randy did an excellent job cleaning my carpets, they look like new! I am very satisfied with the service and would highly recommend them.
5 I never really write reviews, however, I just had the nicest experience with having my carpets cleaned by Randy.  When searching for a carpet cleaner yesterday, I read reviews on several companies. After reading reviews on F&F, Randy in particular, I decided to call.  All I got was voicemail and I didn't leave a message. About 30 mins later I get a call from Randy.  I explained I really needed the place done on Saturday in preparation for some new furniture. He booked it with a window from 12-2.  The interesting thing is, several of his reviews mentioned that not only is he punctual, but in fact frequently shows up early. Sure wasn't expecting that to be my experience as well.  I was shocked to get a knock at the door at 11:30am! Absolutely refreshing.  He inspected, gave me a most reasonable bid and I said let's roll. The job Randy did is amazing. The carpets look new again and the fresh scent is really pleasant. Had him do the furniture as well, awesome job!  If you need your home done, you absolutely cannot go wrong with F&F and Randy.   Call them, you won't regret it!
5 We had called around to a few places for both my house and my boyfriends house. This company have us the best rate by far. No one could even come close. So we hired them and the service was great. The guy who came out. I think Armando. Beth professional and got all of the stains out at my place and my boyfriends place.
5 This was my 2nd time using their services, and I was impressed again. He was right on time, and got right to work. He took out all the pet stains and smells. Also removed the heavy traffic dirt throughout the house.  Was completely done in less than 2 hours. Carpet looks great and smells awesome. Will be using services again, and will recommend to my friends.
5 First time, happy with results and same day service. Fahad was very courteous. Thank you very much
