1 do not get your transmission flushed through here! i spent 380 dollars and they ruined my transmission what they dont tell you is when they flush it it pulls through all the metals and ruins your transmission. i saw a truck driving around in phx with the dont take your truck to dannys family car wash they ruined my transmission just ask me how now i dont have to ask the guy because they did it to me also! 1800 for a new transmission do you have that kind of money if not dont take your car or truck here! Oh and thats cheap for a transmission Ive talked to people who have had top pay 3000.Also the girl below me who left review is 100 PERCENT CORRECT THE SECOND I GOT OUT OF MY TRUCK atleast 8 guys approached me for detail, wash, windows, oil change you name it they wanted to sell it!
1 I have been using Danny Car wash for over 25 years, but this location has some of the Slowest  service in town. I will not go back to this location. It took 45 miniutes for what should of been a 20 miniute job.  What bothered me the most was that only one person was on my car while 4 other workers were in a circle talking. If I was managing this car wash I would try to have my customers in and out fast and have all the employees helping like a pit crew. I did receive a call back from the regional manager that was happy I called, he was going to look into the service level at this location. He invited me in to the Bell Rd location and being very apologetic he offered me a free cash. The thing I like the most is that he cared and tried to make it right. So I may not come to this location, I will continue to use Danny's Carwash at the Bell road location.
1 Poor attention to glass - both interior and exterior.   And above all, I positively denounce being called "boss", "hoss", "chief", or whatever goofball nick-name the "service writers" want to give me.  Look sport, when I am spending money that keeps your stupid ass employed, give me the courtesy of sir, or better yet, say nothing at all before you call me "boss-man" or something else equally stupid.  Learning to not be socially inept is your first step to something that pays better than a car-wash.  Got it skippy?
3 Always courtious.  Always tries to sell me something I don't want, but a firm "no thanks" and they are off to someone else.    They keep track of your plate and the 10th wash is always free.  It think its pretty neat.    They damaged my wheel once but they admitted it an fixed it.  Most of all, what other options do we have?  Other car wash options seem to be few and far between in Peoria.
1 To "vacuum" means they will blow air on the seats and scatter the pet hair, despite them verbally confirming they vacuum the seats. They were quick and paid no attention to detail. Work appeared sloppy, I will not be returning.
1 Totally disappointed. I took my wife's SUV on Sunday and waited 45 minutes for a terrible job that was not even completed. Bird crap still on my hood never wiped down interior, never sprayed air freshened, and either threw away or stole a coupon for free appetizer at a local restaurant maybe I should have locked it up. Oh did I mention they drove the car through twice because the first time it came out filthy still.  Never again.  Fail.....hardcore Fail....
1 I have been using this car wash for years.  I won't go anywhere else....Well until a recent visit has me searching again.  When I arrived I saw that they were busy, I counted four vehicles in line ahead of me when I dropped my vehicle.  Once inside I watched as those four vehicles went through, then four more.  I went out to ask the attendant what was going on and saw my car was number three in line now.  He told me that he was putting the cars through in the order they arrived.  I told him this was not true and to please put my car through.  He placed another two cars ahead of mine.  I returned and asked him who the manager was.  Another attendant approached to assist to which the original flipped his hand at me in a go away motion and told me to see Tio (the manager).  I did and he said he would take care of it.  Then while he was enroute to do so, he was stopped by another customer who was there before me and asked why their car was still out back inline.  Then a handicapped customer who was there long before the two of us was complaining as to why he was still waiting on his car!  In the meantime another customer who had just arrived came in complaining that the attendants out back were loudly complaining about the customers being racist.  I still can't figure that one out.  Eventually my car was finished, about 1 hour total time passed.  It wasn't a good job by any means and they only dressed three of the tires.  I'm pretty forgiving but I'll pass on this one and take my business elsewhere.
1 I'm very disappointed. After requesting and receiving a VIP wash I am heading home to clean my car. Brake dust still on the rims, windows are streaked, exterior paint is still dirty, and I don't think the dash board or interior leather was cleaned at all. I won't be going back, total rip off. Hey Danny's, stop trying to up sell everything and perform the purchased service the way you should!!
2 Whoa! I hate complaining BUT... my car came back still needing to be vacuumed. There was dried grass all over the passenger floor and rear as well as a small sticker which I picked up to show the employee. It gets worse, there were spots on the exterior which I could literally scrape off with my nails, which I did right in front of the employee. To their credit, they did offer to take it back and have it vacuumed again but seriously, I had already been there for this basic wash ($12.99) 30 minutes. I didn't have anymore time, that's not their fault but couldn't they have done it right the first time?! How hard can it be to vacuum a car? All-in-all, I wouldn't go there again and wouldn't recommend this place to a friend. About the only good thing was, they were nice to me which is well... nice, that's why I gave them a two star otherwise I'd probably go for the one star vote.
1 Terrible experience, with damage to my truck!  I've had car washes here, but when I brought my truck in for a full detail ($300) my truck sustained $1,800 in damage from them power washing the engine, WHICH I TOLD THEM NOT TO DO!!!  Sure, I didn't have to pay for the unfinished detail (they called me and said something was wrong) and they did reimburse for one item, but I'm still out $1,200 with absolutely no resolution or care from Danny's corporate.  The only option I'm left with is to sue.  STAY AWAY!
4 They have stopped calling me Boss, which I appreciate. Still wish they were a little quicker. Seems like the fewer cars that are here the longer I wait.
1 Wish I could give zero stars. I took my car here because it is close to my house. My car was damaged when they were finished. I pointed it out right away and the person drying my car got a manager. The manager told me that it was impossible that the damage was from the car wash, and proceeded to tell me how someone right before me was complaining about the same type of damage!!! Unbelievable.
1 Wow, the manager here has the absolutely the worst attitude I have ever seen, avoid this location at all costs.
2 I have been frustrated more and more with Danny's Family over the years.  The constant up-selling is out of control.  I brought in a new car (2K) miles on it and they asked if I wanted a buff & wax.  I told them it was brand new and the sales guy still persisted.  Then of course the windshield chip guys.  I have a tiny, and I'm talking tiny, crack in the windshield and the rep basically said that if I didn't get that fixed today the entire windshield might completely shatter while I'm driving.  Serious?  The detail on the washing is good, but the up front selling is ridiculous!  I just wish there was a better alternative, but it seems like this is par for the course with car wash establishments.  Oh well....
1 DO NOT even try this garbage business.  Dropped my car off for the works wash and they didn't touch the inside at all.  When I let them know, they took no accountability and just said "oh" in response.  Left the car there and got back the 2nd time with the mats all over the seats and still no interior cleaning.  Unbelievable!
1 Regretting coming to this location they try to hassle you and it's super rude!!!! I wanted my matts cleaned and this small area in the back in between the mats. The guy tells me I can do that all for $39.99. Cone to find out to clean mats it's $1 a piece. Why would I pay $21 to have a small area to clean?!? After I changed my mind the detail guy told the girl to charge me $2 for my mats a piece when the ticket says $1 such crap!! Go to the Danny's on Happy Valley they are so much more professional there!
1 DO NOT give these people business. I have used Danny's Family Car Wash for YEARS and have NEVER had a horrible experience until my last visit. I decided to get my car detailed at this location last weekend. I dropped my car off in the morning, and was told it would be ready in 1-2 hours. I told the guy when I dropped it off "Do NOT roll down the Drivers side window." (It rolls up and down, Just very slowly) He assured me they do not need to roll down the window so it will not be an issue. I told him a second time, "Please.. Do not roll it down."  2 1/2 hours go by and I finally get a call that my car is done. When I arrived, The first thing I noticed was my window was ROLLED DOWN. I went to leave and roll it up, But it would not move at all. The window motor was not even working. I went and got the guy who detailed my car and he apologized and said he was not sure who did it and that he would get his "Manager". Suddenly the glass guy comes over and him and another guy are trying to pull my window up out of my door since the motor was not working..  The "manager" then yells at them that it's not their problem and to stop touching it. He proceeds to tell me that it's not their problem and I should go read the policy on their door. I reminded him my window was WORKING when I came in and I asked multiple times to not roll my window down when I prepaid and when i dropped it off. I explained how my window works but it just goes up and down slowly. He proceeds to say "If you bring in a car with a broken antenna, and we break it more, It wouldn't be our fault." What... He refused to do anything about the situation. He said "I'm not the one who broke it so it's not my problem." Last time I checked, As a manager, You OWN the issue whether the issue  was caused by you or an employee. Anytime I would ask him something he would repeat,  "Like I said, I didn't do it, it's not our problem, It's now your problem." He ended up storming off and NOT helping me.   I went to get in my car and noticed a broken piece of my frame on my back door window, and my center console filled with cleaner and FILTHY. I left, and went home and contacted "corporate" and STILL have not heard back.   I have photo's of all the damage. I'll be sure to share when i get the chance.. Save yourself the damage and stress, DO NOT GO HERE.  Sorry about the Essay, I just feel that this may save someone the trouble in the future.
1 I gather from Jaime who works here that they are hurting and they brought him in to stop giving things away.  Now they charge $2 for a squirt of air freshener.  Wow... won't be back again.  This place is now double the cost of the car wash just north on 83rd in front of Walmart.  The quality and customer care has gone there instead of here.
4 Look, it's a full service car wash. This means, to me at least, that I don't have to wash and dry my truck. Everyone here is friendly and happy. Maybe it's because we have all had our coffee. I get here early for the five bucks off before nine. At any rate I have been here twice this past month and have had great service. The guys that check you in try to up sell my desired wash but when I say no thanks, that's the end of it. Some other places will continue to argue with me about what I really want. I am more than pleased with the customer service here. Me and my vehicle thank you!
1 The young saleswoman with blonde hair needs to ATTEND TO CUSTOMERS, INSTEAD OF HAVING THAT DAMN IPHONE IN HER HAND!! That's so rude to make eye contact with customers, and you go back to clicking on your phone. Nice business inside, but the customer service... forget it!
