5 If you need an honest plumber, look no further.  After searching for a plumber to fix our bathroom sink, my mom ran into a lot of disrespectful and rude guys before finding Clark at De George. He's incredibly kind and his prices are more than fair. We were quoted hundreds by others to fix our problem. With De George, we paid less than $100 and he did a wonderful job. They are no longer located on 19th Avenue due to the Light Rail but the phone number is the same.  1516 W Palmer Dr. Phoenix AZ, 85021 (15the Ave & Hatcher).  My mom was not home when he arrived to fix our sink, and I wasn't sure if I had the cash on hand to pay him. He said he had an errand to run and offered to return at a later time during the day for the payment. Luckily he takes plastic! I am VERY happy with De George and will use their services in the future.
5 I called DeGeorge Plumbing on a Sunday night when I arrived home from being out of town to find my master bedroom flooded.  They came right over, fixed the leak,  help me move my furniture and got my water back on so that I didn't have to leave home.  Then they were amazing at helping with the rebuild, super friendly, clean, punctual and even managed and advocated for me when dealing with the insurance claim.  They are well connected in the Phoenix area and had other contractors that they recommended to help me with other aspect of the repair.  I couldn't have asked for more helpful, resourceful or knowledgeable service men.  I recommend them to everyone and I will never use another plumber again!
5 I have used Degeorge Plumbing 3 times now and they are a fantastic company. This last time was on a Saturday and my water heater went out. Dennis came out within an hour of calling them to take a look and they had all the work done by that afternoon. They are reasonable, know what they are doing and honest. It is nice to have a company that I can trust.
5 I live in an older home, so unfortunately I have had more than my fair share of plumbing companies.  I wish I would have found DeGeorge Plumbing years ago... it would have saved me so much money and headache.  No doubt, they are the best company out there. Fair, honest, professional, and really good at what they do. What other plumbing companies said was impossible, DeGeorge had no problem doing - saving lots of time, money, and mess.  I highly recommend DeGeorge plumbing; I won't use anyone else.
5 Very professional. Does great work in a very clean and timely manner. Dennis is a man of his word, and very easy to work with. Will use them again, and would recommend to anyone.
5 Just wanted To Give Props To the Gang at Degeorge Plumbing as we called today in the morning and within 90 minutes as promised they were at our home giving us a FREE Estimate which was fully explained in laymans terms that we understood. They answered  our questions and gave us a FAIR Estimate which we accepted and the work was done as promised efficiently and professionally. The area in which they worked was cleaned up as if no one even worked in that particular area of my front yard ..... FIVE Stars PLUS !!!!
5 Our garbage disposal stopped working, so we called Degeorge Plumbing & Heating. They were prompt, professional, and fairly priced. They got the job done, and never did I feel like I was being upsold or anything like that. I plan on using them again if I need them, and would recommend them to anyone who is in need of this type of service.
5 We had an under slab leak.  If you could only imagine the shock and fear that causes, but Dennis and his crew quickly made us feel relaxed.  He was here quickly did what he said he was going to do, did it when he said he was, and did it for the price he said.  They are really nice guys, in fact they had to do some work when we weren't  home and there were no problems with that.  I highly recommend DeGeorge plumbing.
5 The toilets were not flushing properly at our rental house.  Dennis answered the phone himself, at 9pm.  He came the next day and fixed the problem.  We were very happy with both his professionalism with our renters and with the price.  There are not a lot of plumbers out there that answer their own phone, come when they say they will and get the job done right the first time.  He certainly gets my vote.
1 The renters in our home called DeGeorge plumbing out to look at a leak in the family room.  We were highly overcharged for them to pull back the carpet, cut a hole in the drywall, and leave behind an air mover.  We ended up having a new condensation pump installed and the drywall repaired for only a few more dollars than DeGeorge charged to do hardly anything.  Just be careful.
2 2.5 stars --  I was initially very satisfied with my experience with Degeorge Plumbing. They were pretty responsive and I was able to get an appointment in about a week. Everything was great until I saw the bill (for approx 20 minutes worth of work). It came out to over 200 bucks! I was a bit shocked since the two plumbers who came over to fix my leaky faucet didn't mention it would be that expensive to replace a very small part. Pretty sure I was robbed!  At least my faucet doesn't drip anymore.  I definitely will be looking for another plumber elsewhere... I have LOTS more work to be done for somebody out there with a better price...
