3 A little run down. But you get what you pay for I guess.
4 I have no complaints about Flagstone. I live in a studio apartment where everything is included (except cable/internet) and it's about $630-640 depending on water usage, but in my year and a half has never been over 640. Even though they control the air and heat, it is based on weather trends and not a fixed date.  The staff is nice enough, I've never had to deal with them for any issues; I pick up packages and ask random questions when needed and they are professional and helpful. The maintenance guys are really nice and always checking up on me if they see me walking around the property. My A/C went out once in the summer and they were there in an hour or so. Fixed it up quick. And they're really nice when I call about my garbage disposal even though they've shown me where the switch is a few times haha.  Rent is reasonable, staff is nice and helpful, grounds are decent. They even put in a cute little dog park recently! I'd recommend living here to any friend or family member.
1 THE FAIR AND REAL DEAL: After reading reviews about Flagstone, the staff at the leasing office persuaded me that the reviews were untrue and this was a great place to live. So unfortunately, I decided to move in. I moved into a Studio apartment, which was disgusting. Stained mirrors, stained carpet, stained cabinets. It was a disaster. To be fair, I chose to rent a regular Studio apartment instead of a "Deluxe Studio" which was more expensive. When I moved in, no one told me about the laundry policy and it was not written in the lease anywhere. So the first weekend I moved in, I threw all my laundry in two washing machines doused with laundry detergent and fabric softener to find out that the laundry machines do not take any money, you have to buy a laundry card. Here's the most bizarre part: you can ONLY purchase a laundry card with a 5 dollar bill. It has to be a 5 dollar bill. No 5 $1 bills, you can't use a credit card, and you can't use anything higher than a $5 bill. The rule is stupid, but I wouldn't have been mad if someone told me this when I moved in. Instead, I had to take my detergent soaked clothes out of the machines and back to my apartment because the leasing office was closing and that is where you much purchase your laundry card. Next, I have now been locked INSIDE of the pool area FOUR different times in the last 6 weeks because the gate jams and the gate that actually works has a lock on it (which I have asked multiple times for them to remove it but they haven't). Every time I had to call the leasing office to get me out. Thankfully there were open because none of my neighbors cared enough to help me get out. Two times when I spoke with Erica people came right away, even she came to bail me out herself (Erica is the only person who is helpful in the office). The other two times, the leasing agent to me I had to wait. Once because "the staff was on a lunch break" and the other time because "the staff was busy." So I stood waiting a good 20 minutes to get out. I felt like an animal trapped in a cage. Now for the biggest complaint, a few days ago we were given a notice that "AC IS NO LONGER AN OPTION." That's right, they have completely turned air conditioning off. It is still 72 degrees outside. Last night I turned my ceiling fan on the highest it could go, bought fans to keep me cool, but I still woke up in a sweat. It was miserable. If you choose to live here you will also frequently receive notices about the water being shut off all day. The funny thing is that they will give you a notice at 11:00am that the water is being shut off at 10:00am-7:00pm. Thanks for the heads up. My last biggest complaint is about the electricity. When I heard you pay a "flat electricity rate" I thought that's great! Here's the thing, the lights are motion censored and will turn off, but not on. The biggest fear is the motion censored bathroom light. When you are taking a bath or a shower, the light with randomly turn off. This is a safety hazard and significantly inconvenient. I have already taken a few slips from not being able to see. To be fair, I will list pros about these apartments. The complex is for the most part, very quiet and peaceful. I haven't had any complaints about loud neighbors or any loud parties. The community seems to be filled with people who go to work and come home to rest. The quiet makes for a peaceful setting. Also, the landscaping is beautiful and is kept up very well. The trees that surround the complex makes for beautiful scenery. Also, the grounds are kept clean and tidy. I have yet to see anyone not pick up after their dog, and there is no trash or cigarette butts laying around. To a friend, I would not recommend living here. But if you want something cheap and don't care about what I have mentioned above, then this is the place for you. P.S. The pools are NOT open 24 hours as listed on websites.
1 DO NOT MOVE HERE!!! Unless you enjoy living in the ghetto (with people threatening to kick your ass), enjoy seeing the police all the time, and the worst management staff in existence. I just had an incident where there were young children in the pool behaving in the worst way all day. I understand that they are children and "children want to play" and I ignored it for a couple hours, but then came the breaking of the safety equipment and sprinting around the pool without any parent supervision in the pool area and that is unacceptable. I called management and someone came over and tracked down the parents to tell them to watch their kids. That did absolutely nothing and the behavior got even worse. Even tying the safety rope around their necks and being dragged by a kid who is sprinting around the slippery concrete. So I called management back and a different person came over and screamed at them once she saw how they were behaving. Then she was basically descended upon by people yelling at her, the parents who weren't in the pool area watching the kids. She was basically badgered by them as I tried to yell back to say what was really going on, but then I was called a bitch and threatened by a lady who disagreed that the behavior was unacceptable.  And now I fear retaliation will occur. These are the kind of people that live here. Let me note that parents are supposed to be physically present in the pool area when children are in the pool and are under the age of 14. These kids were not even close to 14. I would estimate the oldest being 9. The situation was not handled correctly by management at all. Literally all the rules were being broken, and in fact they still are as I sit here writing this. What's interesting is that the pool area was actually open. In the last month alone I've had to call 5 times for the pool to be unlocked around noon or even later. This guys job is to just unlock two gates at this pool and that apparently is too difficult. Besides the pool incidents, let me address some other problems. Do you like spanish music blaring all day? If you do, then this is the place for you. Yesterday the music was blaring so loudly ALL day that I could hear it from in my apartment building away. This complex is either liars or don't enforce rules. I was told that no Rottweilers were allowed to live in the complex or even visit the complex. I specifically asked because i wanted to get a Rot for my apartment. But of course now there is a Rot living next to me. I'm not complaining about the dog or the breed, I love both. It's the fact that I was lied to or either they make exceptions for only some people. About the police presence, they are here multiple times a week. I've seen caution tape used to tape off scenes of something that was going on. I was an idiot because I read reviews and the office told me not to listen to them, people only complain and never write positive reviews. That was a BIG mistake on my part. I can see why this complex is rated so poorly on every review site. Don't make the mistake I did and ignore the reviews. In my opinion they are all true. And let me not leave out the worst part of all. THEY TURN OFF THE AC for multiple months. It is finally back on as of last month, but for three months I couldn't even sleep because it was so miserably hot in my apartment, even with the four fans I bought. I saw people all around me struggling from how how it was. I can't even imagine how miserable it was for the dogs to be stuck in an oven all day. We live in ARIZONA we need AIR CONDITIONING. The staff at the leasing office are nice ladies, and nice people. It is my belief that they are doing the best they can, but with everything going to shit here, problems aren't solved, and it's just a cluster F. Don't do it. The flat rate price sounded great, but the bill was wayyy higher than the estimate of the cost. Just say no. In my own honest opinion I do not feel safe living here and will be moving out here as soon as my lease is up. I have to include the positives, the lay out and landscaping is very nice. The parking is nice. That's all I can think of. I hope this long post helps.
1 Do not I'm e here! There had recently been bed bugs in the building I live in...and it's not the first occurrence. The leasing office when asked would neither confirm not deny and told the girl who inquired she had nothing to worry about. When i moved in i was told there were previously bed bugs in building 5 but looked the other way. Besides the air conditioning vents never have been cleaned they are sealed shut and painted over years ago. The carpets are old and the insulation underneath is from the 70s. Te floors are vinyl laminate over vinyl laminate. The tubs are painted over to cover all the dark stains. The foundations are cracking everywhere. The pipes explode once a month and our water is shut off at least twice a month. You can't cool your apartment lower than 85 in the summer, hands down this is just a perfect description of any greystar property. Patch it up and cover instead of fixing. If you have no other place to go on earth then you might have to move here but other than that. Stay away.
