4 We love this place. It recently got moved a building over, into a waaaay bigger suite. It's about 5 times the size it used to be. It's now located in the same parking lot as Great Skate. Anyway, this is our dive bar hangout. This is a place to go on the weekend nights with your friends to hang out, have some drinks, sing some karaoke, play darts or pool, and have a good time. Food is medicore bar food, wish it was a little better. But hey, we don't come here for the food anyway, we come to hang out.
5 I had fun with some friends on a Sunday night. Stevie the bartender made us some awesome drinks! Shark the karaoke guy was nice enough to listen to our awful singing. Dana the owner is amazing, and I will be coming back!
5 This bar is THE best place to be, whether it be for the best bloody Mary's or a fun Weekend night.  The staff is great, the food is awesome and the environment is wonderful.  Arcade games, tons of Pool tables, poker, darts, betting on dog races.    Steak and eggs is the bomb!  What makes it is the owners are out and visible and eventually will know your name.
4 They opened their bar to us all day for our KWSS pledge drive Friday. The place is huge! Lots of space for hanging out for an evening with your friends. Had one of their burgers for lunch- ironically enough it was also National Fast Food Day. Well cooked burger, but I think the fries were frozen from a bag. The service was excellent from Yvonne, and she took care of all of us ALL DAY LONG. Just wonderful. The owner is also a great guy. I'm not just saying this because they let us take over for the day. If I'm ever up in that area and need a place to grab a bite, I'm going to Stingers.
2 Crap hole. Awesome bartenders. Shitty overpriced food. Warped pool tables. Only good thing about this place (besides the barmaids) is if you wanna get in a fight, just look at someone. The owner is a whiny prick. We tried to make a complaint and he blames everything on the bartenders. They bust thier asses serving a bunch of scumbags. This review is not based on one single visit, but several weeks of having to go to this place. It's a Steelers bar. Gimme a break.
3 Stingers is my neighborhood bar. I was going there several times a week for awhile until I decided to cut down on my drinking. They make really stiff drinks and always have a "you Call it" special going later at night so ask for it. Their chicken wings are delicious and on point. I get them HOT. My favorite thing is they have karaoke EVERY NIGHT, I think it starts at 10 pm. They do have a karaoke host but my one complaint is you have to pay $1 into a karaoke machine in order to sing a song.
4 I haven't been in a while. I love, love, love the new karaoke machine. Wish there were better singers. It would be a lot more fun. Nice staff and very roomy. I'll be back.
1 I am surprised at the good reviews listed. My first time in this bar, just looking for some drinks and live music. It wasn't real busy, but it was obvious that if you are not a regular you should get to the back of the line for service. This is local hangout for many who know the staff and the staff pays more attention to them then someone that they don't know. When I walked in I greeted the door man with a smile and said hello. He just put out his hand.....I guessed he wanted my ID and I gave it to him. With a grunt he said go ahead. However he greeted the guy behind me like they had been friends forever. I wouldn't go back, hope the regulars can pay the bills for the owner. Because this is not a friendly place for newcomers.
5 Stingers for a sports bar local hangout, its about as good as it gets, cold beer, great looking bar help, pool, darts, great people, live music, and  a great happy hour spot 25 cent wings till 4, what more do you need,
2 Great place to shoot  pool BUT- ---- I guess the goal is to make as much profit off cheap, low quality food as they can and they seem to be very successful at it. When I ordered the nachos it became very clear why the establishment is called stingers because when I saw what I got for the price that I paid it did sting. The nachos reminded me of when I was 13 and failed horribly at trying to make nachos at home for the first time. My buddy thought I had ordered a salad. IT WAS SO BAD and very $$$. I was stuck there all day for a pool tournament so I ordered again. This time I ordered a brat. $7.25 for a nasty brat on a First street bun and some old fries. Looking back on the nachos I'm sure that it had to be explained to the cook how to prepare them. No one would deliberately make nachos like that unless instructed to. The instructions must have been as followed: Do not layer anything, layering will be loss of profit. Do not use anything less then the cheapest chips available, using quality chips would be a loss in profit. Use nasty Velveeta cheese but use it sparingly, using too much would be a loss in profit. Next sprinkle the meat on, a normal amount of meat would be a loss in profit. Last, load it up with cheap lettuce.
3 Good neighborhood place,  plenty of pooltables to play.  Could be better off they bring back The Shark on kareoke! The food isn't bad either.
5 I absolutely love this place I don't even drink and come here at least 2 to 3 times a week they have the best WINGS everrrr honey hot sloppy (extra sauce and crispy) the young cook makes everything we order so delish ... Service is AMAZING I love all the girls here and music is good ....
4 Nights here are ao much better when Ty or Amanda are there .... You get better service. ..
