1 My feet were frozen in place.. I couldn't back out now! My friend dragged me into this place for karaoke.. as soon as I walked in the door I wanted to turn around and walk back out. This place is 'the' dive gay bar in town.. there was some horrid karaoke going on in the front and some incoherent benefit show going on in the back.. the patio seemed nice enough but not a soul out there 'cept 4 drag queens smoking.   As soon as this guy started 'singing' some song from Phantom we knew it was time to go. Couldn't stand another second in this place.. just not my scene.. my friend was irritated we wanted to leave..
4 OK so I am a fan of the gay bars. Shocked? Didn't think so. I also like karaoke. Shocked now? I leave nothing to surprise. I love this bar.  The patrons tend to choose awful songs for karaoke but somehow it works out as charming here. Everyone is super gracious and friendly; very welcoming to new singers.   The patio is terrific. Roomy, friendly and plenty of seating for the smokers and always someone to light up your smoke.   The drinks are reasonable and well poured and the bartenders are good people.   Just your friendly neighborhood dive bar...with a rainbow flag.
5 Had a great time here on Friday night  Lots of swell people, good drinks, awesome karaoke and dancing.  Love it.
2 One star for the AWESOME service (especially the cute bartender in the Boy Scout uniform), one star for the really dedicated karaoke MC, one star for the reasonably-priced drinks, one star for the PHENOMENAL dedication to giving back to the community, and one star for the big patio.  Negative five billion for the snarky bitches who thought they owned the place on a Saturday night. We brought a huge party, we kept the bartenders busy, and all they could do was insult us while they nursed a single beer all night. And the bartenders gave no indication that we were a welcome addition. Gay guys not welcome at a gay bar?  No thank you.   The place was DEAD on a Saturday night, except for the territorial regular jerks. Despite the great service, the bartenders really didn't make us feel  welcome. Maybe we'll try again earlier in the evening, but the neighborhood feel we had grown to expect was gone.
1 This is probably the most aptly named gay bar in Phoenix. Link "the Rock" to Alcatraz and voila, you have this nasty little place. I don't mean this in the prison sense, as you have the liberty to go (or leave) at your whim, but I mean it in the dirty/dank sense. Never have I been to a bar at which they ridicule regulars. Most bars would consider regulars to be familiar faces; loyal sources of income. However, I've heard staff use "alkie" spitefully in reference to regulars. This gross little hell hole is a must-skip spot in the Valley GLBT scene.
4 I have to say that since the new ownership this place has raised the bar!..(no pun intended)..the renovations that have been done are fantastic. New sound system, floor tile, ceiling tile, ceiling fans, millwork on the walls, kudos to Doug & Michael as they are sparing no expense here. Still great karaoke on Friday nights as well as Saturday. Trish, Kitty & Josh still pouring great drinks at resonable prices. The karaoke on Friday nights is a blast and the bartenders getting in on the karaoke makes it that much more fun. If you have not been to The Rock in the past 4 months, you need to go and check out whats been happening there.
1 Bleh.  Most of us have ventured to the rock at some point in time. It has always been quite awful, but I had some hope after new ownership took over and renovated the place. It is always sad to see a place that has potential, be complete crap.  Upon walking in we were greeted by a small room used as a bar area, with random bar tables along the side. And whales. And scary looking people. And a DJ...well...kinda...he was playing music from a computer..you know...like you would so at home.  We ordered two beers and sat down. Why not give it a chance, right? Just when we thought that things couldn't get worse, we heard a sound. Like a squealing sound. Yes, you guess right, horrible karaoke ON A FRIDAY NIGHT!?!?! Why God, why?????  We chugged our beers and left.
4 first off this place is not closed. i just went there 2 nights ago(today is july25 2010.) anyways, had a great time. great people, cheap drinks and karokee (on friday nights at 930.) the bartenders were so fun, super freindly, and cute! i would tell definitely recommend this place to anyone!
5 Nice place, big patio.  Now offering LIVE sketch comedy!  Wednesday, November 17th, see local troupe Th[sic] Sense in their 2nd annual Holiday Show!:  A lighter, snappier take on the Holiday times. Not for the easily offended. Sketches include: "The Scariest Hollowe'en Costume", "The First Thanksgiving", and "Who Shot Santa Claus?", as well as the infectious song "Mama Christmas"
4 So much has changed since new ownership.... The staff is friendly, efficient, and plentiful.. I'm basing my review on two trips over the last year for a special event known as Bearracuda... which has been a spectacular big mess of fun each time I've attended. The owner of The Rock seems like an extra cool dude, and I applaud him for his improvements to the bar. Also booze = dirt cheap. Woot.
5 I Love The Rock! It is a Friendly Neighborhood Bar that has made some amazing changes in the last year! The drinks are reasonably priced, the staff is friendly, the owners do ALOT for their community and are very focused on Giving Back to the community that Supports Them! You can experience a wide array of entertainment here...Drag, Comedy, Live Music, Dance Parties, Pagaents, Karaoke, Poker and Darts
3 Meh...this bar whelms me.  Not over and not under.  The bartenders are pretty friendly and the drinks are cheap.  There's usually some drag show or karaoke going on when I stop in and that's  about it.  The end.
4 Cheap and reliable.  Just a normal gay bar with good prices and good people.  It's laid back and exactly what I like in a bar.  The clientele is more mature than many of the gay bars.
3 It's cool spot. Came here once. There's a patio for the smokers, parking lot, drinks are strong :-) only miller light on tap but carry other bottled beers. Bar tender Wed night was a cool guy. There is also a room with a stage. One toilet per bathroom is a minus and can only imagine crowded nights and waiting.
5 The Rock - I love you. The bartenders and cocktail servers are so sweet and friendly and the drink prices are AMAZING ($3.50 long island iced teas? Yes please!). They treated us so wonderfully for my sister's bachelorette party - we went and saw the Barbra Seville show with Celia Putty, Diva, and more! We had the best time. I love the Rock and definitely plan on coming back - especially for the amazing drag shows!
5 I really like this place. Ive been to many gay bars in this valley, and this one has truly the nicest staff. They have a great patio.   At karaoke on Mondays, you can listen to 2 of the performing mavens of their showroom rehearse different songs w/ some wicked harmonies.  The showroom: Whether its the Scandalesque student showcase, Th Sic Sense from down at Soul Invictus, or the AZ gender outlaws performing, youll have a great time. The showroom is very intimate. And hey girl hey! The queens that perform here are some of the best in the valley. Pandora DeStrange is reason to come see a show here by herself, but when you do you get hit w/ some wonderful guest stars like Savannah Stevens and the lovely Olivia Gardens.  If youre looking for a friendly neighborhood gay bar with a large splash of fabulous, The Rock is it.
5 Seriously sooo much fun!  I went to the rock for the first time this past Saturday for a baccalaureate party. I had SUCH a blast! The drag queens looked amazing and were soooo funny! Loved how much they interacted with the audience. Be sure to bring some dollar bills with you to tip them ;)  The wait staff was pretty quick and attentive even with a packed house.  I cant wait to go back!
3 This place is just ok. Its kinda small and is only fun if theres a drag show going on. Its ridiculous that they host to big name drag queens when their area in  which they hold the show is ridiculously small and cannot hold the number of people wanting to go
5 Came here on a Saturday night for a friend's birthday to see the Barbra Seville drag show. SO. MUCH. FUN. I had the time of my life getting sh*tfaced, shoving dollar bills down shirts, and singing along to all my favorite guilty pleasure pop songs. I even brought my boyfriend along and the queens provided some great comedic commentary on that. I will definitely be back. Again and again.  Cheap drinks & cheap cover ($3). Bring singles or you'll be sorry.
4 A group of us girls decided we wanted to do something different one night, so we ended up at The Rock for the Barbara Seville drag show.  None of us had been to a drag show before so we didn't really know what to expect.  We were pleasantly surprised with what we got.  The music acts were great and the commentary in between was hilarious!  I loved how much they all interacted with everyone in the audience.  I can't wait to go back again!  Also, you've probably seen this in the reviews already but make sure you bring some singles.  You'll feel left out if you don't!
4 I've been here a few times for benefit shows and a few times in for drinks when they've been kind enough to let us use their parking lot for charity car washes. So much fun. My husband and I always run into friends at The Rock, and if we don't, we've made new ones by the end of the night.
5 Came here for my bachelorette party and had so much fun. We were looking to do something different, non-clubby and we found it here. The drinks were cheap, the staff was friendly and the show did not disappoint. All my girls loved it and it was so fun that we might go back just for the hell of it. They help you celebrate birthdays & divorces too! Go here, it's a blast!
4 Was with some friends celebrating my last night of being 39 and we headed on down to The Rock to catch the  Cabaret Roche show, where burlesque, vaudeville & drag all collide into one! We were a lil early and learned that the well drinks were buy one get one free before 8 and boy oh boy did we take advantage of that, well maybe I did haha  The show was amazing, had such fun time, I love it when I can look around the room and see all my friends laughing and having a good time and knowing like me, they are really enjoyed the night! And I love love love Pandora!! She is the coolest!  Such a fun show & night!   I don't know why it took me so long to get down to the Rock, but I know I am coming back!
4 Pretty good drag show on Saturday night!  Was an interesting, high energy mix!  Fun times!  Will be back.
4 Friendly staff (especially Mike at the bar and Brandon the KJ).  Been a couple times, first was for my birthday and we saw the Olivia Gardens show, which was great!  Came back for karaoke and will return.  They seem to have some good drink specials (being a non drinker I don't really partake), but I did notice that they offered pitchers of long island and something else which I forget.    Shout out to the staff, we'll be back!
5 By far THE BEST BAR IN PHOENIX  I had heard great things about this place and I am so disappointed that I didn't get the chance to go to this bar until 1.5 years of living in Phoenix. My friend and I decided to attend on Friday night for a night of drinks and karaoke. When we first arrived we were greeted by an awesome staff and explained that the show wasn't starting until 10pm (we arrived at 8:30) We were immediately asked if we wanted a table and were attended at the bar. The bartender was attentive and AMAZING;) ... Since they knew it was my friends birthday they made sure we were well taken care of, we attended the show and sang a couple of songs. Since I relocated here from Phoenix, I have pretty high expectations and I have to say that this place is AWESOME... The crowd was so friendly and fun as well as the staff.. I will for sure be back next Friday! ;
2 My sister had her bachelorette party here back in October. The performers were funny but I would never do this again. It costs $15 or $30 to get in; I can't remember. But then they push so hard for tips and get so close to you as if they are waiting for your to give them one. That was the only uncomfortable part, was continuing to pay once you already paid for the show. Also, they didn't reserve everybody properly for our group and a group of 4 had to sit at a separate table. Not cool.
5 Full on local bar.  You can watch a show if you want, or sit and enjoy your own company with good people conversing with you.
3 The good:  This place has a very mixed crowd of straights and gays on a Saturday drag show night.  Good, friendly atmosphere.  Nice people working there, too.  Seems to have cheap drinks for those who drink and most do. The bad:  I love drag.  I am a huge fan and have seen many shows here and overseas, but this show was such a disappointment.  If you call walking thru the audience, shaking a little and grabbing dollars from between people's fingers "entertainment" so be it.  I don't.  Two of the performers--the primary one being the "star" of the show Barbra Seville--has been doing this for forever I gathered, and she seems somewhat bored with it all and just going thru the motions. A couple of performers, Phaedra the sexy vixen, and a redheaded gal singing a song about snatch were good.  At least they are trying to entertain us. Would I go back?  Maybe...but only in the hopes that I caught them on an off night.  There needs to be more snappy, bitchy, funny comebacks, more snappy patter and more of a real show instead of some amateur hour that The Barbra Seville Show is trying to get away with and does apparently in Phoenix. Maybe I will try another drag show there in the future to see if it's any better. But for a $3 to get in, $3 to sit at a table which you should do or you stand next to a wall for almost 2 hours, this show might be worth it to you.  At least the price is good.
5 Great fun dive bar. I was there for Bearacudda and it was tons of fun.  Staff is friendly, crowd is friendly and they also have decent drag shows.  They do accept credit cards and have a juke box.  Bathrooms are small so during busy evenings with lots of peeps, you will be in line and your kidneys will float.  Karaoke night is kind of lame though seemed like same old folks there specifically for karaoke.
