4 You know, as far as dry cleaners go, I gotta say these guys are pretty good. Efficient and professional. I don't think there's much more you can say about them.
4 So there name on Yelp is a bit behind the times as they are now Monte Vista $2.25 Cleaners..  Still, at $2.25, I find them to be the best place in the area.  You can't beat the price, and no matter what I drop off, shirts or pants to be laundered or dry cleaned, I always know it will be $2.25.  I hate places where some shirts are $1.50 and some are $4 but you don't know until you get the bill.  Same day service is available for dry cleaning which comes in handy if you are like me and wait until you are out of clothes before you drop things off..
4 I was able to call these guys just after 7 on a Saturday and drop it off at 8 and pick up by 10 for a wedding.  Pretty happy so far although I haven't gone to the wedding yet..
3 The same day service was cool but if your getting a uniform dry cleaned, then I would go somewhere else. I still had to go over my uniforms with the iron.
3 They do not dry clean comforters but the service when speaking with the employees pleasant enough.
1 I previously took my clothes here with OK results.  At this point, will never go again and suspect new ownership/management.  I had a bad experience one Satturday in May and chalked it up to bad luck (it is $2.25 for dry clearning so I do not expect superior cleaning/service), but the last time I went will be the last time I go!  I took several plain scarves and 2 shirts for cleaning on Saturday morning with pick-up in the afternoon. Nothing was actually clean - the shirts smelled like chemials but had not been cleaned or properly ironed.  The scarves smelled like cigarette smoke (I don't smoke), as though they were jammed in a bag with smelly clothes all day.  Disgusting!  I will never use these cleaners again.    BTW - the name and address seem to change - this place is on 59th avenue and the 101, southwest corner.  The dry cleaning place is next to a bagel shop.  Avoid them!
5 I recieved a call saying they found something in my jacket, when I went by it was $300 that I thought I had lost, honest staff. Thank you
4 Definitely not the nicest looking cleaners but they get the job done. Relatively inexpensive and they give a discount to Midwestern Students.  I actually got power steering fluid stains on some wool pants and a dress shirt (don't ask me how) and I thought I would have to throw them away. I brought them in to the cleaners, took them an extra day but they got the stains out perfect. Cheap, quick, and efficient. All you are really looking for in a cleaners
