5 I've been a regular at this Papa John's for more than 8 years, they have different managers every year or so, but they get to know you by name when you order every week.   I love the pizza obviously, especially the crust. It's damn good pizza for the price. I've had pizza from a lot of places and I continue to return to Papa John's, I like it.  The pizza's at usually ready in 15 minutes if you pick up the order (I don't get delivery cause it's so close by). They like to have carry out orders in by 9:38 PM.
5 They have that crazy Monday deal which is I think $8 large pizza with any topping. I called and put like 3 different toppings on my pizza and was told that it was be ready in 10 min, when I got there is was ready. Super friendly staff.
2 Ok so I always like to give second chances but 3rd time you mess up Im kinda over it. I have had plenty of problems with this location, from messing up my order to over charging me to delivery problems. I had a driver say he couldn't come up to the 3rd floor to bring me my pizza that I had to go down to him and get it, if thats the case I should have just picked up the order myself. Then another one had nerve to forget my drinks and wanted to still charge me for them and expected a tip. Obviously customer service is not their priority!
4 We're definitely fans of Papa Johns. This is the closest location to our home, so we get our carry-out from this location the most.   I would highly recommend signing up for their Papa Rewards program. I order pizzas frequently for clients online or on the iPhone app -- and pretty much get a lot of free pizzas with their rewards program.   Anyhoo - - this location has always been friendly, and the pizza's tend to be 5-10 min faster than the quoted time.   The Hawaiian Chicken pizza is good!! Love their cheesy breadsticks... mmm!
3 Delivery time over an hour. I ordered during the game, but it was still an excessive wait. The pizza, however...still delicious.
2 Was not satisfied with the buffalo chicken pizza I ordered from here. It was mostly a thick layer of cheese some chicken and a swirl of barbecue sauce that was on top.  It was like a candy cane. With a peppermint striped running through it. In this case, it was the sauce. This ment that much of the Pizza had no bbq flavoring.  The Pizza itself did not look all that appetizing. As it look like the chicken on it was little bits and pieces of something you would find in the trash cans located in the back of a Planned Parenthood. So not exactly visually appetizing.  I had to melt the garlic sauce,  as it came in a jelly-like congealed state.   Adding to my experiences I had ordered on line. And some how, half my order was erased. So That ment no bread sticks.  And they wanted me to include the tip during the order process. Made me think. What if my tip was not large enough?  Would I find that very special secret sauce added to my order?  Good thing was that the pizza was delivered fast and the driver seemed like a nice hard working man.  Other then that. I was not happy with them.
3 Messed up my order last time - they said they were aware of it before leaving the store to deliver & delivered it anyway.  Wtf?  Lol.  & they kept my tip.  Mostly on time though.
