3 Decent hotel for the price. Property was kept up well, room very clean and well appointed. Free WiFi - big plus. Sleep number bed in room oK not a fan however nice touch. Restaurant on property OK not great. Ordered a French dip sandwich for dinner - delicious. The next day went to breakfast -same place - had a coupon for a FREE breakfast came with my package. The breakfast buffet was no really great - looked at the oatmeal and stirred the pot - you could patch holes in your wall board with it - they claimed to have omelets to order - however not cook was present so I ordered off the menu - took awhile for service...needed to ask several times for catsup, water etc. Overall the restaurant was not a deal breaker - might have caught hem on a bad day/night I hope. I will try this place again - good value and not far from the airport another plus..
2 When researching an economical yet comfortable place to stay in Phoenix, we settled on the Radisson.    I will give it kudos on being quiet. The lobby, restaurant, hallways and rooms were nicely appointed, and not at all tacky. It looks like a remodel had been done recently.  I have a scale for judging hotels that Hubs lovingly refers to as "The 3 ts": Thread count, Towels, and T.P.  The Radisson passed the first T...the sheets were soft, and the down pillows meant I didn't have to bring my own from home (a plus in my book)  But, the other 2 T's were a complete fail.  Now, it was Valentine's Day weekend, and I didn't want to be a killjoy, but I found myself complaining about the towels the moment I got out of the shower....they were tiny, not at all absorbent, and dingy....I know that chlorine is a big environmental no-no....but, when I'm using a towel that Lord-only-knows where it's been...I like to know that a level of disinfecting (aka bleach) has ensued. I quickly caught myself, and told Hubs I was channeling my mother for a moment, but there was really nothing wrong.   Then he took a shower and came out saying "I don't think I've been in a gym in the country that had worse towels. I've stayed in flea-dives that had better towels"....so, I was NOT imagining things. I was afraid to use the wash cloth.  My opinion of the hotel might be hindered by the fact that Herbalife was hosting some sort of weekend seminar there, and there were Herba-low-lifes crawling all over the place. I actually saw a man wearing a paisley tie with a MATCHING BASEBALL HAT....  And the 3rd T? Let's just say that, by the end of the 3rd night I had some serious chaffing issues.....sandpaper is softer than their toilet paper!  Would I stay there again? Possibly....you couldn't beat our Hotel-dot-com rate ($80/night).... but I'd have to bring my own towels/TP.
2 This was absolutely the best value for many reasons, when we chose it last weekend....  Walking distance to light rail, convenient central location for my friends catching spring training games in PHX and elsewhere....  But then it failed in the free wifi department.   We were all getting together for our annual fantasy baseball draft and found that the internet service was dreadfully slow and unreliable at this hotel.  Plus, I talked my friends out of paying more for the aloft because of its tiny rooms, but then found that the room they got at this hotel was also rather old-school small.  So, if you're stopping in late at night on your way to catching a morning flight, then this is probably a great landing spot.  Otherwise, you may want to consider trying one of the many other nearby properties.
4 Great place for the $42 priceline price.  HAs a super easy walk to the train to get downtown!
4 Good, convenient hotel with affordable rates and great staff.  My experience here was a solid 3-star but for the staff and one maintenance man in particular. I'd chosen this Radisson for its proximity to the airport and highway so I could get around easily on my vacation and specifically to have a nice long-ish stay in order to try out a Sleep-Number bed.  Arriving via the airport shuttle after 9 pm, I was already starting to drag with the timezone change and just wanted to crash. I checked in and headed up to my room, where I immediately turned the temperature down, the big flat-screen tv on, and checked out the refrigerator and the rest of my 1-room suite. Flopping on the soft king-sized bed, I immediately discovered the remote for the SN bed was broken. A quick call down to the front desk resulted in a polite maintenance man at my door 5 minutes later.  Normally, that would be the end of the tale and hardly worth an extra star in a yelp review but it wasn't. Unable to quickly fix the remote, the maintenance man hurried down to the front desk and got me moved to another suite with comp coupons for the buffet breakfast downstairs each morning of my stay. He offered to take my bag down too but I said no need and was on my way. The new suite was the same as the old with one exception: the maintenance man had been there, turned on and tested everything and even set the thermostat exactly as I'd adjusted the one in my old room. Now that is service.  I'd definitely stay here again, though would probably just opt for a king room over the 1-room suite as the suite configuration and extra furniture definitely cuts down on the free space. Parking can be tight if you get back to the hotel after midnight, largely due to its "park and fly" deal. I was there in July (off season) and frequently got the only remaining spot (not sure if the hotel has additional parking elsewhere).   The hotel is pretty remote and there aren't many dining options in the area so unless you venture forth, you're going to be stuck with what's offered in the 44th Street Cafe (I highly recommend venturing forth).
4 Good room for a great value!  I stayed there recently with my husband during an anniversary trip to phoenix.  It was conveniently located near the airport as well as to a lot of places we wanted to go to.  The room was very decent expecially for the price we paid.  The staff was friendly and we checked in and out quickly without any hassels.  I would definitely stay here again in the future.
5 free breakfast for me
4 When I made the reservation for the Radisson I was told about "Breakfast for a Buck" which I agreed sounded like a good deal.  No problems with check-in and the room was clean.  No mini-refrig which disappointed my husband especially since this is a conference oriented hotel. Happy Hour was fun and the bartender chatty.  Next day, the really friendly server was totally unaware of the breakfast for a buck promotion.  Word to Sales Dept:  make sure EVERYONE knows on staff including bartenders when customers make references to it.  Check out was strange as the CSR was counting money and wouldn't even look or say "be right with you" to my husband.  Not friendly checking out, y'all come back here not an option.  Still, we liked the Radisson and the Sleep Number beds, even the one that roared when you started it up like a GTO.  Cracked us up.
2 There is one reason above all others for a hotel room: sleeping. The best room in the world with a crappy bed quickly becomes a nightmare.  We learned too late that our room was equipped with a Sleep Number bed. The hotel was full that night and there was no chance for another bed.  We literally didn't sleep at all on that monstrosity (number 0 to 95 were equally uncomfortable), and we canceled our next night and found another hotel.  Had the bed been decent, I would have been more than happy. The room was well equipped, in a decent part of town, and the wifi was free and fast.  But  it would have been easier to sleep in the car.  The Radisson folks did listen, but there wasn't much they could do to help us at the time. We were later given 28,000 points (good for a night in an equivalent room) and the assurance that they're removing the Sleep Number beds from that location. We'll likely try Radisson or the partner Country Inn hotel, but we will double-check that we get a normal bed next time.
2 Traveled for work and we have a corporate agreement with them. I arrived at the hotel and was informed that they did not have my King bed available, I never get how you reserve a room and then they are out. I asked if I could get an upgrade, which they obliged and put me on the executive business floor. The floor smelled of cigarette smoke. The hotel needs some repairs overall, which they said they were going to remodel. Room was clean, some dirt behind the bed, yes I look everywhere and the little closet was in very rough shape. What I was really upset about is that these hotels and our agreement is supposed to have a Sleep Number bed. It's even advertised. Nope, not in the executive floor rooms. Makes sense right? My mattress was worn and not comfortable at all, prob the worst night sleep ever. Was not rested for the big meeting the next day. IAsk for the Sleep number!
3 Pretty normal mid-level hotel. Lunch time food is actually pretty good too.
2 This was my first time staying at a Radisson Hotel. I booked it via Priceline for one night Christmas eve following an 8pm arrival at the airport.   When the shuttle full of guests (only about 7) arrived at the hotel, the front desk staff seemed harried and impatient, especially the older unkempt man who seemed ready to go off on the next guest who asked the wrong question.  The restaurant was closed which meant no room service either. When I asked Mr. Grumpypants if there were any restaurants nearby he waved his hand at me dismissively and said to try the yellow pages. The airline hadn't served us a meal of course, so my Christmas Eve dinner consisted of a bag of Cheese-It's and a bag of peanut M&Ms from the vending machine, and a glass of tapwater from my bathroom.  The decor and condition of the room was only so-so. Not being a regular traveler myself, I guessed this hotel caters primarily to business travelers. I've stayed in much better rooms at a comparably priced Best Western or slightly more upscale Marriott. The front desk staff did make a point of exclaiming that the rooms have "Sleep Number" beds but frankly they didn't seem any more comfortable than any other 3-star hotel mattress I've slept on.  Two stars instead of one because the bedding was a clean white duvet cover with matching linens, and because the morning front desk staff, especially Patricia, were friendly and helpful when I had to race back from the rental car center to pick up an important document I'd accidentally left behind in my room.  I doubt I'll choose to stay at a Radisson Hotel again.
2 My sleep-number bed and/or remote was broken (room 514), and by the time I fell asleep, the mattress felt swayed like a hammock. I liked the layout of the room, with the headboard against the wall to the bathroom, and the curved desk/dresser layout was different. My room was not restocked well after the first night, such as no fresh coffee supplies or clean glasses and mugs. I asked for no feather pillows when I checked in, but the replacements were floppy, the kind you have to wad up into a ball. Even though this is an airport hotel, catering to business travelers (free wifi, lobby bar, room service, business center), it had no taxis, ever. The front desk had to call one for me, which was a 15-minute wait. Not horrible, but not great.
4 I've stayed here 3 times now on different trips between Cali and New Mexico/West Texas.  The first was in February 2009, second March 2010 and latest was May 2013.  The hotel didn't change much between stays; however, the hotel didn't have sleep number beds before this last time.  Overall my stay has always been good.  Somehow I swear I've gotten the same room all 3 times since the view has been nearly identical each time.  The room has always been clean and comfortable.  The breakfast buffet is good, but not great which makes it definitely NOT worth the full price of about $15 (it's not included).  I recommended using the lottery upgrade scheme they have available if you book in advance as you can get the buffet for $8 that way.  The in house restaurant is above average, but pricey for what you get.
3 War alles bestens, hatten dieses Hotel als Zwischenstopp nach Grand Canyon gebucht. Sauber, gratis Parkplatz und gratis Internet. Nicht gerade eine sehr schöne Gegend, nicht sehr viel los. Direkt neben dem berühmten ABC Tv Studios. War zwar direkt neben einem Flughafen, man hörte aber kaum was davon.
2 This hotel didn't really do much for me. The guy at the check in desk was a total mess and they was a really long line. The room was clean enough but it had a distinct smell that I did not really prefer. I also ordered room service from the restaurant and found it to be very over priced for what they had to offer. I am sure there are other hotels by the airport that are much better than this one.
4 This place is very close to the airport. My company put me up for the night here, so I can't comment on the price. But the accommodations are nice. We got the exec suites I think. When we arrived at about 10:30 at night, there was a bit of hassle at the front desk..but it got sorted out. The bar stayed open a little late for us, which was cool. The room was nice and clean. The bed was super comfy and I literally fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow. The only nit-picky thing I can think of was the room didn't have the black out curtains. The curtains that they have are basically see through...which could be an issue for obvious reasons. But it wasn't a huge issue for me. We ate breakfast at the restaurant that is a part of the hotel and the food was good :). I would stay at the Radisson Hotel Phoenix Airport again.
4 Very comfortable bed, toiletries were better than most, breakfast buffet worth the additional few bucks and a terrific staff. Clean. Will return.
1 I am by no means a hotel snob however, I was highly disappointed with this hotel and this is why:  The room- everything is outdated and the TV remote looks like it's from "back to the future." The TV quality is awful.  MOST IMPORTANTLY THE SHOWER DOES NOT GET HOT. I even had to complain. The water is luke-warm, if that. I have showered at different times in the day and it was always the same. If you like a hot shower, don't stay here.   The food and service- not good. The service in the bar is horrible and the food is not good. The Caesar salad almost made me sick. Took one bite and it taste like fish that's gone bad. Yuck. I waited over an hour and a half for my food and they forgot half of it. They also do not have a working expresso machine for you caffeine lovers. This to me is unacceptable.  The maids-  super noisy in the hallways and woke me up multiple times this morning. They were yelling at each other down the hallways in Spanish. I mean c'mon!? Thanks for cleaning my room but can you be a little quite in the morning? Sheesh.    Get it together, Radisson. Will not be staying here on my next work trip, that's for sure.
4 I travel a lot and had a fine experience here. Friendly staff and the bar was open as long as there were people. Also enjoyed the 24 hour access to gym.  Didn't eat at the hotel, but the bar/ lounge area was a nice place to get work done in the evening. Lots of outlets are available.  On the downside, my view from the room was of air conditioners.
1 Don't do global airport parking here- cheap but we could have walked back to our car faster since we waited over 40 minutes and called twice for shuttle back. Unless you like to walk- I would not have minded the 1 mile stretch. Pretty junk service.
2 I'm typically not picky about my hotels. Clean room, semi decent service will typically earn you 3-4 stars in itself. I'd like to say they were busy that week...but it's Phoenix....and pretty empty around if I say so myself...so NO you can't have that excuse.   1) I'm a frequent traveler and I tend to sign up for hotel chain reward memberships. I stick with Hyatt, Marriott and assumed I would sign with Raddison and stick with these 3 chains. They did not offer me the rewards card during check-in. The gal at the front desk seemed out of it noting it to be very busy....It's Sunday night...there's no one else here but me checking in....  2)  I get placed in perhaps the worst floor (2nd) with the worst room. I had no view out the window...I saw air conditioning units AND it made a hissing sound every 10 minutes which didn't bother me until I noticed it after the 2nd night. I asked for a room change - "Sorry no other rooms available"  3)  The business center looked great. I went in to try to do some studying but the chairs were so low compared to the table. No these are not the height adjustable chairs...  My less than satisfying visit here resulted in me booking at the Marriott for my next stay....
