2 Good maids. Good service. Bad plumbing. Poor wireless connection. Horrible snack bar selection.
4 Pleasant Surprise    Recently, my father needed to find a place to stay for a lengthy time period and the Residence Inn Marriott is where he found himself.   Initally, after reading the two reviews on yelp I was concerned.  After spending time at the Residence Inn all my concerns fadded away. The staff couldn't be more friendly and helpful.  The studio suite, is extremely large, with queen-bed, large-screen tv and work desk. In addition, to a fully equipped bathroom, separate washstand and "wardrobe" area. There's a separate kitchen area  with cooking hobs, microwave oven, a full-size fridge-freezer. Basic crockery, cutlery and coooking utensils are supplied.   The fully equipped kitchen made cooking easy.  If you don't feel like cooking the Residence Inn offers a complimentary breakfast 7 days a week.  This is not the typical breakfast.   Residence Inn cooks up eggs,ham,sausage,potatoes,french toast, fruits,waffles, juice, coffee and the list goes on and on.  If dinner is more your thing the Residence Inn has a complimentary dinner Monday through Thursday with a changing menu.  Within the complex, there's also a shared pool and a clean, economical guests' laundry room.   Residence Inn is surrounded by great restaurants of varying expense levels and other attractions, overall a nice area. The Residence Inn feels more like an apartment or time share than a hotel. I highly recommend this hotel, they seriously care about your experience.
5 Wish I would have said thank you!   Remember when the day started with a hot cup of coffee and a hearty breakfast? At the Residence Inn, the good things never change.    On Saturday, I woke up early  to meet my father at the Residence Inn for breakfast.  The breakfast area was packed.  To be honest  I think everyone decided to eat at the same time.  I can understand why the complimentary breakfast at the Residence Inn is delicious. They have all the favorites like hot waffles, sausage and eggs, buttermilk biscuits and gravy, fresh fruit, pastries, oatmeal, muffins, hot and cold cereals, beagles, juice, milk and piping-hot coffee.   So as I sat I  let the aroma of fresh brewed coffee fill the air as I read the morning newspaper and prepared for the day's activities.    As I sat reading the paper what I failed to realize was the one person who made breakfast so enjoyable.  She was the cook, the greeter, the person who cleared the tables, and kept the food stocked.  Yes, one dedicated staff member did it all! I wish I would have thanked her ... for her dedication to provide excellent customer service. Not once did she not meet the needs of the guest and did it all with a smile.     I hope to see her again so I can say thank you!
