2 Dear Target of Fountain Hills,  You suck. Big time.  I have been living in AZ 22 days and have gone to this Target 4 times. Once was with my mom, and she was footing the bill and we were in and out so I didn't really pay attention. But the other times? TURRBLE, as Sir Barkley would say.  I haven't been to a Target this picked over and desolate since living in a college town. And this is Fountain Hills, not Lawrence, KS with 30,000 extra students running around. I came here because I just got a job (finally!) and needed to buy black pants, shirts and shoes. The clothes were fine (not that there was a fitting room attendant to speak of) but the shoe selection was just LAUGHABLE.   Another thing? Every person who works here is a straight up, for lack of a more eloquent term, dick to me. Every time I check out, there is no eye contact, no smile, grumpy/angry demeanor...It's like I'm putting them out. What did I do?! I realize I am not the standard 70+ year old retiree of FH but I'm not a piece of trash! Sweet Jesus!  Aaaaand another thing, and I know this isn't Target's fault, but there always seems to be a surplus of tween-aged kids running around here like banshees. What the F gives with that?  In summary, they get 2 stars for not being Wal-Mart. Yeesh.
5 Hi there!  I'm responding to Erin M. of Scottsdale, AZ from May of 2011.  I can do that because I've been going to the Target in Fountain Hills since the day they opened.  I've never written a review of anything online, but had to respond to this one!  It was so unfair.  In short Target is & has been just GREAT!  They are ALWAYS friendly, helpful, & always have a smile on their face.  I have been in there during the day, at night, weekends, doesn't matter what the time or day, they are always nice.    The selection is so good, I almost always get exactly what I'm looking for which saves me a trip into the valley.  In fact, just 5 minutes ago I called to see if they had a golf travel bag that my grandson needs by this afternoon to fly home with.  I had called a golf course shop in town that did not have one & really didn't expect Target to have one either.  I was so surprised & happy when Steven went & checked & they had one!!  In fact, he went back & checked on the price for me & was very sweet & polite about it all.  Lots of stores just tell you to come in & see for yourself or would be not happy if I asked them to go back & check the price after they had already checked to see if they had the item.  So hats off to Target & we of Fountain Hills, Rio Verde, & Tonto Verde are VERY HAPPY we have you in town!!!!!  Ruthie in the Verdes
5 Friendly staff, good selection of products, and prices affordable for those of us on limited budgets. Returns are easy, even if you forgot your receipt, although having the card used to make the purchase will make it easier for the cashiers. They also have four electric shopping carts and keep them maintained, essential in this town.  Chad and Mary are two of the best pharmacists in the state. After being treated like a criminal by another in-store pharmacists due to needing strong narcotic painkillers after a surgery, I brought all of my business to the Target Pharmacy. Chad has caught problems between doctor's phoned-in prescriptions and my many drug sensitivities and had them corrected before I'd made it to the store from the doctor's office. If the prescription has expired, it's no problem for them to contact the doctor. If I'm out-of-state and needing a refill (happens when you travel a lot & your insurance won't allow enough of a supply), I don't have to wait hours before they approve the prescription transfer to another Target. Other pharmacies in the US should be taking lessons on customer service from Chad.
3 It's a basic standard Target. Nothing special.
5 I really like this Target! It is always clean, organized, and well stocked. Most of the employees are really friendly, professional, and helpful. There are a few cashiers that are grumpy, but I just don't go to them when they're open.   The pharmacy is also really awesome.
5 I've been without decent shopping for nearly 6 years. We just moved into town and were ecstatic to learn that we were so close to a Target. While I have always been a fan of Target, this one is by far my favorite.   The staff is always friendly and helpful. Always. They're quick about opening a register when their lines get busy. There's always someone around to answer questions, and willing to take you to the product when that question is "where is the xx".  Super happy to be with shopping. Super DUPER happy that we found a house close to this Target!
5 Target truly does live up to its slogan, "Fast, Fun and Friendly". NOTE: I'm not sure if they still use this slogan, but did when I worked in management around 2003/2004.  As a former ETL of this retailer, it has been permanently engrained in me to "grade" each store upon entry involuntarily. This starts from the parking lot to when you purchase your items and exiting the store. This location is always "squeaky clean" and floors are shiny. Well-stocked and has good zoning. TIP: be sure to always check you BACK end caps for sales/clearance items!!!  Yes, they are always a tad more expensive than WalMart. I feel Target has more "class", ya feel me?   Plus, they have always won my heart w/the philanthropic efforts. Impressive!   Area of opportunity for this store: step up your game in the women's fitting room. Seems to be vacant a lot of the times w/a mound of go-backs parked and mounted at table.
