2 I go to circle k because they are one of the few stations to carry diesel fuel in south phoenix. The help is nice enough but hobos are always there bumming for change and you don't really want to touch the door handles. The stores in south phoenix always seem a bit run down.
4 The staff here is very friendly. Two Young ladies named Jasmine, Vanessa, Stormy and a gentleman whose name I don't recall, make this Circle K a wonderful overpriced shopping experience that any corner store must be to receive four stars... We all know what to expect here and through the wonderful staff we get a little something extra..! Hurrah!!
2 Always someone or something wanting a hand out. This place smells in the early mornings
5 It's way past time for someone to give this Circle K a rave Review!  I've been buying almost all of my gas here for the last two years, since finally giving up once and for all on the crappy ARCO catty-corner across the street.  Here are the differences with this station compared with the ARCO:  *  They aren't out of Regular gas!  No story!  *  The pumps are all working!  No story!  *  The pumps accept your credit or debit card, all of them, every time!  No story!  *  The pumps give receipts, all of them, every time!  No story!  *  There are paper towel dispensers & they have paper towels in them!  No story!  *  There are troughs that actually contain squeegees & window cleaner for your glass!  No story!  *  The prices here are consistently LOW!  (ARCO + 4¢/gal. or ARCO MINUS 6¢ to 96¢/gal. with your Fry's Card!  (I paid 26¢/gal. less here today than I would have at ARCO, for instance, & THEY DON'T FINE YOU HERE FOR USING A CREDIT OR DEBIT CARD!  *  The staff inside is consistently friendly & I've never had to wait long to check out with store items.  Woohoo for this Circle K where everything is right!!     :-))
1 I am so incredibly pissed off right now,so I stop at Circle K to pick up a ginger ale before work, me and this other chick are standing in line one of the associates was behind the counter  just scanning cigarettes I'm assuming for inventory, and the other one was making coffee after standing there for about 2 minutes  having been completely ignored by both clerks who I know saw both of us customers standing there, I ask the chick behind the counters scanning cigarettes if she could help us because I didn't want to be late for work. She turned around rolled her eyes at me and said well we wouldn't want you to be late for work now would we.   I just smiled at her and just paid for my Ginger ale asked for the clerks name and then she refused to give me my Receipt.  At My Morning break I attempted to Call and talk to the manager about her employees behavior, I was told the manager was busy, I asked to be placed on hold I was told that the manager was in fact not there I asked for the cooperate office number and was hung up on.   I have gone to Circle K 's for Years for my Fuel and Daily snack and drink but if this is how their employees are going to act I will take my business elsewhere,
3 I received a call from the cooperate office today and got a very heart felt apology, I am calmed down now seeing as how this happened on Friday but was glad they took the time to hear out my grievance,
