4 a very good pedicure indeed. a bit more than i normally pay at $30 including a hot stone massage and callous removal; $25 without callous removal. the bonus (short) hot stone massage is different and is really relaxing. they seemed super high on cleanliness ... more obvious than any other place i've been to. all the metal implements were stored in fancy looking single use packages after they were sterilized, and you watch the nail tech open it right in front of your eyes. i was fascinated that this nail salon uses new stuff on each customer, which means you leave with the nail file, the pumice sponge and the buffing thingy. neat-o.
1 came here with my mom and sister to try it out... never again.  not only did the manicure/pedicure process take forever, but they did a HORRIBLE job. this is by far the worst manicure and pedicure i've ever had, and at 23, with these services done every month, you do the math -- not good.  there was nail polish all around my nails, the polish was glopped on so thick that there are imprints of whatever i touched (1 day later) on my nail. the ends are already starting to show through.  absolutely horrible. will never go back.
5 I've followed the new owners of this nail salon over from the previous salon they worked at.  I drive 15 minutes to their salon because I haven't been able to find anyone else as good as them!  They are the best and all about attention to detail.
5 The new owners a wonderful.  They are the best in town and service is A+.  Give them a try..you won't be disappointed!!
1 normally i would never return to this shop's review, but i have been personally messaged by the owner with some profane language and threats.  just because i think you run a horrible business and lack any skill at what you do, doesn't mean you can personally message previous customers and harass them.  beware if you leave a negative comment here. he will harass you.
5 Anthony and Kim are awesome. Even when they were at another salon that I went to for about 8 years, I would only let those two work on my nails. Anthony and Kim are professional, CLEAN, energetic and have a great sense of humor. If I could give them 10 starts I would.
4 I went here to get my eyebrows waxed today and was pretty happy with them. I walked in on a whim without an appointment and they took me right away. This was really no spa experience, but it was clean and the girl that did my eyebrows was thorough. The only thing that was a little off putting was that the girl asked if I wanted her to wax other parts of my face...but there is no reason for me to do that as I do not have coarse or dark hair anywhere else on my face....makes me think they are really just trying to make extra money for unnecessary services. Also, when I went to pay with my card, they asked if I had cash and  were pretty insistent on getting cash....a little shady, and then when she gave me change she didn't give me any ones to try to get a larger tip. Overall, I felt like this place was a little shady, but it was inexpensive and they did a good job, so I suppose I can look past these things.
5 Outstanding experience, warm friendly atmosphere
5 This is the best place to go to get your nails done. They are clean and meticulous yet reasonably priced. Its easy to get an appointment or just walk-in. The owners are extremely funny and always make me feel like I've been going there for years, even though I just moved to this area. For all these reasons, I won't go anywhere else.
5 Loved the service I received from Ve, and the hygienic inserts in the pedi spas are wonderful!
5 I called around 4pm on NYE to check if they had an opening for pink and white set, and was able to be seen if I made it there by 4:30pm. I just moved to the area - lucky for me to be seen on short notice!!!  When I sat down, they noted the condition of my nails were in such good shape. (I hadn't gotten my nails done for a LONG time). They recommended I go for the gel nail polish because it would be healthier for my nails. I never had that done before, so I figured why not go for it?! New year, try something new! I'm so glad I did because they came out beautifully. They even give a nice hand massage after completing the service, which was much needed as I type all day at work and for school.  The employees are all really nice, and the clients they had there this evening seemed like regulars. They pleasantly chat with their clients and each other, and it's a relaxing atmosphere. (I'm used to the loud places I've gone to in CA, so this was awesome).  I'd recommend scheduling an appointment if you're on a time crunch. Right now there are four of them, so they do get busy, but they do welcome walk-ins and try to accommodate clients.
3 They were very speedy. They had a lot of people working and I got in right away without an appointment. A couple of my nails are crooked, and the woman didn't take my request about the length into consideration till I repeated it, but everything else was good.
2 Toes were done decently although it seemed to take longer than expected. I was in the pedi chair for about an hour. Because i was getting a shellac manicure, they assumed i already had shellac on and without checking began to file the tops of my nails. I stopped her immediately. French manicure came out horrible which is the main reason for the two stars. The last confirmed the thickness after a couple nails done and then my fault for not checking the rest before baking it on. Half my nail bed is white. Yuck.
5 I have been coming to this salon for a long time, always the nicest people, staff and customers!  Every visit is relaxing, and I never feel rushed through.
5 Excellent nail salon. Professional, friendly, immaculate and accommodating. I appreciate their flexibility in scheduling. My nails always look great!
