4 I really liked the flooring choices and the prices. They were great to work with. Dale Marshall was our sales rep and our installation crew was delightful to share a home with.  We had them come back and do our bathroom as well.  Neat folks!    The only setback was that the follow up was less than I had hoped.  We had a couple issues with the flooring and Dale gave us some immediate help, but the installation specialists all seemed rushed and ready to move on to other projects.
5 Arizona Floors has been a great find! Located right off the SR 51 on Indian School. They have helpful staff, great prices and an amazing selection. I was especially happy with Ryan. He was very helpful in finding a specific tile I needed, as well as pricing on about 15 different types of granite. He was so patient as I had a difficult time deciding. Thanks to Ryan!  I highly recommend Arizona Floors.
4 After obtaining several estimates, I hired Arizona Floors to redo my kitchen/entry/laundry.  They were by far the most responsive, responding quickly to my inquiry and showing up when they promised.  They came in about $800 less than other vendors, and included tearing off and disposing of old flooring.  Their installation crew was a couple hours late, and I had a hard time getting in touch with anyone.  But when they did arrive, they did quick and quality work.  When I am ready to do carpeting, Arizona Floors will get my first call.
5 This company put tile throughout my house and they did an amazing job. They began placing the tiles the way I had asked, but I realized I wanted them slanted instead of straight on. The workers were extremely polite and graciously rearranged the tiles for me. They did such an amazing job and I am so pleased with their work. If you speak to the manager and voice any concerns he will personally deal with them. This company is perfect!
3 A tough review to write.  A mix of good and not so good.  Some of it is not their fault, also.  In our case we needed to replace some damaged flooring (hardwood).  However, our precise hardwood isn't made anymore (or, rather, they changed it so even though it has the same name/number, it's different).  Nobody's fault there.  To the credit of Arizona Flooring, Robert (the owner, I think) helped find a close match.  It's the same wood species, and the color was very close.  But the texture is different.  It was either that or go with something completely different, so we opted for the "close as we're gonna get" choice.  The install didn't go as smoothly as it should have, in my opinion.  Obviously it is more difficult when there is furniture and baseboards already in place compared to coming in on a bare floor with no baseboards.  They tore out the old flooring, and then put in the new.  It seemed to me this crew wasn't as good as they should have been.  When they were done we could see some of the raw wood in the seams, implying the tongue-in-groove wasn't as tight as it should have been.  This is the tough bit because I can't be completely sure if that was their fault or if the wood itself just doesn't seat quite right.  However, their showroom sample didn't exhibit this problem, and neither did most of our floor when they were done, so I tend to think it was the installers.  They used a caulking material that also served as a stain to fill those gaps and (hopefully) color the wood.    They did manage to do nearly the entire job without ripping out our baseboards (which was nice).  Kudos there.  Though we did end up with some dings and scratches in the paint.  Robert was very conscious of customer service.  So I have to give bonus points there.  He was concerned and responsive, doing his best to rectify any problems and make us happy.  That's a good sign.  As I type this we are awaiting "spare" boards (in case we need any repairs in the future).  His crew didn't leave us a box (and they were supposed to).  We did not try their tiling.  Tile is done by a different crew.  So we can't comment on that.  The install I would have to give 2 stars, but that may have just been the one crew.  Selection in the store was perhaps 4 stars (there was a LOT of wood to choose from).  Robert's concern for the customer is probably 5 stars.  Add it all up and I'd have to go with about 3.5 stars, if YELP would allow it.  I think I'll do 3 stars now, and if I have another experience (maybe for some tile we are thinking of doing) I can up it to 4 stars if it goes better.
5 I'd like to start off saying that I am a consumer looking to purchase flooring. Most people, in Arizona, automatically think of lumber liquidators when searching for floors. I decided to look for other suppliers and ultimately chose Arizona Floors for my project. There's a few really great reasons why I chose them over other businesses...  1-They quoted me on the spot, all installation materials (like glue and baseboard) included.   2-when looking for quotes and researching companies I received a quote of $1.29 per sq. ft. for the vinyl flooring I was looking for, after deciding to use AZ Floors I stopped back in there and they re-quoted me $1.49 sq. ft. I brought this up to Ryan Jackson and he contacted his boss and honored the original quote I verbally received a month before From him. I highly appreciate a company who stands by their word!  3-Ryan stopped what he was doing, and immediately gave me his full attention. We found the flooring I needed, discussed installation techniques, and even gave me a few examples of durability by explaining a few local business that have had the same flooring installed in them for years and how their flooring has held up over time.  4-This is a locally owned and operated business, these guys care about the products they offer, and most everything they carried looked of very high quality. They've taken the guess work out of finding a quality lasting product.   I am satisfied with my transaction, customer service, and ordering process... Now let's hope the install goes well and the flooring holds up!  Thanks AZ Floors!
5 I've now hired both professional tile installers and tile installers off of Craigslist, and I can honestly say that using Arizona Floors was worth the extra bit of money. Dennis was GREAT. He helped us pick something affordable from his showroom, showed up as scheduled to do the measurements, and had a guy here on time and ready to work today! And I couldn't be happier with the finished product! I was a little worried when I was given a written quote and then received a call a few days later stating that the price would be slightly higher due to a minor oversight involving the cost reseating of two toilets. I wasn't exactly thrilled - the written quote had come in way under my expectations and the new quote was a bit higher than I had planned for. In the end, I stayed with Arizona Floors, and I'm thrilled with what they've done!
5 Worked with Arizona Floors to install new countertops in kitchen and two bathrooms, and backsplash tile in kitchen.  Robert and his folks are excellent to work with and I appreciate his attention to customer satisfaction.  Workmanship on the installation was outstanding - could not have asked for a better looking result. Installers were prompt, professional and very friendly guys - a joy to have working in our home. Would not hesitate to contact Robert's folks again.
3 Company was very responsive on getting a quote. Once they took deposit wasn't as responsive. Was told they would call me to let me know when my  carpet would be in. I had to call for my own update. Our sales rep was paul. You would think after spending 5k in flooring I would get a phone after installation to see how I liked my flooring?? NOPE! The installation guys were nice. They did nice work, however they were taking personal phone calls all day while cutting and fitting my carpet. After completion of work they left caulking on the new flooring. One of the installers told me if I mopped it, it would come right up. He then knew I was a little upset with how messy the caulking job looked and began to clean the caulking he got on the middle of the floor. I asked them to be-careful with new paint job I just had done on the house. They got some of their adhesive on the wall on top of scratching my wall from bringing carpet up stairs. I  asked Paul to make sure they were careful with the new paint and he didn't seem to see problem with them being not careful. I think the pricing & product wasn't bad. I think the customer service and installers is a weak spot for this company.
