4 Great welcome package to new residents of the area (lots of good coupons and 5 free stamps!).  Cashier was quite friendly and was able to steer me to the best shipping option even though it wasn't what I originally recommended.  This shop just reinforces the UPS store image of being a helpful place to go with all sorts of small business/residential issues.
1 I had to mail an important document within three days, so I opted to spend over $25 for UPS's 2nd-day air service to ensure it would reach the recipient on time. Because the mailing address I provided was a P.O. box, the employee said he would look up the street address. He assured me that the package would reach the destination on time, but when I phoned the recipient 2 days later, they had not seen any sign of my envelope. It turned out that the address the UPS store employee looked up wasn't even in the right zip code, but eventually - and after the deadline, my document reached the recipient. The next day, I tried to phone the UPS store manager (3 times) to ask if anything could be done, but she was unavailable the entire day. I finally got a hold of her the next day, and she told me she would look into it. I hadn't heard back from her in about 4 days, so I tried contacting her again. This time, she thought I was another customer, and when she finally figured out who I was, she said she had put in a claim and would call me back promptly. In the past 2 weeks, I've phoned about a dozen times, and I've only been able to speak with the manager once - for less than a minute. She said she was busy and would need to call me back in 15 minutes. She never called back, so I left her another message at the end of the day. It's been 3 days, and still no communication. I am incredibly dissatisfied with the manager's unprofessionalism and lack of customer service, and i will not be shopping there again. I would have even been satisfied if the manager had contacted me promptly and told me I couldn't be reimbursed.
4 I needed to get my fingerprinting done for my clearance card for the nursing program. Matt was really quick to get it done and really friendly. They also have a great price for the nursing students! I would say my experience was good, 4 stars because there isn't anyone after 3 pm to do the fingerprinting.
