2 So, we've used Roto-Rooter in the past.  Who hasn't?  Today we called Roto-Rooter to handle a leaky master bathroom shower.  My husband figured a washer needed to be replaced, and was sorry he couldn't make it over to do it himself.  Must be slow right now. . . I got a call with an estimate saying the entire valve needed to be replaced and the total would be $325.  When I said, "Huh? My husband thought it was just the washer." I got back in response, well, it's an old house, when we get in there, yada, yada, yada, better to just replace it all.  So after alerting the hub, he called to find out what the guy was talking about and got a different reply. . "I'm sure it will be less than that, we'll let you know how it goes."  Fail. Beware of gender abuse.
1 Terrible prices. Terrible customer service.   Almost $400 for a standard main drain snake. Almost $200 for any other drains.  All of my sinks, showers and toilets were backed up. I had them snake the main drain. Solved my problem. Less than two weeks later my two bathroom sinks are backing up again. I call them, they show up over 2 hours late and tell me it will be another $200 because its a separate drain. Why didn't they tell me this may be an issue the first time they were supposed to fix ALL of the drains. Called customer service and manager was supposed to call me an never did, so I called back the next day. Did not hear back until a day after that (my sinks are sitting there clogged the whole time and I can't use them) Finally I get a call from GREG. He tried to talk over me, was rude and gave me the run around to try and shut me up. I told him I am a new homeowner and have lived in my house for just over a year and they just lost a customer for life. He did not seem to care or want to address the problem.  Go with a small plumbing company they will charge you 1/4 of the price.   Also, instead of nasty Drain-O, go natural and pour dry banking soda down the problem sink, then vinegar and cover the hole, it will force the mixture down the pipe. 20-30 min after that pour a gallon of boiling water down the sink. Repeat this several times on big problem drains. Works like a freaking charm. Didn't believe it until I did it.
3 So.... our teenage daughter ran out of toilet paper. No problem, right?  I'll just use paper towels... for 2 days.  Yeah, it was a mess and Roto Rooter fixed it.  For only $400.00.  so then... they come back the next day to snake a camera thru the pipes.  I think maybe they were looking for problems because well, they found them.  Price quote.... between five to eight thousand dollars to repair some pipes.  Errrrrrrrrrrr..... I don't think so.  Did they do a good job with the problem at hand?  Yep.  Were they expensive?  Yeah.... I guess  Do I think they're now looking for an extra paycheck?    What do you think?
5 i called at 3 in the morning as i knew i had a main line clog - - they were the only plumber who would give me an estimate over the phone.  they showed up  within the hour, provided excellent service and was very nice considering it was 4 in the morning.  i would call them next time and recommend them.
1 Beware of Roto Rooters if you are a woman!  my husband has called them many times in the past for backed up toilets, drains etc and no matter what they have snaked or how long they have been there the bill has always been under $200.  So when our toilet and bath drains started to back up into each other I called them. The guy who came to the property quoted me nearly $500 to fix it and said that is the price... My husband came home during all of this and called the phoenix office/dispatch number and they said it should be $160! So needless to say the guy was thrown off our property.  NEVER AGAIN will we trust a company employing such dishonest tactics.
