3 Your basic dry cleaners, customer service could be friendlier, but isn't what I would classify as rude. Garments are cleaned well and on time, which is pretty much what you want out of a dry cleaner. Haven't had a problem yet
1 This is the worst cleaners store we have ever dealt with. The women that helped us called us a "pendejo" and was doing her nails while we were picking up our clothes. I would never go to this store ever!!!
1 My first visit will be the only visit to this location. I pointed out that my dress has a small champagne spot in front. Picking the cleaned item up I peeked through the plastic and it seemed okay. Unwrapping the dress back home I found out that it was was hung backwards (it looks very similar in the back)  to hide the spot which was still there. I called to inform the employee that I am very disappointed about the service for  $10.25 and the cover-up but she even did not apologize, did not offer a second cleaning service, nor any kind of reimbursement.
1 This store is at best 2 stars, but given a recent incident I refuse to give it anything higher than a 1.  While picking up my clothes the other day, they over charged my debit card by $1,000.  They did quickly reverse the charge, but still--it takes days to return the money.   A major mistake.  Mistake 2 is that I spoke to the owner (I demanded to call him--his name is Peter by the way).  Peter didn't apologize for the mistake, or did he offer any sign of being sorry for the mistake.  It is $1,000 after all--- not $100, not $10, not $0.10.  So several days without this much money makes a difference in most people's lives.  Once the money is returned, I'll reconsider the paragraph above, but for now, I'm considering all other ways in case it doesn't happen.  Even when they do get everything right--it is only ok at best.  The clothes are done in a couple of days, the prices aren't that competitive, and the work is at par.  Thirdly, one particular lady that works there (referenced as 'pendejo' woman in the prior review, is horrible to work with.  She seems mad at the world, and really is careless with every human that walks in the door.  If she reads this, please understand that you have a job...and please do your job the best you can--as it might be the seed for your next opportunity.
4 Legacy dry cleaners is convenient for us.  We have always found Stephanie capable and friendly.  She remembers us and what needs to be done with our cleaning.  I have witnessed incredibly rude and "entitled" customers speak to her like she is their servant.  That is inappropriate behavior under any circumstances!  Treat the staff with courtesy and you won't have any customer service issues.
