5 I had them paint some fenders for my truck and they were awesome!  They are a family owned business and you can tell they take pride in doing a good job and going beyond what is required.  Also they were alot cheaper than the other places I called.  I felt like I was getting an honest price, not the same case with the other auto body shops i called, when I got the "ummm that will be about $500" I knew they were sizing me up.  Anyway you can go to Painters and fell good about the price and feel good about leaving your car with them.
5 Had work done here multiple times.  Family owned and operated and it SHOWS.  Honest estimates and pricing.  Exactly the kind of small home town feel that you would expect.  Can't say enough about the service here.
5 Wow!  These guys are really fair priced.  Do their work quickly.  And do not rip you off.  They took off 45 min worth of work that was written into the quote they gave me without me saying a word.  I called a couple of dealers for a part (drivers power mirror) $190!  They installed one and buffed out a small scratch benith it for $114.  They will get all my future business, I recommend them to anyone.
5 I am so glad I found Painters! They did an amazing job on my H3 bumper!! They were so professional and friendly!! And they were quick! I will use them for any future body repairs and I will refer everyone I know!! Thank you so much!!
5 Honest, fair, timely, and friendly sums it up. They will get all my business from now on.
5 Painter's Auto Body were v helpful, detailed, and fairly priced. They did a great job on my car and were pleasant to deal with.
5 We were rear ended by someone insured by State Farm. Of the 2 nearby body shops that State Farm had listed, Painter's Auto Body had the best reviews so we chose to take our vehicle there to be repaired. We cannot be happier with the quality of service and the friendliness of everyone that works there.  I grew up in the east coast... and am used to seeing some very rude and unwelcoming people.  Sure things get done faster, but it doesn't mean that you feel welcomed and well treated.  Arizona has definitely made us feel welcome with some of the friendliest and welcoming people and businesses and Painters Auto Body is among them.  From first phone call to the moment I drove off after the completed repair, I never once felt cheated nor irritated... instead, I now want to return there any time they are needed.  They have not only repaired the damage, but also without extra charge fixed the rubber that needed to be reglued for the truck bed cover.  They didn't even boast about it either, I only noticed it when I got home.  This is the first time that an auto body shop has ever made me completely happy.  They have a great friendly staff who treats you like you are family...
1 I don't even know where to begin. The only reason they get 1 star is because the lady at the front desk was very nice, and the technicians were nice people..... they just did an awful job on my car. This review is on their job they actually performed on my car.  I was in an accident about 2 weeks ago now. My insurance company recommended this shop, looked through Yelp's good reviews, thought this seemed like a good shop,  lets get this started. The shop took my car in the day after the accident, gave me an estimate and it was approved by my insurance. Process was super easy, quick, and no headaches. A week later my baby is ready to be picked up. When I get there, you can see that the front bumper doesn't fit on correctly, there was grease on my seat on the inside, epoxy stuck all over the place (they didn't clean it up, or off of many places on my car). After driving it around and looking it over again when I got home, I decide its gotta go back, it doesn't look good at all, it doesn't sound right, it doesn't drive right, im not happy. After calling and taking it back they were nice, but looked at me as if I was asking too much. When you can tell a bumper is not put on correctly because you can obviously see it falling off, when there is still a rough idle and when you didn't clean up all the stuff you left..... I don't think I am asking too much, just a decent job as to fixing my car correctly. They adjust the bumper, clean things up and try to do what they can to fix the mechanics. I pick it up for a second time and still not happy. I go ahead and call my insurance company and take my car home, for I am not wanting to fight with Painters again on the bad job they did with my body work. That night I drove to my insurance agents office to show him my car and low and behold, another thing painters didn't do..... plug in my head light and blinker. So not only did they let me leave the shop twice thinking and telling me they were done and did a decent job, they forget to plug in my new headlight and blinker they installed....... REALLY!? I am not sure if they were just in a hurry to get my car in and out as fast as possible and didn't care about quality work, or if they just don't care about any of the work they do.  After days of fighting with the insurance adjuster and the re-adjuster, I had to take my car down to a mechanic shop, pay out of pocket to have it looked at, because painters doesn't have any mechanics at their body shop. Found out what was wrong, got it fixed, then the re adjuster called Painters to have them re-order my bumper. I am still currently waiting on getting my new bumper put on. I was so excited how smoothly things went from the begging hoping this wouldn't be a hassle and now its been over 2 weeks and its been nothing but a pain. Not happy my re adjuster is sending my car back to the same shop to try again for a 3rd time, instead of having another shop take care of my car and probably do a good job the 1st time.
5 My husband and I have both had our vehicles worked on here.  This shop really stands behind their work.  The staff are helpful and friendly.  It is nice dealing with a company that obviously takes pride in their work.
5 Had two vehicles worked on here they are friendly and fair.
5 We have had our vehicle worked on by Painters Auto Body Shop. First, our vehicle was in a rear end accident. Our insurance company recommended this auto shop but we also asked neighbors about the shop and were given honest reviews. Each  neighbor had different work completed, yet they all confirmed the excellent service, auto body work and after-car care they received. With these positive reviews, we met with their initial team for a quote for work needing to bring our vehicle back to 100%.  Their team was thorough and detailed in the needed repairs. After a visit from our insurance reviewer of both the vehicle's needs and the proposed scope of work & cost, he approved both. Painter's team ordered needed parts, paint color and began working on repairing our vehicle. They stayed in contact with us regarding any changes in work or our initial deadline due to delay in ordered parts. We appreciated the head's up so we could work around the return of our vehicle.  We picked up a vehicle that looked great. Inside and out were clean and ready to be picked up. We went over the repairs, what we could see and those that were repaired as part of the infrastructure. They answered any enquiries we had & confirmed if we had any issues after driving our vehicle, we were to phone, make an appointment so they would have an available man  to review our concerns and work on  our vehicle. We were pleased that we did not have any issues with their repairs & paint job.  We highly recommend Painter's Auto Body Shop for any work you may need for your vehicles, antique to brand new. They also have other areas where they show the same care and concern. Please feel free to visit their shop to see their quality work as well as meet the PABS TEAM that will take the best care of you and what you bring into their shop.
5 Had my truck repair some at Painters after being rear ended. My truck was done in a week. Paint job and repairs were some correctly,  they even repair a dent I had that was not due to the accident. They are very friendly,  knowledgeable, and helpful. I will bring my next vehicle here for repairs,  definitely.
