2 I currently live here and wish I had never gotten into a lease with these people.  Our water gets shut off probably around every couple of months and that's being generous.  They're constantly turning the water off for the entire complex because some of the apartments are not getting hot water.  The water has been shut off probably around 4-5 times since I have lived here, and I moved in, in May 2011.  During the summer when they shut the water off, there was also no A/C because it's all connected.  There is no running water as I'm writing this review!  I've had to call maintenance 4 times that I can remember since I have lived here.  Once because the doorknob came off the linen closet, twice because the garbage disposal wasn't doing its job and once because the shower head was so rusted that no water would come through it.  Once the lease is up, I'm out of here.
1 Worst ever all sorts of plumbing issues. Water is shut off for hours and hours up to 26 hrs is the record don't live here
1 Water is shut off at first monthly, then biweekly, now weekly, and off for hours! No notice is given!! Pools look terrible, green with algae, never are the two pools open at the same time. Over this past summer the pools were closed on a weekly basis. One may be open for a few days and then locked up again for another few days to a week! The washer/dryers on each floor has at least one of them broken or one of each broken. Management in the office never seem to know what's going on but one of the ladies, she is a sweetheart! Maintenance NEVER come by when they say they are, your lucky if it's the same week you called. Elevators are always broken or need repairs, guests are always stuck in them for an hour to hours long!!! Fire department has been called a few times to open/help the ones stuck in them! Our AC was shut off for 1 1/2 days, during 110° days! If yours  want to live here it's at your own  risk, the hassle is not worth the headache!!!!
1 I live here and have for about two years, and can't wait to get out if here! The water is turned off with no notice, come home from work wanting to shower or do dishes and can't, and never know when it will be turned back on.. Kids are everywhere which is fine until they tear apart the bushes and trees, throw rocks at your windows.  We got a notice on all of our doors talking about the noise complaints going on and to make sure us and our guest follow the rules and respect everyone.  90% of the time the noise and fighting between adults is someone part of the maintenance guys family.. Don't tell me and  the residents to be respectful when you hire someone and house them here , that can't do it! I'm so done with them place and the noise and constant yelling .
1 Not very good. It smells like marijuana most of the time. Its sad that I have gotten used to that smell. The laundry room is ridiculous. You get a card and you put money on it and when you use it on a laundry machine, it usually reads Error, yet still takes money off your card. The women in the office are rude. Their attitude is pathetic. Maintenance is a horror story. They come unannounced most of the time and forget about awful problems around here. My dishwasher was apparently leaking water into the apartment below me, into the poor woman's cabinets. of course, I had no way of knowing that, but it took them about a month to fix it. They said, "Run your dishwasher and we'll check and see if its leaking and get back to you." Did it, and they never came back for several weeks. They came back and told me it was my dishwasher (it took three of them to decide that) and they were going to replace the entire dishwasher. They left a mess in the kitchen when they replaced it. My husband threw the mess they made outside of the apartment and said, "They can pick it up." Eventually they did! It was the least back breaking work for them I guess.
