5 Awesome plumbing company. I've been frustrated trying to find a really good plumber. I got four estimates. PlumbSmart came in 33% under everyone else and they did awesome work. The owner's name is Wayne. He's a super dude. Highly recommend him.
5 This morning was the third time I have called upon PlumbSmart's services and I will continue to do so in future. They are friendly, courteous, efficient, and William cleans up after the work is completed without any prompting from me.
5 Being an out-of-state landlord can be stressful when you get a random phone call from your tenant saying the garbage disposal is gushing water. I jumped on CraigsList and found ad ad for PlumbSmart and gave them a call. Usually I call a couple different places but they were very nice on the phone and their price to come and replace the disposal on that very same day was very good (granted its my first go-round with a disposal).  The technician was late for the appointment, but he did give my tenant a heads up so I won't take away a star for that. Communication is key. He fixed up the disposal quickly and my tenant said he was a very nice guy.  I'll keep their number handy for any future issues I may have with my rentals.
2 Be careful with these guys. We had an issue with our outdoor plumbing and received 2 quotes from different companies. The first plumber told us we needed to Replace all the pipes as well as our anti-siphon valve. He quoted us 250-275.  The next day we called out Plumbsmart for a quote. Dan came out. He told us that we did NOT need to replace all of the pipes and that he could fix our leak for just under 250. We were happy with this and excited that we didn't need to replace everything.  A few days later Dan  came out to do the work. The leaking contined after his work was done. So we calls Plumbsmart again. For $250, we expected NO dripping.  Someone came back out and "fixed" the problem. I have no idea what was done at this point, but now the pipe was dripping even more! So, again we called Plumbsmart. This time they sent out Byron. He worked on the pipe and told us to "watch it for future leaks" and if the leak wasn't fixed we would need to replace everything including the anti-siphon valve.  Of course, when I turned on the irrigation valve that night, his work burst within a few seconds and we had to call him back out. We were told we would be serviced in the late morning. We got the 10a-12p slot. At noon, we called to find out where the plumber was. We were told he had an emergency and couldn't come out until 4p. Fine, no problem. I understand that emergency situations arise. But it is good customer service to call and let people know that you are running behind. At 5p, still no one had come out. At this point we call again. Now they're on their way. When Byron arrived he replaced all of the piping and the anti-siphon valve for another $260. The pipes are fixed now and all is well. But I am extremely unhappy about the manner in which the work was performed. I would have much rather paid the money upfront to have everything replaced as the original plumber had quoted me. By doing the work in pieces over a 2 week period, Plumbsmart managed to charge us just over $500 for work that should have never reached that amount of money. I wish we would have gone with the original plumber. But, lesson learned. I will not be giving Plumbsmart my business again.  I am giving them 2 stars ONLY because once the work was done, it was quality work. Though it was not worth 2 weeks of headaches, and a $500 bill.
2 Very disappointed with PlumbSmart of Mesa, AZ.  They sold and installed a brand new electric water heater in my home on 3/24/2012.  The water heater failed in January 2013, so we called them back.  Naturally they would stand behind this 10 month new water heater, right? Wrong! I will spare the details of my go-'rounds with PlumSmart, but they actually charged me $175 for a replacement water heater (Oh - but the labbor was "free").  The water heater manufacturer could not help, because the installer is supposed to register the S/N of the installed H2O heater with the manufacturer - - and PlumbSmart had not done so.  The whole idea of having to pay for any part of a 10 month old new water heater installation left a bad taste in my mouth. I can not recommend PlumbSmart for new appliances.
5 PlumbSmart provided superior service from beginning to end.  They were able to repair a badly damaged sewer pipe with only one day's notice.  I was particularly pleased with their attention to care when cleaning up the landscape after the job was completed.  Their competitive pricing and excellent service make them my first stop for all future plumbing needs.  Thank you to Wayne and the whole team!  -Scott B
4 Updating my review after receiving a follow-up letter from a Wayne Decker from PlumbSmart.    Wayne read about our experience with the company and wrote to express his apologies along with a $260 check to make up for the extra expenses I described in my previous review.  He also enclosed a $25 gift card to Outback Steakhouse.    I was pleasantly shocked and surprised by the act of kindness on the part of the company.  I am impressed that our poor experience was not only noticed, but also that the company made an effort to reach out to us and try to improve our experience.    My feelings about using this company again have certainly changed. I would be willing to use this company again now that I can see that the company is a bit more honest and fair than I previously experienced. :-)  Wayne--I hope you read this and receive my thanks for the letter.
