3 Had the steak tacos here.  They were very, very good.  Then went to another Filibertos on Skyline in Queen Creek and they were just awful.  Afraid to go to the others around here.
2 Service- The girls there are always nice and friendly, the food comes out pretty fast, but sometimes the breakfast burritos aren't always what you order so make sure you check your bag before you leave or else. It usually stays clean inside and out.  Food-I've tried everything, but nothing really makes me want to come back, I only go back for my grandparents who seem to just accept this place as a mexican joint near the house. Id' say if the hot sauce went to the tomatoe type hot sauce and they had chips, it would help as well as a smaller choice of tacos with "homemade tortillas" it would separate themselves as an acceptable mexican restaurant.  As you can see I don't have much to say about a certain type of plate because they are easily forgettable. STEP UP your game a little my friends. Although, I'll still come back with my grandparents. This is my review.
2 My mistake!!! I thought it was a good idea to swing by this Filiberto's and grab some Super Nachos.... something quick and easy! The whole visit wasn't quick or easy and the food was meh..... after having to wait 20 minutes in the drive through I was HANGRY!!! Who has to wait 20 minutes in a drive through for food, the point of a drive through is to get your food quick and easy! This Filiberto's definitely doesn't believe in quick.  After becoming quite hangry I finally got my food and drove all the way home. When I got home, my food was cold! Are you kidding me!? We live in AZ no way on my drive home did my food get cold, it was already cold when they gave it to me. The meat was very dry and tasteless! Needless to say I ended up wasting 20 minutes of my time getting my food and ended up throwing it away and cooking something at home! Lets get it together Filibertos!!
4 out of all of the Filiberto's this is my favorite. they are always busy, which usually means two IMPORTANT things...1) the food is good 2) the food is fresh. another important thing to notice is that you even see hispanic folks eating here, that means it is fairly authentic. you can't beat homemade Mexican food but this is pretty darn close! i like that they play spanish music playing almost all the times i go in there too
1 If there was a lower rate I would diff do that this place sucks so bad they don't speak English manager doesn't care she is so out of it doesn't even kno what's going on the employees don't kno how to follow a order that a customer puts in and on top of all that I got the worst burrito made wrong twice talk about losing money on their end!!! And I will diff not come here again and that's for sure!!! Horrible place!!
4 This is a fast food chain, so I'm not expecting a dining experience. In fact, when it comes to these types of restaurants, I'm really only rating the food and the price. The food here is great and you can't beat the price. Yes, it seems a bit dirty, and yes the customer service is a bit lax, but I was sort of expecting that.
