2 "Unhappy Workers Leaves Dissatisfied Customers"   It is a big store that is open 24 hours in a part of town that has been known to be on the 10 o'clock news from time to time.  However, there is something going on in management that makes you feel like everyone is unhappy or unwilling to help.  It took me while to get some one to help me out to get a passport photo and they would not honor the online discount that I had written down the code on a piece of paper.  Other customers were waiting and even the workers were complaining in public that they are over worked.  Scary.    If you are here, make sure you don't need any help or discount getting it.  Just purchase and move on and don't expect anything more.    Check useful, funny, or cool if you think so.
3 Okay, so I took my baby to Good Night Pediatrics recently and so this was the closest 24hr pharmacy that took my insurance...so yeah. I haven't actually ever been in this store, So I really can't review on that. BUT, I have gone through the drive thru for the pharmacy...at first I was going to give this CVS a two stars, BECAUSE the first associate and pharmacist that helped me, I wasn't really impressed and when I first picked up my prescriptions, the pharmacist usually needs to review the rx's with you, but the chick just handed me the bag, said,"have any questions?"..LOL...but I did a tard move recently....I administered my baby her first dose, had my 6 yr old close the bottle and place in the refrigerator... then 12 hrs later went to give my baby another dose...DIDN'T check the cap...shook the bottle, THEN got that awesome pink, bubble gum scented amoxicillin all over myself, my baby, the carpet, and couch....AWESOME! I know :) HA! So, I just called over to the pharmacy this morning and the pharmacist was like, "it happens all the time". I just thought, "Really? Cause its first tard move for me" ...lol. Don't know if she was just being nice...anywho she called and checked if my insurance would waive the cost for the rx since it had no refills and yada, yada, yada...hehe...long story, short...I cleaned up the 10 days worth of amox off my carpets, couch, bathed my baby, and got a new rx...I'm happy!
3 I try and rate things based on what I believe they SHOULD be for their genre of establishment. This CVS isn't dirty, and the staff isn't rude, but there's just something about this place that feels a bit.....ghetto. I always try to be in an out of here quick (though that never seems to be the case). I give this place three stars because #1 they're slow as hell, and #2 I'm just not feeling the vibe. If you need to run into a pharmacy quick to grab some toothpaste, this place is fine. But lets be real, if there was a Walgreens one block down I would be going there for my Rxs.  Overall, this place is "A-OK" as Yelp would say, but only for in and out purchases.
4 Had a quick run in and out at this location. Like other CVS stores this location was well organized and in the same structure making it easy to locate the items I needed.   I went during lunch time and there was minimal waiting and the cashier was extremely friendly. I did not have my CVS discount card which was no problem the cashier rang in my number and I was still able to obtain some great savings. I will stop in again.
4 I come here for film developing, so I really hope they don't discontinue that, although they have threatened to in the past. Debbie is the gal that does my photos and she does an excellent job every time. She scans every single frame, even the bad ones (I want the bad ones too) and she makes it easy and affordable for me to get the quality service I need. I hope if she ever had the opportunity that she would become pro at this. If CVS makes the mistake of discontinuing this service, I'd have no other reason to come here.  Oh, I should also add, Sabrina is a really friendly cashier. I used to buy cigarettes here before I quit and she was always good conversation. Like, extraordinarily good. It isn't often I come to a chain store and leave in a better mood than when I came in.
1 24 hours to wait for a prescription is ridiculous! Hore more people or something. People need their meds!! I wish there was another pharmacy that accepted my insurance. I'm willing to pay cash at this point to go somewhere that can actually have a decent turn around.
