2 Ohh I wish there was a different hardware store in Maricopa.  The most annoying part of this Ace Hardware is how they ask you every 2 minutes if you need help.  Annoying if you have already told several of them "NO", and in most cases the same person several time.   Most people either know what they are looking for, or have the common sense to ask.  If im not in a rush ill drive into town as opposed to go here.  Most items are overpriced compared to home depot or lowes
2 I absolutely dread coming to this store.  Maricopa can't get a Home Depot or Lowes quick enough.  Its nice they are here for extreme emergencys, but if given the option I will drive into town every time.  The employees must have some rule they have to ask you if you need help if they get within 10ft of you (even if they heard someone else ask you, or they just asked you) gets so annoying.  Their prices are also higher than home depot or lowes
4 Given the alternative of driving into Chandler or Casa Grande to hit a big box store like Home Depot or Lowe's, I'm very happy having a local Ace store.  Yes, the employees DO constantly ask if you are finding everything OK.  Whether this is out of genuine concern or some corporate mandate to decrease shrink, it really doesn't matter to me.  At least they are always there if you need them.  You can't get that from an orange apron.  Ace is overpriced by comparison, but they also carry many items that you don't have a chance in the world finding elsewhere.  I had Ace build and install my solar screens on my home.  I am very happy with the way they turned out and are working.  A recent dust storm took one of the screens down the street and destroyed it.  A quick call to the store and I was all set up with a new order for the screen, and we worked out a deal, as the install had only taken place this past spring.   I was expecting a "well, we can't just be giving these away" conversation, but what I got was great customer service.  So, that's why I go back!  And the kids like the popcorn (nice touch).
4 Everyone in the store is helpful and if they dont have it or can't do it they have always given me a number of someone local that can! Found our locksmith from them. They are helpful and the military discount on Wednesday and the free popcorn is always good! Great for small things needed for repairs and they have a little bit of everyhting.
4 It's funny what some think is annoying, others really like.  I like them asking if they can help.  It's so refreshing compared to most other stores where you have to hunt down someone to ask help and then are told "its not their department".   The only place I don't like to be approached and constantly asked if they can help is while shopping for a car. LOL  Anyway, great place if you aren't headed into Chandler or Casa Grande, and yes they are a bit overpriced, but then again so are Walgreens and any other "smaller" store.  Glad they are in Maricopa.
4 Terrific service!  Knowledgeable friendly staff.  They pretty much have everything you could need.  I would give them 5 stars except their prices are unreasonable.  As they're the only place in town, sometimes it makes sense to pay the inflated price and save a drive into Phoenix.  Oh, and their lumber is subpar.  Really the worst you can find....  warped and knotty.
3 The people are very helpful prices are very high Maricopa needs a Home Depot or a second choice for a store
