5 This place is great!  I was referred here by a friend and I'm glad I was.  After moving here from out of state, I needed to have a regular checkup/cleaning.  It's always tough trying to find a doctor or dentist.  It can be intimidating.  They've always been super flexible with helping me find a time for my appointment amidst my often odd schedule.  They're also very nice and they've always taken great care of me.  if you're in the northern Phoenix area I highly recommend them!
1 I had high hopes for this dental office - I really (really) wanted to like them. In this day and age, it's upsetting that it's so hard to find good, honest, decent Dentists and Doctors. It seems that many practices care about one thing, and it's not the patient.   After my previous dentist moved out of state, I went looking for for a replacement. My teeth have always been fairly routinely cared for. With the exception of not flossing as much as I know I should, my teeth are in average condition. Before my initial visit was even complete, I was told I needed a deep cleaning, and several thousand dollars worth of services. Just like a used car, there are always services you *can* perform, they just aren't always a necessity. I *can* get my fluids in my 6 month old truck changed, but do I really need to? - no.   After explaining my budgetary concerns - and, requesting they give me a list of the more important dental services I needed - we settled on just the deep cleaning for the day. Let me interject by stating, not all dentists charge the same amount of money. In fact - as I'm learning - the cost variances can be quite vast. Places like this are part of the reason health and dental insurance premiums have gotten so out of control. For example, with my current insurance, my out-of-pocket cost for a "deep cleaning" at my beloved old dental office would have been $150-200. At Happy Valley Family Dentistry, I was told my out of pocket cost for the very same procedure were going to be $1241. I understand that not all dental offices are created equal, but over $1000 more out of pocket? After politely declining services, the Office Manager got involved and immediately cut the bill in half. Keep in mind, the bill was was she cut in half, not the services. Even at half, that was simply out of my budget. As I was about to get out of the hygienist chair, the Office Manager (yet again) reduced the price. I was told she could do $430 and I could make payments, and I could have services performed right this second, but I would need to make a decision now. Being that I was tired and just wanted to find a regular dentist again, I went ahead with the service. I was given six months to pay the bill, which I did in full.   In the next couple months, I also had a couple cavities filled, as well as a routine, basic cleaning. The amount that I paid was about quadruple was my old office would have charged. Not wanting to switch dental offices again, I paid in full at the time services were rendered.   Fast forward another six months, to when I received a very large bill in the mail from HVFD. Not only was I told that I actually owed another $50 on my initial deep cleaning, but that I owed several hundred dollars more for my couple cavities - the same cavities I had already paid $120 each for out of pocket.   These outrageous bills aren't commonplace. The reason these happen is because practices such as HVPD try to charge the insurance companies exorbitant amounts of money for services that don't warrant such a high price point. They will try to sneak in minuscule, inexpensive services and increase the price to such levels, that the insurance company has no choice but to deny payment. I understand that they're a business and trying to make money, but at what cost?   If you take anything from this review, let it be to do your homework before settling on a dental office. Compare them with other practices. There are still decent Dentists out there, this just unfortunately isn't one of them.
4 I have been a pateint of Happy Valley for 3 years now. This team really has grown and has added new faces. I have always been treated very well by Dr Ali and his hygienist's are amazing. Very detailed. I always look forward to my visits.
