4 Called in the morning after someone noticed bee activity in our block wall. Paid $165 for extermination - took about 15 minutes w/ 2 people to isolate & exterminate. They offer a 90 day warranty in case the bees come back. It seemed a bit steep pricewise, but I didn't do any comparison shopping and they were professional and came within a couple of hours of calling. Would definitely use again!
5 After using some so-called triple A pest control place with disastrous results , I decided to try the Beekeeper. They came within an hour and quickly found a hive that the 'triple A' place overlooked. Gave a great guarantee and explained everything so I could understand. Haven't had any problems since. Knock on wood.
5 Called and I think I talked to the owner. He was very pleasant to talk with and professional. Had a technician at the house within 15 minutes which I really appreciate. I called around for a couple times for quotes and their prices were competitive.
5 We had bees swarming under the eves of our house. The first company we called, Mountain View Pest Control, charged us $395 and did essentially nothing. The bees never left and now the company won't return our calls. My bad for not researching them. If I had I would have found their rightfully deserved negative reviews and discovered that they are not BBB accredited.   I called The Beekeeper next. Marde-Sue came out, took a look, put on her protective suit and went to work. In less than 15 minutes she was done. She then took the time to explain what she'd done and what I could expect. The bees are now gone. Marde effectively eradicated the problem and it cost me less than $200. I can see why The Beekeeper is BBB accredited with an A+ rating. Thanks, Marde-Sue, for coming to the rescue!
1 There was a swarm of bees under the roof of my house between the eves cover and the roof.  I called the BeeKeeper at 4:00 pm.  They said they would be out within 1 hour and a 2 story house would be no problem.  They quoted a price of $155.00.  I instructed them to come right out.  BeeKeeper arrived approximately one hour later, so far so good.  The serviceman was clean, friendly and presentable.  He confirmed the extermination price of $155.00 saying there would be an additional charge for removal and repair.  I gave him the go ahead.  He sprayed the nest area that is obscured by the soffet covering.  When he was finished spraying, the BIG up-sale began.  He said there would be a charge for hive removal and house repair.  The quoted price was $490.00 for removal AND $490.00 for repair.  These outrageous prices could have been disclosed during the confirmation period.  I asked whether there was a warranty and what would happen if I left the hive as is.  He said there is NO warranty without removal and that the bees could return if no hive removal.  I obviously said NO to his quote saying I could pay for many bee exterminations at the up-sale price.  I recommended just sealing the access area to the bees but that was not of interest to him.  I plan to use simple screening to close off this access and save myself a Grand ($1000.00).  To sum it up, the foot in the door moves were graded and "A", however the up-sale tactics failed the overall experience.  I suspect this is a common tactic with many of these businesses so my best advice is to not act hastily and make an informed decision.
3 I'm knocking off two stars because although they showed up promptly and were friendly and professional when dealing with our bee problem in our case it seemed to be a bit of a bait & switch.  We had a pile of bees that had invaded our irrigation valve control boxes. As a buddhist-when-convenient inundated with science news about colony collapse disorder my first inclination was to move the bees as opposed to exterminating them (a risky proposition since they were almost certainly africanized). We looked into a number of live bee removal companies and settled on this one since they appeared to offer live bee removal for around $155, about half the price of what I was quoted from another beekeeper in the valley who offers live removal, maintains hives in the desert, and sells the honey from them (Dan Punch). The buddhist-when-not-convenient side of me regrets that decision.  After arriving at our house about 45 mins from the dispatch call the first thing the beekeeper mentioned was that they wouldn't be able to move the bees under certain conditions (if extensive honeycomb was present IIRC). He then promptly demolished and exterminated the hives in the boxes in about 10 minutes. Live removal of bees is a much more involved process and I can certainly see why they prefer to exterminate, but I wish they'd been more up front about their preconditions for live bee removal. Instead, it seems to me that they offer live bee removal for an attractive price with preconditions that almost always result in extermination. Otherwise I would have compared them to extermination companies who charge half as much to just exterminate bees.
