1 I frequented Prestige cleaners because it was in close proximity to where I lived at the time. It was conveninent and I was new to the 'dry-cleaning drive-thru' concept....what a great idea!! What I was not accustomed to....was a dry cleaners losing my clothes....TWICE!! The thought of someone else in Scottsdale walking around in my clothes was disturbing!! First they lost a cashmere sweater (that I only wore once!!) and then a pair of pants that was part of a suit! After numerous whining episodes they reimbursed me for what they deemed was the cost. Apart from that somehow whatever the process they use - they were notorious for cracking all of the shell buttons on my shirts....so needless to say all of my Prada shirts have chipped buttons YAY - at least they have good taste!!  HA!! I will never go back! I will never go back! I will never go back!!
4 Never had any problems, left something in my pocket it was returned.  Same day service is great!
2 I've been a Prestige customer for the better part of a decade and usually found the service overall to be great. However, I am no longer going to this location (or Prestige at all) after two repeated incidents this Spring.   I took in a batch of 8 items (career clothes and my newest "going out" outfits). Everything came back with an AWFUL order of B.O. They couldn't possibly have been cleaned, or cleaned in a good solution. They smelled like they had been rubbed with an old shoe. I took the whole batch back, asked what they thought the problem might be, and actually was accused of trying to "dupe" them because two items were on different hangers (from my closet). They agreed to re-do the whole batch, but couldn't answer my questions about whether they had changed cleaning solutions, needed to change the solution, are using a new type of plastic bag, etc.  Second batch smelled same as the first. I have tried airing out these clothes, spraying with Fabreeze. Nothing. I don't know what they could possibly be doing to make clothes smell worse then when they came in. I really can't recommend Prestige any longer and am hunting for someone new in the Scottsdale/PV  area. I will drive 10 miles if necessary, but I will not pay to have clothes smell this bad. I can't find replacements even though they were purchased within the past 5 months. I'm really disappointed.
5 I've been coming to Prestige for  years. Always outstanding service from employees who seem to love their job. Kudo's to Prestige management for taking care of their employees..it shows in their level of service to the customers.
