1 Visited their website and filled out a form for a CASH quote. I requested to be ONLY contacted via email and got a call within minutes. The voicemail that was left on my phone stated that they received a referral from MY insurance agent that I was looking to get my windshield replaced. The VM when on to explain that it could be covered under insurance or they could give me a quote to pay out-of-pocket.  I love that the very first interaction I have with this company is total BS!!! My insurance company has NO IDEA that my windshield needs replaced and they would never call a random glass center to have them notify me. I explained in my quote request I was paying cash and only wanted to be contacted via email with the price for replacement. Not only did they call, they lied and I didn't even get the quote.  I will not only never use this place, I will tell everyone to stay away.  If an owner/manager reads this, change your phone scripts to at least not have lies embedded in them.
5 I have used clear cut glass for years , times when I've had glass coverage , times when I haven't , and times where the only reason I called was a question. They've always went above and beyond. They have accommodated my busy schedule. I have never had a chip repair fail , which they advised me could happen. I've never had a billing or inconsistency in price. Clear cut glass is one of the top service providers of any business in the valley.
4 I was referred to this company by State Farm Insurance.  They contacted me to schedule an appt and showed up on time as promised.    The replacement went well and I was happy with their service.  A few days later (the first time on the freeway for me) I noticed a loud wind sound when my speed exceeded 45 MPH.  I called them back and they came out the very next to fix it.    A suggestion:  Narrow the window for service.  In this day and age it's hard to stay put for a 4 hour window.     Overall - we were totally satisfied with their service.  We will use them again (providing they don't call us every 3 months going forward to try and sell it to us)
5 A company that truly stands behind their work! I had an issue with my windshield that was replaced by them over seven years ago. I spoke with Billy and explained the issue. He was very understanding and regardless of the years in-between, he took care of the issue without any problems. I would highly recommend this company. Excellent customer support!
