4 This place is pretty big place with just tons of options of every type of flooring you can think of.  We didn't actually buy our floors here because we just found a certain color shade for the same price elsewhere but we really liked the store.  I wish I would have gone back to get the underlayment for our laminate floors because they had a lot of options, when Home Depot only had 2.
4 When they say floor, they mean it!!  They have a wide selection, and their price on what I needed was 30% less than their competitors. Will definitely be back...
4 Floor and Decor is FABULOUS.  They have a great selection of flooring products (all except carpeting, which doesn't bother me in the least) and their prices are far better than Home Depot or Lowes.  They have great and knowledgeable associates and we were able to get all of our questions answered and left with the luxury vinyl plank flooring that we were hoping for.
1 Worst customer service ever, called up to find out if my order had come in, I get a girl who clearly cant speak or even understand English I had to repeat myself 4 times to her and she still couldn't understand me, then I get put on hold for 15mins, I then hang up and call back oh and what happens same girl I mean seriously why dont they get some decent staff I then tell the other girl that comes on the line how unprofessional it is and poor communication and I don't appreciate to be put on hold for 15min, She didnt even have the decency to apologize just carried on. Will not be going back there.
1 Floor and Décor deserves 0 stars for the costumer service that they provide!!!!!  Be aware that the customer service at the store is awful. I'm having some troubles with my recent purchase and the girl answering the phone just keep hanging up on me. I hope I can speak with the store manager "Jed Hauser" but I have not been able to reach him because the trashy  receptionist won't let my call to go through. At this point they are not answering my calls any more. A simple help call has turned in to a 45 min drive to the store to resolve my problem.
3 There are so many materials here that you have to spend at least two hours. At least. I can't review the customer service as I didn't engage anyone for assistance. But the location is huge, tons of choices, and I love that they have previously put together designs to inspire you and so that you can see what the tiles (etc) will look like in a collection.
1 Terrible customer service the checkout has no idea what they are doing everybody who works here walks around with their head in the clouds no organization, no professionalism, no communication, I paid for grout and waited 45 minutes for them to get it from a pallet??!!! Good job 5 stars for the worst place to shop...
