5 Staff is always nice and it is great they are open 24 hours.
2 Tried to get my kiddo's passport photos taken here and they tried to pass up an extremely blurry pic as perfectly a-ok. The manager was useless. They have updated the inside of this walgreens.
1 This is in NO WAY a 3 1/2 star Walgreens. I've been here 6 times and it's a NO STAR. My last visit broke the camel's back. The last trip has to do with the pharmacy. BS experience. Dr. called in prescription at 1:30pm.  5:45 arrived at Walgreen's. Drive thru was double lanes and each lane had 3 cars. CRAP CRAP CRAP my daughter sucks (just got a diagnosis YAAAAAY) and I have to go in. Husband says he will go in and I will drive crazy around, you are welcome Walmart store and customers.  Fine. I come back to pick him up about 5 minutes later and then wait another 5 minutes. No problem, we saw the drive thru. Husband says: they just pulled up the prescription, it will be another 20 minutes. WHAT???? Called in at 1:30pm and still not ready (this is a standard medicine, not rocket science). BREATHE... ok fine, heading to the library down the street we can pick it up on the way home. An hour later we go back to Walgreen's. (I got some great books regarding my daughter's diagnosis btw. My husband comes out and says.... they just put an over the counter medicine in the bag and made me pay full price for it.  $10.99 plus tax. WTF. My insurance the medicine is covered. No out of pocket cost, but I deal with the insurance not husband. So I get out of the car and go in for my refund. Look, I hate this store, so I'm not spending money in here anymore, and I know a shitty box store that sells this medicine for less if I'm going to pay out-of-pocket.  THOSE ASSSSSSHoles were LAZY LAZY LAZY and just trying to get rid of a customer's prescription by putting a shelf medicine in an RX bag and charging their customer. I explained that my insurance covers the medicine and I wasn't going to pay out of pocket if it's covered, he mumbled something about putting the liquid into a bottle and then putting a label on it. FU LAZY ASS.  You suck. Prescription is being filled by another Pharmacy ASSHATs and a nasty gram to the corporate.  THIS MEDICINE WAS FOR AN INFANT YOU JERKOFF.  Happy Halloween Yelpers.
