4 The downtown campus is so nice.  It's a quick bike ride from my house, and I can hit the public market on the way home.  It is modern and clean, so unlike the liberal arts classrooms in Tempe.  The campus has a more progressive feel than the Tempe campus, too.  Maybe that's a result of having the social work, nursing, and journalism programs located here.  Desktops have integrated plugs for your laptop, as opposed to the 20 cords competing for 8 outlets in Cowden Hall in Tempe.  I think it's ridiculous that the offices and bookstore think they're supporting working students by staying open until 5:30 p.m., though.  Unless you work on or adjacent to campus, you can't accomplish anything without taking time off from work.  I hope ASU downtown embraces the independent downtown culture, rather than driving it away.  Let's not have Mill Ave. Part 2, PLEASE!
4 I love the Downtown Campus. It's small, it's clean, and it's in a great location. True, some people might be put-off by the homeless man sleeping right outside the school building. I think that's just part of urban life.   There are quite a few dining options within walking distance of campus. Also, the light rail and the YMCA are also within walking distance. I'm not a big fan of the split-campus style with part of the campus sitting on the corner of 7th St and Van Buren but there are worse things.
4 I'm applying to Grad School and I am so excited that most of my classes will meet here. It's right off the light rail and just a few blocks from downtown for those of us urbanites. It really doesn't get more convenient than this.  There are ample coffee and alcohol vendors closeby by for blowing off steam or cramming. Food options, not so much but Bowl of Greens is a good healthy alternative.
5 I love the ASU downtown Campus. I started studying there in the fall of 2008, when Taylor Place dorms first opened up. It is a very clean, safe, and bustling campus. There is always something to see and do, but it has a smaller feel than Tempe, which I like. It's very close to Civic Space park and the lightrail. The starbucks in the TP dorms is one of the nicest ones around, and it's not just for college students. The Cronkite building is state-of-the-art, and the UCENT building provides great library, classroom and study space. ASU is my alma mater and my husband's alma mater and I couldn't be happier with the experience both of us had here.
