4 I drive about 15 miles to get to this place.  I used to work out here and went to this place all the time, and have only had one bad experience, and that was a long time ago.  The prices are a little more than typical, but it's really nice to be able to talk to someone and understand what they say back in a nail salon.  I see some of the same faces I have seen for years too, which is really nice.  The best part is they treat my daughter wonderfully.  She has down syndrome, and sometimes people are not sure how to treat her.  They treat her extra special.  Thanks, Power Nail and Spa.  We'll be back.
5 I was very pleased with my experience here. I was greeted as soon as I walked through the door & was shown to a pedicure chair where I waited about 15-20 mins before a tech was available... Not a bad wait time considering it was mid afternoon on a Sunday. I believe the techs name was Tammy & she did a fantastic job. It's been two weeks & the polish still looks great. Another factor I feel is important is the cleanliness...Power Nail & Spa was definitely very clean. All in all they were professional, well experienced, and friendly. I'll definitely be back.
4 Had a great experience at Power Nail, and despite the name they did all 10 of my nails ;) They are friendly and good at what they do.
3 Happy with the quality of services and time management. Staff was very friendly and the facility is super clean. That being said holy cow was it over priced. For a basic shellac Mani/Pedi and a child Pedicure without polish my total was $80 plus 20% tip $95. Way more then I had expected to spend. My fault for sure as I didn't check the price Brochure. I just assumed my total would be around $50 as that's about what I pay at other places for the same services and quality. I definitely won't be returning to this facility because of the cost, however if cost isn't an issue for you definitely check it out.
5 This place is pretty great! I like how if they are too busy to work you in right away that they get you set up in the pedi chair so you can start relaxing. I haves seen some comments about the prices, but a basic pedi is 23 and that includes hot stone. That is a complete pedi too, with massage. Possibly other services are higher priced than normal. The same staff have been there forever. Tammy is the best, but because she is the best she is almost never open unless you book in advance. It is a great location too! I suggest to go early if you go on the weekends. They have good, current magazines and great polish options!
5 Locally owned (the lovely owner, Annie, is also there almost every day!), super clean, tastefully decorated, and friendly staff! I had my acrylic nails done here for years before I decided not to wear nails anymore. They are so meticulous, and I am PICKY! Pedicures include warm, scented towels, and hot stones, no extra charge. Divine! They have enough pedicure chairs to have a large wedding party all at once, just call ahead to reserve. Very happy, this is the place!
