3 My wife needed to stop here.  I went in with her.  That's all.  The store was nice.  There were all manner of artsy things here:  fabrics, flowers, frills and fancy fluff. I walked the whole store which was crowded.  I was the only male in the store.  As I circled the store a second time I began to feel my masculinity declining.  I was concerned.  My very manliness was waning dangerously.  I had to act.  Then I saw it.  In one of the fabric aisles. Take heed fellow manly-men!  For there are multiple bolts of camouflage fabric in the third aisle of the fabric section!  There is Camo fleece!  There is Jungle Camo!  Treebark Camo!  Canvas Camo!  My favorite and the most testosterone laden of all:  Rip-Stop Jungle Camo!  I could actually feel more hair sprouting on my chest as I clung to the bolts of Camo in aisle three of Jo-Ann Fabrics! On the way out I signed up for Jo-Ann's mailing list with my actual address under the name Manly Camo.  We'll see what happens.
3 Yay!  My first junk mail under the name MANLY CAMO has arrived!
4 Alright, so I'm a guy and this is not a "guy" place. Sure, I am artsy... but again, I'm better off navigating Home Depot or Lowes.   I came here to check out hot women...  Wait... no, I came here to get some iron on patches. With half the store being cloth reels and a cutting desk, I was pretty lost in finding these little boogers. I ended up having to ask a worker who pointed me directly there.  PS - the women there were attractive. Maybe I need to have more projects.
5 I like Jo-Ann's the best of the craft stores. They always have a great selection, the stores are clean and well organized, and they accept lots of coupons. You can use a competitor coupon and a phone app coupon at the same time as well! They have really great sales as well. The staff seem more helpful and friendly then some of the competitors.
3 This has long been one if my more favorite Joanns locations because it has a much bigger selection in every department than the ones closer to me.  When they say it's a super store they aren't kidding.  I especially like their expanded yarn department.  I did have one bad experience here.  There was a sale on "embellishments" in the cardmaking department some time back, signs everywhere, but nothing was specified.  Now, everywhere else in the cardmaking world, embellishments means buttons, brads, ribbons, etc that you attatch to the cards to, well, EMBELLISH them.  But when I went to pay for the several such items I had picked out, the clerk, an older lady with an accent (German?) was ringing them up at full price.  I reminded her that embellishments were on sale and she informed me these weren't embellishments.  That literally stopped me cold.  I recovered enough to ask, well, if they aren't embellishments, what are they?  She said, Ribbons.  Brads. Stickers.  Flowers.  I tried to reason (not argue) with her.  What, in that case, WERE considered embellishments?  She didn't have an answer.  I set aside all the items that should have been on sale but weren't, so she wasn't happy with me.  A couple days later I was at another Joanns and those same items were on sale, 40% off, no problem. When I told the clerk about my experience here, she was shocked and agreed with me that those items were considered embellishments.  That's why I can't give this store more than three stars.
