5 I have been using Mitch's Econo Lube for a dozen years for my oil changes and all my vehicle repairs. They are the most honest group of mechanics I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with. I will trust my vehicle to no other shop.
5 I love Mitch's and usually trust his judgment but I'm not too happy with his last recommendation (that I take my car to the Aamco in Scottsdale---see previous review).    Otherwise, if I still resided here, I would continue using Mitch's to service my car.  How can you not love an auto shop that has a library in the waiting room?  Very cool.  And Mitch has an...interesting sense of humor.  They'll even give you a ride home, that is, if you live within proximity.  Not sure how they deal with those further out.  Aside from the lousy transmission referral, I highly recommend.
5 They are super friendly and reasonable. I have been very happy with all the services I have gotten here. Highly recommend.
4 I recently moved to Paradise Valley, and am quite glad I found these guys.  Not really much to say, except that the car woes I have had have been well dealt with by these guys and the owner is clearly a straight-shooter; honest, perhaps even to a fault!
5 I own a 96 Lexus and last month the a/c and control panel went out.  I was thinking hundreds of dollars worth of repairs.  Josh was able to find that it was nothing more than a blown fuse from when my daughter put a penny in the cigarette lighter.  I paid nothing more than to get my oil changed that I needed anyway.  Mitch and his crew are honest, reliable and base their business on integrity.  I cant help but think that other mechanics would have came up with some unnecessary repair.  This place is great.  Highly, highly recommended!!
5 Stopped in to Mitch's after a fellow commuter kindly advised me two of my three brake lights were out. Within minutes, I had bulbs replaced and a great quick chat with the kindest professional I had come across in some time, and I was off. Thanks Steve for the phenomenal customer service. I'll recommend this place to my friends and be back the next time I need a service.
5 First off i dont give 5 stars very easily as it is very tough to empress me.  Mitch and his crew at econo lube are by far the best at customer service accross any industry.  The team is alwasy friendly, fast, and they do very quality work.  Its easy to spot when someone is being nice because they have to or when they really care, and this group really does care.  I would highly recommend you use them if you want great work and the best customer service.  I have sent over 15 of my friends there and all of them have nothing but good things to say about how they are treated.  Dont get screwed by greedy places out there when you can go to a place like this that you can trust.
5 Super friendly, honest, reasonable rates. I was referred to this place by a friend who has come here in the past, and they told me to ask for Mitch. We will definitely come again for our auto repair needs.
5 Had my break light replace in seconds no wait at all I was in and out of there in no time. My family and I have been coming here for years and wouldn't go anywhere else. These guys are honest and reasonably priced.
5 Very reliable and competitive price. Visited twice so far, satisfied with thier service and approach.Also they are quicker in service.  Highly recommended to get the best job done with best price.
5 I can never say enough about how great and, most importantly, trustworthy and honest the team at Mitch's Econo Lube N' Tube is.  I had an emergency with my Mustang and brought it to them.  Within two hours, they had it fixed.  Mitch, himself, drove to get the part so that I would have my vehicle for a very important weekend.  There are a lot of places that can fix your car, but it is the service and personal connections that set one shop apart from the others.  The honesty, integrity, workmanship, and personal service set Mitch's Econo Lube N' Tube apart from any other.  I could not recommend them enough.  They truly are the "neighborhood-family" mechanic from by-gone days, alive and well today!
