4 This is the only place I take my cars to get serviced.  Staff is great, the prices are reasonable and they don't try to con you on stuff you don't need.  Make sure you call ahead of time; there is usually a waiting list.
5 This is one family business that remains true to old fashioned values.    The owner's son is the face that greets you at the door and the mechanic has been with the company for almost 10 years.  These guys are dedicated to earning and keeping your trust all while providing top-notch friendly service.  It's nice to find a business I trust.  Auto and truck repair, classic cars, imports, and propane.
2 I used to live in this neighborhood and took my '89 pick-up truck to this place a few times.  I took my truck for some routine maintenance and fluid checks.  When I came to pick up my truck the brakes gave out while driving off the lot. Hmmm.  They offered to do fix my brakes and not charge me labor.  I agreed to do this - not a smart move looking back but I needed my truck and I wasn't able to drive it.  A couple of months later my brakes went out completely while I was driving on the road!  Luckily, I avoided any accidents.  To be fair, they did replace my brakes (again) at no additional charge.  I had gone through too much at this point for that to make much of a difference for me.  I would definitely ask these for these guys to give you the old part if something is going to be replaced.  I would also ask for their receipt for any purchase of the new part.  I am a little suspicious that they may be using refurbished parts.  I will not be using this company again.  I should note this was about 5 years ago.  The shop may now be run in a more honest and efficient way today.  I really try to support local, small businesses and don't really like giving low ratings. I would just recommend to proceed with caution.
4 It is so nice to find a honest repair shop. They are quick fair.  They will be the only ones to work on our cars from now on.  Now that we have moved to SLC we will miss Dominic and his team!!
5 This is a great little shop to do business with.  It is family owned and operated, and has a great mechanic who really knows his stuff.  The owner's son is the friendly face you see when you walk in the door.    They have never done me wrong and I have sent many family and friends to them knowing they will be taken care of.  It's good to see honest auto repair shops that go against the old stereotype.
5 I started coming here when Dominic's father ran the place.  I was a little skeptical when I stopped seeing the old man around, but years later I'm still happy with 98% (nobody's perfect.)  I do recommend this place to all my friends.
