3 Another great spot if you enjoy a quick lunch with out going to Filly B's.  The quality of meat is above your nomal quality for a burrito and the Cocina packs in a lot of tast in each bite.  Just South of the circle K on the corner of McDowell and 16th St.
5 Here is a great Mexican food joint that is not expensive, very affordable and the food is Fantastic. The atmosphere is very nice and cozy, TV's in the corners, music in the background. The Ladies waiting adn that work there are very sweet and nice and attend to everything.  The menudo here is the best i have tried along sides my moms, lol. Have not tasted menudo this good since i moved here from Cali. Many places in phoenix, either add too much oregano or make their menudo soup to thick. But ths place is awsome!!!  The wifey tried the shredded beef tacos and rice and beans, And wanted more.   Have gone back often to eat their menudo and try differnt items, and were to my satisfaction.   Great Food, Great Service, Great Job!!!!
4 I'll give the 'economic kitchen' a round up on a 3.5 star review.   I happened by this place the other day and ordered a carne asada burrito.  Usually I gripe about no free chips and salsa at Mexican restaurants but I ponied up the extra dollar for some chips to enjoy at their free condiment bar.  A basket of warm tortilla chips came out a few moments later and I was lovin' life.  The salsa roja was really solid I only wish I wasn't so rushed as I would have liked to have tried the salsa verde.  The burrito was big and beefy (insert joke here) and quite tasty.  I'll definitely return to try some of their other dishes when I have the time to sit a spell!
4 Unwholesome and epic! Such a good value.
1 I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD, however I would be lying if I said that this place was worth recommending. I asked the girl at the counter what did she recommend since I have not ever been there "Oh, I don't eat here, so I don't know" maybe this should have been RED FLAG number one!   I figured keep it simple, I ordered a chicken burrito and my boyfriend ordered 5 street tacos. We waited about 25 minutes, (there were 3 tables who already had their food) and when our food FINALLY came out my chicken burrito was burnt on the outside and when I opened it up the chicken inside was NASTY, well overcooked and HARD. I gave up quickly! The street tacos were greasy, I think he ate 3 of the five before he was DONE. Bottom line, save yourself the $20 bucks, there are plenty of FRESH and authentic Mexican food places around the valley, this is not one of them.
5 Restaurante Mexicano AUTENTICO (muy difícil de encontrar), rica salsa, deliciosas tortillas de maíz hechas a mano, recomiendo el plato de carne asada con nopales, arroz y frijoles. :) oh y precios accesibles!
4 Really solid menudo everyday. Good flavor and not too funky. Comes with tortillas but ask for the excellent rice instead. The portions are very big.   Bonus: they fresh fry their tortilla chips and put a nice chilli pepper on it.
5 Best shimp burrito in PHX since that place on Camelback closed. And they always have a real Mexican Coca Cola on hand. The kinda made with sugar cane rather than high fructose corn syrup
1 I tried the shrimp burrito per the review on here. One of the worst I've had...ever. (Salsitas' has a good one, IMO.) It just didn't taste that good...it was spicy, which I like, but the flavor was boring. Hubby and kid had bean burritos and weren't impressed either.  Everything was WAY over salted. And, I know this is TMI, but we all spent hours in the bathroom the next day. :( We will not go back.
4 Pleasantly surprised when I walked in looking to get some tacos and they had mariscos on the menu!! The chips and salsa were delicious as well and the prices were super reasonable.  I'm always searching for a good authentic Mexican food place and this is DEF it!  I live right down the street so I will be frequenting this place more often :)
