4 I hesitate to write a review about this theater because I seriously dont want anyone to know about it.  In fact, I would give it 5 stars but I dont want people to go there.  A good movie theater is hard to come by (Pavillions on Indian Bend??  Sick.  That one in Mesa by the mall??  Kill me)  but Cinemark has done it right.    Sure, the teenagers working the popcorn machine are a little slow, but arent they all?  And you wont mind the short line when you get a taste of this popcorn straight from heaven.  There is some sort of magic powder on there (quit thinking that) and it is to DIE FOR.    The place is clean, the workers know how to work a freaking ticket machine (so the kids at the theater on Shea didnt train them) and the seats inside are comfortable.  Never a problem with sound or picture quality, or even obnoxious patrons.    Who knew such a cinema haven existed??
5 This is the theatre that Hubby and I discovered by accident more than 2 years ago and went to several times when we lived in Mesa. It seemed to be the only thing open in the shopping plaza at Dobson and the 202 at the time. We were impressed by Cinemark- everything was clean (it had better- it was so new), the prices were better than Harkins and AMC, the seats were comfortable and the AC was low.   I went back for the first time since we moved to CenPho today with Julia T., and I was glad to see that almost nothing had changed from my first impression. It was still clean, the staff was super friendly, the AC was far better than in the last 2 theatres I attended, and the prices were still a little lower than the bigger chains around here. There were even kids in the theatre with us and we didn't hear a peep from them or get our chairs kicked- imagine! I went home and told Hubby that this is where we're headed as often as possible to see movies from now on.   I hope Cinemark makes it, actually. The shopping center is a ghost-town compared with the Tempe Marketplace, and many stores have yet to open.
4 I just discovered the Cinemark in Mesa yesterday afternoon, when it was the only theater in the area that still had relatively last-minute opening night tickets for The Dark Knight available online. Tickets to the opening night 10:30 pm show still available at 4:30 that afternoon? Yes please! I didn't even know about this place but it's a perfectly fine theater and there's a ton of shopping around and seems cool.   The line-management for TDK was a little bit of a clusterf*ck but hey, it's opening night, there are people everywhere, I'm not mad. I'm sure I'll be back.
1 So I knew I wanted to go to a midnight screening of  the Dark Knight pretty much since the movie was first announced. I also knew that I should buy my tickets well in advance because this thing was going to be not just huge, but GINORMOUS (sp?)! However, since my life is filled with indecisive people, I had to wait to the last minute to buy tix. When I was finally able to ascertain exactly how many tickets I needed to purchase, Harkins @ Tempe Marketplace was completely sold out, much to my chagrin. So, I traveled a couple of miles down the 202 to Cinemark at Mesa Riverview.  I approached the ticket booth and asked the pimply teenager if there were any tickets left for any of the midnite showings of TDK. He said yes there were, they had about 25 tickets for each auditorium reserved for people who bought tickets online. This confused me, so I attempted to clarify: "so, I need to go home and buy the tickets online?". His response was "no, I can sell you the tickets here"...okay...so why the whole speech about the tix being reserved for online purchase? Then...it get's better, oh yes it does...he tells me "the seats will probably be right up front though". Okay, "is it assigned seating?". "No". "So, if we get here early, it won't be a problem right?". "I guess not". So at this point I am completely baffled. Is this guy stalling? What is with all this needless banter? Anyway, I finally purchase my tickets and make my merry way home.  That night, we get to the theatre about an hour before the show. Somehow they've already let everyone into the theatre, which was a little odd. But we still managed to find decent seats. I went to the concession stand and I swear the girl filling my popcorn must have been the ticket guy's twin brain. I asked for a regular size water bottle and she responded "we only have two sizes, big and small". The "small" looked a lot like a regular size bottle of water to me. Then she had to ask me twice which soda I wanted and what size popcorn (which was the foulest popcorn I've had in a movie theatre in about a decade).   Back in the auditorium a nasty, bitter assistant manager kept yelling at different members of our party because we weren't all in our seats (we were out at the concession stand or in the bathroom) and kept trying to give our seats to other people. I must say, that really topped off the day. So, yeah...despite the crowds, despite the noise, I think I'll stick with Harkins.
2 This place was kind of gross. I stuck to the floor while I was at the counter ordering some food and the carpet looked like it hadn't been vacuumed since they opened. This theater has only been open for about a year, but it already has a feel to it that it's been there for about 15 years and is in need of a renovation. All was well once we got inside the theater room, but the lobby/hallway was disgusting.  I do like their policy of not letting small children into R-rated movies after 6PM.
4 I'd actually give these guys 4.5 stars.  The number one reason this place beats all the other theaters is the lack of a crowd.  I just went to a movie on opening day - I arrived less than 30 minutes before show time, and still got an excellent seat.  Now, I don't know how long this will last as the main reason it is probably not so busy is the surrounding shops are not opened up yet, but it has been this way for a couple years now.  One night I tried going to a big movie on opening night at Tempe Marketplace and there was just no way, we got there super early and everything was sold out.  We went down the street to Cinemark and it was a ghost town.  I just don't understand.  These guys are cheaper, has a very nice and new feeling and atmosphere, and the auditoriums are always perfect temperature for me, whereas the Harkins are almost always too warm.
4 This movie theatre has amazing prices!  My mom and I went here on Christmas Day to watch a movie, and loved the low ticket prices. Definately cheaper then Harkins and AMC.  They show new releases, and have all the same stuff as a regular theatre..popcorn, candy, etc.  They just don't charge an arm and a leg to see it, which I love!  Plus, it looks like its the only one in the state??  Nice.  Totally plan on going here again.  Seating is wonderful, prices can't be beat, and its surrounded by a few resturants and shops so you could catch dinner and do it all in one trip!
4 Best thing for me? EMPTINESS! this place is like having our own private movie theater! I go often with my bf Sundays (first show) or Wednesdays and we enjoy the space and tranquility of this place. Not the crowded and annoying of the posh places. Good seats and the arm chair is optional!!
4 CInemark is my favorite theater in the area. It's never crowded in the theater or the parking lot, it's generally clean as far as theaters go, and there is theater style seating for every screen. DInner options nearby aren't great (mostly fast-food options), but it is possible to get a good meal nearby.  Pet peeves: The bathrooms are not conveniently located once you pass the ticket taker. The concessions stands are glacially slow. No where to sit down in the hallways (past the ticket taker).
4 This theatre and the one at Tempe marketplace are the two I have been going to lately for movies. Only reason I will go to marketplace is if this theatre is not showing something marketplace is. i.e. Cinemark was not doing a midnight showing of Inglorious Basterds opening night.. As far as this facility is concerned, I think the seats are comfy, you can use your Harkins cup and get $1 drinks.. They will not let you do the, wear the Harkins t-shirt for free popcorn though. I can always find parking close to the entrance. They have a Ms. PacMan I can play when I have a couple of minutes to waste before movie begins. They also have a couple of those new games, I think one was a car racing game and a shot animals with plastic gun game. And a pinball game. I just stick with the classics though. Those new ones are to bright and cartoonish. I am digressing, the main reason I like this place is because no one is ever here. Recently saw that 3D everyone dies flick and sat in the best possible seats one could. And this was showing up right after the trailers started, the reason for tardiness was flirting with the Ms. PacMan machine.  The only reason this place isn't getting a 5 star review is because the Mens bathrooms are not strategically located. Ladies don't worry about it, they have restrooms all over the place for you. Oh and one more bonus, tickets are like a dollar less here then they are at marketplace.
4 This is my favorite movie theater but I pretty much don't want to tell anyone because I don't want it to catch on.  This is my place to see movies on opening night- or the midnight shows.  Of course it gets crowded ofr those, but what theater doesn't?  Monday nights ( I don't know how long this will last for) you can get a movie ticket and a small bag of popcorn for $5.75.  Where else can you get this at?  Amazing.
3 This is a great option to avoid the crazy crowds at Tempe Marketplace, plus it's only a couple more miles down the street. We visited with the kids on a Saturday night to see Toy Story 3 - No crowds, no lines, walked right in got some snacks, and great seats.
4 This is one of my favorite theaters.    It's a little known fact that the first showing of the day for any film is only $5.  This keeps my wife and I coming back.  One of our favorite things is to see a movie at 9am and hit a great spot for brunch afterwards.  And yes, they don't mind when you show up in pajamas with Starbucks.  A great time!
5 Clean!  New!  Great seats!  And the lack of crowds is a huge plus.  People who know how to appreciate a movie should really give it a chance.
4 I remember when this theatre opened about 5 years ago and I was so excited to go to a brand new kind of movie theatre (not AMC, Harkins). The theatre was the only thing out there and I wondered if anything else would be built around it. Well now Mesa Riverview has tons of shops and restaurants and all kinds of things to help entice people to go to the movies at cinemark. I really like the Cinemark. I went there on friday night to see Rango (which was a weird movie...) and it was a good experience. We went to the 10:30 showing and expected to be free of children.... no such luck. Some ladies brought about 6 kids to this movie ranging from approximate age range of 2-6. Really? you brought a 2 year old out to a movie in the middle of the night? So of course the kid was bored and started running around the theatre and crying. Awesome. Bad parenting... yes, but not the movie theatre's fault. In addition,  I don't like that they have do it yourself butter.... I mean come on movie theatres... why would anyone want to do the butter themselves? You can't get any in the middle! Despite that, the popcorn was good, way better than AMC but not as good as Harkins. The theatres are big and have comfortable seats. And as other yelpers have said, there aren't huge crowds here and there's a lot more parking available than at Tempe Marketplace. So switch it up and try Cinemark!
4 4 stars.  One of the best theaters I have ever been to.  It wasnt too crowded, it had super comfortable seats that RECLINE, and they also show  DLP movies so they are super crisp/sharp.  Overall a great theater!  Staff was friendly and the layout of the theater was great.  Damn near a perfect movie theater.
4 At first glance, you'd never know that Cinemark is fairly new.  It's only five or six years old, but the box office, lobby, and concession stand all have an old and dated appearance.  But while this theater may not be as glitzed up as a Harkins or AMC, the auditoriums are way better. They're completely stadium view, the seats are big and comfortable and the projector and sound system are both digital.  It's a fantastic viewing experience.  The prices here are exactly the same as Harkins.  Next time I'm seeing a movie, I may pass up the busy Tempe Marketplace scene (hard to park and bigger crowd) for the much more layed back Mesa Riverview scene.  It's just one exit over.  I have nothing against the valley's major theater chains, but I'm happy that there's a new (and maybe better) option.  More competition is always a good thing.
5 I enjoy the Movies, I go ALL the time and when I say they have nice comfy seats, I mean it. Nice comfy seats with the armrest that move out of the way if need be.
4 My favorite theater! Close to home, comfy seats, yummy popcorn, good parking, and not crowded.
5 Very clean with and old fashion cinema atmosphere. Snacks are very expensive so if popcorn and soda are a must for you, expect to spend alot of money. The amazing reclining seats are worth it though. I definitly recomend Cinemark 16 as the place to go to watch movies!     Also there are alot of great eating places next to it or within walking distance to do the dinner  and movie date night!
5 Great place to watch a movie! it's never crowded, always easy parking and the seats are roomy and comfortable! this place is a Gem!
1 Over the past few years this place has been my theater of choice. The seats are nice, there aren't many crowds, parking is easy, etc. The biggest complaint I've had (up until today) was the locations of the men's restroom. There's only one beyond the ticket gate, and it's at one end of the building, not central at all.   Tonight, they let me down. Came here for the midnight showing of The Hunger Games. I've been to nearly a dozen, but this was my first with this theater. My party (in its entirety) arrived at 730pm. At the time, there were 159 people ahead of us. Everything seemed like a normal midnight showing until about 8:30 when they rolled out their wristband cart. At first I thought this was going to be great, and help eliminate the line cutting that occurs. (and perhaps speed things up like they claimed) Instead, they came around multiple times and gave wristbands to the people who came late, but cut everyone in line. Slightly annoyed, I plowed on knowing that a large bulk of the crowd comes after they start letting us into the theater. Around 10 the crowd was getting pretty anxious, but there was no sign of them letting us inside. 10:15 came and everyone stood up and prepared to go in. 10:30 and everyone is still standing, but not moving anywhere. It wasn't until 11:00 and a third round of putting wristbands on the line-jumpers that they opened the doors. I would estimate 350 people ahead of me by this point. They let people inside in groups of 25 or so, so that took some time. At 11:20 I finally got inside and to my theater. To my great frustration, there were more people in my theater (1 of 4) than there were in line when I arrived.   To the management: please improve your midnight showing strategy. Have tighter line queues, stop the cutting by using your wristbands, but only come through each section once. Perhaps give people a warning that they need to be in line in 15 minutes to get a wristband, and if they miss it, they will have to go to the back of the line. Also, let people in around 10pm like Harkins and AMC do. You'll have less cutting to worry about, and you'll even make more money on concessions.   Assuming I don't receive a response from the management explaining how they are going to improve, I will take my theater business elsewhere for the midnight showings.
3 Thanks for telling everyone Yelpers. Now there's tons of people here.
4 I think this is my all time favorite place to go. Sunday nights are usually cleaner and less busy I have noticed. Staff is always friendly which is a plus!
4 I'm live right between Tempe Marketplace and Mesa Riverview, so occasionally I'll visit this theater if I don't feel like dealing with the crowds at TMP. Since it's not usually as packed as Harkins, the movie viewing experience isn't as typical, but it's a nice change of pace. It's always very clean and the staff is very nice.
1 I am actually still in line for Spiderman. Finished off my large Coke and went for a refill, the guy looked at me like I was stupid. THEY DO NOT OFFER REFILLS.  This is obviously some sort of communist plot and I for one will not let this injustice stand. I used to enjoy Cinemark, but as of the end of this movie, I am back to Harkins.
4 The more I come here the more I like it. The place is clean, ticket prices are reasonable if not a little more expensive than Harkins, and there usually isn't as much of a crowd.  I have also found the people at this location to be a better behaved bunch during the movies.  They also will honor the $1 refill Harkins cups which was always one of my big reasons for going to Harkins theaters all the time.  They don't have the biggest screens in the world though even compared to some other theaters.
5 I truly feel that this theatre is a gem! Ticket prices are cheaper than Harkins and AMC and it's a really nice theatre. They just re-modeled the parking lot and the complex around there so it's really nice to visit. The theatre itself is clean, nice AC and doesn't have as many people as Harkins. I've never had a problem here and come here often to avoid the crazy crowds at Tempe Marketplace. Plus, I live across the street so it's very close. It's definitely worth checking out!
3 My daughter and I came here to see the final episode of The Twilight series a few nights ago and I like the theater fine but I was very disappointed in the popcorn which was tremendously over salted and the whatever they call the buttery stuff you put on top of the popcorn was more like a corn oil, it wasn't even buttery flavored. The popcorn I used to get at the Chandler Theater where it was only a dollar to go to the movie and maybe $4.50 for the tub of popcorn with the refill was much better popcorn as is the popcorn and the buttery toppings that's only $4.50 for tub at the Tempe cinema where the movies are only $3, $2 dollars on Tuesdays.  They do have some good deals on ticket prices if you go certain days or hours and reasonable senior and student prices, which is helpful.  If I have to go to a first run theater, this will be my choice from now on.  And it's up in Riverview Shopping Center, which is convenient for shopping and eating out.  If they improve their popcorn, I'll up my rating!
4 Came here to watch a live boxing event. It was a nice experience to watch boxing on the big screen. Theatre was only 3/4 full, so it was just about right. Popcorn and a candy can be had for under $7 as well. Close proximity to bars and in and out privileges to the theatre really made this place a higher rating. It was $18 to watch, but I had free tickets. Mayweather won easy, but still a fun event.
4 I love this theater, it's not as packed and the seating is comfy with plenty of legroom.  The popcorn is okay.
5 yes, an option to a Harkins theater, Hooray!!! F##K HARKINS. anyway, I had a coupon for a medium drink with the purchase of any size popcorn, a great deal. saw The Purge, very intense. more people need to go to this theater.
4 I love this theater.  It is always clean, it has a good variety of movies and show times, and the snack bar is great.
5 You only have to drive about five minutes past Tempe marketplace and there is a delightful little world of cinema, in a quite shopping complex, called Cinemark. The place is not overly crowded, with a wonderful sort of 1920s art deco cinema feel and incredibly clean. Bring your Harkins cup because they match the deal and fill it up for a $1.50 - only big difference is that your buy the popcorn seasoning, it is not free, but it is less than $2. I think this is my new go-to theater and seems like quite a few decent places to eat around the theater.
1 I took my family to see Monster's University here this past Sunday.  The box office employee was courteous, but when we stopped to get some refreshments that when the wheels fell off.  The young kid behind the counter, Cody, was slower than molases in January.  When he finished with the couple in front of us he just stared out into nowhere.  What the .........?  I had to state to him, "Can I order?"  He then proceeded to tell me that he was waiting for me.  Hello?  Customer service!!!!!!  I will have to think long and hard about returning.  Cinemark, screen your employees.
1 Thought we'd try this theater on a trip back from Mesa. Sat for 40 minutes with audio--NO VIDEO!  Got up and went down the hall TWICE to tell management but they were too stupid to fix it.  "it's run by a computer....I sent a guy up there to look at it..." the manager said.  On the third trip to see management and hearing dumb excuses we asked for our money back.  Got our ticket prices refunded but were out $16.75 for popcorn and drinks..  They could care less that their customers were unhappy and that their equipment doesn't work.  We will never go back.  Bless you Dan Harkins for true movie experiences.  We are back to giving only you our attendance from now on!!
3 This movie theater is ok. I like how they show international movies. I came for A Filipino movie but I also saw posters for Bollywood movies as well! I'm a fan so I will be back for that. The ambiance ain't much but the picture quality was good enough. Snacks of course didn't have prices but I'm sure it was an arm and a leg.  It was really quiet when we went no rowdy people talking through the movie. But if Was also 1:00 on a Tuesday afternoon. So overall an ok experience will be back if they show more international movies and at $6 for early birds, I'm there!
1 I've gone to this theater a few times, and never had any bad experiences until yesterday. Went to see Anchorman 2, and upon walking into the theater, there was trash EVERYWHERE. They didn't even bother to try to clean up after the last movie. Not just trash in the cup holders, but on the floor as well. It was disgusting. Never have I seen that at a theater before. I was shocked. Needless to say, I won't be back again. I have a photo of how the theater looked, but it's not letting me upload it for this review.
4 I am very particular when it comes to my movie going experience. I only go to certain Harkins or AMC theaters. But we made a special trip here to see The Hobbit in 3D HFR. We had a very nice experience. Comfortable seats like Harkins. They also refill Harkins cups for $1.50. The restrooms were clean and well maintained. Good popcorn and sodas. We will be back.
5 I get inhumanely and unhealthily hysterical if we are not at a movie theater at least 40 minutes before a showing. The only other theaters near me is Tempe Marketplace or I can drive to Chandler Mall; it's the equivalent of asking me whether I'd like to walk on a bed of stones set on fire or on a path filled with metal spikes tipped with poison. After having to sit through the Lego movie listening to 'Everything is Awesome' (Nonstop-crying-baby-with-a-mom-who-is-too-selfish-to-leave-because-she's-too-into-the-movie Remix), I gave up on going to the busy movie theaters and decided to just stick with coming here.  Even on opening night/day, I don't think I've ever had to worry about getting a good seat. The other night, I arrived 5 minutes after previews for the new 300 sequel (I almost had a heart attack in the hallway) and still got middle seats just where I like. Their popcorn bucket deal here is worth it if you go to the movies a lot, 3 dollars to refill. It's never really crowded, quiet, and clean. Seats are just like Harkins, comfortable and able to recline back and forth unlike the sadists at AMC. Yes, the theaters are smaller then what we're used to, but with lower prices and no crowds, it doesn't make a difference to me in the end.  They also have an old school Spiderman pin ball machine here that I like to spend an ungodly amount of quarters on with the boyfriend. It's a night of simple fun, just the way I like it when the week has been weary and full of dumb drivers on the highway.
3 They forgot to show my movie! The only one in the movie! Employees just slacking off! Just got my refund I'm not sure if I want to ever come back here!
3 Almost nobody goes here.  Its like a ghost town especially at night.  The employees are  nowhere to be found even.  Tried to get a drink during a 10pm movie but nobody was up front.  Called out and nothing.  Stood there for a while listening to crickets and nothing.  Called out anyone here?  I coulda robbed them of so much popcorn its not even funny.  I dont think they really care too much though.
3 This was my first visit ever and there weren't many people around. It is a good thing for those (read ... people like me) who want to enjoy movies but do not like the over crowded theaters. But I read the other reviews where people could not find staff to purchase food or where the staff forgot to play the movie. Now that is not a good experience. I would not go again but that is because its way too far for me. The only reason to go would be a to see a movie which wasn't playing anywhere else and I really really had to watch it.   I did like the outside seating in the open area (which is common for the mall). I was surprised that the mall had no coffee shop!   In nutshell, not a bad place but low traffic. Go if you are in the area.
5 I really like this theater. It's never very busy and the seating is very comfortable. I definitely will go back again.
