1 I only went to this place because I had a 20$ gift cert there from US Air. It was so deceiving in what you get it's ridiculous. I still spent $50 and thought I was getting a huge bouquet, and it was the smallest thing I have ever seen. Do not believe the pictures. If you have a gift card it is still not worth it. Spend the money at a real flourish and you'll get so much more for your money. Very dissatisfied.
1 I had a terrible time ordering flowers through this service.  I had ordered Christmas flowers for my grandmother to be delivered the day before Christmas.  When I spoke to her on Christmas day, she said she had not received any flowers.  I called FTD the next day and got a lady that was very difficult to understand.  She put me on hold and confirmed that the flowers that I had ordered were not delivered - no apology, no explanation, and no attempt to correct the situation. Seemed surprised that I wouldn't be ok with the flowers being delivered "sometime in the next week or so".  I had to insist on talking to a manager in order to get what I had already paid for.  Will not use this service again.
1 Despite all flowers being depicted online as neatly prepared in a decorated vase, all flowers were delivered "in the vase" without water, in a black box. Not very romantic. Also, none of the lilacs were bloomed until several days later, which then they were gorgeous but beforehand just looked a little sad. When I called the manager, there was no apology or sincerity expressed, just "that's how they come." I would expect a flower company to understand presentation more than anyone. Perhaps not.
1 Unreliable!!Never delivered flowers. Paid extra for same day delivery. Poor customer service, wouldn't refund delivery charge but offered a 20% off my next purchase which I declined at that point..Ill consider another flower delivery service for my flower orders.
1 I purchased a $15.00 for $30.00 groupon. I went to redeem and purchased a 19.99 bouquet of roses and a 9.99 teddy bear, totaling 29.98. Making it a steal of a deal right? BUT WAIT!!!! They forgot to mention there is a $32.00 "service fee" Thus making my 19.99 roses a 45.00 dollar purchase. 60.00 if I didn't have the groupon. I wish I had read reviews first prior to purchase, that obviously would have been a great help!
