5 Dr. Resnick has provided hands-down the best dental experience I've ever had. Initially, I came to his office with excruciating pain while dreading the financial burden that I knew would inevitably come with solving my dental problems. I was greeted warmly by the office staff and Dr. Resnick's concern was primarily for me and alleviating my pain while assuring me that there were solutions to the financial side of things. In short, he took x-rays, extracted the wisdom tooth that was causing problems and laid out a treatment plan that was surprisingly affordable. Also, he did an amazing job AVOIDING having to do a root canal (and the dollars coming from it) on an adjacent tooth to save me money and pain.  Most importantly, he acted with kindness and empathy throughout my treatment. I'm now, amazingly, a raving fan of a dentist - something I didn't think would result from the agony I was experiencing. Thank you, Dr. Resnick for being a top-notch person AND dentist!
5 I have gone to Dr. Resnick for 8 months now. I first found him on Dr oogle for teeth whitening for 99 with a cleaning. The cleaning was great no issue but the staff shows you around and lets you know all the features that are provided. Dr. Resnick was the one that took my call to setup my appointment. I experienced a lot of pain from the teeth whitening and he called me later that night to see how I was doing and offered suggestions to make me more comfortable. About 3 months ago I cracked a back molar and was "patched" by someone else and three days ago I was in immense pain and needed a root canal. I scheduled it for Friday and thought I could make it but oh no way to painful. I called and got Mr. Resnick and he said come in tomorrow at 3. Come to find out he closes at 2 but him and his staff stayed late for my root canal because they knew was painful. The procedure took less than an hour and no pain at all but he wrote a pain reliever prescription just in case. He also called me later to see how I was doing and if I needed anything. He values customer service above all else and is not greedy. Very reasonable prices and his office has the latest gadgets (can plug your iPod into the chair and listen to music by speakers in the chair). I would recommend Just Smiles to anyone looking for a great dentist!
5 I could not be more pleased to have found such a great dentist. Everyone in the office is extremely friendly and helpful and they make you feel right at home. I have found it easy to make an appointment for times that are convenient for me. The office opens at 7 so I'm able to come in and still make it to work on time- very nice!  I have had whitening trays made, cleanings and even a cavity filling and all of my trips to the office have been pleasant. The office is nice and homey and the staff is great. Dr. Resnick is friendly and makes you feel very comfortable. He even called me at home the evening I had my cavity filled to make sure I was feeling okay. Now that's personal service!  I would absolutely recommend Dr. Resnick's office to anyone in the Valley wanting a friendly, knowledgeable dentist with friendly and helpful staff.
5 I love this place, which is a lot to say about a dentist's office!  Dr.Resnick conveys that he genuinely loves what he does, and cares about his patients.  His attitude carries over to his staff who, without exception are sincere and caring. Besides being a great dentist, this is how an office should be staffed and run.  This sounds genuinely odd, but Just Smiles almost makes me WANT to go to the dentist!
5 Today was my first visit with this office for a routine cleaning and I will be going back!  The office staff, the hygenist and Dr. Resnick were awesome.  I wouldn't change a thing about my visit.  Thank you!  P.S. Truly a painless experience.
5 Amazing team!!! Dr Resnick would do anything to respond to your every needs, even if it is calling you back from his vacation because you have to get in by a deadline. They always make it work!!!  My 1st appointment, I had to go in for an emergency, I left a voicemail at 3am, they called me back right away I was in by 7am. They also check on you afterwards to make sure you are feeling ok.  Dr. Resnick and his staff are awesome, friendly, professional and they DO care!  It's not about selling you this or that, or try to make $$$ over your misery... They work really hard to make sure that you only pay what you need to pay. I love my dentist... It says it all!
5 If I could give 25 stars I would..Dr.Resnick and his staff are truly the most caring and professional dental team I have ever met.. I came in to Dr. Resnicks office after receiving the news from another dentist that I needed an immediate root canal.I called and scheduled my appointment and the next day Dr. Resnick called me personally from his vacation to see if I wanted to come in earlier if I was in pain or discomfort, I knew I was off to a good start...Dr. Resnick took extensive XRAys and determined that not only did I not need a root canal but there was NO decay and NO cavity at all..he took the time to go over my Xrays in detall and explained that the sensitivity was a mild case of pulpitous and gave me a prescription strength sensitive toothpaste and assured me it would heal over time..I avoided the pain, expense and stress of a root canal and found a life long dentist! It is so refreshing to find a truly honest, caring dentist and staff..I would recommend this dentist to any and all!! *********
5 My family and I had recently decided to switch dentists, and we began to look on Yelp for a fantastic dentist, who was also under my insurance. We struck gold! From the receptionist Meghan, to the technicians Yazzie and Callie, we were treated respectfully, with the best customer service we have experienced in a dentistry office. When Dr. Resnick saw us, he let us know what was going on, told us that they would have prices for further treatment at the desk, and that when we were ready, give them a call and they would get us right in. Meghan had folders for us as we checked out, containing our recommended plan of treatment with costs already calculated based upon our insurance and our copayment. There was no high pressure, just lots of smiles and honesty. We are so glad that we found this office on Yelp, and we love our new dentist and his ultra-professional staff.
5 Dr. Resnick is everybody's homie. He is an amazing dentist and compassionate person. I recommend him to everyone in the Phoenix area and I haven't even lived there in 4 years. In fact, I love him and his practice so much that I have scheduled services when I visit just because I know I get amazing dental care from him and his staff. Any dentist I've seen since I left AZ gets held to the Resnick standard, which is a pretty high bar.  Did I mention he's open Saturdays, which is great for people with lives.... I wish I had extra hands so I could give him more than two thumbs up!
5 It's always tedious to find a new dentist office when you move. Thank goodness I found Just Smiles and Cally! The staff is super friendly...the office is cozy and inviting...and the dental professionals, superb! So happy I found this office. And they have a new client special!!
5 I usually don't love going to the dentist but this place made it fun. I know right how could getting needles in your mouth be fun. Well the staff had a great energy about them and treated me very well. I enjoyed the people there and loved how considerate they were. A women by the name of Michelle who made me laugh and made me feel comfortable and she didn't cause any unnecessary pain. Because of her and the staff there i will be going to this dentist for years. Who knows i might even be excited to go to the dentist . Just Smile.
