5 I absolutely LOVE this place.  The wings are delicious, and aren't too pricey.  The staff are always nice, and the wings always take only 14 minutes i think it was to make.  It's never busy in there, you're always in an out with no problems or worries =]  Love this place, and I drive from 23rd ave and the 101 to this location just for their wings.  Yes it is that good =]  Lemon Pepper is my absolute favorite!
3 Been there couple of times... Once tried the atomic wings ...One of the spicest wing i ever had...Infact was not able to eat more than two bites.. The nedium ones are good ... There is not much service or ambience..Its located at a small place next to frys and people usually tend to miss the spot due to that...The attendants are very cordial..
5 Great wings and great service! I would definitely return.
5 Finally found my wing place in Arizona. Good sauces top great wings. Made them all drums like we asked.
2 Only thing good is the garlic parm  wings. There's not a lot of meat on them and all the other flavors are disgusting
2 Was craving wings and decided to drive a bit to get them. They are good, but I find the rubs a little too salty.  Had the Louisiana and Parmesan Garlic. Ate the Lousiana, not the Parmesan Garlic. The parmesan cheese smelled like an spoiled dish rag. You all know that smell.  Stunk my vehicle up all the way home.  Tossed right in the trash.  Will NOT be going back. Does the staff not have any olfactory senses?
3 It's gotten better but is still an average wing. The rolls however are a must try.
4 The mango habanero wings are freakin awesome. Not impressed with the fries at all.   The staff are very friendly...
3 My Wing Stop experiences are satisfactory but seldom go the extra mile. The wings are good, but they don't really seem much better than wings you could get anywhere else. The wait is always long, which is understandable but annoying nonetheless. The fries are decent and are usually the best side to get, because if you try ordering veggies the portion size will disappoint you. The prices aren't great, but Wing Stop is worth visiting occasionally.
4 OK I am a sucker for wings.  I love them all unless they are afterthoughts like at many pizza joints.  Wingstop gets my votes for multiple flavor choices and the fact that they cook them after you order them.  Sure it takes a few more minutes, but you know they are fresh and crisp.  At this particular location they were very friendly and courteous.  The interious has an airplane motif, but otherwise it is non-descript.
3 For being a place that does JUST wings and 1 other item , im not that impressed .. just ordered the 40 piece family meal deal and got 4 different flavors. Bbq, Louisiana rub, original hot, and mild. ALL were just okay nothing I would ever crave again.   BUT there seasoned fries were the best fries  I have had in my life!!! I will go back JUST for fries ...   Service was great and place was really clean so yes I would recommend this place if your in there area .
1 It's always empty in here. Probably because the food is so bad
