5 Its Taco Bell
1 We've had an issue every time we have gone to this location.  Unfortunately when you live as far north as we do, there aren't a lot of options.  If we are out, we will stop at the location at Tramonto instead.  This location is always out of sauces.  They ask you what type of sauce you would like, you say "hot and mild" and they say we only have Fire.  Why not just say this to begin with vs asking what we would like?  The hours on the door indicate the lobby is open until 10PM but it's always closed about 930PM.  In fact the last time we went there, the doors were open and we went in and waited 5 minutes for someone to take our order, but the Manager came up and said "sorry guys we're closed inside, you will have to go thru the drive up".  I looked around inside and there were high school kids in booths eating and horsing around.  The drive-up window is always backed up and extremely slow.  And they always forget something.  This is why we like to go inside.  There is a Del Taco on the other side of Anthem Way.  If you're looking for fast food Mexican late at night, head to the West side of Anthem.
1 Manager is a joke. Closed extremely  early. Wouldn't talk face to face, had employees running back and forth with messages. This has happened before.
2 I know it's Taco Bell and it's a revolving door for employees, over the 4 years I've been eating there, I'd rank the service overall a 2 out of 5.  And I know it's asking a lot to order anything special-order (like no sauce or extra lettuce), 5 times out of 10 they mess something up.  Worse than the average Taco Bell.   Oh, and the Mexican pizza shells are rancid almost every time. So often, in fact, that we never ever order them at the drive through since chances are they will be nasty and you don't want to find out 10 miles down the road.
1 Food...don't waste your money. Even for Taco Bell this is bad  Ambiance...it's fast food.  Staff...incompetent half of the time.  Verdict...now I know how they got their slogan..."run for the border"....b/c this place will make you want to run far and fast.
