4 I can't believe I'm the first person to review this place.  They must have been around now for close to three years now and they have decent pizza, dirt cheap!  (And they always have coupons to top it off.)  It all goes back to relative value and I'll use a Taco Bell taco as an example.  For 59 cents, it's a pretty good taco but if you paid $5.00, it wouldn't be as good.  If you're spending $5.00 on a taco, you want it to be phenomenal, but if it's only 59 cents, your standards are lower.  Now at Papa Murphy's you can walk out with a large pepperoni pizza for $6.99 (and when I say large, I really mean large - much bigger than other pizza places larges) and it's nearly as good (if others are a "5", I give it a "4 1/2") but it's only $6.99!  So for it being a good pizza and only being $6.99 it turns into an excellent pizza.  Relative value!  Get it?  You can go now.  School is out.
5 I've heard a couple of good comments about this pizza so I finally gave it a try.   It's really good and convenient at a really fair price. I was reluctant to the "cook it yourself" approach but it's stupid-proof, it comes with directions and you can call them if something goes wrong (it didn't in my case :)   It comes in a paper tray oven friendly and I intentionally overcooked it a little bit so it came out crunchy and with a great taste.  An instant favorite!
4 Good pizza, good cookie dough, good coupons! Staff was very helpful and friendly.
2 I have been going to this place for their artichoke pizza which my family loves. Most of the time, the owner and the staff are good except for one occasion  when they forgot to put artichoke on my artichoke pizza. I let that pass without complaining since what is one mistake. Today, I was there again to buy a large cheese pizza, advertised for $5 (no coupons necessary). I was given a large, already prepared pizza with obviously not enough cheese on it. I thought, I can't complain, it's cheap pizza. When I went home and checked my receipt, I realized I was charged $9+ tax for it. I called and was told to come back to get a refund. When I went there, I was told that the advertised large $5 pizza is actually a medium pizza stretched to large and is always ready and I didn't tell him when I bought the pizza earlier that that 'medium stretched to large" was the one I wanted. I was dumbfounded.  I left and didn't get my refund. I find no point arguing and wasting my time over $4. I love Papa Murphy's pizza but I am not going to this location again.
