3 Yes! This Lowe's has a bathroom. The car ride from Cave Creek to Phoenix was pretty long. Hmm.. at least the bathroom was clean.
5 I had to do some painting and needed help locating items and suggestions from the staff and boy were they ever helpful.  Nothing like Home Depot, where you have to go and hunt down an employee and when you do they can't wait to get back to their break or whatever was more important than their customer.  I was just overwhelmed by the courteous and quick service I received at this location.  Even their quality of garden plants surpassed several other super stores.
4 Lets build something by myself.
5 Great online pickup service. They get my items quickly! Sometimes within 10 minutes of ordering online. Sometimes there isn't a person ready to help right away when I pick it up, but more times than not, someone is ready to help.  And, this is preferable since online ordering exists with store pickup to expedite the purchasing process.
4 Friendly with large selection. A bit cleaner than other hardware stores but their appliance selection isn't as complete as the other major hardware store.  The tool selection is nice and they have a wide variety of stuff from the cheap to professional grade.
3 We recently moved and needed to purchase a new washer/dryer.  Because my brother is a frequent customer at this location, he put me in touch with Chelsea, an employee at this location, to help me out.  I didn't even have to go in the store because Chelsea was so helpful... we spoke on the phone a few times and she emailed me some suggestions (and specials) based on what we were looking for.  Needless to say, this saved us a ton of time.    Once we decided on what models we wanted (Samsung by the way), Chelsea facilitated my payment by phone and delivery literally happened within 24 hours.  We were thankful for this because we'd gone over a week by this time without doing our laundry!  We are enjoying our new machines and are thankful to have worked with Chelsea at this Lowe's store.  Hopefully we won't be in the market for any more major appliances for awhile, but if you are, I highly recommend calling or visiting Chelsea!
5 The best Lowe's I've ever been to! The staff is knowledgeable and friendly! They are eager to help you! Great selection, clean, and spacious! Cannot say enough good things about this Lowe's location!
3 Well, walking into this Lowes.. much cleaner then other Home Improvement stores. More employes around to assist, which was a nice change.   We spent almost 3 hours in the home decor department, which made me hate life. Upon arrival, there was a guy around who tried to assist us, however, he clearly was not trained for that particular department. Good try my friend. We had to wait about 30 minutes or so until the guy that normally works the home decor department came back from lunch. We were told that he was going to page us over the intercom when he was back. That never happened. 2 life fails in one moment.   Well, short angry story later... 3 hours wasted, 3 life fails. We finally walked out making the purchase for the project after the department manager came to help.
5 I have received service here that is so outstanding I am sooo sold on Lowe's! They are extremely customer service oriented, and if you buy a defective product from them they will actually make good on it by either fixing it or giving you another. I've never had this type of service from anywhere else really.  Customer of Lowe's for life, and I bought all my ceiling fans, Levelor blinds and so many thing from them.  Great store here!!!!
4 This one, unlike the one on Scottsdale Road, exists - and it is clean, friendly, well laid out, and nicely stocked.  I still don't like the florescent lights at any Lowes as they give me a nearly instant headache, but at this one I don't have to wander for 20 minutes to find the lighting section so I'm in and out in no time, usually with exactly what I need.
5 This isn't the closest Lowes to me. But I do like it the most out of the ones around me. It is always clean and well stocked. The parking lot setup is perfect, clean, and easy to navigate. Returns are always quick at this one. Bathrooms are the nicest I have seen at any home improvement store.
4 I like the convenience of this store. They do have an instant key center. The prices seem to be better than most other Lowes. They do however honor Veteran's discounts and the employees are more apt to help you here.
5 The hardware store designed for women.  Phenomenal service and selection.  The patio and garden departments are amazing. Lowe's also boasts the best light bulb selection anywhere.   My experience here was almost, I repeat almost, as fun as going to Nordstrom.
4 Nice people and helped me With the items I needed
