5 This is the only location we regularly come to, but I have visited other stores on many occasions. The selection is good; just as good as other locations.  Staff is very friendly, and Bed Bath & Beyond's return policy is fantastic.  Stuff is sometimes a little more expensive than some online places, but sometimes the prices are right on, and with the dozens of coupons available through the mail, prices are great. Also, having a brick-and-mortar store you can deal with is in certain situations very useful (when trying a new product for example).  If you have a Keurig machine, this is the place to go. They have a ton of coffee and tea flavors available in the store, along with a lot of accessories (like storage drawers and reusable k-cups).  Small kitchen appliances, kitchen gadgets and accessories (tons and tons), bathroom stuff, bedroom linens and drapes, fine dinnerware and flatware, candles, art, stuff you never thought existed, it's all here. They also have a good selection of As-Seen-On-TV stuff; so if you are unsure about getting something on TV, try here and if the product isn't too good just return it.  Good place for a first-time home buyer looking to fill their house, and when comparing the selection, Bed Bath & Beyond definitely exceeds other small appliance or bedroom and kitchen accessory stores.
5 The best customer service. I had some issues with a special order and Kim the manager took special care and solved my problem. Employees are always friendly. I've been to other locations, but this is one of the best.
5 Though I do not shop here often, when I do, it's always pleasant.  I get their emails that have their 20% off coupons.  There was an item I wanted to get yesterday and I could not print off the 20% off coupon because their links weren't functioning properly.  I called the store and they said no problem.  They would take care of me.  They did.  They honored the 20% off coupon on my purchase without any fuss.  Everyone treated me well from when I called to paid for the product in the store.  They have a wide selection of tons of products, which one could go broke there.  The store is jam packed with stuff.  And, this location is close to where I live, so that's great.
5 So friendly. I needed a C02 bottle. The counter girl saw me walking towards the store with my empty one and she must have ran to grab a full one for replacement. It was at the counter by the time I walked through the door.
5 I TRY not to go into the store but NOT because of the quality or service, on the contrary! The last time, everyone was so nice so helpful; the quality of merchandise and service SO on point that I spent $1500!!! Ahhhhhhh, can't stay away long enough. 5/5 starts BUT, BUYER BEWARE...you will have a blast, go over budget and have a list of "To gets" for next time! I love seeing all the new fun stuff on the market :).
5 Every Bed Bath and Beyond location has had awesome customer service. I love their selection of items carried in the stores. They also accept expired coupons and they accept multiple coupons in the same transaction. The way they treat their customers definitely make them keep wanting to come back to their stores!
