5 So, a guy walks into a UPS Store with a Scuba Suit...  Yes, this actually happened last week while I'm filling in the forms that I had emailed ( my printer died last week) over to The UPS Store near Tarbell's and Sportsman's on 32nd & Camelback.  The guy was shipping the suit and was very concerned about insuring it.  "No problem" says 1 0f the 2 men college age guys working there.  In the meantime, I also had to copy my AZ Drivers License and a Thai Massage Certificate (proof of 25 hours of CEU's) for my AZ Massage License.  And here is the cool part and why they receive a fiver in this review, No Charge For The Printing!  It is less than a buck, I get that, but it is also a simple gesture of great service.    So... does anyone know of a great, inexpensive tech that can fix my dead HP printer?
5 I stood in line at the US Post Office for about 15 minutes, only to find out that my stuff (packed in my own box) didn't qualify for any of their Priority Mail flat rates...it would ONLY if I crammed it into their own awkwardly-sized, long, flat box. I would've had to tear open my own taped-up box (with what??), unpack everything in it (in front of all these people waiting in line??), re-pack it in their long, very flat box (what if some of my items weren't that flat??) and then could save $4.   Exasperated, I gave them their "Priority Mail" tape back, hopped in the car, and Yelped for the nearest UPS store. Found it at Camelback & 32nd.  Two employees were on hand, one busy with another customer so the other stepped right up to help me. The UPS employee gave me several shipping options, and I chose the one which got my box off to its destination for $2 cheaper than the USPS, and also INCLUDED a tracking number. In and out in less than five minutes.
1 I always try to give this UPS store my business for its close to home but every time I've been in the employees always have a chip on their shoulder - dude I'm just trying to mail something and its your job to help me get that done!  Terrible customer service.  They could be a lot nicer.  I prefer to use FedEX but sometimes I need to use UPS so I will go to the other UPS store on Indian School from now on - they are super nice - shouldn't every store be like that!
5 Friendly customer service!  They will compare rates on the different shipping providers, help pack things into extra boxes they have and tape things up for no additional charge!  Can't ask for more.
1 I am really confused by the behavior of the employees at this store, specifically a woman named Elyse.  Every single experience I have ever had with her is terrible.  If you hate your job as much as it seems you do- find a new one.  You have a very stress free job- collect shipments, run a cash register, hand off packages to the real hard working UPS employees (the drivers) and collect a paycheck.  With her unprofessional, rude and condescending attitude I will be happy to make my business to the new FedEx just down the road.
