1 As a Walmart shopper for my entire life, and a LOYAL one, it actually pains me to write this review.  My husband went in and bought a quart of paint.  The woman at the paint counter did not close it properly (she "forgot") and gave him the paint in a bag to bring home with other items.  When he left the store he was not aware the can was leaking.  He walked into our home with brand new carpet (less than a year old) and walked across the entry and dining areas (both carpeted).  The paint dripped EVERYWHERE.  We immediately called a manager at the store, stated what happened, and took pictures in.  They assured us something would be done.  Instead we were routed to three different managers and finally "claims" in Arkansas.  "Claims" did not contact us for THREE WEEKS despite stating they would call us numerous times.  They did not return our calls.  In the final hour - nearly three weeks to the day later - they denied our claim stating they were not liable...   The woman SAID she did not close the paint can!  How was my husband to psychically know not to carry that bag in with the others, and that it would spill ALL OVER our carpet.  Tried numerous times to remedy this and no luck.    Target, here we come.
1 This is the worse Walmart I have ever visited. The management staff DOES NOT staff the store. If you need help, you will wait for 30 minutes or more. Dirty store and always out of stock on the items you want. Also check the diary products as many are outdated. Very sad for a Walmart!
2 I avoid this Walmart. Always crowded in the day. That's probably all Walmart's but this one in particular is busy. The few times I have gone at night with the hubby (past midnight) there are stray dogs in the parking lot. Maybe it's just the area but I rather shop Walmart online. Free shipping , same products in store & get to avoid the crowd.
1 Sometimes you have to go to Walmart, because they have everything and man do I hate coming here. This has to be the worst Walmart I've been too. It's always packed and always dirty. I've gone on 3 different occasions and they were out of carts wtf! Also they have a very dim lit parking lot and there are shady characters hanging out there at night near the gardening section. Does this place have security or loss prevention, because I've never seen them. Avoid this place if possible.  Pros: It's Walmart it has everything  Cons: Dirty, crowded, no security, dark parking lots, shady characters hanging out, no carts.
1 i really dont like going to this walmart. yes the shelves are always stocked, but when it comes to checking out and customer service talk about horrible service. walmart can be packed on a saturday but they only decide to open about 3-4 lanes. they have so many check out lines... USE THEM WALMART! The waiting and the non caring attitude the staff shows really kills the shopping experience.
2 If you like dodging shopping carts in the parking lot, then this is the Walmart for you.  If you are looking for a shopping cart in the store, good luck.  The place is packed with rude people.  They are stocked out on bottled water.  Really?
