5 I totally love this Subway location. It is one of the cleaner ones I have been in and I have had a lot of good experiences here. The owner is always around, totally nice and her employees seem to have some personality which is a plus for me. They are pretty much always busy, but I don't think I have ever spent what I would consider to be too long there in line. I completely accept that you always run the risk of a so so service experience when it comes to fast food, but I have had too many good experiences here not to write about it.
1 Shit Sandwich!!!
4 This is probably one of the only Subway's that I will ever order from. The staff working currently is friendly and always fast. The place is usually clean and they totally have a guy working at the register who looks like Michael Cera... But more gangster. LOL  I've never really had any complaints about my sandwiches, just wished they wouldn't be so stingy with the southwest sauce. That's usually on and off, some workers will smother my sub and others will give just enough to make the sandwich okay.  I've been here a couple dozen times already and eating here doesn't make me feel like a fatty.
5 Always great service!! They are super friendly at this Subway and efficient!!  The subs are always great!! I am currently taking advantage of their daily special!! :) such great value for the bucks!! :)
5 This is the very best experience I've had at any subway. If you want to know how to do it right, go there, watch, and be amazed. First, the friendliness is wonderful and refreshing! Usually am put off by the rush, rush assembly line atmosphere. Not so here. All the choices at each station are at eye level (not up high). The attendant made eye contact and explained when I was hesitant. He took time to make me feel welcome there! There was warmth in his manner. Was it Al? Well, thanks and to the owner (Sue, I think), thanks for such a great experience. BLT was delicious! You are a class act. I wish you continued success. Whoever comes into your place, I guarantee they will come back over and over again. No coupons or gimmicks needed, just good food, patience, and smiles. I'm hooked on Subway, but not just any Subway to be sure. Unless they take a refresher taught by you and you and Al.
1 It's a Sunday night and I just finished a long shift at work, with plenty of subways on the route back home, this location is the closest. I arrived at 9:50, 10 minutes before closing and I know the sun artist Jeremy is anxious to get off, because of his greeting "hi what can I make you really fast". His mind was elsewhere, since I had to repeat my order multiple times. With all the extras, when I asked for lettuce, I got maybe 8 little shreds. If there was a subway Olympics, he would get a gold medal for speediness, but not for quality. When I asked for just a little oil and vinegar, he drowned my sandwich in it. I live right around the corner, and my sandwich was so saggy I had to put it on separate break I have at home. Not a pleasant subway.
