2 This store has the worst schedule ever.  They always seem to be doing stock on Saturday mornings around 8 or 9 which is really frustrating.   And no matter when I shop there is always stuff in the way and employees you must maneuver around.  Cashiers usually seem bothered by having to help me, and they really over stock bags when you bring reusable bags.
4 Great weekly deals. Excited they brought back taking competitor coupons!
3 There wasn't anything special about this grocery store to the others that I found in Florida. Outside that they have hard liquor in the same area. The produce could get much better and the cost is ok. I hate anyplace that asked you to get a card or number to save. But I guess it's a great way to keep people coming back. There just wasn't enough people on the floor to help. There actually didn't seem to be many employees in the store period. This was the closes to my brother's house which is probably the only reason he goes here.
1 This place is just awful.  Dirty and membership required (which is such a pain).    It's difficult to find what you're looking for also.  The set up is just odd.  We scrolled back and forth between the aisles trying to find marshmallows.  They're almost always in the baking section.  Not here.  Over near paper towels and toilet paper.  It's a zoo.  Go somewhere else!
1 I am a grocery store afficionado and I found this place to just suck. It is horribly organized and has these little half aisles at the end of longer aisles. We walked all over looking for common items that were placed in bizarre areas. Nothing seemed to gel or be cohesive at all. Very poor set up. The staff (when they could be found) was helpful to a degree but they even seemed confused or at a loss as to where commonplace items could be found. The check out system was HORRID at best. There was one person ahead of us with a reasonable amount of items, but for whatever reason the checker took 20 minutes getting her through. THe bagger lady was horrible, commenting on every item the lady bought. SHe did the same for us-I had to fight every urge I had to just shove her out of the way and bag our items myself. I will NOT be back. Awful.
4 I do love my local Fry's store!  Today was kind of an off-day as the lights kept going on and off...however it was business as usual!  Produce is always fresh and gorgeous.  Staff is always courteous and friendly and funny too!
5 Every time I come here the service seems to be great! The cashiers are always happy and enjoy holding a conversation with you.. Keeps me coming back! Great selection of healthy food options and produce is always FRESH! Not to mention they have a Redbox here :-)
3 3.5 Stars  This Fry's location is my back up location.  This store is large and used to be a Fry's Marketplace.  I stop here for my Gluten-Free  products when buying from Fry's.    Along with all the standard items you'll find at other Fry's you will also find the following:  *huge kitchenware section *vegan section *vegetarian section *larger dairy section *larger freezer section  This store is well stocked and generally does not stockout of goods compared to the 107th Ave & Indian School location.  They have remodeled this location and has a much warmer feeling to it than it did previously.
4 Plenty of lines open, each had 2-3 people waiting to check out. We choose the one line with only 1 person.  Fast forward to 25 mins later, the lady is having a breakdown because there's not enough money in her account but doesn't want to give up some of her food. There's crying and a big scene, with her kid having a tantrum (we had no clue what was going on at the time). Were stuck behind her with our entire cart unloaded already.  One of the other employees actually came around and paid for the rest of her order. It was fantastic to see someone actually care and step up to help.
3 Not my favorite Frys' s Food Store but it works in a pinch   This is not my favorite Frys Food Store but it's the closest Frys Food Store to my house. So when I am short on time, this is the Frys I find myself at.  I can usually find everything that I need with no problems.  All the associates are very polite, friendly, and helpful, and the  prices are competitive.   The deli is great.  However, I do have a "Love hate" relationship with the Deli.  I  love Boar's Head products; hate waiting to get them. The deli can be slow at times but if your in need of a six foot sub for a party, Frys is the place to go.  The sub are great tasting and reasonably priced.
