3 I've used U-Haul about a half dozen times to make a move. This time was slightly different. All I needed was a big enough vehicle to pick something up and take it home (I've reached the age where few of my friends have a truck or SUV anymore, and not enough kids to go out and get a new one, yet).   I rented a utility van for 20 dollars plus mileage. Not a bad deal, but still came to a lot more than it was worth. Probably should have gotten a truck from Lowes, but I was moving a glass table top and didn't want to risk it falling out of the bed.   Getting the van, then returning it was easy. I have no real complaints about the place. Not bad considering U-Haul is the biggest (and probably overall most obnoxious) truck rental service.
4 After my reservation at the location on Scottsdale Rd. fell through, I came here to get a truck and they eventually ended up being a big help to me.  The dude working behind the counter looked intensely stressed out because I was asking for a 24 hour reservation day of at that location with my initial request being somewhere entirely else.  With it being October 1st, availability was very, very, very low so I can understand why he was so stressed out and annoyed with my request.  Yes, I can understand that, but also, look at it from my perspective:  I booked that fucker a month ago and those other dipshits fell through.  Yes, Uhaul is a soulless corporation with a heart about the size of a raisin but give me a fuckin' break just this once, okay?  And so they did.  They ended up giving me a larger truck for the price of the one I had booked earlier.  Really, I had a rough morning but they pulled through.  If they hadn't, I'd be in all kind of hot water and bullshit right now.
2 Be sure that a representative accompanies EVERY customer to do a walk around of the vehicle before allowing them to leave the lot. We were told not to worry about noting all of the dents and scratches, that it wasn't that big of a deal. The vehicle was covered in little X stickers, including the area of a large swipe of paint across the passenger side door. Yet when I returned the vehicle I was blamed for hitting a pole and lying about it. I was trapped in a situation that could have been avoided had the representative simply accompanied me to look at the vehicle during the walk-around. I appreciate that U-Haul "took my word" for the situation, but I do not appreciate being trapped and blamed for an act I simply did not commit.  This is the third time I have used U-Haul and the third time I have had an unpleasant experience.
5 I rented a truck and moving pads from this location. I came in a week prior to my rental date to pick up some moving supplies and they staff was very helpful in helping me pick out the right mattress bag and boxes. They even carried them out to my car for me!  When it was time to move, the truck was very clean and ready for me when I arrived. The process to check out the truck was maybe 10 minutes total. I know that the end of the month weekend is always the busiest with people closing on homes and leases ending. So, I made sure I rented my equipment the weekend before the end of the month weekend. They weren't very busy and I was able to get in and out with no issues.   The staff was knowledgeable and friendly. They took the time to walk me around the truck and make sure I was comfortable with all of the features.   Later that day, when I returned the truck, they met me outside when I pulled up. They did a quick inspection of the vehicle and I was on my way. I have no complaints and had a great experience with this center.
5 no probs
1 Roadside assistance and customer service are extremely unhelpful, even in dangerous situations. In hindsight, given the situation that we had, and the dangerous issues that we were having with our truck, we should have just had it towed. The story follows:  My girlfriend and I rented a 14' truck to move out of our apartment. On the first leg of the trip, the truck didn't have any issues, but when we tried to drive it back to the U-Haul location, the truck wouldn't start. We called U-Haul's roadside assistance, and their representative told us to put the parking brake on, put the truck in neutral, and then try to start the engine again. Not only did this maneuver fail, but when we put the truck back into park, it started rolling down the driveway. We put on the parking brake - while the truck was in park - and it was still rolling. The only thing we could do to prevent it from rolling farther into the street was sit behind the wheel with one of us pushing down on the brake.  At this point, the roadside assistance representative told us that we would need to sit there, pressing down the brake, for the next hour (which is how long it would apparently take for a mechanic to come). She told us that she needed more information before she could contact a mechanic to give us roadside assistance. When we explained that we were in a pretty dangerous situation (caused by her recommendation), and that the truck was half-way in the road, and that it would keep rolling unless we actively pushed down the brake, she said there was nothing that she could do, and someone would be there within the hour. I asked to speak to her supervisor, who - naturally - couldn't help us. When we asked to speak to her manager, she said that no one was available, but that one of them would call us back within 15 minutes (which, of course, never happened).  After waiting with one foot on the brake for about an hour, a mechanic came and told us that we had a dead battery (which is interesting, given that we didn't leave the headlights or any other equipment on - I would say that this, alone, is a big issue). When I asked him why a dead battery would affect the parking brake, or why it would prevent the truck from being in park, he didn't have an answer (which, I believe, is a much more serious issue).  We ultimately called the roadside assistance number again to ask how we could be refunded. They gave us a customer service number to call. The customer service representative told us that we would need to speak with the manager of the store that we had rented from. When we got to the store, we were told that refunds are normally handled by the customer service hotline, but they said that they could handle it for us regardless, and that the manager would give me a call the following morning.  At this point, I'm still waiting to hear from the manager about being refunded for the hour that I spent with their malfunctioning truck, dangerous truck. I plan to update this review when I hear back.
3 Ultimately, the cost of the rental was refunded. Nothing wrong with this location in particular, but I can't say I'll be relying on U-Haul trucks or their roadside assistance in the future.
1 Went to get the trailer we had on reserve. First guy said they didn't have it. So the owner Brad Ford tried helping us. Offered to give us the biggest trailer for only a $5 discount saying "29.95 is the best I can do" Your store isn't pawn stars! He then said our reserved trailer would be in at 5 and he would call so we can pick it up. It's 5:40. Thanks Brad for wasting our whole day for moving!
1 Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12. As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22. It did not arrive until 6/26. I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location. I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company. Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!  Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund. Every person directs me to call another office. When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late. That's how it goes. I'm not giving you anything." I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case? Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations. UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable. I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence. They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.  In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car. The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it. They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing. We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete! I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late. What a complete nightmare.  Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back. But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth. FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you. Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on. If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix. They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.  Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT. http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes Charter)!
