5 It was my birthday yesterday and my mom who lives in California wanted to send me something, so an Edible Arrangement it was!  We missed the delivery, so they redelivered it the following morning and I was a little unsure about how fresh the fruit would be, but it is absolutely delic! It is HUGE! the arrangement came with chocolate covered gingerbread men that are actually pineapple cut into men...The chocolate is very good, not cheap tasting like I kind of expected. Its the small arrangement, but I wouldn't call the amount of fruit they put in this small..I might have to bring it to work so it doesn't go bad...there's that much fruit in it!    I am pregnant too, so partly why I think this was a great choice!
5 When you want to send someone flowers but realize that sending them often gets pretty boring, call Edible Arrangements! You can order a custom Fruit arrangement or if your in a hurry, they always have a few made up in their refrigerator! I usually always get one that's in their fridge already made up. I'm a last minute kind of person!  Tip: when you go in to order or pick up, ask for a free sample of chocolate covered strawberries, bananas, pear, etc. they always give me one or two! I Love the chocolate covered pears better that any others! Their chocolate is hard but soft and creamy. Not hard shell!
5 Just called and ordered what sounds to be an amazing arrangement for a great price. Years ago I was house sitting and able to enjoy an incredible arrangement of fruit from this company and have been ordering it for friends and family ever since. It stayed fresh for days and was so delicious! I wish all fruit was this appetizing.... I know I would eat more fruit daily if I just had a gourmet chef to cut all the fruit ...and of course cannot skip out on the dipped chocolate ones.  Great customer service from this location and even tho I just called around noon she said it wasn't a problem to deliver today. She fit the price range I wanted and didn't try to "upsale". I can't wait to hear from my lovely family about the yummy treat. Just wish I was there to help them enjoy it. Ha!!
