5 Randy's is highly recommended. After purchasing and (subsequently breaking) a specialty tool, necessary for a repair, a friend recommended Randy's and they got us out of a bind. They were incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. They had us in and out in no time.
5 Absolutely THE most honest mechanic you'll ever go to.  I always take my vehicle here and recommend them to everyone.  They do not cheat you, offer you a great price, show and explain what you need done and why.  Randy and Russ are very honest people. They never "recommend" having work done that I do need.
5 Randy and his crew did a great job doing the maintenance on my truck.  I was in and out in an hour.  This will be my new regular shop.
5 My son had an unknown issue with his transmission in his 1998 Jeep Cherokee.  We got a recommendation to a shop in Tempe. The vehicle was towed there and after some time they said it would need a full rebuild for a rate that seemed quite high.  I did not trust the quote and had the truck towed to Randy's Shop. So glad I did, Randy and the staff gave a much more reasonable quote and completed the rebuild for the price they anticipated.  I now have a whole new outlook on the industry thanks to Randy's honesty and integrity. I highly recommend Randy's if you want an experience that doesn't leave you guessing or confused.  Keep up the GREAT Work.  Thanks Again.
5 Always my first choice. Affordable, reliable, quality service, and honest... No sales pitch, up-selling, or bull... Just great mechanics!
5 My family has been going to these guys for many years because they are good at what they do and HONEST! That is obviously a very nice quality to have in a mechanic.
5 Outstanding!  Took my car there on a recommendation and was not dissapointed. Worked with Russ, told him I needed an honest opinion as to whether or not it was worth it to fix my car. He gave me my options and was very up front with me about the condition my car was in. Ultimately I opted to not have my car repaired and sell it instead...but I will be coming back for my future maintenance and repairs.  So refreshing to feel like I have finally found a competent and honest mechanic!
