5 Excellent family style thai dining! 5/5 Osha Thai has been our favorite restaurant in the past year! This cozy and family-style restaurant never failed us everytime we dined there. They have very authetic thai food that is comparable to those in Thailand (I grew up with Thai food in Southeast Asia). They have everything from your typical pad thai, seafood somtum (green papaya salad) to gourmet cashew duck. The price is very reasonable with this kind of quality! Service always excellent!
4 Another lovely mom and pop with fabulous authentic thai.  The prices are very reasonable and I've never had a problem with the service.
4 After standing at the doorway for a few minutes, we were told to seat ourselves wherever we wanted.  After perusing the menu, we decided to ask for recommendations of what is the most authentic on the menu.  Jan launched into Thai and the conversation rapidly took off onto a tangent about ice cream.  We finally got back to the food and was recommended these dishes:  - Pad Kee Mow ($10) - stir-fried wide rice noodles with variety of veg and basil - Pad Grapow ($10) - stir-fried onions, basil, bell pepper  - Arizona Heat Wave ($12) - interesting name for red curry  Each comes with choice of meat.  We picked beef and chicken.  We asked for both white and brown rice which are provided without additional charge - a nice touch. We asked for medium spicy and the seasoning was spot on. Good balance of salty, spicy and sweet which is what makes Thai food so addictive.  I also liked the amount of vegetables that come with each dish, although more than what is traditional, it seems more healthy.  The food was so tasty we had to ask for another round of rice.    Even though we live 5 min from Osha, we've been afraid to try it for fear of being disappointed since we cook pretty decent Thai food at home.  I'm glad we finally took the plunge and look forward to going back for the excellent Pad Kee Mow, in particular.  Note that Osha is family run so the service can be a bit laid-back which is, actually, very Thai.  (Please note that the restaurant will be close Feb 1-19 for a family trip back to Thailand, according to the signs posted on the walls.)
5 A family run business right around the corner, consistantly delicious, with great service. It does not serve alcohol so bring your own.
5 Very good beef panang curry.  It has a complex flavor and the price is right.  Other dishes are tasty too.  Don't let the outside appearance scare you; Inside is simple and clean.  Service is laid-back, so be prepared to stay a little bit longer than you might at some sit-down places, but they'll work with you if you let them know you can't stay long.
2 Went to Osha tonight after reading all the good reviews.  It wasn't good...If you don't care about service or atmosphere, this is great for you.  Waitress was rude and cold, food took forever, refills on our sodas were not offered.  Food was good and prices were ok, but not worth going back.
5 A good friend took me to Osha Thai for my birthday.  The beef panang curry is amazing.  I have been known to create errands in this area just to justify a meal at Osha.  Simply yummy food, and I'm coming from north Glendale.  It's not much on decor, but who cares when the food is this good?
4 So glad I stopped into this neighborhood joint to pick up a menu during my few months in The Valley.  What a delight!    I'm a sucker for small, family-owned Asian restaurants and can usually find good things to say about them all.  But I mean it when I say that I really liked this place.  Try the Arizona Heat Wave.  We also got a ginger stir fry dish which did not disappoint... because it was aromatic and rich with ginger -- the flavor certainly wasn't masked.  My minor complaint is that the takeout portions are a bit on the modest size for the price.  But that's okay, it was so good I just wanted to be a bit of a glutton.  The Tom Yum Soup was good, too -- but the chunks of chicken and veggies seemed sparse in the quart size container.  Then again, the broth was so fragrant, I would have been happy to sip on that alone.  Great place!  Go support them if you live anywhere in the vicinity.
5 Not much on decor, which is cool because we're eating Asian country food.  Besides, I don't need a giant iron horse watching me eat and a psuedo-Haan Dynasty tapestry overhead with flecks of hoisin like that big chain Chinese restaurant.  I love Osha.  Why?  They're serving Thai food.  Not Thai-fusion, not "Yeah, we have a Thai name, but we're really just basic stir fry like the restaurant that closed up at Desert Ridge",  but Thai.  You want Panang?  They have it.  Mussaman?  They have it.  Green curry?  Yup.  All of the Thai basics are here along with your assortment of meats (and tofu for the wifey).  If you want it hot, you're going to get it hot.  That's why you came, right?  Not quite a "date night" style place, but if you're looking for unapologetic, unpretentious Thai cuisine, there's no place that comes even close in Scottsdale.  The hot pot soups are simply amazing as well.  Solid.  Solid.  Solid.
4 OSHA is def one of the better Thai restaurants in Scottsdale. The Thai iced tea is the best I've had since my friends aunt made it from scratch.
5 Our meal was excellent from start to finish and even common meal components like the Thai iced tea and coconut ice cream were standouts.  The dishes were spiced accurately per our preferences (you can order mild, medium, hot and Thai hot) and delicious.  They were also authentic (yet presented in a very accessible way so those who have no experience with Thai food will also feel welcome here).  We ordered the Shu Mai appetizer and got fat, delightful little wontons stuffed with tasty filling and served with a yummy dipping sauce. We also ordered the Pad Prik Kring (green beans, curry paste, and crushed peanuts) and the Pad Kee Mow(wide noodles with a variety of vegetables), both with chicken.  The vegetables were fresh and cooked perfectly crisp tender and the dishes were full of flavor. The service was attentive and judging from the amount of take out orders, this place has a growing and well deserved following in the neighborhood.  The restaurant is located in a nondescript strip mall and the decor is nothing special but the food is so special that you won't mind!
4 I'd give the food at Osha a 3.5, but the service was so friendly that I rounded them up..it's a nice, family-run neighborhood, authentic Thai restaurant. It has no atmosphere, as is the case with most Thai places, and the place was empty on the night we went, but they put out some very good food. However, I think the food at Thai House, at Frank Lloyd Wright and Hayden, is just as good and about $1 to $2 less per dish, so combined with their closer location to me, I don't see much reason to go back to Osha over Thai House.
1 Ok. Just ordered dinner to go and it was ALL wrong!  Spent $12 on a curry chicken and there was tiny little pieces of thinned out chicken, total waste of money, seriously, there was NO chicken in this dish. I am SO disappointed. We also ordered Thai toast only to get some fried corn patty. It also seems they increased their prices. We did call and the lady who answered said that I ordered these corn patties and I said, "I have no idea what these corn patties are let alone the name of it to order it". Uggg.   I'd rather go to Thai House which is further away to get Thai food - their portions are well worth the money there.  Sorry Osha!
4 Osha is a great thai restaurant.  The food is excellent and will make you want to come back time after time.   The atmosphere is ok, but they definetely know how to make great thai food.  Plus the employees are very nice and the prices are good too.  I highly recommend Osha.
5 This is a great hole in the wall.  I get the Pad Thai there.  They have different levels of heat that you can order.  I order mild and it is just right.  If you get the hot, it is REALLY hot.  I have eaten in here and had it to go.  It is consistently good both ways.
2 There's an Osha Thai back home in SF that is really good and I've heard great raves about this place from my co-workers who claim to be "thai food snobs". Took my sister here and we love thai food and are relatively easy to please at restaurants as well as pretty patient. This place just reopened today after closing for a quick remodel, so maybe being closed for a couple of weeks has made them forget how to give good customer service.   There were two other guests that came in, who were obviously regulars,  and despite ordering after us by at least 5 minutes, they got their food about 20 minutes before us! Actually I stand corrected, they finished their food before we even got started on our appetizers! We ordered crispy tofu, shrimp pad thai, and fried tofu pad see ew.  The crispy tofu took about 20 minutes to come out, then after that, we waited at least another 20 minutes before being told our food would be out soon. Two people had come in during that time and placed togo orders, to which they got to pick up and leave by the time we got close to getting our food.   Then the food came out and all we could smell was something burning. The pad thai looked and tasted pretty great, but my pad see ew was burned and there were pieces of charred tofu and rice noodles, which were conveniently buried under the pile of broccoli. I tried to be a good sport and eat it, but it was way too bitter. Then they asked how our food was and I said it tasted burnt. The waitress had the audacity to tell me "that's how it's supposed to be, but I can tell the kitchen to make you another". Yeah right, and wait another half an hour? Maybe it took too long bc they forgot and burned my noodles. What happened to customer service where if a customer feels like she tastes charred food, they just apologize for it? Hey, I know carcinogens when I taste it and that was definitely not the brown sauce I expected.   They ended up taking the pad see ew off my bill, which was the least they could do. I think I ate maybe 1/5 of my meal. The crispy tofu was very good, and so was the pad thai. The pad see ew was not good, so either I shouldn't order it next time, or if I want something charred, that's what I should get. Customer service was SLOW as molasses. There were only 3 other tables there besides us, so I don't see how it took so long to get our food. If you're down for 50% satisfaction, this seems like the place to go. I might try to give them the benefit of the doubt and come back but order something else and getting it to go (call in ahead first!). Otherwise, I'd try to look for some other thai place elsewhere, even though this is down the street from where I live.
5 Somehow this unassuming place in a strip mall in Arizona is one of the better Thai restaurants I've been to.  I've been here numerous times, and each time the food is consistently delicious.  One of the best Pad Thai dishes I've ever had, and most of the curries have had have also been quite good (save the Green Curry, of which I've had better)  Like most good Asian restaurants, you should come here for the food and not the decor/ambiance/service/whatever.  On my last visit the decor appeared to be in the process of being updated from it's previous hole-in-the-wall look, but wasn't quite there yet.  I've never had a problem with the service -- they're very friendly and efficient but they don't fall all over themselves for you either, which is fine with me.  I believe it's a family run operation, so keep that in mind.    It's not a high-end place, but if you're after good Thai food you won't go wrong here.
5 This is my favorite Thai restaurant EVER!!!  It's family owned, and the staff are sooo nice!  The portions and prices are great!  They never have trouble making curries just the way we like them! Their yellow curry is so delicious that it brings a smile to my face just thinking about it, and their Osha Golden Pockets are like little yummy pockets of happiness that have yet to be replicated by any other Thai restaurant I've ever been too.  The Pad-thai has the perfect balance of sweet and savory,and the Chicken Satay is so juicy!  They also make a great cup of Thai iced tea :) I wish I still lived in the area!
4 Ever since we moved to FLW and Shea we have enjoy Osha Thai almost every weekend!  We love their Basil Fried Rice and I always get the phad thai medium so it has a little more spice.  So yum!
5 We were looking for someplace different to go to in the neighborhood.  I have driven by Osha Thai many times and decided to stop in.  Wow, am I glad we did!  Everything about this place is great. Great food, Great prices, Great Service.  We started out with chicken lettuce wraps and Mee Grab.  For our entree's we had Ginger (Pad Khing Sod) with chicken,  Spicy Cashew Beef and a noodle dish.  Everything was better than the next!    I'm looking forward to the next visit!
5 This is a really good Thai restaurant. The food was excellent. We ordered clear noodles, awesome. Pad Thai with shrimp was perfect. My kids had the chicken skewers with peanut dip and loved it. There were no left overs because we ate everything up. MMMMMM. I highly recommend. We will be back.
2 I have mixed reviews on this place and I have been here quite a few times for lunch.  Certain things are always great, like the golden pockets, chicken lettuce wraps and the chicken satay!  They usually have great sauces in general; I think most of them are made in house (family owned restaurant).  I have had most of their curries and they are quite yummy, minus the few times it was overly salty!  The peanut dipping sauce with the chicken satay is awesome...Yum!    The 'meh' part of this restaurant:  The service- I think it has ALWAYS been slow and it is like pulling teeth to get a refill on anything.   Portion and Price- I know America does not need another restaurant that serves huge portions, but Osha Thai's portions are rather small and lacking in the meat department.  I guess at least you get lots of yummy sauce for your rice or noodles.  Vegetarians would probably really like this place :)    I will go back just because it is around the corner from my work, but I am not a huge fan in general.  However, I will always order the GOLDEN POCKETS! YUMMY!
5 I fell in love with Thai food many years ago when I was in Paris and this Thai restaurant definitely satisfies my cravings! I always get the thai basil beef medium spice with brown rice and every time I eat it I melt. It is so delicious!  This is the kind of place that you go when you just want to have a nice relaxing meal. I stop at Fresh n Easy and grab a 3.99 bottle of Big Kahuna red wine and head over to Osha. They charge $1 corking fee and bring out some glasses (usually mismatched but that adds charm to it for sure!) It's a great family owned Thai restaurant where they're always friendly and the food always tastes yummy! One tip though, if you're making a special trip out there you should call ahead, it's not uncommon for them to close for a few weeks to go back to Thailand!
4 Out of the way spot, that is not very exciting from a decor prospective.  However the food is great.  They are consistent with their spice, flavors, etc. and I've been going there for several years and will continue.
3 We visited this place on 2011-07-14.  We happened to be in the neighbourhood and decided to give it a try.  The place is tucked away in a small strip mall.  Everything else in the mall was closed, but we bravely soldiered on.  Walking into the restaurant is like walking into the sitting room of someone's home, but with some extra tables and a couple of booths along one wall.  The decor was minimal, with just enough to let you know you were in a Thai restaurant.  However, it had all the warmth of the sitting room at your doctor's office.  Service was attentive; after all, we were only the second table seated that night (another table came in later).  Ordered the Thai tea to start.  Pretty standard fare... nothing special here. Ordered the chicken satay.  Portions is a little light, and I wished the chicken had a bit more of a sear on it to get some color.  Doused in curry and served with peanut sauce, it works, but certainly isn't the best I've ever had. Ordered the Arizona Heat Wave... I think they got the name wrong - where's the heat?  It was flavorful but was mostly vegetables.  Where's the beef?  Ordered the Pad Tai.   Pad Thai was good, but nothing to write home about.  I've had better traveling through Asia, but this was good for Phoenix.  Overall, the flavors were good, the portions were a bit small, the decor minimal, and the price a touch on the high side for mostly vegetables (someone else also mentioned they skimp on the meats - they were correct).  Would I return here?  If I was in the neighbourhood and felt like Thai food, then probably yes, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
4 Fantastic food, intimate setting, understaffed at times, but worth the wait!
4 I enjoy their curries-the staff is friendly and the food is always yummy.  Usually I do take out, but today I think I will go in for a sit down meal-review to be updated soon!
4 We live in the neighborhood and have been getting take out from Osha for over 6 years. Only recently have I been dining in for lunch on occasion.  The food is always good. Not WOW! great, but consistently good Thai food. I agree with some other reviewers that the portions are not the usual American restaurant size. My 115 lb self  can usually eat my entire lunch entree and feel full but not over-stuffed. They are not generous on the protein either (meat/tofu). Really though, if we're honest, this is a good thing and how we 'should' be eating to be healthy, so I'm not knocking them for this. Dining in, the place is very clean, the service good. Again not a WOW! experience, but I've nothing to complain about either. The lunch entrees are a good deal. I think the lunch appetizers are a bit steep. Overall, yummy Thai food and I'm glad to have them nearby.
5 3 times in 2 weeks should tell you thy this place is stellar! I have had both the basil chicken and the garlic pepper chicken. They are both super tasty. If you like spicy I would go hot over medium. All of their meat and veggie are very fresh. Service is good and to-go orders are very fast. The place is small and cute inside. Best part, they have brown rice! Yummy. This place is a MUST try!
5 Yum!
3 Family owned ,been coming here for almost 4 years the food & service have gone downhill. Water glass has spots, crispy fish has spice but where is the crispy!
4 Osha serves excellent food and is just down the street from my apartment which is awesome because aside from the usual fast food chains there aren't a lot of great restaurants in the immediate area.  I have only ordered carry out and they've always had it ready in fifteen to twenty minutes.  I ordered the Tom Ka and Panang and while I prefer Thai House's panang, Osha's wasn't bad by any means.  Osha also has better hours as they are one of the only places open on Sunday.
1 This place is horrible. I cannot believe Yelpers have given Osha Thai a four star rating. The food is bland, overpriced, and far from authentic. The fried tofu appetizer is a joke. They're not even using fresh tofu they're using prepackaged crap. The chicken curry has no flavor or spice. It is basically watered down yellow broth.  I would not recommend this place even if it was the last place on earth to eat. I would rather eat at McDonald's next door.
3 We went to Osha Thai last night with a couple of friends.  We live in Fountain Hills and have been there quite a few times over the years.  The one thing we like is the fact that we can bring our own bottle of wine for a small corking fee.  The meals were good (not exceptional).  Our friends loved their Evil Jungle Princess and Pad Thai.  I had the Basil Chicken and my wife had Pepper Steak.  I thought both were kind of bland...not bad.....but not great.  All 4 of us thought the portions were a little small....another reason for only 3 stars.  They do have excellent Chai Tea though.  Overall, it's a good place and if you are in the area it's worth checkin' out.
5 A surprising find for us!  The food is absolutely fantastic.  The service is fast, especially during lunch when we don't have a lot of time.  I order take out quite frequently and everything is always fresh and delicious.
4 We stopped at Osha on a sister's night out to the theater, on our way into Fountain Hills. Very neat and clean. we went on a Saturday night. Service was friendly and the food was fantastic. I had the Pad Thai and we got some really great appetizer which I can't remember the name to, but was super yummy. Our drinks were refreshed and our waitress attentive.  Rest room was clean, no changing tables for kids in case your wondering.
1 Wow... I had to share tonight's experience.... We stopped in to get some take out ...for the 30th time.... My wife told the owner about the terrible Chai Tea from the last time... Instead of giving her a $2 tea and saying "Sorry" she gave my wife a lesson on how precise the tea is always made! Then we both commented on the Lettuce Rolls when we got home... That's 99% of what was in there! Hmmmm ... Why was there one couple in your place for dinner at 7 pm on a Friday night?!?!? Thai House is lookin' a little closer to Fountain Hills from now on!!!
4 We first had Osha when a co-worker ordered lunch for the office. I had a tofu soup and a Thai iced tea and husband ordered a curry. Everything was really good, so we decided to go there for lunch. The place is kind of hard to miss if you are driving by and the inside is really plain, but the service is fast and the food is great. I ordered the Pad Thai (mild with tofu) and a Thai Iced Coffee. The husband ordered their Cashew Chicken (medium). Both were delicious! My tofu was tender and the spice level was just right. (Glad I didn't order medium, husband's food was spicy!) The ice coffee was delicious as well. One of the better ones I've had in the valley. Overall, we love coming here and will definitely be back again!
3 This is a small Thai restaurant, cute decor and  standard service. The food is ok and every entree I have ordered is lacking in the protein category. If you are going to pay $13 for a hot pot of shrimp soup you would think it would have more than 6 small (not medium) shrimp in it.  Not sure how hard it is to keep a small restaurant open in N Scottsdale but shorting the customers to make your overhead doesn't seem like it would be worth it in the long run.
3 First time here but the food was pretty good.  I asked for mild but there was a hint of spice after the food hit my tongue for about a minute or so.  Guess you can't have curry without it being hot.  Service was quick, we called ahead with our order and in 15minutes it was ready.  The takeout order was packed nicely with utensils and napkins enclosed.  We ordered a noodle dish which was very tasty and the noodles cooked just right!  The tofu was a little overdone so maybe I'll get fresh tofu next time instead of fried.  There wasn't enough tofu on the order though, it was like they were skimping...
5 Absolutely delicious. I eat Thai all over Las Vegas, and this beats my favorite restaurant there. Owner does all the cooking. I highly recommend this place!
5 my family and I have been going to this place for a long time. off and one about 2 years. probably some of the best hidden Thai food in the valley. I wish they could deliver. deff. must -- Pad Thai, fresh spring rolls with peanut sauce are my 2 favs.
4 I've been coming here for 3 years. Always order pad see ewe with beef, level 3 out of 1-4 heat level and it is spicy, but always good. I would recommend a level 2 for most people who aren't used to Thai hot, because 3 is enough to make your body temp rise a bit kinda hot - and I'm the type of person who likes raw horseradish...I can't imagine ordering a level 4. Unpretentious and authentic Thai food. Portions are not American sized, but they have the best Thai I've had in North Scottsdale.
4 Based on food, this place gets 5 stars. But that's not all that makes a restaurant.   The service can be pretty slow, but not to slow to make you wonder how many bowls they might be smoking in the back... So it's all good!  Osha Thai is BYOB, and that makes me very happy. There are not many spots like it  in the area.   You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu, but the Pad Woonsen is killer! Spice that bad boy up and throw in some protein!  Come here looking for a great bite, and bring along a few bottles of wine to wash it down! You won't regret it (until the next day maybe?). Haha.
4 I've eaten here a couple of times now. I had the Chicken Pad Thai both times and it was excellent.  I'm a heat freak: I like my food super spicy.  The first time I ate here I opted for the hottest spice option on the menu, "Thai Hot" ... The flavor was great but there still wasn't much burn.  Last night the waitress heard me recounting this to my friend as we were contemplating our orders and asked if we'd like our food "beyond Thai Hot".  Heck yeah!  It was pretty much the perfect level of spiciness -- got a little sweat going, but wasn't hot to the point that finishing my meal was a challenge.  The waitress was super friendly as well!
5 We have been to this restaurant twice .  The food has been excellent both times and the service quick and attentive.  It is a small neighborhood restaurant in a strip mall-- well worth visiting.  We will be back again and again.
3 6/12/14  Mom and I were craving Thai for dinner, so I used the Yelp app to find a restaurant nearby we hadn't tried yet.  It took us awhile to find the place, since the Directions link on Yelp only took us to the general vicinity.  After circling around for a few minutes, I decided to call Osha and ask the person on the receiving end what landmarks he was close to.  He mentioned being behind Blue Adobe, so I punched that in for directions, and voila!  We found Osha in two minutes.  The strip mall was quite packed with cars, with nothing next to Osha available, and I had to circle around once to find close enough parking.  The outside of the restaurant isn't very welcoming, and Mom feared that the place was empty, and sure enough we opened the door, and only one couple was seated and another man was waiting for his takeout order.  All three were white- hmm... where are the Asians?  Seems like we were the only ones there, as the next three people (a couple who was seated, and one man for takeout) who entered were also white.  What is the best way to know if an Asian restaurant is churning out great tasting, authentic Asian food?  When the majority of its clientele is from that cuisine's country, or neighboring countries.  (My Japanese-Hawaiian coworker told me most Asians prefer to eat their food at home, since they think they cook better than chefs/cooks do at the restaurants, and I have heard many Thai people telling me this themselves.  So perhaps this standard measurement of a great restaurant doesn't apply to Thai venues.)  The decor is very nice indoors, however.  Lots of gold-leaf and wood, and shiny dark brown table tops and complementing soft pleather booths, and I liked the water installation near the front entrance.  Very relaxing.  Nice date place, once you get over the parking and exterior.  Food was delicious!  Mom ordered #58 Fisherman's Net, medium-spiced- a platter of shrimp, scallops, clams, squid, and fish sautéed with carrots, bell pepper, onions, lemongrass, and scallions with kaffir lime leaves, $14.  The first couple of bites were underwhelming for her, but she grew to enjoy the dish very much.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/osha-thai-cafe-scottsdale?select=S35fYLQxhI80L7YbE1rzbQ#S35fYLQxhI80L7YbE1rzbQ  She found the sauce to be much better than that of my dish, #39 Gaeng Paa, a red curry cooked without coconut milk consisting of broccoli, bamboo shoots, and green beans and spiced with kaffir.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/osha-thai-cafe-scottsdale?select=f-H40F28bOzZXgk7tedSlA#f-H40F28bOzZXgk7tedSlA  I was told that its mild spice level will be spicier than that of the seafood entree, since there isn't any coconut milk to mitigate the heat, so I went with the mild, and was I glad I did!  Tasted very good, though, and I still had spoonfuls of the spicy broth in between bites.  Both entrees came with a choice of white or brown rice, so we chose white (for her to eat, as she isn't a fan of brown rice, and to have some to take home), but the rice came in one small bowl, and not two.  Strange, that.  Since I was going to skip the rice, I also ordered #5 Osha Golden Pockets to supplement my meal, and to share with Mom, of course!  Four "money bags" filled with potato, chicken, and onion spiced with turmeric curry.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/osha-thai-cafe-scottsdale?select=CbTIgcO8CtRVVhH3KYz06w#CbTIgcO8CtRVVhH3KYz06w  It came with a spicy sweet and sour sauce that Mom said was good, but I wouldn't know, since these pockets tasted great w/o the extra sugar and salt to me!  The menu said the pockets had chicken in it, but I did not detect any, and I was OK with that.  I just wish they were bigger!  Too bad the portions of food here are so small.  Not much leftovers, but we did take home enough for Mom to raid just a few hours later, claiming she was hungry again.  (I was good until breakfast, and I think her having rice with her meal had something to do with her blood glucose dropping and her feeling hungry again, but I will never get her to agree with me on this.)  Last, but not least, I ordered two desserts, all homemade: a scoop of green tea ice cream, $4 and a bowl of Thai custard, $3.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/osha-thai-cafe-scottsdale?select=IiN5IvMTQmgvQm1OkPhzNQ#IiN5IvMTQmgvQm1OkPhzNQ  The custard was good- teasing scents of caramel and egg-custard, but not too sweet, nice mouth-feel, but such a paltry serving!  Not worth paying $3 again next time.  The scoop of green tea ice cream was huge, very tasty, and lovely texture.  Gorgeous, as well, with dark flecks.  Almost worth paying $4 again.  Next time, charge me $6 for two scoops and we'll call it a deal!  3.5 stars for atmosphere, food, and good service.  Not quite 4 stars since the portions are too small for the prices.  May bump it up to 4 stars in the future if food quality and service remain consistent.  We'll be back, but not until we've tried other nearby Thai options first.
3 The food was fine, nothing special.  The most bizarre thing was that the water had a spicy after taste...my theory is that the hot pepper residue has gotten into their water glasses.
