4 It also has a Green Burrito. I love to order inside instead of the drive thru so that I can take some salsa and pico de gallo with me to put on my burger and fries.
2 The food is normal fast food. I got the big Carl combo for myself and substituted the fries for a side salad (only 30 cents extra) for my friend.  So back let's back up. When we walked in, there was a woman, her daughter, and her granddaughter. The little girl was bouncing around and screaming because she didn't get the toy she wanted in her kids meal. The cashier refused to exchange the unopened toy and the kid kept screaming. My friend and I exchanged a look that said "do we really want to eat in a restaurant with a screaming kid?", but then they started to leave.  So, friend and I walked up to the counter. But the cashier (can't remember her name, but she was short, of Mexican decent, and had curly black hair) turned and walked away. So we stand there for about 5 minutes (not even exaggerating) and she suddenly pops around the corner and asks "oh, did you need something?". So, I calmly say "yah, we would like to order some food...". She then takes my order. So we get our drinks and sit down. She calls my order number (usually Carl's Jr brings the food out to your table) and when I got up to the counter, the food wasn't even ready yet. I stand up there for another 5 minutes while she assembles my order. I ask for 2 forks and 2 packs of ranch dressing and she nods. So I take my tray back to my table, and realize there's only 1 fork and 1 pack of ranch. Back up to the counter I go. I get up to the counter, and guess how many eager employees there are to handle my request?! None. So I wait. I do the whole cough-and-maybe-someone-come-around-the-corner trick. No one. But wait! Someone does come around the corner! It looks like a manager, so I stand there and smile and wait for him to acknowledge me. He walks right by me, and goes out to the lobby to clean tables. At this point I am ready to walk back there and grab my own fork, since no one in the restaurant has heard of customer service. The girl comes back around the corner and asks "what do you need?" and I say a fork and another ranch packet. She throws them both on the counter and goes back around the counter. At this point, my friend has walked up to the counter to see why it's taking so long. I grab the items and go back to my seat.  Overall, it was a bad experience, and I will note going back to this Carl's Jr again.
3 The Jim Beam burger is VERY good.
2 I love the cheap drinks. Cheaper than QT even...  And the spicy chicken isn't bad either.  BUT the person who takes the drive thru orders should really learn English.   The Drive Thru Story:  I'd like a Large Sweet Tea please.  A what? What size?  A LARGE SWEET TEA.  An unsweetened tea? What size?  LARGE AND SWEET.  Okay Thank You.   I pull up to the window...  Here is your raspberry sweet tea.  No. No raspberry. Just a sweet tea.  Oh. Oh okay sorry.  Brings out another drink. I drive away. Take a sip....  Unsweetened.
1 Wow, talk about unfriendly. Gina working the drive thru needs an attitude adjustment. Sorry I made you work? If you hate working you can quit. Learn how to smile too. Just rubs me the wrong way when I smile and am nice and I'm greeted with someone with a crap attitude. She seemed so put off that I spent money there. Man, maybe I shouldn't have.
3 I've always liked Carl's Jr. Probably because my mum likes this place. (Shot out to ya Mum!!!) Recently, I picked up this coupon thing for $6 giving me a couple freebies as well as a bunch of buy 1/get 1's. So I'll be visiting Carls a bit, until my vouchers run out or my taste buds are fed up with me. I've been to this location several times in my life. Always clean & never had an issue with service. On a tangent, I do miss how Carl's USE TO BE BIGGER/HARDIER LIKE Hardy's (I know they are the same but why not act like it-RIGHT.......) Gotta say tho this time I got a good laugh from the counter guy. I swear he was high! He didn't mess up my order at all but he was a bit magoo. I'm 1 out of 2 tables in the dining area, they had their food already, and he didn't remember I was the only person in there that had ordered recently so he was looking around to make sure he was bringing the food to the right guy. hilarious!!
1 Worst location ever. The guy taking our order sounded like he was on meth or something. It took him almost FIVE minutes just to take our order at the drive through window. We repeated things back several times but when we finally drove up to the window we got one drink without the meal, one meal without the drink and no quesadilla for our daughter. We wasted 10 minutes at a drive thru with no cars ahead of us and still didn't get our order. If you have to have Carl Jr's - don't have it here - waste of time and money.
5 Food was just as it was supposed to be and had my order and my food within 5 min.  Not sure what was going on with all the unhappy reviews.  Maybe they came during a lunch rush?  I'm here at 11:15 am and couldn't be happier.  The service was great too.  Nice smile and courteous.
1 Absolutely the worst experience ever. Not only was my burger made wrong, I mean it was extremely difficult - mayo, mustard, pickles, lettuce tomato and cheese. what did I get? Ketchup, 3 lousy pickles, a smidge of mustard and lettuce and tomato. The burger was also cold. And I don't mean warm, it was cold. Disgusting. I will never be back to this Carl's Jr. Maybe not to any of them.
1 Fast food what a joke, friendly service NOT !!!!!! I will never go back to this one even though it is super close. I have been there several times . You need new employees. Food took way toooooooo long.
