1 This business is shady with their billing practices. I had gone here on several occasions, and the next thing I knew, they had raised the price of my office visits without informing me, and had even misled me to believe it was alot less expensive than it was. When I attempted to clear this up with their billing department, they basically laughed at me. I will never recommend anyone to go here(especially me!) not because of their Doctors,  (they do have some good doctors) but because they charge you whatever they want without telling you.( shady!!!!) and there is no way to get around this, because I literally asked them how much it was before the appointment, and paid them and a week later, I get an additional 180$ added onto my office visit. shame on them! They also would not respond to a BBB complaint against them. would you do business with a business that cannot even respond to complaints filed at the BBB? I wouldn't even work for a company like that!
1 This place still stinks.  Maybe they can become a vets office or something useful.
2 I recently switched health care providers and searched doctors in my plan. I opted to go into this facility because it was convenient to my business and it was in my network.   Before I pin point the flaws with this establishment, I want to clarify that I don't have much faith in Healthcare in America as more often than not, you meet with the medical assistance or PA versus ever seeing the Dr.  In my case, I did meet the Dr. so that was a positive experience and the front staff was extremely nice. However, the back office staff was completely unorganized and the IQ level was questionable. No one should have to wait over an hour to be seen.  Furthermore, a clear acknowledgement or simple communication to patients is not too much to ask these days.  Moving along with my visit...  Dr. Sandmann was nice yet I felt very rushed during my visit with her and being a new patient, I was not too thrilled.  She completed my wellness exam and instructed me to take a urine sample.  No clear instructions on what to do after giving them my urine sample, I returned to the room and found another patient occupying that same room. I felt like cattle being herded all over the place. Puzzled, I asked a member in the back where I should go and she said that I should return to the lobby.  I have to say my faith in the knowledge of these medical assistance is clear to none.  One gal who took my blood asked me if "post" means after and a wise ass I am, I wanted to say no, it means Facebook post. Seriously? A week after my visit, I received a call from a staff at MPHC and she stated my LDL which is my "good" cholesterol was elevated.  Hmmm.. isn't LDL your "bad" cholesterol.  Nevertheless, my conclusion of healthcare in America is correct. Although this office may not support the brightest IQ's, I am certain of one thing, I will be switching physician's office.To summarize, It's a shame that health care cost has increase tremendously, yet the quality of patient care has demise drastically.
1 I've been a patient at Mountain Park Health Center for almost three years. You would think by now I would learn to expect nothing but the bare minimum from everyone related to this practice.   Where to start?  They have a sign where you can point to any language and they will get you a translator, but lord forbid you speak english and no one can understand you.  Calling in to make an appointment or reschedule one will cost you multiple phone calls, countless minutes spent on hold, and your first born child. (Okay not necessarily the last one). The shortest time I have spent on hold id 6 minutes and he longest being 17 before speaking to someone.   The receptionist staff are unprofessional and rude. I have had many of them hang up on me when they call me during my commute when I would prefer not to talk and drive. Today my conversation went as follows:   MPHC: "This is Mountain Park Health Center calling for Brianna" Me: "This is she." MPHC: "There has been a mistake and we need to reschedule your appointment for next week" Me: "Oh. Is it alright if I call you back in a bit? I am on my way to school and would prefer not to drive while on the phone." MPHC: "If that's what you feel you have to do"   -hang up-  This is not my first run in with rudeness or lack of professionalism in the office. I have called and complained to the office manager many times, with no change.   The final straw for me was when I went in to the office in January for a referral for my shoulder. I hadn't heard anything and called about it two weeks ago ( March 14) to find that they never sent my referral to the specialist. Now I have to wait up to three more weeks while living in extreme pain. The office staff didn't even offer a "I'm Sorry".  In addition to the front desk mishaps. I had the OBGYN there give me a false diagnosis, nurses not explain procedures, and test run without my knowledge.   My family is beyond done with this office and will not be returning.
