4 This store used to be scary. I'm not kidding. I would only shop there in the day time and only if I absolutely couldn't wait to go someplace else.   Not anymore!   Today, this is my regular grocery store. They've really cleaned up the store and it's parking lot, added lighting and have a ton of those self-check out lanes so I pretty much never have to wait in a line! They've also added a gas station. Also... I HEARD they take competitor coupons (including the ones from Fresh & Easy). I have yet to confirm this as I always forget the coupons I clipped at home or the office. *ugh!*  There's a Chase branch inside, which is also convenient.  I want to thank Fry's for investing in this location. It's paid off! I'm happy to be a regular shopper at the grocery store closest to home.
4 This review is for the deli, mainly just for the baked chicken breast that I enjoy throughout my work week.  I've had the baked chicken breast from other Fry's delis and it is always dry, not here though, their's is always juicy and of healthy size.
4 Close and convenient with a very helpful group of folks at the in-house branch of Chase Bank.  Good prices and a decent selection on groceries, as well.
4 We get most of our food at Fry's when we do our Big grocery shopping. For the most part their prices are good.  My family drinks almond milk and we have been buying it at Fry's for years and it is always next to the cow's milk. A few weeks ago they moved it and nobody in the store knew where it was. It literally took me an extra half hour to finally find the almond milk. The manager had to wheel a big crate out, full of almond milk.  They had it in the back the whole time, nobody had ever designated a spot for it! Now you can find your cold almond milk on isle 6 with the cheese!!!
2 This store is back to being mediocre. I wish they'd put a little more effort into lighting the parking lot, and offering to help customers out to their car. I wish their tollerance for loitering was lower. And, I wish their security guards would at least look more attentive... they seem to be spaced out or socializing. I had to call one's attention to the fact he missed an overhead head page asking him to go out to the gas station area. Neighborhood deserves better than this.  The people who work the deli counter and the cashiers are nice...
1 Sad to confirm that what other reviewers have said is true....Fry's has deteriorated markedly at this location (as well as most of the others). Management just doesn't care, the store(s) are filthy and employees are surly and indifferent. Go elsewhere....
5 Was here last night. The checker was excellent. He was giving me recipe ideas for the turkey I was purchasing. Looking forward to trying them.
