3 This place pumps out tacos as fast as Mcdonald's does hamburgers. It's a site to see if nothing else. The tacos are tasty, the salsa bar has plenty of options, and their soda fountain has a lot of choices. They let you pretty much design your own tacos from several different types of meats and salsas. I like the concept, and they execute it well.   It's not kept very clean, and you might have to clean your own table. It's always over run with kids, but if you are looking for a quick taco on the westside, it's a pretty decent bet.
5 I'm a native of  El Paso, TX, so my love of this place is by no means new.  I can remember when the only place I could get their food was in Juarez, Mexico, which is literally a hop, skip and jump away from El Paso.  My friends and I usually made a day of it; a little shopping, a "little" drinking, and a lot of tacos.  This was probably like 18 years ago.  Imagine my excitement when they opened their first restaurant in El Paso.  It was right next to the university I went to (UTEP), so as a "starving" student, I used to fill up on their cucumbers and guacamole salsa at their condiment bar.   My husband I moved to Phoenix back in 2000.  Needless to say, I really missed the food from El Taco Tote.  Holy crap!  I was ecstatic when they opened a restaurant in Tuscon.  I'm famous for saying that I'll go anywhere for food, this was certainly no exception.  A little two hour trek for DELICIOUS tacos was well worth the drive.  OK, so obviously, I just about shit my pants when they opened one in Phoenix on Camelback and 35th Ave.  I went on their grand opening week and relished in their amazing, hot off the grill, beef fajita tacos.  They have something called the "Taco Tote Pack".  It comes with two tacos of your choice and a gigantic baked potato.  I agree, that's a little weird, but that does not take away from it deliciousness.  You are seriously getting incredibly fresh ingredients, as you can even see the ladies making fresh tortillas as you wait for your food.  Where this place gets even better is at their taco-topping wonderland.  You have every conceivable salsa and topping that allows you to have your tacos "your way".    I agree with the last review by John V. that the place a bit chaotic, but I think that's part of it's charm.  So if you're in the mood for an unpretentious place, with fantastic tacos, El Taco Tote will definitely  hit the spot.
5 This place takes the cake when it comes to good food fast!  Used to come here for lunch while working in the area.  Basically order one of there combos, or create your own tacos.  Lot's of different meats to choose from.  Fresh tortillas being pressed in front of you, what more can you ask for? The salsa bar has a lot of choices.  I miss you el taco tote, haha.
4 Yes, this place has really great tacos. I was very happy they expanded to the Phoenix area. They first started in Juarez, Mexico and then El Paso.   Being an El Paso native it is nice to have some really good Mexican food from your hometown. I would give it five stars, but I don't want to be biased.
4 Yum.  My new favorite Taco Shop. Awesome salsa bar. Several people dedicated to making fresh tortillas. All sorts of beef, chicken, pork and *other* meat.
3 The locals like this place and so do I.  Tortillas made right in front of you and the menu is full of pics in case you don't know what something is.  Couple of good salsas too at the salsa bar.
3 Nothing about this place is average, but it all averages out to average.  Nice salsa bar. Good pastor, but not great. Good adobada, but not great. Self service ordering with table delivery that's a little erratic. Meal showed up first, then the margarita. It was hard to find chips to have with the salsa. It's in a old Denny's with a bright paint job added. The booths were spaced out oddly. If I sat back in my booth, I was about a meter away from my food.
4 Yum tacos.. Awesome salsa bar.. Near my campus... All things bueno..
5 Love this place!!  They make the tortillas and tortilla chips fresh in house!  I love the Pork Adobado, that is my favorite and the salsa variety is great!  They do get super busy though, that's the only downside!
5 Wow! Talk about the best meat I have ever tasted at a fast food Mexican joint. Just incredible. Carne Asada from Heaven
5 It was VERY busy, so it took awhile to even order, but it was crazy delicious! The tortillas were to die for. It was cool to watch them make them. I LOVED the rice!
4 You can smell of the sizzling fajitas from outside of the restaurant.  I have stopped by around 12PM expecting a very long line, but it wasn't as bad as I thought.  I had ordered 1 pound of top sirloin and 1 pound of beef fajitas.  I figured that might not be enough to feed 4, so added a super quesadillas.   The fajitas were juicy, savory, and accompanied with handmade tortillas.  They have a pretty impressive salsa bar.   A huge selection of flavorful salsa's range of spice levels, fresh guacamole, large jalapenos, and salted fishes.  The chips were very good, freshly made and warm.   I had waited at least 25 minutes before getting my order.  I definitly will call ahead next time.
4 So, one day my co-worker asks me if I want the other half of her breakfast burrito. Being the nice co-worker I am, I say yes. I ate the half of burrito around 10am. I was not hungry until nearly dinner time. Not only was the burrito very filling but it was delicious. Even without salsa, the burrito was seasoned very well and you can tell it was homemade versus being typical fast food. Ever since then, when I have $4 I head over for a breakfast burrito to eat for breakfast and lunch. I had their chicken enchiladas as a platter for lunch and the green salsa was so yummy. For $8 I got 3 homemade enchiladas, nachos, re-fried beans, and rice. El Taco Tote is a great place for a lunch or dinner date. It's not formal like Friday's or Carraba's but if you don't have a bunch of money but want great Mexican food, this is the place to be.
4 It's funny - I wrote a review about another location of this restaurant and wasn't too impressed, but now I come a couple times a week. I usually get the lunch special of two tacos, beans, and rice. It comes with a drink and is a good price. They have the bar with various sauces and fixin's. I like the green and the brown salsas the most. I have had the chicken enchiladas, the potato, and the nachos (not the small nachos, the pachos). All are good. The tacos and enchiladas come plain and you dress them up yourself on the bar.   Pick up the free chips at the counter. This is one of my two most regular lunch time establishments. If you go at lunch around 12:30 it has been known to be packed. I try to get there at 12 and there are a few people in line, but not as bad.
3 I've had better tacos at street stands. But service and ambient was good.
4 This is what Carne Asada is supposed to taste like.  The meat is so flavorful you can it by itself, with no salsa or toppings.  The little tacos are really tasty and the salsa bar is pretty great too.  If you order the full size tacos then you get freshly made tortillas.  That is a sign of a serious taco shop.  The food is not cheap but they make up for it with big portions and free chips.
2 I will say that the Carne Asada is very good here but after that I am not a fan of El Taco Tote.  This is not to say that they are a bad restaurant.  I just don't like their food.  I will say that this location is always packed so they must be doing something right but as far as I am concerned.  Meh.  I've experienced better.
4 Tacos! Tacos! They're not just for Tuesday!!!  I had been looking for a place like this for a very long time.  Growing up in Las Cruces, NM, we'd frequent El Taco Tote in El Paso whenever we had to go to the airport.  Now...there is one here in Phoenix!  Delicious carne asada tacos and the BEST baked potatoes EVERRR!!  Plentiful salsa bar with all the fixings: cilantro, pickled onions, jalapeños, and all the salsa variety you could ask for.    Make sure you stop by!
2 Don't trust the 3-star or better reviews.... they probably got some local "stuff" in their food.  El Taco Tote is nothing short of being overpriced per the quality.  Perhaps that's because people go there to get free chips and fixings from the salsa bar.  I don't blame them though- I'd probably do the same if I were short on cash.    Anyways, paying customers dish out around $8-10 per plate.  I tried the "Quatro Tacos" (yes, that's "4 tacos" in ingles) during my first visit.  It tasted decent, but was not filling and of the quality that I expect considering that I could go somewhere like Sweet Tomatoes and get a better overall experience.  So, if one were to use inductive logic, I'd say there are probably better options out there.  Keep searching!  I can't put my stamp of approval on El Taco Expensivo!
2 Picture your average ----berto's but with a beer and a salsa bar.  No scratch that, at least those places put some effort into your food. Got the biggest burrito they had "huge burrito? Buritto Tote? Something like that. Just barely warm. Adobado had decent flavoring but was masked by ample lettuce and cold, shredded cheddar. Recommended red salsa tasted like paprika and liquid smoke.  They have some groovy options here, no doubt. Their tortillas are obviously above average, but what goes inside of them is disappointing. If you have the patience to find out what does and doesn't work in lieu of a dozen options nearby, get at me and I'll reconsider.
1 This place is in the neighborhood and I wondered about it. I never thought I would go in a million years. I stopped by tonight because I just missed Subway's door closing. Granted, I did not order much and maybe 10pm on a Sunday night of a holiday weekend was not the best time for them. All I can say is, "Yuk!" The place was disgustingly dirty.      The Chicken Quesadilla and Pineapple Empanada that I received were beyond disgusting. (and I rarely say that about food) The Quesadilla had hardly no cheese on it or maybe none at all. I opened it up to look at it thinking they gave me the wrong order because it did not even look like a Quesadilla. It was very thick and lumpy. Not cooked enough maybe? The Empanada tasted more like a week old donut. It was hard, and stale.      The Salsa Bar was like a Pollo Asada. It had a lot of variety but it was so dirty. Also, none of the sauces had anything special going for them. They did not have any flavor or consistency. One was like water. Ewhhh! I guess people rave about their Carne Asada but I will stick to Gallo Blanco.     I hope I don't get food poisoning. I have to say something positive so I will say the girl who was working the counter was very friendly.
5 Plenty of choices in meat and salsas. They have barbacoa like that of chihuhua, mexico. One of the only places I know. Delicious!   You can see them cooking up the meet from where you order and they have a place facing the dining area where someone is making the tortillas fresh. How awesome.  The have tostadas to snack on, and plenty of salsa to choose from their Salsa and Toppings Bar.   they give you a number and then they bring your meal to your table.  I go there for the tacos, but they also have enchiladas, burritos, flan, rice, beans (refried and ranchero), and so much more.  Highly recommend!  Casual Dinning.
5 I find myself making excuses to go down to Grand Canyon University (my son goes there) so that we can dine at El Taco Tote. It is a rare find: clean, efficient place serving authentic Mexican dishes. We took our houseguest from Ensenada and he agreed.  The Borcheta is my favorite, consisting of diced grilled steak, bacon, onions and peppers, served on a sizzling skillet. I smother it with some of the excellent salsas from the salsa bar and eat with the flour tortillas made right in front of my eyes.  We've tried many of the dishes on the menu and haven't had anything we wouldn't order again.
4 If a place's title has to say they are 'real', then that's always a red flag for me but boy was that thought easily changed for me. Friends parents come here twice a month so decided to check it out.  They had me at HANDMADE TORTILLAS!! Drool...  We went the route of ordering the meat by the pound which includes 10 tortillas. We got pork adobado and corn tortillas. Then add on the sides and condiments you want...rice beans guacamole. The meat comes to your table on a sizzling plate. Yum!  The tortillas that came with were no small soft taco ones. They were a good size. You could make a small burrito. Although they were a bit soft for my liking (I prefer them denser), they held up well considering how much meat, beans, etc we piled into it. They didn't fall apart like many street tacos do that aren't cooked right.   Yes, salsa bar is great. I love that they have cilantro and onions separate. They even have cucumber slices!    Highly recommend. Now I see why the parents come here as often as they can.
5 I came from el paso, and this place reminds me of home. The barbacoa is as i know it, and its delicious! I love it. A little out of my way, but well worth it.
5 A neighbor of mine had been telling me about this place.  We live about 45min away.  I was in the area and stopped in for lunch.  I'm a sucker for street tacos.  It is the first thing I seek out when in Mexico or any hole in the wall.   This place was awesome! Tortillas were being made next to me while I ordered the daily special 3 tacos.  I had the Cana Asada.  The meat was lean and had great flavor.  The Salsa bar was the best I have seen.  Drink selection was great! The help your self warm chips were fantastic. Big Fan!  I will be back
3 El Taco Tote 35th Ave & Camelback Cost: $3.5 Service: 1 of 5, I couldn't understand the order person, took me 4 minutes to order a beer while one of the staff just looked at me. Actually gave us the wrong tacos. Presentation: 4 of 5, can put on your own toppings, and some of the tacos are big, and some are small, we couldn't tell the difference in how to order the big ones since we got the wrong ones on 2 of 3 orders.  Taste: 5 of 5, great taste and fresh. If the service wasn't bad I'd go back.
1 Worst customer service ever!  Trying to redeem the check in deal was told that the special is expired and it's no good, when I just ordered $40 worth of food Togo.  The cashier was rude so was the manager..  Never coming back.
5 I've been to this place my whole life living here and it never gets old ... By far the best tacos ... I'm continue to take my kids here
1 Went in there to check it out being a nacho connoisseur.  I was severely disappointed.  For the price paid the good delivered, it was awful.  You can drive a little down the road, not much to Pepe Taco Villa or the Sun Up and get way better chicken nacho's.  And Sun Up has 5 dollar happy hour all day on Sunday for their drinks and food.
4 Was not bad. I was actually surprised. Menudo was really good and spicy. Their nachos were made for white people, chips smothered with nacho cheese/guac/refried beans topped with meat.  Their sauce station was on point, loved the pico de gallo and guac sauce.  When I come back for work I wouldn't mind going here again.
4 Had my dads Bday here T El Taco Tote.....it was great food.....first time here. Tortillas were hand made n in front of everyone....corn n flour....meats were tender n juicy. All in all dad loved it and walked out like Al Bundy with belt unbuckled n han in pants.....lmao!!!
5 Love the fresh, hot tortillas steaming off your plate, generous portions of carne asada, and the awesome salsa bar.
