4 This is a fun little boutique on the main strip of the DC Ranch.  There are a lot of fun dresses and nice tops.  It is well stocked with great designers such as Tibi, Alice and Olivia and Milly.  Unfortunately they did not have the exact Alice and Olivia and Milly dresses I was looking for.  I will definitely stop back in to see what new pieces they get in.
3 After hitting up Croll Blue, I stopped in here. I was a little annoyed because I had to wait (there was a "be back soon" sign on the door, which was adorable, but irritating). But, you know, it's Wednesday afternoon and there's only one girl working. Fine. Then, upon entering, she really was not very warm or welcoming. I feel that every store should treat each guest that walks through their doors as though they can afford to buy the entire place. She basically acted like I was not there, as she was busy steaming a dress. They carry some great brands (Tibi, Milly, Poleci) and have some fun clothes....however, it is all on the pricier end. Some of the tops were $250 or so, which is a bit much for a tank top even if you are made of money. I found the selection a bit scattered...some of it was either way too trendy or just a little odd - the kind of clothes that you hesitate to spend money on because they aren't staples and are going to look absurd in 3 months. However, the brands are solid and the selection is vast (and they have Hanky Pankies - woo hoo)....so I will likely stop in again. However, I will always go to Croll Blue first.
5 This is a great boutique in North Scottsdale.  Ruby has such cute dresses to go out in and is a little jewel box inside of this shopping center.  As the two other reviews said they carry great brands like the established Tibi or even new brands.  One  that I saw and loved from Phoenix Fashion Week was Smoke & Mirrors Clothing from Los Angeles.  Ruby carries a lot of what I saw and loved on the runway.  Ruby is always getting new stuff in so it's a great place to check in with anytime you need a dress or a kick start to your newest fashion routine. Two thumbs up!
4 My friend and I were just window shopping while waiting for a table at RA Sushi.  A hot read jump suit caught my eyes so I had to try it on.  Okay, so it looks better on a hanger than on me.  However, I found bunch of cute stuff.  The sales girl was super cool and nice.  When my friend was waiting for me looking bored, she offered her/us a glass of wine.  What a cute little Boutique and they had both reasonable & pricey stuff.  Walked out with two dresses. I'll for sure stop by Ruby next time I'm in Scottsdale.
4 So many stores seem to buy from the same vendors or have the same identical look.  When I shop at a boutique, I hope that I find unique clothing items, but in Scottsdale that can be difficult.....except if you shop at Ruby Boutique.  Here, you'll find one-of-a kind dresses and tops primarily.  Each piece seems to have a touch of "Lisa" (the store's owner) in its design.  Some outfits would never work for me, but I can imagine they would all look fabulous on her!  My college-age daughter can always find quality dresses at Ruby at decent prices and they have great sales, too.  Ruby Boutique is located in Kierland Commons next to the book store and across form North restaurant. The sales staff has always helped me tremendously, too.
5 This is a fabulous boutique in Scottsdale with equally great service! If you are looking for one of a kind pieces, this IS the boutique to go to. I live an hour away and it's definitely worth the trip!
4 Looks like Ruby Boutique has closed it's doors at the Kierland location.  I would really love to hear if Lisa (Owner) plans to open elsewhere or if she's stopped completely.  Anyone?!
