1 BEWARE Anyone looking to hire a moving company...DO NOT HIRE THIS COMPANY!!!  Not only did we have a bad experience with one moving company Oscar Movers but MOVERS OF THE VALLEY took the cake!   These movers showed up to save the day after our first experience with a mover and made things worse! They showed up almost 4 hours late due to being late I was told that I would be getting 3 movers rather... than 2. Finally there were 3 men (and a very pregnant woman) that arrived. Majority of the time there was only one man working very hard while the others were sitting in the truck "because they werent feeling well", Im pretty sure they were on drugs of some kind. By 11pm on Sunday Evening they hardly had anything loaded in the truck but had the beds broken down and some pieces already loaded in the truck. They suggested that they quit and send a new crew in the morning. After all that we had already been through the night before, we were not accepting them putting some pieces of furniture back in the house. (Tristan is sleeping curled up sleeping on an ottoman with blankents piled on top of him to stay warm because the door was wide open from them in and out of the house) This would have meant that they would have left in the trucks with the rest of the furniture. Finally they got in gear and got all the furniture loaded....and nothing more that I was needing them to take. They followed us the long 3 minutes to the new house and sat there not moving. When I went to the truck to see what the hold up was they insisted that they were over their DOT regulations (they drove 3 minutes from one house to the next and the driver that was insisting this was sleeping in the truck the entire night) They told us that they were putting a pad lock on the truck and going to sleep for 8 hours. He suggested that we needed to go inside our house and sleep on the floor. Leaving us with an empty house no beds, no clothes NOTHING....but an empty house! Dan then approached the same man and told him that he had all of our stuff in his truck and was responded to with "and thats where its gonna stay. The man went back to the truck where majority of my stuff was not even strapped down because they were only driving it 3 min down the road, AND SPED AWAY LEAVING !!!!!!!!! Instantly my mind was playing back with all the comments about how nice our furniture was! The second truck that they had there which had only our couches and few other small items (who knows why they had 2 trucks) pulled away from the house and parked around the corner. We had to call the sherriffs Dept out and he had to put out an alert for the moving truck. When he approched the other man in the other truck he discovered that he had a suspended drivers lisence and the only form of ID he had was from Department of Corrections. (If he would have been pulled over while driving with my property the truck would have been impounded for 30 days) The Sherriff contacted the supervisor of the company and advised that if the drivers did not arrive back with our property there would be a theft report filed. They arrived back and parked the truck forcing us to spend our first night in our new home on the Floor! When Morning came around they refused to give us any of our stuff until we paid them $850 for 10 hours at $75.00 an hour because the "shaved off 2 hours" from what should have been 12 hours. (If you havent caught it yet $75.00 x 10 is still not $850.00) The guy was literally trying to count on his fingers to add up the total. I paid them half in cash and half on my debit card this was the only way they would give me my stuff. The finally gave me all my stuff back with damage of course. I will more than likely never see anything in return for all of this but I am going to make every attempt to put this company out of business!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 Do not use this company, even if they quote you less than the others on the phone. They are dishonest, they lie and cheat you. The job is done poorly, they are slow and charge by the hour. I had all my belongings stuffed in things and turned upside down. The language barrier made it impossible to communicate my needs. They showed up unprepared, in spite of 2 phone calls to remind them of my needs. When they showed up on moving day, without boxes, I was told to "take a deep breath and go get my own boxes and paper and they would reimburse me." I found them very condescending.  In the end they refused to reimburse me. Tony (owner) talked about "that is just how it is in the transportation business." A 4 hour job took this company 9 hours to complete (did I mention they charge by the hour.) You would be better off just packing and moving yourself!
1 Worst moving company of the Valley ! Driver Mike dressed like a slob movers wearing pants with @ss hanging out.  Very unprofessional. Better off getting a few guys from Home Depot and a Uhaul.  Will definitely NEVER use this company again. Worst Service Ever ! I didn't even wanna give them 1 star. Mover BEWARE !
1 DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY! They are not accredited by the BBB (Better Business Bureau) and have an F rating with multiple complaints.  http://www.bbb.org/central-northern-western-arizona/business-reviews/movers/movers-of-the-valley-in-mesa-az-86000002  http://www.yelp.com/biz/movers-of-the-valley-mesa?fsid=iQaYGs0Mp-nkJ1VVmsUj5w  http://www.ripoffreport.com/r/movers-of-the-valley-emmett-morris-tony/mesa-arizona-85210/movers-of-the-valley-rip-off-telemarketers-invade-privacy-after-asking-them-to-remove-us-7411
