5 Great dental practice! The administrative staff was very helpful in getting my appointments set up and called me to remind me of my appointments.  The operatory staff was courteous and remember me every time, asking about my family and school. Very professional and quick, all of my appointments start on time and finish quickly.  I had my lumineers done by Dr. Jones and they truly look fabulous. Very natural looking with a good white tone but not overly bleached looking. I would highly recommend them for any work you need.
5 I've been going here for several years and have had great experiences every visit. I've never had issues with anything, period. They always give me a friendly call to remind me about my appointments, and are not pushy when I've had to reschedule...multiple times. Everyone of their staff members has been very nice and put me at ease with my cleanings and surgery.   My hygenist last visit was very personable and comforting, and Dr. Jones has always been nice during my interactions with him. All in all I'm glad I randomly picked this office a few years back. I'll continue to give them my business. If you're not a fan of your current dental provider, I highly recommend looking into this office.
5 I have been so happy with this place. We have gone to other dentists and they have tried to ripped us off. One dentist told me that my 8 year old needed 4 crowns and that her teeth were totally messed up. I was shocked because we had just moved to AZ six months before that and her other dentist never said anything about these problems. How could her teeth deteriorate that much in 6 months. We found San Tan Smiles through a friend and we have been so pleased. Dr. Jones was able to fix my daughter's teeth without any type of sedation with this awesome drill he has. Plus, it was under $200 unlike the thousands of dollars that the other dentist wanted to charge me. Most of the cavities my kids have had have been easy to fix with their equipment. No shots, no gas, no pain. It is wonderful! I totally recommend this dentist to anyone!
