4 I LOVED this gym and have had trouble trying to find a gym up to the standards of this gym. I'm originally from California so I came into this gym with absolutely NO biases and was very pleasantly surprised. The only reason why I give this place 4 stars is because they forgot to give me a tour when I arrived for my first workout because I declined the tour when I first signed up. Here's what I think:  1.) The equipment it well taken care. I've gone in mornings, afternoons, and nights, and I always see custodial staff cleaning the machines, vacuuming, and cleaning the locker rooms. I also LOVE the fact that the people who attend this gym clean the equipment after they use it. WIN!  2.) The staff is super nice. Maybe it's because most of the staff are men and I'm a female, but they always start a conversation when I enter and leave.   3.) I attended this gym for 5mos, always used the lockers and never used a lock. I know that's but I'm a creature of habit =/ During that time, my stuff had never been touched or stolen! I think that says something about the community there.  4.) I never used the sauna or pool, but they looked clean. The showers and bathrooms are clean.   Had I gotten a tour, their rating would be a 5 for me! Check out Farenheit Tanning and the nutrition store next door. They're amazing too! And, don't be tempted to visit the starbucks and In n Out after a workout like I did a couple times! Woops =)
2 Just joined, customer service is just OK. Facility is clean and very busy at peak times. Was told my membership included "towel service" but the girl at the front counter looked at me like I had three heads when I asked for one. She said they hadn't provided towels ever since she had worked there?? Racquetball was also listed as included in membership fees, but I had to pay extra to play in their racquetball "league".
4 This was my first visit to a LA Fitness and I was quite impressed by this facility. It's the nicest, most spacious, well equipped gym I have been to. I may have to check out the one in East Tucson now.
4 Great place to workout. Staff is friendly. Step aerobics class with Jennifer is awesome. Lots of cardio machines to use even at their busiest times.
1 This gym has a problem OPENING on the weekend. I went for an early workout this past Sunday 8/18/13 and was standing outside with about 80 other members waiting to get inside.  I was chatting with other members and they said this was the THIRD time this has happened.  I inquired with management yesterday and they were really ARROGANT and did not apologize for the inconvenience.  This gym has SMELLY nasty carpet  especially in front of the guys locker room.  They have a decent number of machines but  their equipment is OUTDATED. I'm heading to 24 hr fitness to check them out.
1 I want to warn everyone to read the reviews about this gym due to attitude and amount of professionalism that is lacking in this particular establishment. Be aware of the start up fees, everyone knows that La Fitness can waive the start up fee so that's not anything special. But that's not the problem at hand, it's more about the verbal attitude that I received from LA Fitness's chosen GM of Sales John.  He actually made the comment that if I cant afford his gym then cancel, which wasn't the issue in the first place. However, I did cancel the membership but to go to a more expensive and nicer gym such as Lifetime Fitness. So John  Lifetime fitness thanks you for your awful service and they ask for me to make sure you keep it up because it makes their much nicer equipment, 5 times better locker room, they offer towels, private showers,  all the swimming pools, more classes, smells better, and a little bit higher gym fee and longer drive worth it.
1 Read the Reviews!!! I feel totally scammed by this place.  I have never written a negative review on any business, but they are liars and have the worst customer service once they have your money.   I wasn't ready to enroll because I was having back pain and didn't know how long it would last, but JUSTIN talked to JOHN HOLMES the GM there and they said they would give me a 10 day no obligation trial.  After 6 days I still had the pain and my husband injured his food so I decided I better cancel and try again when we can actually get in there.  Unfortunately JOHN MALCOVE (another manager) was insistant that there's no such thing as a 10 day trial, only a 3 or 7 day trial.  Talked to member services and after a week of research they said they have to take their word against mine.  So I'm out not only the $50 enrollment, but first and last month fee for both my husband and I.  Almost $200 for nothing!  Thanks LA fitness.
4 We joined recently and like the facility. They pride themselves on their cleanliness and it really is always clean. There are lots of classes, the equipment is in great working order, and I never have to wait for anything even at the busy time of day. One thing to note,  do not accept the 'free training session' unless you want a high pressure sales pitch when it's over.
