5 I have been here about 5 times, on Wing Tuesday.  I give five stars mainly because of the wings.  From Buffalo Wild Wings, to Hooter's, to any other wing place I've grubbed at, Native New Yorker kills them all.  They may not have as extensive list of flavors as Buffalo's, but the quality is far above.  Their wings are breaded, which is my favorite kind, and every wing that I've ever placed in my mouth from there has been juicy and perfectly cooked.  No dry bones, no undercooked drummies, no 'bottom of the bin' batches.   The asiago wings are something on a whole different level of chicken wing.  I usually order about a dozen of these, and then another dozen broken down into the other various flavors they have. The service each time I have been there was awesome.  Twice, our server waived the 'gotta buy a drink to get the discount' thing.  It usual takes a while for our orders to get ready because there is usually so many of us, but no one's food has ever been cold.  We get prompt refills, napkins, extra sauce or whatever else we request.  Friendly.   The atmosphere is great to me.  There are so many HD tvs around that you can see something of interest no matter where you're sitting.  I even requested that the channel be changed to a different game once, and they did it right away and with a smile. I love this place, and would go there even if it wasn't 'Wing Tuesday'.  It is a wing lover's paradise.
3 Wings in Buffalo aren't usually breaded. I can't stand breaded Buffalo wings. The sauces were good, I can't deal with the breading. The redeemer for this place is that they serve Roast Beef on Kimmelweck. I did not try it, I am sure it was decent though.
1 Not impressed at all ! Food was marginal at best. I had a patty melt that was dry and flavorless, very few onions and barely any cheese. My wife had a similar experience with her hamburger. Service was average. Had an appetizer, Artichoke dip that was not memorable. Not worth a 2nd trip.
4 Just under .40 Cents per wing, Tues-Thursadays with a drink! wow what a deal.  A nice excuse to hang out with friends to enjoy great finger food.  I also like the different layouts of the many locations.  I'm not a big yelper of chains but heres another one that is worth the typing.    These guys also claim that they were the first to bring Award winning Buffalo wings to Arizona, the website states it, so it must be true.  Enjoy,  Kevin
5 There are many different locations, and some are better than others,  but still good just the same.  The layout is both dining and bar friendly, and some have outdoor patios for smoking and such.  Great place to watch a game, play trivia, or hang with friends. Friendly staff,  fast service (even at their busiest)  I think NNY has the best wings and sauces period.  Great beer selection,  great menu selection,  and I have never had a bad anything at NNY.  The food here is what every bar and grill should strive for.
