3 Stopped by to try the new Grilled Chicken Salad Sandwich it was good however the drive thru speaker needs to be updated because the guy taking me order could not hear me and I had to yell (not good). I have also had the Fish Fillet sandwich here and it was good too; it has been years since I had one of their beef sandwiches and I don't think I can eat one now that I know what a good Roast Beef sandwich taste like. But their Market Place options are quite tasty give them a try.
4 So let's see....I know Arby's is known for it's world Famous ROAST BEEF.....however I want to talk turkey.....that's right TURKEY.....LOL. The Grand Turkey Club.....and Turkey n Cheddar Classics are in a word AWESOME!!!!! However....and not to offend you Roast Beef lovers.....The Arby's Market Fresh Turkey Cheddar and Ranch Sandwich may simple be the best Sandwich of it's kind in all of AZ. So if your brave Roast Beef fans....I DARE YOU to try Arby's Turkey and Market Fresh offerings and by all means Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3 It's a fast food joint, that being said everything here went off without a hitch. They even brought our order to us at the table.  That's something I've never seen done by this chain.  I hope they keep up the good work.
3 I don't make it a habit to review fast food joints, but this one deserves a special shout-out.  The food I ordered was irrelevant as it should be the same at every Arby's on the planet.  The only thing that can differentiate these places is the service.  This place rocked the service.  I was out buying Valentine's day gifts for my sweetie, and I decided to just grab a quick bite.  In PV mall there is Wendy's and an Arby's that share parking lots.  I pulled into Wendy's first.  I'm not a drive-through kinda guy, I like to speak to people face-to-face.  Wendy's didn't work out - you can read my review on their service here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/wendys-phoenix-13?hrid=HGn1nbZxhvKwzVN-kewRIQ  So, instead, I switched to Arby's.  I was greeted promptly and appropriately, my order was taken and delivered quickly and with a smile/thank you.  That is what can differentiate a visit to a place like this.  Clearly the management takes customer service seriously, and that is what you will get here - good customer service along with the standard product offering.
