3 You can always find a "deal" here. I like shopping the clearance racks to see what crazy deal I can score.... I HATE shopping retail! Yea I am cheap.  Drives me nuts that almost ALL clothes are manufactured in the same factories in Cambodia, Vietnam, and China. Same labor costs... you are just usually paying for a flashy showroom and a name.  Most of this stuff will end up a a Ross or Marshall's near you anyway... so I wait. And I save a few bucks... and I still look good!  :)  At Ross you are pretty much on your own in regards to "service"... the trade off for cheap prices.  One thing that bugged me on a recent trip was that a pair of shoes I was really considering looked well used upon close inspection... I didn't think they sold used items.  One thing I do like looking for is kitchen items! They have Kitchen Aid utensils for cheap... and they are decent quality!  Anyway... I am a regular here.
4 Another great Ross store in Scottsdale.  So far, the ones I've been to are really clean, organized, and have plenty of stuff in my size!  I recently found two pairs of dress slacks that fit really well and were priced just right.  I also found several dress shirts in my size too. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9m6BLo4SxhviecKSuTpQRA?select=ro6O6jATtRxCkvlJ17zAvg  Awesome shopping trip.  Will definitely be back.  Return Factor - 90%
5 My wife loves this store. She stops by a couple of times a week after work to check out what's new. She goes there so much that she's on a first name basis with the Manager and most of the cashiers.  I have been there many times as well. They have men's and women's clothing, shoes and home nick-nacks and other miscellaneous items.  It sure beats going to the Macy's of the world. Why pay $40 bucks for an outfit when you can pay $8 at Ross for a comparable item. Ross buys merchandise later in the merchandising season in order to capitalize on manufacturer close out sales so they could sell the item for less than a typical retailer.
3 Pretty picked clean for dudes right now.
3 Ross is always hit or miss for me. I love finding great deals and it's always a treasure hunt. Unfortunately, I don't always find treasure. Sometimes I leave empty handed and while my pocketbook thanks me, I'm always a little disappointed. Luckily, this Ross is decently sized and usually has some good items. I've gotten a few good shirts and shoes here. I wouldn't recommend coming during lunch time as the few times I've been it's always a madhouse and there aren't enough employees to handle the check outs. The last time I came at night and it was much better. Less customers so the checkout was easy breezy. If you are looking for something specific, Ross probably isn't your place. But if you want something unique and hard-earned, Ross is your place.
3 This Ross store was clean and organized, but definitely didn't have the size and options that the one on Dunlap has to offer.  The staff was friendly and got through the lines quickly.    Ross is a great place to get seasonal decor for pretty inexpensive - so I recommend getting some of the Thanksgiving / Christmas stuff now before all the really good items are gone - they don't get tons and tons in stock, so you'll want to snatch it up if you see it, cause most likely it won't be there the next time you go (lessons learned personally).  Overall: B+ Not as many options as other Ross locations, but it's clean, organized, and has friendly staff.
