2 The produce at this store is always very very nice and reasonably priced.  There is a very disagreeable smell in the meat department so I don't buy anything from the meat or fish department.  The pet supply area has a good selection.  The frozen food selection is very small.  The video department has been replaced by a machine; kinda cool.  The bakery is a bit of an afterthought.  What a shame.  The store at 75th and Cactus (which they closed) was much better.
1 At one time, Albertson's in Peoria, AZ had friendly employees and rarely a line.  Now that they've redesigned the store, fewer checkouts are open resulting in longer lines, and some of the employees are downright smug, rude and unfriendly.  I am convinced an older cashier in particular is bi-polar.  some days she's friendly and other days she's a total sourpuss.  My major complaint which I recently brought to the manager's attention is that the deli section is filthy!  I have frequently asked the deli workers to please clean off the machines before slicing my cold cuts.  today, as usual, the slicing machines had debris from previously sliced meat and was swarming with flies!  Several pieces of provolone cheese littered the cheese slicer.  I shudder to think those slices will end up in a sandwich an unsuspecting customer will consume. I will buy my cold cuts at Fry's and Bashas' from now on.    As for produce, they don't carry many organic items and most of their berries are moldy.  I'll stick to Sprouts for my produce as well.   Overall, Albertson's has declined significantly since its overhaul.
4 This location is pretty well maintained and easily accessible. There is a decent selection of everything from fresh veggies and meats to pet supplies and your everyday household and beauty supplies. There is also a selection of wine, beer and liquor.   The bakery department doesn't have a huge selection of goodies but what they do have showcased is absolutely delicious. I don't buy my veggies anywhere else but here. They are fresh and last a long time. I've ordered some steaks from the meat department and am very impressed by their selections. Even the deli has some awesome sandwich meats and cheeses my hubby and I love!  The workers that I have encountered have been helpful and nice for the most part but I have come across some cashiers that just seem like they don't care and will not smile.    We really love that we can easily go across the street and pick up things when we need them.
3 This Albertsons is alright. There's always a cashier with jet black hair who literally looks like she's dying a little more with every customer she sees, but besides that it's a fine grocery store.
