5 The pizza is great, menu says Chicago style.  They use plenty of cheese and the crust is perfectly thick and fluffy.  The italian sausage is chunky and flavorful.  The chicken wings are also great, they use Frank's Red Hot sauce.  Lunch is a great deal with two slices and a drink for $5, they also offer salads for lunch, although I've never partaken.  The only drawback is is the cramped strip mall feel of the restaurant.  However, I love eating their pizza, when I'm not on a health kick.
3 not much to say about there pizza. its just ok. There is way to many places making pizza like this and i dont understand how they are still in business. cheap? i guess
3 Can't see how this is Chicago style.  It's just what others call "double dough" and rather puffy, but certainly not stuffed deep dish pizza.  It's more like a Papa John's crust but a little thicker.  Staff at counter didn't seem too bright, and seemed annoyed that I wanted the change from my $20.
5 Best pizza and wings by far....been eating hear for years thought it was time to write a rewiew
2 Love Barros pizza but the customer service from this location was terrible. I've been in the restaurant industry for years and never have I felt an "unwanted" vibe. I ordered one of the lunch specials 2 orders #4 pizza, side salad, and a drink for $4.74 (good value) + 12 traditional hot wings... when i finished my small salad I felt like having some more salad and when i was putting some salad onto my plate the waiter/cashier tells me "the salads are only one time your going to have to pay $3.75 for that salad" my reaction was well I'm going to put the salad back! But instead of arguing to the reasons I was not going to pay I just paid the $3.75 for the small salad.   It was my mistake for nothing asking I figure but shouldn't they have some sort of sign indicating "don't be a fat ass" only one serving on the salads - thanks management.
4 Decent inexpensive pizza in my neighborhood. $14.00 for a large pepperoni and they have a pretty tasty dough. Specials are like large 1 topping pizza with 24 wings for $22.00.
5 Check out my blog review and photos:  http://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/29101828753/
1 I got both traditional and boneless wings. The sauce is about as generic as I've had.  Boneless wings had some of the toughest chicken breast I've ever eaten.
5 My boyfriend's mom ordered some Barro's Pizza for us one time, and I ordered again at our place. It pretty much tastes like Jet's Pizza from back home, and I love it. Lots of cheese and the crust is nice and soft. The prices are very reasonable too--there is always specials and coupons floating around.
2 Kind of disappointed with this location (Lake Pleasant is better all the way around). First time at this one and probably won't be back.  The girl at the counter was friendly enough. I put in an order for a medium pizza and boneless wings, the wings came out pretty quickly but weren't all that tasty. While I was eating a few of the wings I heard the kitchen bell ring but didn't pay much attention figuring it was someone else's order as there was one other family in the dining room.  I noticed there were no staff going to the pickup window and there was a pizza sitting there.  Mind you, there were at least four staff members working that I could see. After about 10 minutes, the pizza was still sitting in the window. I decided to go up to the window and ask if it was mine but, I didn't see anyone there to ask. Looking at the pizza, I knew it was mine because it was a 1/2 & 1/2 pizza so I grabbed it myself. Needless to say, it wasn't piping hot. :(  None of the staff even seemed to notice that I had to pick my own dinner up from the kitchen window.  Also, there was almost NO sauce on our pizza, big disappointment.  Glad I only put a quarter in the tip jar.
5 Bigger and cleaner then I remembered. They must have expanded.   The lunch special was perfect 2 slices and a drink for 5 bucks or so.   The staff was nice and quick too.
4 So, a bunch of guys from work and I went to go check this place out for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised. The service was good and the lady at the counter was friendly.   I had the Italian Sub and a drink, which was about average price ($8 and change). The sub was above average but I regretted  not getting the 2 slices of pizza and salad. Their salad bar looked good and for $6 and change, they got that deal with a drink. If you are going here for lunch, I would have to recommend going that route.   No one in our group had any real complaints and the meet lovers pizza looked fantastic. I know I will go back just to give that a try.
5 yum!!! seconding it reminding me of Jet's pizza from back home in Mich. really really good - and such a difference from the crap pizza we got used to in Boston.
