4 These guys are great.  They are pretty expensive if you don't use the online or mass mailing coupons, and even then, sometimes I shake my head and wonder how I just paid $40 for a handful of clothes.  I go back because in 2+ years i've never had a problem with lost or damaged clothes.  The staff changes everytime I go in there, but they are always helpful and courteous.   Also, they are open Sunday.  That is the difference between 3 & 4 stars.
1 We have been using Delia's Cleaners now for nearly three years and for the most part found the experience to be very good.    Yes, like most cleaners they goof from time to time (like sometimes killing the button-downs on my dress shirts).  But, here's the difference -- they'll fix them for no charge.  Yep.  Just ask, the staff is very helpful!
1 Will never go back - first they ruin a St. John suit even after We clearly discussed how it needed to be done, and they said they were accustomed to St. John. Secondly- they promised a gift certificate for all the inconvenience and never sent it. I asked for a linen suit to be washed and sized lightly and they dry cleaned it instead.
5 Never ever had a problem (knock on wood) and I have used many different drycleaning services all over town. I've been to some places that have trashed party dresses and lost things and not compensated properly. I had my silk wedding dress cleaned at Prestige, they claim that they can take any stain out if they know what it was from but they are too pricey, request additional pay for a redo if they missed a stain, and don't have the convenient hours that Delia's has. Delia's workers are very nice and Anthony is an exceptional employee (no I'm not related to him or know him personally) he is professional, smart about the business and very helpful.
1 Okay, I've been holding back on this one.  For three years I have been coming here dropping off my collared work shirts. Over that time, the wheels have started falling off this place  In my original review, I mentioned how management tries hard and when they goof, they try and fix it.  Let me give you two examples.  After writing my original review, four of my shirts started developing tiny holes on the back collar.  Pin size, all in the same place, right rear.  After a few cleanings, the holes became pencil size.  Well, I complained and was given a nearly two hundred dollar credit for the damage. They didn't replace the shirts. But I felt at the time an effort had been made to reach out and make amends.  Hence, my original Three Stars (now lowered to One).  A year later, after I replaced the shirts, my new ones started developing stress tears on the breast pockets. I thought, what the...#$&%!  So I pointed it out and they said I must be doing something to the pockets to cause the rip.   They offered me a $85 credit toward future cleaning after damaging five shirts!!  I took the credit and decided to move on.  Not surprisingly, many of my co-worked have experienced similar problems. I feel for fellow Yelp friend Esther.  If they had damaged one of my suit...  well  Caveat emptor.  I say never again!
4 Just your neighborhood strip mall dry cleaner, I am a fan of the convenient location and the amazing coupons of 40% off that I can use regularly.  I think they might be a bit higher priced than other cleaners but their convenience is worth it for me and they haven't ruined any article of clothing yet, which kind of helps as other places never fail to do so.
5 They have great prices, and are quick and do the job well. I just got our comforter cleaned, they did a great job removing all the stains and getting it to look like new, all for under $20! Plus they have a super quick turn around, if I knew that it was that easy to get our blankets dry cleaned I would have done it a lot sooner
1 Friendly staff and great prices, but you get what you pay for. TERRIBLE quality with their dry cleaning and wet wash. The company they contract out to pays ZERO attention to special instructions. After months of error after error, I think it's time to find a new cleaner. SO DISAPPOINTED.
