1 Rude Owners and dirty unsanitary.. Would not return
1 I was visiting a friend today in Gilbert and we decided to get a pedicure and went here because it is where she usually goes.  While the place is nice it is a bit more expensive than other places.  Once thing I did not like is that the technician was rushing through the service and was more interested in what was going on throughout the shop instead of focusing on doing a good and thorough job.  Additionally, they are quite dirty and from what I saw, do not sanitize.  After the lady in the pedi chair next to me left, they did not clean or sanitize the bowl.  They refilled it, put blue salt crystals in the water and loaded in the next client.  I also suspect their utensils are dirty as the nail file she used on me was quite worn and was streaked with polish stains.  Also, the heal file was pulled out of a drawer and put back in there when she finished scrubbing my heals.  I did get my brows waxed and witnessed the technician "double dipping" in the wax pot with the stick she used on me.  So, my conclusion is that this is a common practice. A warm wax pot with multiple dippings from various clients is a breeding ground for bacteria.  And don't even get me started thinking what else people may have had waxed and where that dipping stick has been.  This place is gross and should be closed down.  If I have any influence, I will suggest that my friend gets her pedis elsewhere.
1 This is a DISHONEST establishment. They do NOT post a price list and it changes each time you visit. I asked -specifically- for the exact thing I got the previous visit and verified the price was the same. Of course the answer was yes, until it came time to pay. It was $15 MORE. Terrible. Absolutely terrible.
1 Literally the worst place EVER!!!! gave this place two chances and they failed miserably both times!!! The first time the nails just fell off a couple days later. Months later, i try it again. I got them done for a wedding and the good Toon, i think his name was, did an AWFUL job painting my nails. I asked for a simple simple gold tip and he tried to do it and they looked like s**t. So i told him to stop and he told me "well i dont have proper tools to do difficult stuff like this so dont blame me" SERIOUSLY?? i simple painted on tip just in gold???? Yea thats really hard since i went home and did it better than this "professional." Anyways this was 3 days ago and 3 nails have broken off and i went back in tonight for them to tell me i didnt go in and all that. And Toon was there and said he has never seen me before!!!! I was pissed!!! they literally fixed my nails and said if i wanted them to paint them they will charge me $7 so i left with 3 nails WITH NO PAINT ON THEM OR ANYTHING!!!!!
2 Prices are not bad but you get what you pay for.  Twice I have paid an extra 5 for the hot rocks, gave them a second chance, both times they just slid the rock up and down my leg, no massage or technique, very lame.  The place is not as clean and I question whether they properly clean the tools.  I won't be giving them a third try.
4 I've gone to Fusion Nails for 4 years. Over the years, I've learned to only go to Lynn as my nail tech. She is fast and does fantastic work. Each time I've had to go to someone else, it was terrible. Call ahead and make an appt with Lynn. She gets 5 stars, the salon 3 so I settled on 4.
4 Ann is awesome
1 I am new to the area went to Toon for a full set I have been getting my nails done for many years I know what works for me. I mentioned to him they need to be a little thicker I am very had on my nails. He said they won't look natural  we all know they are not natural. He didn't listen they turned out ok. It was barely 2 weeks and I went back for a fill I mentioned again they need to b thicker still didn't listen to me. Less the 2 weeks go by again and I went back because I had 3 nails that broke because again not thick enough I glued the nails.  Told him he needed to replace them which again he didn't listen he finished my nails I left and 2 hrs later one of the cracked nails broke I went back the next day Toon was not there someone else fixed my nails but did not replace it so less the a week later I have all 3 nails broke and glued again... Needless to say I gave this place a chance but I will not be returning and will not recommend this place either.
