5 Great Staff,  Sleep Dentistry, Took care of my snoring........still married!
2 I went to Dr. Flowers at Prime Dental in Laveen because they are close to my home. I have also previously gone to Laveen Dental and Southwest Dental in Laveen. I was not impressed with any of them.  Dr. Flowers was friendly during my exam, but when I came back for fillings, he was all business. Went right to work giving me shots without a greeting. The procedure took a VERY long time. He never checked in with me to see if I was alright. My head was practically on the floor with my feet in the air. Water was sprayed all over my face and dripping off. I was highly uncomfortable and in a lot of pain. Left with heavily bleeding, swollen gums. I went home and took my strongest pain reliever....I've never had to do that before and I've had a lot of work done in my mouth. I will not be returning.  Even if you live in Laveen, I recommend traveling to a dentist that will make sure you are as comfortable as possible.
5 I have been going to Dr Flowers for over 14 years and they have always been extremely professional and taken very good care of my dental work. If you want a professional, trustworthy dentist go see Dr. Flowers.
5 My family has been going to Dr. Flowers for 13 years.  He is our dentist for life.  You won't find a more accomodating staff in the valley.  It is obvious they care about their patients.  The front desk person Katie immediately greets you when you walk in the door.  Our hygentist for 13 years has been Audrey.  You couldn't find a more caring person if you tried.  She is gentle when she works on you, and always makes you laugh.  Dr. Flowers is top notch and should be ranked one of the top dentists in the state.  My wife and I have had several complicated procedures done and he has been extremely thorough in detailing each aspect of the treatments.  If you are in the valley, it is worth the drive to his Anthem office.  If you are in Anthem, this is your choice for a local dentist.
4 The staff is personable and responsive. The wait is just fine. The actual dental work is spot on. I appreciate the expertise and knowledge given and the location is very clean and convenient. What more could I ask for? See u soon folks!
