5 this place is awesome they do a great gob with everything they do, I have not found a better place than this one.
5 I've been going to this salon for 4 years, after spending almost a year trying different salons in the area.  They are by far the best.    Not sure what to say about the other review in regards to their pricing... it is only $20 for a "spa pedicure" and it includes hot rocks, lotion, sea salt, hot towel wrap, etc.  Pretty consistent for this area.  Anyway, I go to Denise and have for 3 years.  She is great at what she does and is super creative if I'm looking for something different.  Oh and they offer free bottled water, nice touch!
4 I've been using Le Nail Works since they opened.  Like any salon, weekends are busier, so your best bet is to go during off-peak times if you want a more relaxed experience.  Their spa pedicures include several extras that other salons charge extra for.
1 They used to take tips on your card and the last time I went there they said they only take cash for the tips now because of taxes. Every time I went they would just talk to each other the entire time like you weren't there at all and they never acted friendly or happy to have your business. They argued with me several times about what color I wanted to do the nail art in and were rude. During my pedi they hurt my toenail on my big toe. I did like Cindy, I thought she did great work. Yet, I went there for several months but decided it wasn't worth feeling so uncomfortable and unwanted as a client.
4 Ask for Ivy for all pedicures, but make an appointment because she is one the best at this place.  I've been going here for 2 years now and I've never had a problem. The prices are fair and the place is clean. I don't care too much for the male techs doing my pedicure because I think they are rude and that's pretty much everywhere I go...maybe it's something about their culture \o/
1 I have been a customer of Le Nail for over 5 years now.  I got my very first set of tips from here.  I have always been satisfied with their work, although I do think they are a little on the expensive side. Last week I went there to get my eye brows waxed.  After the lady was done, she gave me a mirror to look at my brows.  I had a freakin bold spot on the thickest part of my brow, you know, where it's supposed to be fullest.  I point this out to her and she tells me that she didn't do it.  Really??? It was just the two of us there and she is going to tell me that it wasn't her?  She said she didn't do any work in that area of my eye brow, but she did trim all around so I'm pretty sure she snipped me somehow.  If she had just apologized, I would have understood.  I know mistakes happen, but to not even admit to it.  I will never go back because of that!
1 I visited Le Nail Works last night around 4:45 PM.  I will begin by saying I am picky but still do reviews regardless.    The actual place was nice and clean. There were several people having nails done one having pedi.  I went for a hot stone pedi and added callous remover.  I don't know about you, but I like to have my feet sitting in the water a while before I have my pedi start.  Not the case.  My feet were in the water less than 1 minute.  The water didn't even have time to get warm while filling the tub. The pedicure was probably the worst I have ever had and lasted less then 20 minutes.  Painting the nails took longer (paint does look good though).  The leg/foot "massage" was like having lotion rubbed on.  Total was $22 because I had a coupon.  I guess you get what you pay for.  I came home and still put lotion and socks on my feet.  When I went to pay the young man sitting at the front desk watching the internet didn't acknowledge me...I had to get his attention by asking  "Do I pay you, or my pedi girl?" I can't imaging he didn't see me walk past and standing there.    Needless to say, I won't be back.  Wish I could find a place that I really liked so I could stick with them!
1 I've been getting gel done for about three years, and this is the worst place ever. It's not especially clean, there were tiny sugar ants crawling all over the nail color samples they gave me when I arrived.  I asked for glitter on the nails with solid tips, the tech did it in reverse with glitter on top of solid tips, which just looks stupid. Then she said that's what I asked for instead of offering to fix it. So now I'm stuck with crummy looking nails for 2-3 weeks.   For $30 plus tip, your money is better spent elsewhere.  Also if you do nails for a living, you should keep yours trimmed instead of digging them into the customer's hands like talons.  Overall horrible experience.
1 I decided to try out this place since the place I go to regularly was booked solid that day and this one was next to the chiropractic office I go to. What a huge mistake. My lashes are clumpy and there is black glue all over my eyelid. Also the lashes started falling out the next day. I'm used to the lashes lasting at least two weeks not 2 days. The glue she used got so hard that every time I close my eyes I can feel the sharp edges of the glue irritating the line where the lashes go into the lid. What a colossal mistake. The other problem was when I went to pay they said they only take cash and the price was more then the coupon stated. She tried to say something about using only single lashes. Well duh! that's how every other place I've gone to does it. I've never had such horrible lashes not even the time I thought I'd try it myself. Ugh. I'm so frustrated. This place was such a waste of time and money. They weren't even nice people or had good customer service,  to take off the sting of their ineptitude. Boo Hiss!
3 Every now and then when I have the time and money I like to dash in here for a pedicure $20...no appointment needed! I rarely get the same person and it really does not matter... I am pretty low maintenance, but I always get the calls remover $5.  When I walk out my toes always look great, and my feet are sandal ready, with polish that stays on forever! Its a bonus when I splurge the $5 for the flowers on my big toes.  :-)
5 Walked in the day before Christmas Eve, prepared to leave if there was a wait, and there wasn't! Yay :)  My niece and I just wanted to get some polish (I honestly can't color inside the lines, lol, so it's impossible for me to do it!) for Christmas. We'd already walked out of another place where we'd waited for 20 minutes before being told it would be about 20 more minutes.... for polish?! Me thinks not.   We were quickly brisked to side by side stations. Both our nail techs were very nice and worked quickly, but I have to give extra kudos to the lady who was with my niece. She was so sweet to her and took the time to paint 2 little itty bitty snow men on her thumb nails :D She made her experience special!   To top all that off, I was only charged $11 for both of us! Merry Christmas to me!!   I'll definitely be back :)
1 I will probably never go here again.   Everyone was pretty friendly but the quality was terrible. I got a mani/pedi and there are bubbles in the polish, the polish is all over my cuticles, the polish is uneven, and there are pieces of skin she pulled up and didn't cut.   Their prices are very low and that is definitely reflected in the services provided.
5 I love Kim's nail I have been coming here for 4 years now and service has always been amazing! They are like family to me!
