5 I really enjoyed working with Amerizona. They came to our house to give us an estimate. They were very friendly, knowledgable, and answered our questions. Once we decided to order the sunscreens they came out the next day to measure. The service guy was by quick. Originally they quoted us 3 weeks to get everything done, but they were so amazing the screens were installed the following week! The screens look beautiful and I've already noticed a difference in the temperature of our house (since its been hot already!) I'm so glad I used them!
5 We  had AmeriZona outfit our home with sunshades and vertical blinds in 2005. Dustin was very professional and knowledgeable. He installed the blinds and shades and we were completely satisfied with the quality and workmanship.  We sold that home in 2010 and once again called and Dustin came out to give us a quote. This time we bought wood blinds as well as verticals and sunscreens. Once again the service and quality was impeccable!  I have never been so pleased with a company.  Everything remains in perfect condition and working order. I just wish they made awnings! I highly recommend Amerizona!  LaVon Schneider
1 Let me start by saying that this is my personal opinion - but I would never use or recommend Amerizona to anyone due to their lackluster service. My intent here is only to post facts of the events I had to go through with my Amerizona shutter purchase.  Hopefully this will help you when selecting your shutter vendor.  We wanted to purchase shutters on three windows in the home to make all the windows in the home match (there were just horizontal blinds on those three windows).  We contacted Amerizona and they sent out a sales representative. This lackluster service began with the sales representative they sent to our home.  We made it very clear that we wanted the remaining windows to match the white bi-fold shutters we had on all our other windows.  We also indicated we wanted the hinges to match the other windows, because they were a non-traditional steel-type, not painted (not white).    The invoice listed the shutters using Amerizona codes and we confirmed with the consultant that the shutters were what we discussed.  Now I take responsibility for the fact that I did not understand the codes Amerizona utilized on the invoice and yet still signed. However, the sales consultant walked through with us the information, which included bi-folds for the large windows.  When the shutters were delivered and were partially installed I noticed that the hinges were in fact painted white and not the steel-type we had requested.  I immediately told the installer the problem and showed him my copy of the invoice. Now it is important to point out here that the builder of the shutters and installer are apparently two different organizations. The installer contracts with Amerizona or visa versa. No one could ever fully detail this arrangement with me in any of the conversations I had with Amerizona.  Since I have no knowledge of the name of the installer I will not list it here.  The installer's paperwork showed "white hinges" and he at first indicated that he did not know how to read the codes used by Amerizona on their invoice.  He contacted his manager and they said they would finish the install and come back with the correct hinges, once they verified that I was correct and in fact ordered the steel-type hinges.  As the install continued and the third shutter went up I noticed it was not a bi-fold shutter.  It did not match any of the other shutters in our home.  Again I spoke with the installer, but this time he pointed out on my invoice that this particular shutter was not listed as a bi-fold shutter.  Miraculously he could now read the codes on the Amerizona invoice!  He called his manager again and this time was instructed to stop work on the install.  He came to me and said that this third shutter he had only partially installed.  He had set it up so it wouldn't fall down, but that it was not fully installed.  He recommended we didn't open the shutters, because he had finished and had not sealed it.  He indicated that I would need to call Amerizona and discuss the next steps with them.  He then asked me for the remaining balance on the account.  I refused to provide any additional funds until the work was completed as was contracted.  He called his manager and she asked me for the payment again, which I refused.  She then asked for half of the funds as the shutters where in place.  Which in reply I explained that the installer and not even completed the install, as one shutter was not done.  She then acquiesced and indicated that they would not ask again for payment until the shutters were fully installed.  They began to remove the hinges and replace them.  The installer indicated he had finished the "non bi-fold" shutter.  However when I went and looked at it he only sealed the bottom, left and right sides - not the top.  So I waited for them to finish the hinges on the other shutters. I wanted at this point to make sure I would get my hinges I was paying for from Amerizona.    That was when the installer's drill battery died.  He had no backup and not even a Philips screwdriver to finish the work.  I had to provide the installer with my own drill set and a screwdriver for his assistant - so that they could finish the shutter work.    This is not the way to conduct business and I stress that I would not recommend this group of companies to anyone seeking to have an easy and professional service experience.  To ensure any customers thinking of utilizing Amerizona have this knowledge prior to their making a decision of shutter service vendors I am posting this to this site.  A more detailed explanation is on the BBB review site.  This site limits the character count.
