4 Outback is a perfect example of why chain restaurants work - you always know what you are getting....but the staff makes all the difference.  Dinner on a Tuesday night is never a major deal, and we were seated quickly, and had prompt service.  I ordered my usual "lady" steak - the Victoria (7 oz) medium rare - and I love the fact that I've never had a problem getting my steak cooked right - so many places bring me completely rare, or much worse - medium well steaks.  But this was perfect, and pared with a loaded potato, a delicious cliché on a plate!  The real selling point for me is the bread.  That lovely, warm, soft, chewy brown bread.  I have been trying to figure out how to go and just eat that.   The portions were such that I skipped dessert, but it was a tasty meal with the comfort of knowing what to expect.
4 i love this place and their food! what i mainly love is that their prices are extremely reasonable now so i can go more often. their steaks are very good as are their ribs and chicken as for appetizers, i love the signature Bloomin' onion and i recently tried their wings and i love them! it must be the seasonings and sauce they taste very different. and the service is alway excellent  but when you do plan on going, make a reservation to avoid waiting too horribly long
4 My brother took me there for Father's day. Service was fast and my meal came out just right. So did everybody else's meals. The best part. I didn't even have to see or pay the bill!
2 Don't ask me why I keep frequenting chain restaurants -- I must be a glutton for punishment.  So, I've been to this Outback a few times before, I used to order the prime rib, but it had come out so fatty the past few times that I stopped ordering it.  Last night, I met a couple friends here and this time I ordered the Outback Special Sirloin with the lobster and mushroom topping (an extra $3.95)  for the more "indulgent steak experience," as stated on the menu.    So the appetizer and salad came out fine, no problems thus far.  Then the steak came out.  It was cooked fine, but they forgot to include the lobster and mushroom topping for the more indulgent steak experience.  I told my server nicely that they had forgotten the topping and he assured me that it would be right out. The steak was decent and cooked correctly, however I was disappointed because the lobster and mushroom topping came out 10 minutes after my steak, which was cold by now and the "topping"  wasn't really a lobster topping with mushrooms, it was more of a lobster bisque with mushrooms.  If I had known it was going to be so disappointing, I wouldn't have bothered to wait for it while my steak got cold.  It would have been nice if the server apologized and took the "topping" off my bill (yes, it was just $3.95 but it's the principle of the matter), or offered a free dessert, but there was no accountability.  I don't expect to have another indulgent steak experience at Outback anytime soon.
4 If you can't really afford to go to a high end, food snob, steak house and you're craving a steak, where do you go?  Yup, Outback.  We went early on a Saturday evening and our service was great.  Our drink orders were taken promptly and drinks were brought along with bread.  I had not eaten all day so I was hungry.  Our server suggesed some "Aussie Fries" as an appetizer.  Ok, I love fries, so sue me.  And these were covered with cheese and bacon!!!  OMG!  So yummy!  They have a good kids menu with many choices so my daughter loved it.  I ordered a special that they were having, a tuscan style steak with mashed potatoes and green beans.  The steak was juicy, tender, and cooked medium well with just a little pink in the middle.  It was great!  The potatoes were ok but the green beans were done to perfection, still a little crunchy.  All in all I enjoyed my dinner and so did my daughter.  Our server came back several times to check on us and took the time to talk to my daughter as well.  Will we be back?  You bet!
1 I have so many friends that love this chain, but I'm not a fan. I've eaten at different locations across different states, but always end up sick. I think that I must be allergic to a seasoning that they apply to everything. I've gotten sick from salad, pasta, to steaks. Needless to say, if a friend wants to eat dinner here, it's tea or water only for me.
5 I am usually not big on chain restaurants. However I can't help but give the local Outback at Chandler Blvd. and the 101 five stars! The wife and I dined there last night with some friends and here is how it went:  1. The doors were held open by two waitresses. 2. We were greeted with smiles from both of them welcoming us and we were also greeted with a smile and a welcome by the hostess.  3. Expecting a wait I was pleasantly surprised that we were seated immediately.  4. We were immediately greeted by our waitress with a smile and a welcome. She was prompt, helpful, and you could just tell that she was there to make our experience a great one!  5. Our friends got some cheese fries which looked awesome but I couldn't eat them because of my diet (low carb). I was laughing when I pointed out that they just HAD to put bacon on those fries. The waitress smiled and left and came back with a bowl of bacon ON THE HOUSE for yours truly! 6. When my steak came out it was cooked to perfection.  7. My drink glass was never empty the entire time.  8. I was asked if I wanted a box for what I couldn't eat.  9. Oh and the manager came by to check on us with a smile. She also asked if we needed anything and when my buddy said he would like some more iced tea instead of sending the waitress back to do that she got it herself!  10. When we left we were again thanked for coming and the doors held open for us BY THE MANAGER!   I have to say that I have never received this high level of service from any restaurant anywhere.   BRAVO!   I give this restaurant and its staff and its management two thumbs up...way up!
3 I had a gift card from my birthday for Outback, Roy's and Carrabas and my wife had fond memories of the Salmon dinner she had at Outback in Tucson a few years ago.  The greetings upon arrival and seating process was very nice.  We ordered the salmon which came with mixed vegetables, and baby back ribs which came with french fries.  The vegetables consisted of broccoli, squash, cauliflower and carrots.  We told the waitress that we didn't like carrots and she said she would ask them if they could be removed, and they were.  Unfortunately the veggies were overcooked, almost tasteless and without seasoning, as well as a skimpy portion.  The salmon was cooked perfectly and reasonably portioned, and had a nice flavor.  The ribs were tender and fairly flavorful, with scant BBQ sauce and I had to request some sauce on the side.  The fries were excellent, seasoned well, crisp outside, tender inside, the best thing served to us that meal!  A small warm mini loaf of dark bread was OK, but wasn't good enough to tempt us to ask for more.  We skipped the dessert.  All in all an average meal and at almost $30 was acceptable but certainly not memorable.
4 We order take out regularly here. They always get our food right. Hot and fresh and tasting just like if we were sitting at the resturant. The service is always prompt and friendly. However remend them to give utensils they ALWAYS forget. The potato soup is awesome!
4 I was truly afraid of this location (and Outback in general) given reviews.  Very surprised when we visited!  Reasonable prices, good service, good selection of appetizers and drinks, and a complementary Bloomin' Onion which was supposed to have been a "taste."  Didn't eat any steak since my husband cooks the "best" at home, though he ordered a ribeye and said it was good.  Lots of food for the money.  Dinner for two was around $50 (plus tip) for four appetizers, three drinks and one entree.  We left with a shopping bag of leftovers.
5 I know that some chain restaurants can be hit and miss, but this specific Outback always treats us right.   The Victoria fillet with horseradish is always my favorite, and it always is just the right amount.  And I can't say enough about the hot, fresh, brown bread - in fact, that's what usually makes me want to come in.  Our server was friendly and professional, and we got the Chocolate Thunder for dessert, and YUM! Keven isn't a huge chocolate fan, and I thought he was gonna start fighting me over the desert (not really, he's a super generous sweetie!)
5 I love steak.  My family and I go to Outback frequently, and most often we go to this location.  The food is great, it's affordable, and it's close to my house.  Unfortunately I can't remember her name, but there is one waitress who has happened to have our table several times.  The second time was months after the first, and yet she remembered us...down to our individual orders!  The manager Amanda was very helpful the one time we had a small problem (the salmon was a little underdone in the center) and went out of her way to take care of us.  There are a couple of other servers who haven't left an impression one way or the other, but I have had no negative experiences.  I have no doubt we'll continue to choose this location when my parents are in town!
5 Always a good steak for a good price. Apps and desserts also good
3 We went early evening on a Saturday and even then there was a 15 minute wait which is fine...tells us the place can't be that bad.  Typical Outback decor and was clean and decent.  Amanda, our server was fantastic and friendly which kept the third star because the food was just plain mediocre at best.  My daughter had the filet and lobster tail.  The lobster was overdone and a bit chewy, but since this was her first time with lobster and she didn't seem to care for the taste, I didn't send it back.  My wife had the chicken and filet and she liked it but didn't care for the mesquite taste the chicken had.  That was not Outback's issue, since it was wood fired LOL! Point is, if you like the wood fired taste then it's definitely there.  I had the 10-ounce Rib-eye ordered medium rare.  It was served with barely any pink in the middle.  In other words, medium to medium well.  The manager came by for a visit and I pointed this out and she agreed that this was definitely not medium rare and offered to get me another which was nice, but I chose to keep it and not make the rest of the family wait for me.  So, two over-cooked dishes out of three.  One of which was a steak.  If you bill yourself as a steak house, like Outback does, you should never, ever serve an improper steak.  I just don't get that.  We had some gift cards which is why we went, but the experience was just so-so at best.  There are other places that I would prefer to spend $$ and a weekend evening out.
5 Every time we go to this location the servers and staff are friendly, even the managers walk around asking how everything is. The food is always fantastic! We LOVE our prime rib and they always have delicious cuts, perfectly seasoned and cooked. The sides are wonderful too!! We'll continue to go here for our steak fix. MMMMMM!
3 I've found that Outback isn't consistent from one location to another.  Based on this visit I would say this location is good.  The service was good, and the food was very good.  It's nothing fancy.  Just a steakhouse.  But a good steakhouse.  I had a steak, my wife had the prime rib sandwich, and the kid had a burger.  All were happy with their choices.  I liked the flavor of the fries, but they weren't crispy at all.  My wife didn't like them as well because of that.  She likes a soft crunch of the outer part and a tender inside.  It wasn't as big a deal for me, but I agree with her that is the ideal fry.  But they still tasted good.  We will likely return.
4 Service is always excellent, I love the macaroni and cheese! Great atmosphere, and have never been disappointed!
5 This Outback location is great! We live fairly close to this Outback and every time we have been here the service and food has been wonderful. I usually get a 6oz sirloin with mashed potatoes and the steak is always cooked and seasoned to perfection. I have asked for a few minor modifications such as a gravy for the mashed potatoes which they do not have but our waitress recommended the mushroom sauce usually used for steak and it was great on the mashed potatoes. The lobster mac and cheese that they recently had as a special was AMAZING! The bartender on our last visit also recommend that I put a shot of peach schnapps in my blue moon beer and once again it was AMAZING! This Outback just does it for me. I don't need to spend a fortune at a fancy steakhouse when the Outback down the street meets my every steakhouse need. Well done!
2 OK, the blooming onion is terrific, albeit greasy and unhealthy, but who cares about then when you order fried food? But the steaks--ewwwww. Don't know who is cutting their meats, but that New York I bought last weekend was an awful combination of fat and gristle. And my friend's sirloin was no better. The waitress was too harried to notice that our steaks remained on our plates when we asked for the check. Too bad.
3 Last night our experience at this Outback location did not live up to our previous visits. It took about ten minutes to be greeted after sitting down. This was not to bad but we were right on the cut off of happy hour so I wanted to make sure that we got our drink order in on time. I ended up getting my drink order in two minutes before the cut off so that was okay.  I ordered the new steak flight that they have as a current special. You can get two or three mini sirloins on top of potato cakes with different types of sauces. I got two mini sirloins one with diablo sauce and one with a peppercorn cream sauce. I have had the diablo sauce in the past and I knew that I really liked it. My fiancé got a 8oz sirloin with a baked potato, his usual order. My fiancé also ordered a house salad to come out before our meal. It came out with no dressing and no side of dressing. It took five minutes to flag down our waitress to let her know we needed dressing. We got our steaks and as soon as they came out we could tell that they were not going to be good. We both asked for them to be cooked medium and they came out at least medium well if not well done. My first mini sirloin was just a big piece of fat and grizzle, I could not even cut into it. My fiancé's was not quite as bad but almost. We asked to send them back. My fiancé asked for a filet as a replacement and I just wanted a new order of the same thing that I got.  The manager Gabby did come out and apologize for the quality of the steaks. She was very understanding and told us that she would personally make sure that they came out right. The second time around when Gabby brought them back out they were cooked much better. She also stepped it up and brought a third mini sirloin with an option of three sauces to try on top. I thought that this was great customer service and she really did a great job trying to turn the situation around. We were there much longer than usual but it was not a big deal and Gabby did her best to make sure we were happy. The steaks were still not the best that we have had at Outback but I will give this location another shot because of the fantastic service we received in the end. Gabby also made corrections to our bill and made it right. Good job on turning the situation around. It was still only a three star night but I will give Outback a chance to earn the other two stars back.
1 I have a few issues with tonights meal. First I wish on sat night when I'm taking out the girl, they would get it right. Also this particular outback has consistently been terrible. I honest love outback and the manager was nice about things and comped the meal. But I didn't get the impression they are going to fix the issues. Or even capible of fixing things. Service was slow. Not terrible just subpare to start with. Salad had almost no dressing.  Soda was very good and bread was fresh. The baked patato was obviously in a steamer for at least four hours. That's just wrong. Can I please have a fresh one with my steak. The crab was the worst I have ever eatten.  The crab was dried out. My steak was so dry I almost chocked on it. I had beef jerky that was more tender. My girlfriend ordered her steak med well and it came out rare. This is the problem. We finally chased down the server who was not good about checking on the food and he had it cooked properly.  You got a second chance do it right?  No it tasted like they cleaned the grill with grill cleaner and scrapped all the old junk off the grill and then recooked it on there. That's just wrong. I felt like it was my fault for not ordering a rare steak.  Seriously I'm not sure how they could have made the meal any worse.  Shame on you.
1 Horrible!!! the bartender kept blowing us off.. he was more concered about talking to other staff members then assisting paying customer.. food was gross.. stay away!!
5 Immer wieder gut. Die Steaks sind immer so wie ich sie bestelle. Auch der Service ist hervorragend. Komme gerne wieder!
1 Worst dining experience ever. We came here for my birthday and both my mother and got a cold meal, twice! When we asked to see the manager the first time he didn't show up for about 20 minutes and when he finally showed up it was obvious he didn't care. After that our waiter avoided us for the rest of the night and we didn't get anymore service at all, except when the bill was dropped off. I used to love this place but now I don't think I'll ever be back
1 Food: Soup was cold and had to be warmed up again. Victoria's filet med well was flavorless and on the dry side . I'm not even sure if it was a filet cut because all of the filets I've eaten have been thick.  I've had sirloins thicker than what I got today. It looked nothing like the filets on their pictures. Hardly tender. The mac and cheese was so dried out. There was literally no sauce on the bottom of the bowel. It was horrible The cheesecake was flavorless.  My co worker found a hair in her steak. They offered to make another one but we didn't have time so they gave her a gift card for $20 to come back and took her steak off the bill, just her steak though not her whole meal.   The waitress was spaced out. Slow on the refills. No personality. Almost standoffish.
3 Enjoyed their bacon burger lunch special but not so special price. It was good to be expected, nothing special though. I would have liked to have more french fries portion but it was adequate.
2 Two years ago I gave this location four stars.  Didn't rate my visit last year thinking it was an "off" night.  After yesterday's lunch, I'm certain I won't be back.  There simply isn't any reason - it's just "so-so" and completely unremarkable.
2 This place has it's pros and cons, but they are mostly cons.  Went here for a birthday lunch for my stepdad with some family. Started off by taking a bit too long, in my opinion, to be seated for a restaurant that was maybe filled a little over the 1/4 of it's capacity. Found out after being seated that they were understaffed on this particular day, which explained why the service was so slow throughout the whole meal. However, slow or not, their staff was extremely friendly and on point. We ordered some appetizers and drinks, and they were great. This place does have some good appetizers and I really like the bread they give you before your meal.   When the main courses came out, 2 out of the 7 meals were cold and had to be sent back, one of the meals was not cooked properly and was sent back as well. Now maybe my family was picky, but the table next to us sent their food back as well, and while we were leaving, I heard another table sending back one of their meals. Maybe this was a bad day for this place, but it was enough for me to deem Outback as the "Walmart of steakhouses."  Like I said, if you just want some drinks and maybe some appetizers, this is a decent place for that, but if you want a great steak or meal, I suggest another restaurant.
1 Horrible food. I usually love Outback, but this location is horrible. I ordered the steak and lobster. Lobster was way over cooked and my steak tasted like a cheap Walmart steak. It was hard to swallow, that's how bad it tasted. Then our waitress broke my debit card while away and didn't even mention it. I found out when she returned my card and walked away.
2 This has to be the worst Outback. Service is slow, and last 2 times we were there, we have had to ask for silverware after our meal came. Pass this one by. Black Angus is not much better with their service, but it is down the road, as well as other places around the mall for steak.
1 my family and I will never step foot in another Outback Steakhouse again. - it took 2 hours to eat and get out of there and there were only 6 customers in the entire restaurant - it took 40 min to get our onion blossom appetizer - their restaurant smelled like dirty, damp, rags - menus were sticky - ordered the steak and lobster dish and the size of the steak was smaller than the palm of my hand and I have small hands! - service was ok but the refills on water need to be worked on.
1 I saw their TV commercial for sirloin steak and all you can eat shrimp so I had to check it out. When I got there, at lunch time, it was so dark that I couldn't even read the menu. When the waitress came over and asked me if she could bring me anything I said Yes, a flashlight. I tried moving to several different tables where there was enough light to see the menu and finally gave up and left.
4 It is unfortunate that this chain got low rating. Been here couple times a year and never had problems. One time my awesome blossom looked dark and I gave them a feedback. The manager asked if I'd want another one but I was almost finished, so I said it was ok, just a feedback. The manager instantly took it off my tab and offered me a dessert. I didn't take it bc we don't do dessert. She insisted that I take it home after dinner. I felt awful bc that was not my intention. I don't know about the management now bc I haven't been there in the past 6 months.
1 We went for dinner 5/31 to Chandler Blvd Outback. We had stuffed mushrooms.. cobb salad and chicken on barbie...  Bill was $40...  We had to ask for serving plates for our stuffed mushrooms. We had to ask for re-fills for our ice tea. The chicken on barbie was nothing special . It was a small serving for 12.50 price. The cobb salad lacked any eggs or avocado. It was nothing more than a few pieces of chicken cheese a couple tomatoes and lettuce that was not fresh. The portion was extremely small for 13.00 price tag. Service and food was sub par and pricey for what you got. Will NOT return.....
5 The Alice Springs chicken is my favorite dish! I love the blend of bacon and cheese. The honey wheat bread is particularly good as well. They are also open for lunch at 11am now!
5 Had an issue with dinner 2 weeks ago.  Owner (mike) invited us back for a second chance.  My wife and i were blown away!  The maple pork chops were sooo tender and delicious and the prime rib sandwhich was as tender and juicy as u could ask for.  Wr also had the peach sangria which really added a nice kick to our meals.  I would definitely reccomend this place and will for sure come back.
5 We went to Outback and I had checked the reviews in the area we live and all the Outbacks that were close to us had 2 star ratings so of course we choose the Outback located at 2520 West Chandler Blvd Az 85244 since it had  almost 5 star rating. When we got there we were seated by a very friendly gal and the waitress assigned to us name was Melanie and she was the best got us are drinks fast and also took the order with a smile on her face and it can be a challenge with my family ordering since we add on things and like extra this and that . My daughter ordered the Top sirloin and it was cooked to perfection . My husband ordered the Prime Rib and it was also perfect. I ordered the Ribeye and it came out way over cooked . When Melanie saw the steak she was right on it and had another prepared for me making sure they did the thicker cut so it would  be perfect . Then the Manager Brian Rivers came to the table and apologized  that my meal came out over cooked and was going to make sure he made me happy . Which him and Melanie did just that made sure it was perfect. He went as far as to remove it from our ticket since my family was pretty much finished and I asked him just to put it in a to go box . Well he not only boxed up my dinner he also had them cook it all fresh from the shrimp all the way to the baked potato and made me fresh  mushrooms with no onion  also threw in a Apple pie desert at no charge. So if you are ever in the mood for Outback I strongly suggest you visit this one in Chandler  they will go out of there way to make your dining experience a fantastic one . Be sure to ask for Melanie to be your server she is the best. Thank You Shelly Error
4 Food was good, beer was cold!  Ask for Jessica as your server if she's not available ask for Justin.
