4 I had a small fender bender in a hospital parking lot a few months back.  No big deal, and the other driver's insurance company immediately took responsibility, so all I needed to do was get an estimate and get it fixed.  They were quick but thorough with the estimate, and when I brought my car back for the repair, they found some additional hidden damage, contacted the insurance company, secured a promise from them to pay the shop directly (so I didn't have to pay then wait for the insurance company to reimburse me), and still had everything done as promised, when promised, and they called me a few times to update me on the progress.  The only thing that I would like to see would be some courtesy transportation, even if it would only be offered within a certain radius.  All in all, they made the process as painless as possible.  Strong 9 out of 10; if they offered to drop me off and pick me up at work at no additional charge, it'd be a 10 out of 10.  I hope I don't need a body shop in the future, but if I do, I wouldn't hesitate to bring my car back to Brighton Collision Centers.
4 Three years ago now, I bought a new (to me) Jeep. Six months after that, I let my brother borrow it when his car broke down. Two days into that, he backed it into a pillar at a parking garage. Paint carnage. Luckily for the kid bro, blood's thicker than water, and even a $35,000-for-new vehicle in formerly-pristine condition is just a thing.  After asking around and scrounging the web for reviews, Brighton was  the one place that consistently came up with positive comments. I triple bid the job, and despite coming in the highest even paying out-of-pocket, Brighton quickly took the lead. Everyone I dealt with at Brighton was friendly and warm. Their estimate was the most exhaustive, their process the least painful, and the estimator exuded a sense of confidence and knowledge sorely lacking from the other shops I visited.  The actual repair process was painless. I dropped the Jeep off, they asked if I had a ride, they gave me a target time, and several days later they called to let me know it was done ahead of schedule. Arriving back at Brighton, you'd never know my back end got its grind on with a pillar. The scratches were gone, the dents were gone, the new paint matched perfectly, and my hand-sprayed paint job was noticeably more beautiful than the robots at the Chrysler factory could manage. (Robots can make good paint that will last you a lifetime, but that's all robots care about. My Brighton job is glass-flat and mirror-shiny even with your nose right on it.)  My one complaint is that they left my interior a mess. One piece of trim wasn't installed correctly, there were filthy fingerprints all over it and my headliner, the bits of sealant they removed were still on my carpet, and there was overspray on the inside of my quarter window. I didn't notice it until I got home, though, and I'm a detailing fiend, so I just broke out the box of toys and fixed my own interior. Even considering this, Brighton is  still the single best body shop experience I have ever had--and given the rest of the experience, I can't imagine it was anything but a rare oversight.  I'd gladly take back my own vehicles or send a friend there.
5 I've had two experiences here.  The first was a few years ago - body damage caused to my car by another party.  They fixed it nicely and quickly.  No complaints.  Early last year we got a brand new truck.  My husband scraped the entire drivers side with the riding lawnmower and left a long, black streak across it.  I took it in for an estimate to get it buffed out and they did it for me for free while I waited.  There are still scratches you can barely in the paint from the lawnmower, but the nasty black streak is gone.  Exceptional service - if we ever have another "incident" I will surely return.
5 Gentry at Brighton Collision was very pleasant and professional to deal with! Highly recommend. Top notch body work!
5 My husband got hit by someone and the car got slammed into the curb. We went to Brighton because of all the good reviews and I'm glad we did. They were very professional and have impressive customer service. They took care of everything for us from the rental to getting the car's mechanical work done as well as body work. The car looks brand new where it was hit and they gave us a warranty and explained all the repairs. Heaven forbid I'm in an accident I will definitely go back.
1 I had a last-minute milk run to make on New Year's Day, which involved me simply running up the street to my local Basha's. I was inside for a few moments, and when I came back out, it looked like somebody had backed into my front bumper and drove off.  I promptly called my insurance company (Geico), and then scheduled an appointment for me to meet one of their representatives at Brighton Collision. The rep was very nice, as was the receptionist, so I didn't think twice about dropping my car off for repairs.  I picked up my car (after the repairs had been completed), and noticed that while the impact damage had been repaired, my bumper didn't seem to be mounted correctly anymore. I was told by one of the Brighton workers that "it was mounted as best as it could be,"  and simply drove off.  A few weeks later, it appeared as though my bumper was continuing to separate from the front fascia, and there were several broken clips visible on the passenger side of the bumper.  I made a follow up appointment, and dropped my car off for the second time on 2/17/14, and picked it up this morning (2/20/14). The mounting of the front bumper looked slightly improved, but was still not flush like it was from the factory. Also, there are now scratches in numerous places on the bumper, as well as a part that looks slightly unpainted. In addition, there are red and white paint splotches all over the front grille of the car (the grille is black).  I am completely fed up with this place and am working with Geico for a resolution. Will update review with additional details
5 Just picked up my car from Brighton and very happy with the service. I had dropped my car off a week ago for an insurance claim through Geico. Brighton conveniently had an Enterprise rental car available when I dropped my car off, gave me good expectations of what to expect including timeframes, and kept me advised during the process.   I also had the shop look at resurfacing two of my wheels that got dinged over time. Michael was able to go above and beyond my expectations in getting the wheels replaced at a very good price. I really appreciate the extra time and care he took in getting the rims replaced versus resurfaced.   Overall a great experience and would recommend them if you find yourself in a similar situation.
