5 Would you consider your orthodontist family? We do. And his staff too.  We have two kiddos in braces and love Thomas Shipley! He was referred by a friend and we haven't been disappointed.  1. Just the thought of paying for braces made us quiver. Not to fear. Shipley has payment options to meet your financial situation.  2. Who likes free stuff? We do. And so do the kids. They get tokens for good behavior (related to taking care of their braces, retainers, etc.) and the tokens can be exchanged for some pretty cool stuff.  3. The office staff is super friendly and accommodating. They have worked with us with school schedules, vacation plans, work emergencies, and sports.   4. The office always has some sort of contest going on for the kids. Contests range from naming exotic animals to sending in postcards from the farthest vacation spot. And the prizes are amazing.  5. They have put braces on an alligator. True story. But don't take my word for it. ;)  This list could go on and on. But trust me, you'll love Thomas Shipley as much as we do.   SECRET TIP: After school is the busiest time in the office during the school year and mornings are the busiest in the summer. Wait times are never terrible...but you'll never have to wait if you schedule off-peak.
5 Awesome, friendly staff!!! I highly recommend them if you need any work done on your teeth.
5 I love this place and Dr. Shipley! I've been a patient here for three years. I had really bad issues with a cross bite and gaps in my two front teeth. Before I came here, I visited 4 other orthodontist to request Invisalign . All of then said no but Dr Shipley said that with some work, Invisalign will work with me. Like I said, I was a unique case so it took me some time for my teeth to finally cooperate but now my teeth look better than veneers!   The staff has always been friendly to me. The facility is very clean. I've never had a hiccup with scheduling. I personally referred one person there and anyone who ever asks me for braces; I'll lead them this way.
5 Dr Shipley came highly recommended by my oral surgeon after many years of temporary fixes for dental issues performed in offices prior. As an adult in a professional setting, I was reluctant to get orthodontics due to the look and length of treatment. Dr Shipley and his staff are truely extraordinary, they make you feel like a VIP every time you step into the office. Dr Shipley delivers cutting edge orthodontics providing the patient with the latest technology and a personalized treatment plan. He recommended "Propel Orthodonic Acceleration" for me and I could not be any happier with the results. Instead of 2 weeks between changing Invisalign trays, it's only 3 days after the Propel treatment. This accelerated the expected 2 year treatment plan into a mere 6 months, which is over 4 times faster than regular orthodontics. Four times faster to a better smile with a painfree procedure that only took about an hour. The results are truely amazing. Anyone who is unhappy with their smile, regardless of age, should strongly consider Dr Shipley for providing a long term solution that can fit within your personal needs.
