1 Called Rondo to discuss pool remodel and to get quote. Dave came out a week later to look at everything and told us we would email quote to us. 2 weeks went by no quote. Called Rondo were told someone would get back to us quickly. 2 months later still no quote and we have gone to a more responsive pool company and work is being done.
5 We just completed our pool remodel with Dave Furman at Rondo Pools. I got estimates from 5 major pool builders in the valley before deciding on Rondo. We love our new pool! This was an average dollar project at $15k but we never felt our small job was less important than a big high dollar one. More importantly the process was the easiest remodel project (new kitchen,  floors,  & doors in a year) I've done to date on our home. I'm sure this is thanks to Dave and keeping the project on track. This is our seasonal home and I was concerned about monitoring this project from Chicago but it turned out quite easy to accomplish with Dave in constant contact with me and updates. I'd recommend Rondo pools to my friends.
5 My wife and I contracted Rondo to build our pool at the beginning of May and we were happy to have the excavation completed by May 20th. The design process and final sales review was prompt and complete with a 3D model by Raphy Avakian and engineered plan drawings. Our permits were ordered right away when requested so we could get the project complete with a tight timeline. We are excited to see our end product and will be back for a final review then based on our experience
5 In the end Rondo did a great job with our project.  While the communication could have been a little better, it was good to get involved and stay up to date with the project myself.  Even after the build they resent out crews several time for correction and got it done right, which was excellent.  For spending the extra 35% on a pool to have quality control, warranties, and a manager of the project to supervise the subcontractors, Rondo was definitely the right choice.  Kevin, the owner, was accommodating in hearing me out on my concerns.  After interviewing the subcontractors as well, Rondo was one of the builders they enjoy working with the most.  Our pool was also completed in 50 days from signing of the agreement, which is a quick build, and by keeping our payments coming they get getting the jobs scheduled for us, we we appreciated since we have a child on the way. They are also doing our neighbors pool as well now. Good luck!
