1 I generally find the staff at this pharmacy unresponsive to the needs of their customers. There is one medication I have been taking for some time and have gotten at this pharmacy for over two years. I learned there was a co pay program from the drug manufacturer and thought I could pay $4 for the prescription. I learned from the pharmacist at the time of the last refill the Brand name medication would cost 192 dollars for a months supply...minus 75 dollars discount for the co pay program, for a total of $117.  I had health insurance at the time, so I chose to go that route. I lost my job/health insurance during the following month and went back to CVS expecting to pay $117 for my prescription. Alyssa, who was wearing a dirty smock, told me the prescription was $372 dollars. I was astonished (and a bit irritated). As an aside, I told them I had been off the medication for 4 days, was having significant withdrawal and wasn't feeling well at all (my fault), but they said nothing after I told them this. They did not offer to check to see how much the generic of the medication would cost. In fact, they did nothing. I went to Fry's Pharmacy and purchased a month's prescription for 43 dollars and their staff was AWESOME. By the way, Fry's price checks with other local pharmacies (WalMart and Costco included) and matches the lowest price. This CVS experience brought to mind previous instances when they said they could not get another medication and kept stringing me along, saying they had it on back order and would contact other CVS locations for the medicine. Never happened. They eventually referred me to an apothecary to have the medication MADE, stating no one has this medication. I went to the WalMart pharmacy the same day and got the medication. I have also had CVS staff become irritated with me at the drive through, yell at me and slam the drawer after dispensing the medication. (in their defense, I have not seen that woman working in their pharmacy since). All in all, I have found their staff unresponsive. I will definitely be taking my business elsewhere.  I know they don't give a crap about losing my business...the lack of revenue will not affect their bottom line with any major significance, but I am glad Yelp gives us an opportunity to say when we've been given excellent service and not so excellent. Good customer service is not a goal at the CVS pharmacy in Mesa.
4 Had an online photo error problem and the lady there was nice enough to get my birthday cards printed in a timely manner and even no charge me for the inconvenience. Thank you Terry :)
5 This store used to suck but it looks like recently they've shaped up. Top customer service and the pharmacist is very knowledgable.
5 I stopped by yesterday before hitting up the Starbucks across the street. The staff was very helpful in helping me find my items and she even explained the rewards bucks program to me. I redeemed my points for two free packs of my favorite gum.
