4 I have never been on a diet or tried eating healthy before... My friend Jared referred me and I lost 10 pounds! I wasn't trying lose a lot of weight but I wanted to get in shape for pool season. The only reason I didn't give Isagenix a full 5 stars is because it is expensive! But I feel great! Look great and am not dependent on caffeine anymore!
5 I am sold on Isagenix i am NOT an Associate or am i trying to sell it to anyone, i am not in the business although i once was i just couldn't afford to stay on the Autoship every month.  I do still buy my chocolate shakes from them and buy certain other products but i will not try to sell it anymore because it really was difficult trying to help people get healthy or lose weight.
1 I was introduced to Isagenix by a family friend.  I voiced skepticism, but was assured I could quit at anytime and could get refunded on any unused products.  After one month, I felt the cost was greater than the results.  When I asked to be refunded on excess products, I was informed I had to go to the online Isagenix Library and follow all instructions for terminating my associate status.  The online instructions were straight forward and basically stated I had to submit a letter that included certain verbage.  I sent the letter and two weeks later nothing was communicated to me.  I called the Isagenix headquarters in Chandler, AZ and they claimed they could not find the letter.  After bouncing around among several Isagenix employees, they finally found the letter and issued RMA instructions for returning the unused products.  I shipped the products to their facility in AZ.  Again, no communications.  Their instructions in the online library stated I would receive my refund within 30 days. After 45 days, I contacted VISA and asked them to reverse the charges on my last Isagenix purchase.  Oddly, the very next day, Isagenix posted a $600 credit to my account.  I had returned well over $800 in product to their facility.  The only charge outlined in their online library was a 10% restocking fee.  They told VISA that there was some other charge, which was not defined.  Look, bottom line, this is a Multi Level Marketing (MLM) organization that makes it easy to join and very hard to terminate.  I have lost about $200 and a lot of personal time trying to leave their organization and to get the funds I was owed.  Avoid these people.  They are running a MLM scam!
4 I've used their products for my family for a couple years.  I ended up becoming an associate just to get a better price.  I haven't sold their products to anyone else, but we use them ourselves.  I use the shakes and vitamins.   They seem to work well for us and taste good.
