5 I have been seeing Dr. Kim Lucas for over ten years now and am happy to yelp off on her excellent service. The entire staff is friendly, helpful and extremely thorough when it comes to diagnosing illness or recommending treatment. She employs all women which helps to create a more comfortable atmosphere when getting the dreaded yearly "well woman" checks. I have seen her and her nurses for numerous illnesses over the years and they are patient and understanding and quick to discuss options other than medication. It is really wonderful when they talk to you about your diet and/or herbal supplements rather than just prescribing meds. Taking a holistic approach to the overall wellness seems to be the primary focus. Whenever I leave the office I not only feel better, but more educated about my body. I would recommend her and her team to anyone.
5 My husband and I love Dr Lucas, as well as FNP Nancy Erdmann. We were patients for six years. We have to quit seeing them (eff. Jan. 2011) because our insurance changed, and we're so bummed. We highly recommend this office.
5 Saw the bad review and had to put my 2 cents in!  I've been going to see Dr. Lucas since I was a teenager, and have never had a problem with her.  She is thorough, and is very friendly and has never had a bad attitude with me.  With the exception of one surly medical assistant extern, I haven't ever been talked down to or treated rudely by the staff.  As long as I'm in the Tempe area, I'll continue to see her.
5 I have to commend Dr. Lucas for timely and accurate diagnosis.  I have been seeing her for at least 10 years.  She ordered an aortic ultrasound test and they found a very enlarged aneurysm in the aorta just below the kidney.  She had me see a vascular surgeon right away and soon after had a CT scan.  Only a few days later I had to have surgery.  I have no doubt that had Dr Lucas not caught that, I would not be alive today.
5 I've gone to Nancy Erdmann, FNP for approximately ten years now. I adore her. She cares about holistically treating me and is proactive in recommending preventive care. She is always dressed very stylishly, as well! I have seen Mary, FNP and Dr. Lucas. They also are both excellent! I am more than happy to see them if I need to get in on a day Nancy isn't in the office.  I don't plan on changing PCPs as long as this office is open. I've lived all over the Valley and always made the drive because their care is worth it.
1 Nancy Erdmann was very rude and insensitive. I felt rushed.  Sadly, I'm someone that's going through a tough time health wise and I'm just looking for a good doctor to listen and help me.  The search continues...
