5 We have been using Protech since 2007.  They respond to service requests quickly and are reasonably priced.
1 ProTech is a horrible company.  Their customer service is the worst I've run into in a long time. They decided today that yelling at me and then transferring me to a tech is acceptable behavior for a business to have.  I would not recommend them to anyone.
1 I gotta agree with the masses on this one. Protech is a horrible little company. Rude receptionaist.  Unorganized.  Policeis designed for Protech's convenience, not the customers.  Like it or stuff it attitude.  Do yourself a favor and don;t even consider these guys.
1 Just experienced the same horrible customer service from a Debra, which could very well be the owner, since the owners name is Debra. Had been assigned her thru my warranty company. I immediately called the warranty company and told them they shouldn't be using such rude people. They are cancelling the job with them and reassigning the work to someone else.  If they start out being rude taking your order i cant imagine what they would be like if you let them in your house. This house is in Az tho i am not.
1 Sadly, I would give this company 0 stars, but that is not an option.  I needed an immediate repair through my home warranty Old Republic.  This is the one company that had time to do it right away.  The "receptionist" aka owner Debra was extremely rude to my husband while scheduling the appointment.  She diagnosed the issue over the phone and said the dishwasher stopped working because we used liquid detergent (made for dishwashers.)  She then proceeded to tell us that the tech (I believe to be her husband) could not call us before his arrival as he doesn't get cell service in the Chandler area!  WTF?  She said he could show up any time between 10am and 6pm and if we weren't there waiting for them that they would leave a note on the door and not be able to service the appliance.  Tech arrives, answers cell phone while here, so apparently cell phone does work.......speaks with Debra and complains about the last customer in front of me.  He was rude and unprofessional.  When I told him I had already made a complaint to the home warranty company about Debra's service his response was "I'm not worried about that".  I'm in real estate and LOVE Old republic home warranty.  I called the warranty company immediately and informed them of the situation.  They told me that this company will likely be removed from their list of providers for service.  Let's hope so.  I will follow up with Old Republic to be sure that this company does not get business sent their way when they obviously don't deserve it.  By the way............the repairs he made did not fix the problem, now the warranty company has to send a second company out to make the repairs.  Save yourself the headache and call a different company.  If you have a home warranty and they give your work order~ it is your right to decline this company and request another form their list of providers.  I have used this warranty company for many years for myself and for my clients.  This is the first negative experience I have had with one of their contractors, so I am confident that ORHW will discontinue their business relationship with Protech Appliance and Repair.  Spend your $$$ with a company that appreciates your business.
5 Last Saturday I made the gruesome discovery that my 48" fridge was not working.  This was after I spent a small fortune at Costco filling it up.  So I made the call to Old Republic to send someone out- and they referred me to Protech. Debbie returned my call and assisted me with sending out a tech on Sunday.  Our tech arrived on time as promised which is huge in my eyes!  He diagnosed the issues as the cold controller as well as the fan.  He promised to have someone call the next business day regarding the parts- just as promised I received that call.  However per Old Republic it was going to be two weeks!  Debbie called and we discussed options as well.  We had the parts over-nighted and scheduled the tech to come out again today.  So effective today my fridge is back up and working- so it was down 6 days which isn't terrible.  Considering the delay was waiting for parts from GE. Great service -- Technician was clean, professional and courteous!  Debbie was awesome and so helpful!  If I have the need again- I will make that call-less panic striken of course - now that I have found these professionals to help me.  Thank you Protech and Old Republic for taking care of my fridge!
1 Exceptionally rude staff. This was another Old Republic home warranty call, actually a callback on an ongoing diswasher problem. The woman I talked to on the phone kept coming up with excuses as to why "there was nothing they could do" which she kept saying over and over. The call ended with her saying "my office is closing" and hung up on me. Totally unprofessional. I do not recommend this company to anyone for any reason.
