5 Seven months ago my life was blessed with a newly adopted German Shepard puppy.  PetSmart on Northern was there the first night we adopted him and realized he needed bedding, food, and dishes as well as being there when we needed professional puppy obedience classes.  While most might say that big box commercialized stores cannot compare positively to the smaller non-chain shops, I have to disagree.  My experience with this particular PetSmart was more than amazing.  The pet trainer Ashley was very kind and informative throughout the training classes.  My puppy was very timid and non-accepting to strangers but within 5 minutes of meeting Ashley, he was taught how to sit as well as allowing her to pet him. Halfway through our 6 week program, my girlfriend and I had work schedule changes and were unable to complete the classes but Ashley was more than accommodating to that matter, allowing us to switch to a different time schedule even though they were a couple class sessions behind allowing us to have refresher courses.  When a local boutique pet store where we purchased our puppy food from stopped carrying the brand of dry food we used and inadvertently recommended us a new brand that our puppy was allergic to, PetSmart gave us the solution to the problem without us needing to waste the other one.   Overall, the staff here is nice, the store is clean and the free nail trims and pet toys we received from the classes almost knocks out the price we paid for the training class.
4 Pablo goes to school here. He seems to like it. He has learned alot.
5 I love this Petsmart, a girl name Amber cuts my little girl's hair and it always looks amazing.  The price is okay, I wish I could get coupons to help with ticket price.  But, when she comes out, she looks amazing.  I love the service, the people, the vet, the nurses... everyone there including people at the register are really nice.  A pleasure going there.
5 I have been taking my black lab to the grooming salon at this location every month for several months to get a bath and furminator treatment. A couple weeks ago I took him in and they told me they had to rush becuase they were closing (it's a 3hr process and they scheduled him 2hrs before close). Within a week he was smelly and shedding like crazy, when usually he goes a month before this happens. I went in and spoke with the store manager on Friday evening, Saturday morning the salon manager had called and scheduled my dog for a free appointment that evening. I was thoroughly impressed with the handling of this situation and they will definately be keeping my business!!
1 Live feed is unreliable. Just got a hundred pack of worms with 30 still alive. As with any fresh goods, stock should be rotated and/or clearanced, not sold dead/rotten. I am a fairly new reptile owner, this has been a recurring and frustrating theme. I rarely if ever get pupating/dying mealworms from other suppliers. Animals up for sale often seem to need water.
4 Great selection of pet stuff. A bit pricey but they only sell pet stuff so they have to be. Tons of dog treats to choose from. My dog Sam loves to go here and sniff everything. They have emergency my dog pooped in the store stations. Staff is friendly. They have a awesome laser engraver that gets your pet some credentials.
