5 I love the pharmacy staff at this Fry's! Mr. Patel is a great Pharmacist as is the other lady and are very helpful and knowledgeable. They have a great staff behind them who take care of bidniz too! There's one I think is really cute but I don't see her there that often anymore :(   ***The Bafroom: I also had an interesting bathroom experience here one early morning. After a long night of drinking and avoiding an old friend all night that was trying hard to hook up with me, I finally made my way out off that house party all 007/Mission Impossible style! My ride left early like around 3:00am and at about 5:00am I finally made my escape. It was a quarter to 6 when I finally made my way to this same Fry's with the most unbearable urge to go #2! I found out the hard way that they don't open their doors until 6:00am and I had 15 minute left and was already doing the #2 shuffle dance outside the store. I banged on the glass door flashing my I.D. to show them I come in peace and mean no harm and finally someone had let me in early. Phewwww, was it a close call! Needless to say, I must have passed out on the crapper for at least 20 before I caught consciousness and realized where I was and what I needed to do to complete this mission. I finished up my business and I was on my way. The bathrooms were clean and I was never bothered during my nap. Great bathroom experience. I give their bathrooms 5 stars too! Thanks Fry's/Krogers!
5 Any grocery store I can walk into wearing a green fairy costume (wings, glitter and all) and buy nothing but a bottle of rum and 2 cans of Redi Whip and get treated with nothing but respect is awesome in my eyes.  They usually have good deals, and the staff is friendly when approached.  The store is large, but usually well stocked and clean.  I love that they have the self service checkout, I prefer to bag my own groceries, and this is often faster than standing in line for a checker.
2 There's something about this place that always makes me feel like I don't want to be there.  It's a little dark, a little not-so-clean-looking, and nothing really stands out as being great.  Seems to be continually crowded though, so someone must like it I guess.  But the crowd is just another reason I tend to avoid it.
1 I have never had such a poor customer experience in any grocery store to date.  The store staff couldn't care less about assisting customers.  The assistant manager wouldn't allow me to voice concerns and just kept saying how sorry he was.  I think I will drive out of my way to another grocery store.
5 Clean, friendly staff, stocked shelves. What more could I ask for?
1 ZERO STARS!!!! I can't express how horrible their service is. There is a cashier who has been working at frys forever and her service is in the toilet I can't believe she still has a job there. DONT SHOP HERE! I was made embarrassed about my form of payment today and this was the straw off the camel's back. I have never been treated so badly in my life. Will never shop here again!!!
2 I go here because it is close to my house, but it is usually a disappointing experience. First, the pricing practices by Kroger (and most other large grocery chains) are misleading at best. Surreptitiously down-sizing quantities, e.g. coffee, without lowering the price is one practice. The other is calling it a sale when they mark up an item then promote it as "buy one, get one free". Most consumers know it is bull@$#t, but their marketing geniuses really think they are pulling one off. This week Fry's advertised pork ribs, "buy one get two free". But their price for these ribs is $7.99/lb!! Gristly old pork ribs that normally sell for $1.99 - $2.99 per pound marked up to the price of a quality sirloin steak. I know the definition of a lie is pretty vague in business, but this type of pricing practice is about as close as it gets. They pretty much all do it so we have little choice in taking our business elsewhere, though this time I went to Sprouts and bought them for the honest price of $2.99 a pound.  The second issue is service. In business you can always have one employee that is having a bad day or is just bad at customer relations, but most of their checkout employees here seem unhappy. Don't know why, but maybe their personnel policies have the same effect on employee morale as their pricing policies have on consumers.
