4 Four and a half stars  I had an existing appointment with Todd's Porcelain & Fiberglass Repair and after trying to get Denise @Todd's to be helpful with arranging for landlord to pay , getting an date to come out and getting a firm estimate-which she was not at all- decided to call around and see if someone else could come out. Todd's just did not seem to care of follow-up with any of my calls. Disappointing because they are some kind of superstar with Angie's list. IMO, Denise at Todd's needs a class in customer service.   I found several other companies but Adams fiberglass Owner Chris Adams called me right away on Monday after an internet inquiry on Saturday.  After speaking with him, not only could they do the job in one day versus the two days quoted by Todd's,after hearing my story, Chris expedited my job ahead by two weeks! I cancelled with Todd's.   Much friendlier, much more helpful and narrowed the quote down to a smaller range versus Todd's telling me it could be from $375-$875.   I explained to Chris that I REALLY needed the shower because of medical issues and that I am having difficulty physically being able to safely step into the other Bathroom's tub/shower because of injuries from a car accident. Chris heard this and made an extra effort to move my appointment up to a much earlier day. Also, they came earlier in the day than they quoted (12:30 vs 2:30) and got the job done way faster than originally indicated at HALF the cost that Todd's  MIGHT or might not have charged me.   They filled the floor with foam because it was flexing, fixed the cracks and refinished the shower pan to nearly identical color and it looks pretty darn good. We will see in two days how it holds up to my very BIG body. I will post pictures later.   My only negative is that there is some dry loose material left on the carpet and being that I can't vacuum right now, if they had vacuumed that up and wiped off the material they got on the vanity, def would have given 5 stars.   I would highly recommend them to fix your cracked shower stall if your looking for a friendly and helpful company that does everything they promise and they do it at a price that is fair.   Thank you Chris and Scott!
5 I'm an owner that lives in another state but have property in Arizona. I needed a bathtub repair to my property and had no idea who to call. I called numerous companies but every call was very frustrating with all different responses but none that would really help resolve the issue. Finally I called this company and what a relief they were to me. Colleen was the nicest sharpest person I had talked to out the numerous "big" companies I had called. She was fast, extremely knowledgeable and courteous. She scheduled me for an appt., explained their full process (which was just like the larger franchise companies) and I was taken care of....right then and there. Not to mention they were less expensive that the larger companies as well. Her employee showed up on time, was clean, fast and did an excellent job at the repair. You couldn't even tell there had every been a crack in the fiberglass nor a repair done of any kind. I would suggest that you don't waste you time on the other companies and just call Adams for any Fiberglass and/or Porcelain repair or refinishing......because they're truly the best !!
5 This is the only fiberglass refacing company to use. As a multiple property owner and having tried the one who advertises the most, failing results, to a couple of want to be's on Angies List, I will never call anyone else again. Quick service, great price and unexcelled quality, total professionals at their craft. In and out within 3 hours. PS I really like to support local business and not faux franchises. These people take real pride in their work and totally deliver.  Thanks for a great job Adams, will call you in the future.
