4 My fiancé, my daughter,and myself all go here and we are very happy with the doctor and nurses. We would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for good healthcare. The only downfall about this place is that the people who answer the phones to set up appointments speak very, very little English and makes it hard to understand them. I understand they are an Asian based doctors office but they should have some English speaking staff. The nurses and doctors all speak great Engish so that is great. A great spot for healthcare of all ages!
5 So, I admit, I found this place on Yelp. Yelp is my go-to source for everything, including health care.   As the other reviewer stated, some of the staff is Asian and they do have an accent. However, I've never had a problem conversing with them over the phone or at the desk. After all, most of your conversation should be with one of the doctors or the nurses - who as far as I can tell, speak perfect English (English as first language).  The care I've received has been good. I think the time it took to make an appointment and get in has been phenomenal. Each time I've gone, I've been able to get an appointment within 5 days, half of that by my own doing due to my own personal scheduling. But maybe this is the norm for most places... but I'm just used to past doctors that sometimes have a month waiting list. No bueno.  The main doctor, Richard Le, is good and fun to talk to... at least as a guy to guy. He's a guy I could see getting off work and having a drink with kind of cool. He doesn't have that stuck-up attitude that some doctors have and normally explains everything so that you can understand it.
5 Since August we have experienced nothing but excellent and friendly healthcare.  The staff is caring and you never feel rushed.  Great for all ages.  We are in the 18 to 77 range in my family and all are pleased.
4 I liked this facility.  The staff was very nice. SARA THE PA was very thorough and asked if I had any questions. She wasn't in a hurry like most.
