5 While they may do good work this business does not feel it is necessary to keep scheduled appointments or to call to cancel or reschedule. This company obviously does not want or need your business so you may as well look elsewhere.  When I posted this I emailed Sunset Gates and told them of my disappointment in them not keeping their appointment or even calling. I had a response almost instantly from them in the form of a phone call explaining that their had been a scheduling mix up. What they did next (no need to go into details) then showed me that they made an honest mistake. I decided to give them another chance and was glad that I did. The finished gate and the widening of the wall to accompany the wider gate turned out better than I had expected it too and on top of everything else they finished it a week ahead of schedule.  Everyone makes an honest mistake from time to time but when these guys do it they more than make up for it. With customer service like this, and the top quality product they produce, Sunset Gates is the only place to look too for all of your gate needs.
5 When it comes to quality construction and top notch customer service look no further!  It was really refreshing to find an owner that is passionate about his company and who really cares about his customers.  Sunset Gates installed an RV gate (weather proof, composite material) for us and a side yard gate to keep the dogs and kids out of the pool. Both gates have withstood the test of time and still look great after a number of years.  I welcomed the opportunity to recommend Sunset Gates to my neighbors and they have shared the same feedback after working with Shawn at Sunset Gates.  Like I said, if you are looking for a dependable, prompt, and friendly company...Sunset Gates is the best in the valley!
5 After getting an estimate from another company I called to get one from Sunset Gates. They immediately emailed me information on gates I said I was interested in with the price right by each picture. Then they scheduled a free estimate at my home.    Shawn took plenty of time to explain each step and the price with different options. When they came to install it I was really impressed with the workmanship of the project. I just love my Sunset Gate.   Oh, and Sunset Gate's estimate came in at 1/2 the price of the other company.  I highly recommend Sunset Gates.
5 Just had my gate to backyard replaced after twenty years.  Sean, at Sunset Gates, brought over material samples and pictures.  I made mt selections and felt I would end up with a beautiful fence. - I DID.  Not only a  great fence, but, excellent attention to detail and customer service.  I would recommend to anyone.
