5 West siders rejoice! The newest Ranch Market opened up last week and it's every bit as big and beautiful as the location down at 16th and Roosevelt!  Jason W and I tried to tour this new mecca on opening day, but were daunted by the 3500 other people doing the same. After making an illegal U-turn, we headed over to my little known Super Mercado instead and filled our need for some Melon Agua Fresca. That was one crazy scene.  Thinking the crowds may have settled a bit, my sister and I headed over today for some old fashioned South of the Border shopping. The crowd is still unbelievable, but oh so worth it.  Everything you have come to know and love about Ranch Market is now in my own backyard and I have a fridge of Carnitas, Tamales, Mexican Pastries and Cheese, and some simply beautiful produce to prove it!!  If you are in this part of town and you need to stock your shelves, this place has it. If you are driving down Indian School and are hungry for some of the best Sonoran Mexican food in the city, this place will make your head spin! If you are having a down day and want to samba your way down some aisles, one of amazingly friendly staffers will be more than happy to oblige!  Simply put... I am one satisfied gringo girl because grocery shopping just does not get better than this!!!
4 Holy Crap Batman!  This place was shoulder to shoulder packed around lunchtime on a Wednesday!   Why, I guess it's because they have everything it the world you might want and at "almost free" prices.  It's the exact same layout as the one on Roosevelt and 16th st, but there's less parking.  This place is a complete and total assault on your senses from the second you walk in.  Norteno music on the PA, the every 15 seconds someone YELLS for something in Spanish on the PA.  Wild decorations all over the place. Everything is on sale so of course you need a bright colored sign for every single item.  Good news is that I saw a few signs in English and one of the three employees I spoke with there spoke English, score!
4 I tried to hit this place with Julie P. on opening day, but traffic was backed up from the entrance all the way to 29th Ave, along Indian School Rd. We retreated to another supermercado, our dreams of tacking a whack at the opening day piñata completely dashed.  Fortunately, Helen Y. and i were combing the area before going to Tim Finnegans, so we checked it out. The layout is almost identical to the Ranch Market on 16th st. and Roosevelt, with the same amazing produce and aguas frescas. The seafood bar isn't as snazzy, and I'm not sure they have grab 'n'  go containers of salsa -- you can buy it by the pound at the salsa bar, which would take an extra 30 seconds or so.   What's cool about this location (besides being a ten minute drive from the Melrose District), is that the Costco Business Center shares the parking lot, and they sell dirt-cheap restaurant supplies. A trip to both places could outfit a barren fridge and kitchen for about 18 bucks. Since I plan to cook five nights a week until things turn around, 33rd Ave. and Indian School is recession-busting headquarters.
5 I'm in love!   I kept hearing the buzz about the Ranch Market and decided to stop by one weekend with my mom. All the previous reviews hit the nail on the head when they say that it is an assault on the senses. When you first walk up outside grilling of carne and pollo asada make your mouth water. Then you walk in and are hit with tall cases of pastries, and some of the best Mexican pastries and cookies I have had in the valley.   I could not contain my excitement and found myself dragging my husband there to show him the mecca and the Ranch Market did not disappoint. We picked up tortillas, butter nut cookies, tomatillo sauce, cheeses, and Mexican Coke (made with sugar not corn syrup) and dined in style- on the cheap. The employees were friendly and helpful and seriously the prices are shockingly low compared to some major Phoenix chains.   If anything it is worth going once to soak up the atmosphere.
5 I have to agree that when I am having a really shitty day I head over to the Ranch Market with my dancing shoes and I dance my shitty day away. This place from the moment you walk in envelops you in warmth and happiness and the smell of delicious treats wafting through the air. The side I usually walk in is the bakery area with those delicious cakes covered in an orgy of candied fruit and vibrant frosting. They have a great array of pan dulce and Mexican cookies. There are times when I take something like 10 bucks with me and hit up the produce for some yumlicious fruit or the fun little refrigerator section around the "Aguas Frescas" area and buy some arroz con leche or Mexican soda. Note: If you have not had a Mexican coke, you have to stop what you're doing this instant and get yourself one right now!!! Mexican soda makes my eyes water every time, both from tears of joy and the hard core carbonation. Get a Mexican coke with some carnitas and you are set! Hands down some of the best prices around! Also if you do plan on going and perhaps wanting to shop but just for a few items take your own bag or hand basket. I only need to shop for myself and now take my own little bag every time. I went recently to this particular Ranch Mart and was scouring the front end of the store for a hand basket and found nothing. After asking several and I mean several employees, someone came up to me and told me they had only one hand basket for the entire store. Turns out folks take their groceries home along with the basket. If you don't have much patience veering the aisles with grocery carts filled with babies and food, you're going to have a heck of a time. Check this place out for yourself. I mean, where else can you go and buy a personal serving of flan, a pan dulce, some chicken feet and botas all under one roof?
4 All Ranch Markets make me feel like I'm in a fiesta as soon as I enter, and this one on Indian School Rd. on the west side is no exception. I have to thank my friend Rey of Karey's Kitchen for letting me know about this place. I mentioned to him that today (June 4) is National Donut Day and that I love the donuts at the Ranch Markets, so I was planning to go to one. He told me to go to this one, and of course I found my precious donuts ... and a whole lot more. All your senses are totally engaged in this place, from the moment you enter with the bakery tempting you with an astounding array of remarkably inexpensive treats, and even before - with the chickens roasting just outside of the entrance. Expect to find a lot of stuff you wouldn't find in regular supermarkets; case in point: http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/OIeGhgZD9lLJEI_GLrZ3uw/l . You'll find a festive atmosphere in the hot foods section, the huge produce area, and the rest of the market. And it's all appropriate because when you see the large variety of foods and the low prices, you'll definitely feel like celebrating.
5 Great tortillas, they have a machine and make them on site. These tortillas are tastier than food city's in house brand. You want to get the one with the little red sticker that says "sabrosa" , these contain real butter and are really tasty. They also serve fantastic food inside.
5 When I walked into Ranch Market, I instantly became giddy and exclaimed, "I feel like I'm at Disneyland!" There were flashing lights, streamers twirling around off the ceiling fans, large neon letters indicating various food categories, and even a clown making balloon animals.  Then I turned to my left and saw the glorious bakery case. I seriously think my eyes got misty with joy. I love, love, love Mexican pastries and this case is something to truly behold. It stretches the length of probably 4-5 standard grocery bakery cases and is jam packed with all sorts of buns, cookies, cakes, and breads. Dr. Atkins would have had a heart attack at the sight of all of those carbs, but I couldn't wipe the smile off my face.   I could go on and on about the other great aspects of Ranch Market, but the bakery case alone was more than enough to make me fall in love!
4 I know this is a grocery store, but I have to say I'm such a fan of their food, that I usually just go here for a meal.    I don't know whose idea it was to surround the entrance with huge cases of pastels, galletas, and pan dulce, but it works on me every time. Try to resist getting dessert first (but don't forget to save room). It's a good idea to just put your blinders on for now and make a beeline to the Aguas Frescas - they've got the best selection around. All are delicious, but my favorites have to be sandia, melón, or piña. (BTW - you can get a medium (20 oz) for one dollar on Wednesdays!)   Once you've got your beverage, its time for the really difficult decision. The good news is that you can't make a bad choice, but that doesn't make it any easier. The carne asada tacos, chile rellenos, and gorditas are great, but the torta is the best. Try the carnitas torta - it is absolutely divine and ginormous. Don't forget to pick up a few roasted jalapeños at the salsa bar for a smokey, spicy kick. Its one of those meals that you get and think there is no possible way you could finish it, but then you probably finish it anyway.  You're better off trying to save half for second lunch so you can get another treat on the way out, because you still have to head back through the pastry gauntlet for dessert.   Again, no bad options. The churros are fresh, the empanadas are amazing in any flavor, and the orejas dipped in chocolate are actually too big to finish on your own. That's okay though, I'm always up for the challenge.   Oh, and since this is a grocery store, enjoy a little shopping while you're there. (As long as you're not in a hurry - everything takes a little longer at Ranch Market.) I pretty much stick to the perimiter - fresh tortillas & chips, quesos, and the largest selection of salchichas I've ever seen are a few highlights.
4 when I first walked into this market I didn't know whether Rip Taylor decorated it or a hoard of Oompa Loompas exploded. That being said I found the place colorful and festive. This place had everything from tongue tacos to cases of Vienna Sausages. I don't think I need to tell you that this place was like heaven.  The staff were friendly, courteous, and I'm pretty sure that had I come in with a baseball bat they would have let me have a run at all their piñatas. If you've never been to a party, a good Mexican meal, a swap meet, or a bakery go here now.  The food and everything else doesn't get more authentic than this place. If you're heading here for lunch expect a huge crowd. I personally had a torta de carne asada, tongue tacos, and tacos al pastor which were all delicious.
4 Yes, it is a market obviously targeting the Hispanic market. But don't let that deter you from shopping here. The hot food counter, OMG! So many different foods to choose from, along with just off the griddle tortillas, Horchatas, etc. Phenomenal.  They have one of the best produce sections I've ever seen. If you are a fan of different peppers, you will be amazed. Also, many fruit selections that you won't see in your local Fry's or Safeway, or much cheaper than they would have. Mangos for days.  Wander the aisles and discover some new favorites. Tamarind juice? Check. Instant flan mix? Check. The list goes on.  Don't leave without a walk past the butcher counter, where you will likely see an entire cow head for sale.
5 This is one of the stores that is worth a visit. It is like stepping into another world. Even if you don't buy anything. I always do! They have the best fresh produce displays of anywhere in Phoenix. The cakes in the bakery are decorated beautifully. We bought two and thought it can't taste as good as it looks. They did. Very good tasting. Beside the produce displays the quality is very good. Everything looks and is fresh.  The meat department has everything form standard cuts of meat, fish, to a cow head.  We always eat when we go to shop. Their food is priced low and you get plenty to eat. They have a big selection of fresh food. All being cooked and prepared as you watch.  This is a place to go see even if you are not in the area. Take some time. Visit the store. Have a great lunch. Look around. I think you will find many things you will want to take home with you.  Craig
5 Pro's Ranch Market being right next to Costco Business Center is just asking for trouble. Heading here around dinner and there is no way I am going to escape. My only regret is that they ran out of tamales by the time I got there (well there was still cheese and pineapple but I say those don't count). Like the other Ranch Market's there is hot cheap eats to have and savor and a wonder selection of hispanic specialty products, meats (A whole chorizo section!), and produce. 6 lbs of onions for a dollar! Yes! Crazy! And all of the produce looked legit and not some of the scary stuff Fresh and Easy or Walmart provide. I just wish I was closer. I only let myself get a couple onions, a jalapeno, a special round plantain like fruit, and 5 heads of garlic. My total was $2.16! I was shocked! This place rocks and I cannot wait to find myself in the area to go back.
5 I absolutely LOVE visiting Pro's Ranch Market! It's like going to Mexico without leaving Phoenix. The bakery, cocina, aguas frescas (including juiced vegetables made to order), Tortilleria, and well priced produce are unparalleled. The seafood and fresh meats, include cuts you won't find at Trader Joe's or Fry's like beef tongue and chicken feet.
5 I go to Pro's Ranch Market often for lunch- sometimes several times a week. I've had the street tacos, chile relleno, burritos, and some other tasty treats. I'm a huge fan of the agua fresca stand- my favorites are the strawberry, pineapple, and horchata. And the bakery... oh, the bakery. They have everything sweet you could want including individual servings of flan and tres leches cake.   The store itself has the cheapest produce in town, a giant meat counter, and a great assortment of cheeses. Ranch Market also has super delicious tortilla chips and salsas. This is one of my favorite places to go if I'm on my way to a BBQ or party- there are so many options!
4 Probably my favorite place to get produce. Huge selection of everything and it's all so fresh.   Not more I can say about it.
3 Walking in its like a rainbow of food has exploded and there is definitely a festive feel all over the store.  The pastries were divine, but the rest of the actual groceries just didn't impress me much- a lot of corn syrup in the ingredients, just not very healthy feeling food, very packaged.  the produce section was fun, but Costco has yummier fruit and veg in my opinion.  I found the spice section also lacking.  I think i was expecting way too much, and at first impressions was amazed, but it was kind of like a first date with someone who is super cute, but turns out to be kind of blah after a half hour of conversation.  i would go again for the bakery and fresh juice, but thats about it.
4 This seems to be a good market.  It aims primarily at Hispanic clientele.  The produce includes "ordinary" stuff, plus some unusual fruits and vegetables you generally won't find in the better-known grocery stores (Fry's, Basha's, etc).  If there's a chili pepper you want, they probably have it.  But in addition to the grocery is a juice bar with fresh-squeezed juices (like papaya, guayabana, etc).  And then there's the lunch counter.  Very Hispanic, and very good.  I don't want to say "Mexican" as I suspect it goes beyond just that.  It's simple fare, but very good.  It rivals most full-service restaurants (and beats most of those!).  Great lunch counter, good grocery, a juice bar, and a Hispanic bakery.  Probably the best such market we've found around town (I just wish it wasn't so far from home).
5 White People, do not fear! I'm a white boy myself and speak no Spanish, Yet this is my FAVORITE supermarket. Most of the staff speaks English. The ones who don't can either "figure out" what you want or will find a translator. The stores are quite clean, including the bathrooms too. Wow! Once the security gaurd even watched my bike while I shopped! WOW!!! I frequent the 67th Ave & Cammelback store. Prices are much lower than others sale price. The single large store has as much going on as some shopping malls: huge bakery w breads, cakes and desserts, a big juice/coffee drink uhh "hut", an eating area set up like a cafeteria with picnic tables and fix'ns bar, a huge Tortilla Factory, a huge deli, a seafood section, a huge meat dept fresher than the Frys by me, a booze section, a jewlery dept, a clothes area, and one or two areas I'm not even sure what they do. Insurance maybe?... Taxes?... I digress... Again, as a non-Latino, I've gotten friendlier service, allot less rude attitude, much more eats for the buck, and as fresh or fresher than my "White people" Frys market right around the corner. The festive family atmosphere is always a real treat too. A+++
4 I shop at the Glendale and 35th Ave. store for produce only. The store is fairly new so it is large and clean, with a festive ambiance (very loud music, and the occasional dancing clowns). The produce is fresh and the prices are fantastic.  You can find things here that you can't get elsewhere, like Mexican papaya, every kind of chili pepper you can imagine, nopales cactus pads and other exotic items.   On Weds and Thurs there are amazing sales and so the store gets quite crowded, so go early if you can. And be prepared to wait for awhile to check out.   They also have a bakery, they make tortillas in-house and they have a salsa bar and a lunch counter with Mexican food that I haven't tried, but smells very good.  Different locations may have different quality of produce. I went to the location on Thomas and found great papayas but green bananas, then that same day I went to the one on Glendale and 35th Ave and found ripe bananas but bruised, past-their-prime  papayas.  I would not buy meat or fish here or anything else for that matter. Just produce. Be aware, it's all non-organic.  Better produce and way more charming than any other supermarket.
4 Although nobody speaks English here or if they do they are not very bueno at it, the food is still pretty good. I was looking for Prickly Pear salsa and nobody could understand what the heck I was talking about and later when I was ordering some tamales there still was a language barrier between the counter woman and myself. I understand that it is a Mexican supermarket, but did everybody come straight from Mexico or they just didn't bother to learn English when they entered the USA illegally or not. The tamales were only $1 each and the two cheese and jalapeno ones I had were great and not that spicy. Ordered a side of Mexican rice and that was fluffy and tasty too. Perhaps the best part was the salsa bar. The green salsa is full of flavor and they also had chopped onions, cilantro, lettuce and a hot salsa too. Might bring my translator next time, but worth the language struggle. You can tell when these employees are full of it when they say "i don't speak English" in English instead of No hablo Englis.
4 This store is bigger than other Latino grocery stores around town. Nice selection of everything and anything you need to reproduce some tasty recipes from south of the border.  Inside is divided up into different areas and they do it quite well. Beautiful Bakery with delicious Cakes, Desserts, Sweet buns, Donuts and then some. They also have Fresh Tortillas made in house, a large Cheese and Sausage area, and a gigantic Produce area with tons of Chili Peppers, interesting Fruits and Vegetables. The Meat area is also pretty good with different cuts of meat that are not typical in regular grocery stores.  If you are hungry for a meal or a snack while shopping, stop and get yourself a Burrito, some Tacos, Soup or other famous dishes that they make right there next to the large and festive indoor eating area. Salsa bar right there also to jazz things up a bit.  Place can get pretty busy and there may be a good line at the checkout during peak times. Don't forget to pick up some Candy and a colorful Pinata to smack with the kids when you get home. In the same parking lot as the Costco Business Center. Vaya Con Dios Mi Amigo!
5 Largest grocery store ever! And in a good way.   This store has -A huge produce department -A huge fresh meat department -An infinite selection of tortillas -A full bakery -A jewelry store (you can get a piece of jewelry fixed while you shop) -Fresh cotton candy -A beverage bar with smoothies and lots of other things -And so much more  Definitely give your self a little time to explore. They have the regular items you will find at any other grocery store but also a lot of other obscure things you may have never tried before.   They are also typically the best deal for avocados in town. So if you are having a fiesta or just want an interesting grocery store experience then head over to your nearby Ranch Market.
4 I always get the ad in the mail and am staring wide-eyed at the prices. I'm thinking 'what's the catch?' when peppers are 3 pounds for 99 cents.  So I finally made the trip over to the market and was blown away. First off, the store is gigantic.  The produce section is enormous and there are always friendly guys re-stocking the selection with fresh vegetables and fruits. Always buy what's on sale and in season- it's delicious. During mango season (spring), they're small but oh my goodness are they delicious! I haven't had the opportunity to eat there yet, but I definitely will in the near future. The augua frescas look fantastic, as does the huge selection the bakery has. They even have a giant roaster outside charring chiles that you can buy fresh to use for whatever you please! You can leave with a shopping cart full of food and paper towels like I did for less than $35. I had enough food to last me two weeks after feeding all my friends snacks like fresh chips and guacamole too! Definitely check it out if you've got the chance.
5 Awesome price and selection for fresh produce! The best part about this place is the restaurant inside. The only way to get better homemade mexican food is to have your very own nana named Rosa! I recommend the Carnitas street tacos! It's also pretty cool watching them make chicharones, as long as you're not vegan that is. If you visit, you must get a drink called Plantano that they sell next to the bakery
