1 Very unprofessional! I bought a deal off LivingSocial; wanting to get a cleaning service for awhile, I thought it would be a great way to find a cleaning service I liked... this is not the one I will be going with! The lady canceled on my several times and didn't show up for times she reschedule my cleaning service for. I finally had to call the company and leave a message complaining about the service I was, or rather, wasn't receiving. When the owner called me back he was full of excuses and was obviously in over his head. The cleaning people are nice, but unreliable and the owner doesn't seem to care. He is obviously over booking his staff and not taking responsibility to ensure costumer satisfaction.
1 We had absolutely terrible experiences with this company. We called many times, leaving messages because no one answers the phone -- EVER. After an extended phone tag, we finally reached them. For example, it took over 2 weeks to get a phone call from the owner! They don't even ask your name, they file everything by "your cross streets." I agree with the other reviewer - this fellow is in way over his head. Anyway, we finally had one scheduled and then the cleaner calls and wants to bring a 2-yr old child along for the three or four hours she would be in our home. How unprofessional this outfit is - stay away!
1 I bought a deal off of Living Social and waited a while to call them, figuring they'd be swamped with business. Now I can't get them to call me back so I can use my deal. (NOTE: There were no reviews of this company on Yelp BEFORE the Living Social deal.) Of course, Living Social is no help - their website says I need to call a consumer advocate in my area. This kind of thing, I predict, will be the demise of every deal-of-the-day site: the company selling the deal bears no risk of having to pay refunds if the business providing the goods or services doesn't perform. I have since cancelled my subscriptions to EVERY deal-of-the-day email out there. Lesson learned about TWO companies with no ethics.
