1 I hired this company in November for my daughters birthday party.  We had a pony and face painter come.  While both entertainers showed up and were timely and polite, the face painter had no talent.  She painted basic snakes and rainbows on cheeks - basically, what any teenager at the party could have done for free.  The man that ran the pony rides was not engaging with the kids, he just quietly helped kids on and off the pony.  I was expecting the face painter to show up with artistic ability and I paid a premium for that.  I booked the face painter for 1 hour.  Her designs took about 1 minute and after she painted 15 kids faces, she just ended up sitting there with nothing to do.   I also expected the man who gave the pony rides to be more interactive and friendly with the kids.  The whole entertainment part of the party was kind of a flop.  The kids got bored quickly.  When I left Laurie the owner both a voice mail and email voicing my disappointment a day after the party, I got no response.  I would not recommend this company.  It is expensive and not at all worth the money.
5 I've used A Child's Joy for a few years now. They are always there on time or earlier to drop off and on time to pick up. The bouncers are in great shape and we paid $79 for an overnight rental. You can't beat that!
1 We hired A Child's Joy for a petting zoo and pony rides. The lady who came was very rude and not the right person for the job. I made the reservation and everything went well. My husband was the one who met with the lady when she came. The first thing my husband said was how rude the lady was to him. When our guests got to the party, they were able to start riding the pony. EVERY single adult who interacted with her, came up and told me or my husband that the lady was very rude and she seemed like she didn't want to be there. I was very disappointed especially because this business is about children.
5 We rented a water slide, sno-cone machine, tables and chairs for my daughter's birthday party this year. The team of two arrived the morning of the event and set up with plenty of time to spare and came the following the day to remove everything.  I will definitely use them again in the future!!
5 So awesome!  Definitely RECOMMEND, They came out when they said would be there, quick set up & oh my goodness they are so friendly which made it much more enjoyable doing business with them again. Love love love  A CHILDS JOY
