3 i wasn't sure which Starbucks I wanted to pick to write about.  I go to this one once in a blue moon (long story about this one), but there is also another one I frequent on Ray and the 101 (brand spanking new)  I also go to the one on University and Hardy in Tempe...but I have the same issues with each and every one of them...why do they have to be so friggin cheerful in the morning???  Stop it!  Nobody can be that upbeat at 6am...even after I drink my tea...I am nowhere near their cheeriness...STOP THE MADNESS!!!!!  Besides all of that...I do love my green iced tea and blueberry coffee cake (or Lemon Cake...i switch)...good stuff and convenient...
4 Typical Starbs...but the baristas always have smiles on their faces, so I like to go.  It is the closest coffee places to my house, so I go often for a quick triple espresso.  They spell my name right, too (one T), without me ever having to say anything to them.   This is right by Chipotle, Jamba Juice and Fatburger, off the 202.
5 Great service!
3 Don't go here if you're in a hurry. Slow service.
3 I'm not a huge Starbucks fan. I only go when I'm given a gift card. Stopped in this morning to try some of their tea.  Found out earl grey isn't my cup of tea
4 Happy & friendly staff, great service & they'll make you a new drink if you don't like your crappy decision. Whats not to like
3 I don't know why, out of all the Starbucks in the Valley, this is one of the ones I'm fondest of. It's just your average Starbucks. The staff is friendly, the food and drinks are overpriced in comparison to some of the local coffee shops, there's free wifi, and it's on the comfier side of chilly during the summer.   Also, there are two leather chairs in the corner that are ridiculously comfy and great if you're looking for a comfy spot to curl up in for a bit with a book and a drink.
5 I pass 4 Starbucks to go to this one, I love the staff and the atmosphere. And it being next to Chipotle doesn't hurt either
1 The people here are awful. They were talking crap on my wife within earshot because of what she was wearing. I understand they work in one of the more "difficult" service industries but you'd imagine that the heaps of money their family has would be able to educate them enough to have some manners.
