4 This casino, as you might expect, caters to senior citizens. They're heavy on slots and video poker and have probably the largest bingo hall ever imagined.   I met my parents there at noon on a Wed. and found that I was one of about half a dozen players in the 21-30-year old demographic. Most of the dealers, however, are young. One nice thing is that the senior demographic drives the blackjack minimum down to $2. So it's a good place to hone the 21-playing skills without hurting yourself too bad. I settled in at a $5 table and made it out with some cash. I did not see a craps table and the roulette wheel was automated (weird).   I'm sure the younger players show up on weekends because there were more tables that were not open, but overall they do not have a large amount of tables.   Definitely a good casino, and it is on tribal land. Be careful driving up there and back because Beeline Highway is heavily patrolled for speeders by the Arizona State Police
5 For the serious Video Poker Player, and you know who you are, then The Fort should be the only Casino in the Valley you should consider. It's not perfect by any means, but its the best available in Arizona.  Unlike the other casinos, playable games are easily identified and not flooded with Keno plunkers who take up space on the multi-game, multi denom machines playing a quarter at a time.  I personally rate this the Number 1 Casino in the Valley for the following reasons:   1.  They provide the fastest hand pays in the Valley.     2.  Once you are in their "computer system" filling out the dreaded W-9 is a non issue.  Just provide them with a drivers license and a SSN then sign the pre-printed form when they pay you.   3.  When you hit a jackpot, you are given a receipt for the amount they owe you, and then they "RESET" the machine right then. No waiting until you get paid to resume playing.     4.  If your VP machine is playing too slow and you'd like it sped up.  Simply ask and its done.  If its too fast, just ask.   5.  The sushi bar is the best in the Valley, but keep that to yourself.   6.  Instant cash back, via voucher or downloaded to your machine.   7.  Some of the nicest people on the planet man the Players Club Booth.   casinoknight@hotmail.com
4 Was in town for the Hole 16, Phoenix Open and my buddy recommended we come here for some poker. It's in the middle of nowhere but once you roll up BAM there it is.   Walked in and puff puff, smoke everywhere. Headed to the poker room sat in a 3/6 game. There is a refreshing sarcasm that the employees here sport. You know who you are...lol  They have a sushi bar right next to the poker room and have $1 dixie bud lights. How can you wrong with that.   Later in the night I cruised over to the lounge, they has music and entertainment and girls dancing. Nice!  I give this place a 4 because of the mood, atmosphere, availability of games, sarcastic friendliness of staff and of course the food!
2 Holy second-hand smoke, Batman!  I think I contracted lung cancer during my 4 hour visit.  That's all.
2 It is very, very smoky in here. Extremely poor ventilation. The smell stuck to me for hours and we only stopped in for 10 minutes to pick someone up.
2 Okay - so let's start this off right... We went to see Ziggy Marley concert there last night & the music/entertainment was amazing!!  Okay - on to the rest... 1st of all the parking for this event was ridiculous! Only saw one staffer that finally closed a gate & was there to tell people to move on past a full parking lot, but all other areas were a ghost town with no direction, no communication on where else to park. We were all driving around like crazy people. You would think with the amount of money made from ticket sales, they would be able to afford to put a little more into an event like this. Guess not!?!   Let's head inside... only accepts cash at the outside bar - again ridiculous! Then when we moseyed on over to the inside bar (Radio Bar) - what horrible service, actually that's not all true because we never got service! We were patient, held out hand graciously, we tried just to say what we wanted in hopes that one of only 3 bartenders would pay attention, but there was blatant ignoring going on & we were in the front, on the bar... Needless to say - we decided that we would get faster service at our Home Bar inside our kitchen 35 minutes away - so we left & it was a great decision to finish with a nightcap on our couch talking about the evenings awesome Ziggy Marley Entertainment!  Fort McDowell Casino you have some work to do!!
1 Terrible.  I will not go back.  Received four different stories as to where my children could or couldn't be.  Security came to us when our kids were sitting well outside the casino area (in a restaurant seating area) and told us to leave.  Not worth it.  Won't go back even without the kids.  On top of the problems with the staff, the atmosphere was horrible.   Smoky and outright boring.  Good thing I'm heading to Las Vegas where they actually have places for your kids to play and it's exciting.
2 This place is a total dump, the dealers are all unfriendly, and it's laid out like shit.  Even the chips are creepy, they have pictures of random people on them. For this caliber of a casino, they should have some $5 blackjack tables on the weekends, but of course they don't. They don't even have back round music playing, not that I like any of the back round music that casinos play, but it makes it kind of awkward without. Don't waste your time driving all the way out here, it's definitely not worth it, the 2 stars are because I won $100 in 15 minutes on blackjack.
1 The second hand smoke is stuck in this casino from probably 5 years ago, horrible, horrible stemch!! The machines are standard and in the four times I have made the drive to FMc they have taken my money. I don't think  the drive is worth the residual smell of smoke on you and the empty wallet!! .
3 I was there Saturday night to see a cover band that I like, (Furious George-great band). The place is filled with smokers, which sucks if you are a non smoker,..and It takes days to get the smoke smell out of my hair...bleh...but the smokers have to go somewhere, and casinos must be the place! The bar area where the band plays is weird. Too much light with a deli off to the right of the dance floor! I can order a sandwich while dancing? Really? I guess most people aren't there for the band, so whatever, The bar staff was just ok, until you tipped them nicely, and then the service was bumped up a notch, I'm guessing they aren't usually tipped well. On the way out, I decided to lose $20.00 in a Sex & The City Slot, as I never win. Well, it was finally my LUCKY night, I won $200.00 in less than 10 minutes! I made my way through the smoke, got my money, and was out the door for a breath of fresh air. It's a long drive from Central Phoenix, but I'll be back.
4 While the place pales to Casino Arizona Talking Stick, Fort McDowell is a place I have grown accustomed to over the past five years and it is my casino of choice in Scottsdale.  I'm a poker player and I prefer FM over CA.  While Casino Arizona's Poker Room is Vegas-quality, I have never won there in a cash game or a tournament.  And I MEAN NEVER!!!  I also found the players there to be kind of rude.  The cash games at Fort McDowell are much more winnable.  They offer several decent bonuses for things liked Cracked Aces, Splash Pots and Bad Beat Jackpots.  The dealers and players are friendly (even though they are trying to take my money).  Fort McDowell is great for NLH tournaments.  They offer two a day (Casino Arizona only offers tournaments on Weekdays and a couple week nights).  They are all reasonable buy-ins and I have cashed in several and even took down first place  a few years ago.  I haven't played too many of the other games.  Slots and Video Poker haven't been much for me in terms of winning.  Ironically, the night I won the poker tournament, I hit a natural royal straight flush on video poker for another 50 bucks.  The restaurants are all pretty good and resonably priced.  The Sushiya Japanese restaurant is great.  The Red Rock buffet never has anything sensational, but there's usually one or two things on the buffet line that are quite good, like lamb or roast beef round.  If you are single and looking for women in black dresses and tight jeans, go to Casino Arizona Talking Stick.  If you just want to play Poker in an unpretentious environment, Fort McDowell is the place to go.
2 Of course, Fort McDowell casino does not compare to any of the better casinos in Las Vegas.  Unfortunately, it does not compare well with other Indian casinos anywhere either.  The biggest problems are: slots set to pay around 70% (exception: poker and keno slots pay much better, as they do everywhere); smoke problem has improved but is still very bad; food choices mediocre at best; not always clean.  Live blackjack is acceptable.  Bingo is crowded but typical.  Some people like the poker room.
2 Alright, I should start this review with a warning that I hate casinos, unless I'm in Vegas. However, I was dragged here by my family and only agreed to go because I was told of this really cool Coke machine they supposedly had. So after some negotiating, I agreed to go.  Thanks to the Coke machine, I was easily entertained the whole time I was there. This thing has just about every Coke product made in the USA (Coke, Sprite, Fanta, Dasani, Powerade etc.) and then around 5-7 flavors of each product. It was pretty cool. And I have to admit I tried more combinations than I could count.  Oh yeah, this review is about the casino. The moment I walked in the door, I felt like I needed a gas mask. I've been in many casinos and bars (and am usually not the one to complain of the person smoking next to me), but this one reeked of cigarettes. I thanked my family for poisoning me when we left.  The bingo room is huge, and people claim their spot long before bingo starts- these people are serious. And the buffet must be a popular hot spot here if it forms a line of people almost back to the entrance of the casino. Don't worry about getting a babysitter for the kids- they are welcome run around the place, too; apparently they don't card anybody here?  Obviously, I would have given this casino 1 star, but due to the sweet Coke machine, it gets upgraded to 2.
1 This place is disgusting! Not only does the entire casino smells of smoke, be prepared to shower and wash all your clothes once you get home. The bingo room was dirty and smoke filled the air....no ventilation anywhere& the people working behind the counter seemed uninterested in helping us.  The casino itself is no better. The machines are close together which make it difficult to walk around& again, its smokey.   The club card is a joke and the "free" $10 credits never worked! While other people in my party went on to gamble I was being ripped off & became irritated, leaving w/nothing but the smell of smoke stuck to my entire body. Hate this place & will never return.
1 What a joke! Got a mailer for 2 free nights here. Have called twice and left a message in the last week. No return call. Gimmick.....
1 What a shithole.  I came to watch some MMA fights in the parking lot of this sad establishment. The parking lot was a secret garden compared to the inside.  After a few cocktails by the ringside my girlfriends and I didn't want to use the port-a-potty so we went inside to use their restrooms. It was disgusting, everything was filthy and run down. There was a hallway you had to cross from the bingo room to the casino, the hallway wreaked of urine, like people had been pissing in there for years.  My buddy tried to get me some free stuff for my birthday from the casino and I told him to forget it, I didn't want to touch anything in there.   Never again.
5 I really cant believe all the negative posts about this place.  Here is the deal...I've been to Vegas more than a dozen times. I know that no place anywhere (even Reno or AC) can compare to the casinos there so I never went in with that expectation.    The place is smokey, no question about it.  I never walk into a casino thinking anything else, including the Vegas ones.  They had good happy hour and drink deals. $1 8 oz beers all the time which is pretty good anywhere.  We played pai gow and the dealers were friendly, knowledgable and pleasant. The tables were nicely felted and the chairs were clean and comfy.  We played video craps which really isn't bad at all. If you are a craps player it's not the same as having dice in your hand but still fun.    Not sure who reviewed the games, but their odds to win on video poker jacks or better are higher than many Vegas casinos.  8/5 at the quarter level and 9/6 at the dollar level.    The staff everywhere was courteous and friendly.  The buffet was small. The food was average but for $9 it really was fine.  Again if you are expecting Vegas buffets its not but Vegas buffets aren't $9 either.    We almost didn't go because of the negative reviews on this place but we are glad that we did.  Might actually go back again tonight.
1 No more $1 beers and lowered crown credits! Don't bother going to this shit hole. It has gone way downhill in the last few months. Machines are outdated and now my favorite quarter machines that actually have a bonus feature were changed to a penny denomination. Won't be back! Poor return for what your bet is. Virtually impossible to even win a little to keep playing. Take your business to Casino Arizona!
2 For starters, it is extremely poorly organized.  Whenever I go to a new casino, the first thing I do (before gambling) is sign up for the players club. Usually at a casino it is very easy to find. Not here. It was hidden in a back room of the casino, and I had to ask two staff members where it was before I finally found it. Second, at the main entrance (where I went in) I had to walk through the bingo room before reaching any slot machines.   Overall staff seemed friendly and helpful and overall provided excellent customer service. This is important because you will need them if you need to locate anything (like the players club or a restroom).  The casino is built in a very drab box structure, and I would describe this casino as "no thrills." The overall atmosphere consists of a very plain and uninteresting building with not that much to look at. To make matters worse, it was extremely smokey. Normally casinos have a ventilation system to handle the smoke problem. Not here. It was by far one of the smokiest casinos I have ever been to. You could  smell the smoke as soon as you entered the building.  The buffet was OK. The food was OK, the service was pretty good, and the menu options are very limited. The restrooms were pretty clean for the most part, but again, like everything else in this casino, were quite smokey.  In terms of fairness, I managed to win $10 using the $10 free play bonus I got for signing up. After playing it back I won another $10 and ended up using that to pay for my meal at the buffet. I therefore would classify their slots as relatively fair based on my first time gambling here.   This is the only casino in Arizona I have been to so far where you get 1 point per dollar spent. Usually it's 1 point per $5. This is much fairer, and matches the rules at the Vegas casinos. Each point entitles you to a comp of approximately one cent, so you get 1 cent per dollar played. This is probably the best thing about this casino.
2 I've been jonesing to play bingo since moving here so we checked out Fort McDowell last night. We got there 45 minutes before the games started & the place was completely packed - with a line 30 people deep to buy in. Apparently you have to get a player's card or else you'll only get 1/4 of the winnings. I was not interested in that nonsense. I was also not interested in standing in line for 30 minutes to sit in a smokey room. People take bingo here seriously - which is awesome, but I don't, so I felt strange. I don't have a mini back pack full of dobbers & come 2 hours early to secure 'my spot' in the bingo hall. We took a look around, looked at each other, headed out & got ice cream instead.
4 It's very smokey but I love the true non smoking section for bingo. Bingo is great here.
3 I love the bingo. Food service sucks  in the bingo hall. So if your hungry eat before you come or get food before you start playing .
3 Let me start off by saying my review is only to discuss Lunar Bingo nights, because I really haven't explored much else of the casino. Fort McDowell is easy to find (once you are on the 87N) with the big flashy signs for miles. This casino is smoky for sure but there are non-smoking rooms in the bingo lounge. The lounge is really large and has a little diner where you can order food, which actually isn't half bad.   Lunar Bingo nights are really fun and start at midnight. I would suggest getting there around 10:30PM, because it can get really packed and not many seats are available if you come late. Also, it is pretty loud inside because DJ's come and play really loud (but great music!). For lunar bingo, prices are really cheap for games (around $9 a pack) and an extra $1-2 for the extra games. Drinks are also cheap ($2 beers). I usually try to come with a bunch of people because it really is a fun time. People walk around with glow sticks, because lunar bingo is with the lights off so it's fun to wear the glow sticks and play fun variations of bingo. Cash prizes are nice (anywhere from $200-$500) for payout/game. They also do a raffle.  For lunar bingo, this place is fun and I have always enjoyed myself. Just walking through the casino, it's pretty basic and smoky. Overall, not the best I've been to but it works for what it is.
2 I like playing blackjack here from time to time, but this place is really smokey.  When I get home, I smell like smoke and usually wake up the next day with junk in my lungs.  Besides the steakhouse, the food options here are not very good. I usually eat before coming here.  I do like to come here for the Bad Boy Fights that they have every month or two.  Those are always a lot of fun.  Return Factor - 50%
2 Free soda beverages which is nice, but that was the only real positive I experienced here.  Was incredibly smokey inside (even for a casino) and coming home doused in smoke wasn't too pleasant.    Another minor annoyance was upon sighing up for the awards program, which we were generously given $10 of free slot play, were only to be used on certain crown-marked slot machines.  These machines were few and far between and usually were being utilized by people who didn't appear to be stepping any time soon.   Overall, probably my least favorite casino Ive visited in the Phoenix-area.  I wont sat I wont ever go back, but I wont be making the trip out there any time soon.
3 We came to blow some time and we did that. It was nice to get the free $10 for signing up for our first visit but there were long lines to buy beer and to play any slot machines. The smoke free area was very nice and quiet but the rest of the area was a smoke haven for sure.
3 We have driven by this place a few times, and has always said we need to try this place out! Well! We could have waited longer. Parking and Valet were very convenient, valet were very courteous. So we signed up for their rewards card, so we were given ten dollars game credit! But the catch is, you are only allowed to use it on game with a crown! First you have to go out and look for the marked games, and then hope no one is using the game! So I just said screw it and played games I can find! One problem I have noticed with the Arizona Casinos, they are to small and games are always full! Always have to wait for someone to finish! Casino is very smokey, and only have a very small smoke free zone. Overall we did have a good time, since we won money!! Of course that's going to make it better. But I would rather go to other casinos before returning here.
3 This review is not necessarily for the Casino itself, but for the Red Rock Buffett inside the casino. First off, the casino is VERY smokey and smells super bad. Good thing it isn't a very long walk to the buffett. Now, the buffett itself, YUMMY! We go for the snow crab legs on Friday evenings and most often times, they have been pretty darn good! This last time, Friday 3/1/13, they were less than mediocre. The first batch that came out that we had was very wet and soggy. They seemed like they were actually boiled rather than steamed. The second batch to come out was really pretty good though. Very sweet and not soggy. The other thing i love from there are the mashed potatoes (when I eat them) They are made with REAL potatoes and not the flakes or whatever. They actually have lumps! lol All in all, this is a pretty good buffett for the price of $15 per person (not including a drink) If you have a players card, you save $5.00. It;s not much but hey, its something! I definitley recommend the Red Rock Buffet
1 This place is beyond gross. It's sad and pathetic, with sad and pathetic people gambling away money they clearly cannot afford to gamble away.   Our group was given $10 vouchers from the Yelp party we had gone to, which at first seems pretty damn rad! No. It's not.  The voucher must be redeemed by becoming a member of the nast-tastic casino. And of course, they put the redemption desk in some far off corner at the end of the maze that is this murky, foul smelling bed of sin.   After waiting ten minutes in a line of interminable length all while standing next to chain-smoking slots players, we decided these vouchers were simply not worth the ruin our souls would become by standing there any longer.   For the thirty minutes I was stuck in this hell hole, I was ogled and gawked at by disgusting men with huge bellies and no teeth, I brushed up against women (I think they were women) not wearing bras, their teats hanging to their knees, I inhaled so much stale cigarette smoke that I'm sure it took time off my life and waited in a drink line for a soda that took so long that I didn't even move up a foot.   I can't express to you completely how unfortunate this whole place is. Maybe some people can come here, block out all the people and the smell and sit down to win some money, but I can't. I was so overwhelmed by the sad state of humanity here that I wanted to go home and scrub myself in a scalding hot shower.
2 I'm going to make it very clear from the start: the only reason this place is getting more than one star is because of the sushi bar, which was better than expected.  I guess I should also make it clear that I'm not the biggest fan of casinos. There are, in my opinion, better ways for me to spend my time/money so I tend to avoid them. And really, the only reason I ended up going to Fort McDowell was because they handed out vouchers at the last Yelp party.  The Good: They have a little sushi bar near the poker room and the player's club counter. I ended up getting a roll with shrimp tempura, cream cheese, and fresh jalapenos on top and it was pretty good. By no means the best sushi I've had, but definitely not the worst.  Also, if you sign up for the player's club you end up getting $10 for slots, which was nice.  The Bad: Honestly? There are quite a few things wrong with this place.   First off, and this is my biggest gripe, if you have ANY sensitivity to smoke, stay away. Between the terrible ventilation and the insane amount of people chain smoking, it's nearly impossible to breathe at times and more than once I had to step outside to get a few lungfuls of tobacco free air.   Second, this place is a maze and hardly anything is clearly marked. It took me ten minutes to find the player's club to redeem my voucher, five minutes to find a restroom at one point, and got turned around twice while trying to head out. The only saving grace is that it's made ridiculously clear where the bingo room (one of the few places that doesn't absolutely reek) is if you're fairly close to it.  Third, if you have promo points of any kind you have to find the proper machines (which are few and far between) and then transfer the points you want to play over to the machine. Honestly, that second part wouldn't be such a problem for me if it weren't for the fact that it seemed like half of the eligible machines aren't set up for point transfers.   The Ugly: I'm generally not the type to go on about places having good or bad vibes, but this place is just sad. From the outside it just looks like a metal box. The bingo room looks like a high school cafeteria. All the other rooms are super dim (minus the light emanating from the machines) and crazy loud. There is nothing happy or welcoming about this place.  On top of this, I couldn't help feeling a little uncomfortable being (what felt like, at least) the only person in the building under the age of 30 who wasn't an employee, though that could have just been the fact that it's a Sunday afternoon during snowbird season.  TL;DR: There are better casinos in the Valley. Go to one of them instead and don't bother wasting your time with this one. Especially if you value your ability to breathe.
1 Someone recently asked me what I thought of Fort McDowell Casino.   Bleccch!  Was my first thoughts. My second was bring a gas mask.  Yes, it's that bad.  It's like you're back in the 1960s with the blue smoke haze.    Over the years I attended conferences in LVS, Atlantic City, London, et cetera. This Casino is sadly the bottom rung and I'm up over $200 here on the one dollar slots!  The only Casino that may be in the same poor state of condition would be the Cliff Castle Casino in Camp Verde.  But that one is more amusement park with slots, then a Casino.  They also have a bowling alley, Kid Quest and a bunch of other stuff going on.  BTW, their Storyteller's Steakhouse isn't bad.  So why come here, when you have a Four Star experience at Talking Stick neaby? Looking at the other Yelp'ers who have given Fort McDowell Casino One and Two Stars, I believe Andrea nailed it.  "This place is beyond gross. It's sad and pathetic, with sad and pathetic people gambling away money they clearly cannot afford to gamble away. "  Of course Monique summed it up nicely, too. LOL  So, One Star "Eek! Methinks not."
2 There is nothing really special or outstanding about this casino. If you want the flashy places, you can always go to Wild Pass. The Bingo room is huge and it seems almost bigger than the entire casino itself which is small and crammed. They only had about four tables open on a Saturday afternoon, but most people were at one of the three bars or trolling away at the slot machines. There was a buffet, deli and one or two other nicer restaurants, but nothing showy. Perhaps the best part is that when you sign up for the Fortune Club, you get $10 in free slot play, which enabled me to escape the casino with 7 bucks on the positive side. Slots do seem loose as friend won $60 bucks in about 10 minutes on one of the old school slots in the non-smoking section. Not a destination casino, but if your visiting Fountain Hills like we were, its worth a stop to get that free slot play.
1 No, no, no, no, NO. Do NOT come here. I wish i could give it half a star. This place is outdated, gross, and depressing. Drive the extra couple of miles to Talking Stick. If I never go here again....it will be too soon.
3 I am not a whole lot into gambling, but went to have the buffet with a motorcycle riding group.  They were supposed to have a very large table reserved for us, but when we arrived, they made everyone sit in groups of 4 or 5.  I was the last one in and was going to have to sit by myself, so I went out onto the gambling floor and wandered around.  Each time I spoke to one of the casino workers, I felt as if they could care less if I was there to spend money.  So, after about 1/2 hour, I left.  This place is hugely popular, I will say.  Very crowded.
1 I should of know but its never going to change. Casinos will always be filled with smokers. But this casinos takes the cake. I mean it hits you hard as soon as you walk in!!! At least in Vegas they have fresh oxygen pumping into the floor. Here you cant even breathe. The hotel in the other hand is awesome! Super clean, friendly staff, nice pool, and good rooms.
3 First time I played bingo at in Arizona. I like how the smoking and non smoking rooms are separated, they have a casino shuttle, and there is a Radisson hotel next door. The bad part of the casino are the location is very far out in no where, and the food service and food for the bingo players is okay.
1 In a word - Dump.   From the second you walk in this place you are greeted by the nauseating oder of cigarette smoke, assuming your able to see through the smoke the next thing you will notice is this casinos horrid decor.  The Fort McDowell instantly makes you feel like your walked right into 1982. From the wood trim everywhere to the harsh bright colors this place is decorated with, everything about it exemplifies ugly and outdated. Just spending an hour in this place made me feel like I needed to re evaluate my life.   The thing that secured the 1 star they earned from me, THEY DONT HAVE WIFI. Wireless service (Att, Verizon) does not work here. Probably because it's in the middle of nowhere and the signals can't penetrate the building. It's 2014, what business doesn't have wifi? If you expect me to be in your establishment for hours, why must I be cut off from the modern world in order to do so?  Anyway, with casinos like Talking Stick among others that offer a modern, sexy experience, I'd never come back to the Fort McDowell.
1 Yuck!  This place needs to blown up and rebuilt.  Cigarette smoke and dirty chairs throughout the casino.  They usually only have one bar open with one bartender so expect to wait in line!  So many nice casino's in the valley, don't bother with the Fort
3 I have to agree with other reviewers that this is an older, run down and extremely smoky casino.  We got our players cards along with $10 free play which I was able to turn into over $100 so I didn't spend any of my own stash but played on them all night and even took money home.  The Buffet was closed so we went to the coffee shop for the $7.99 strip steak special.  It was surprisingly excellent.  The following night our AZ friends took us back there for the special $8.99 Prime Rib Buffet and it was just okay for the price.
4 I have been going here for years, and it is by far ny favorite casino.   I am a smoker, so it doesn't bother me so much, but I agree they could use better ventilation.   The decor does need to be updated,  but as far as gaming, this casino has a better selection of slots than any of the others.  I have won at bingo and the slots plenty of times.  I would love to see them build a new casino on their property and keep the other one open until a new one was built.
3 This review is mostly for the pow wow and buffet, as I only went into the casino to eat. I recommend this three day event if you can make it next year. They had a really good food court area with homemade treats, including of course, fry bread. The dances were going on all evening, and there was authentic American Indian arts and crafts for sale. There was a Kona Ice stand as well as some of the best kettle corn I have ever had. Prices were very reasonable and the event to get in was free!  It was remarkable to see the obvious hundreds of hours that went into the dancer's costumes. I felt really welcome as everyone was so friendly. Later, when I went into the casino and I was bummed that there is no wifi! huh? Of course there was also no cell service inside the casino as well until I walked a good 200 feet outside of the casino. The place is very smoky, not what I'd call Circus Circus in Las Vegas smoky, but it was pretty bad. This even after I saw numerous signs saying, "Thank you for not smoking," huh?? It took me awhile to find the buffet as things are more than disorganized.  You're not going to get the best quality crab legs here but they are pretty good nonetheless for 15.99 all you can eat. I believe it's cheaper on certain days of the week. The buffet seating area looks kind of depressing and blocky, I'm surprised people aren't running into each other all of the time. Everything was surprisingly pretty good based on what I was expecting. The salad was green and fresh, workers hovered to make sure everything was kept clean, the seafood was fresh and not fishy, and the desserts were pretty decent. I think if I were to actually do any gambling, which I don't, I would at least travel a few more miles down the road to Talking Stick.
2 Didn't gamble here as I'm tight about kissing my money away and... didn't want to get lung cancer from the heavy 2nd hand smoke. And, I was worried about this as I was sitting in non-smoking section the entire hour! STAFF: please invest in better ventilation - you are killing ppl and making them smell bad!!  Yes, other reviews are pretty spot-on: aged, heavy smoke, etc. Overall, I felt pretty depressed and stinky in there.  Their sashimi at their Sushi bar was fresh and delicious though, I must say! Had Seafood Soup and it was probably a 2/5. Lacked solid seasoning and seafood was rather rubbery.  I showered when I got home. Not trying to be a jerk, just giving you #rawtruth. :)
2 This casino is really outdated and in need of some major revamping.  It's quite a shame considering that the Radisson that's adjacent to the casino actually is a lovely place.  Considering the many other new and modern casinos that exist in the Phoenix metro area, this place doesn't really seem to be much of a destination except maybe for locals or people looking only to gamble and who don't care about overall ambiance.  I would opt for any other Phoenix area casino before coming to this place.
2 TOO MUCH SMOKE IN THE POKER ROOM....Poker room is too small and lame.  There is too much smoke drifting in from the slot area
3 Being it's within minutes of my house and I felt lucky, I figured why not go try my luck.   My 1st impression from the outside, it looks decent, my second impression upon walking in,  the smell of SMOKE. 2nd hand smoke galore.... If you like 80 year old's with oxygen tanks lighting up right next to you this may be your spot. It's somewhat dated and could use an update or 2, but not a bad lil hole in the wall casino if you can hack the smoke long enough. Slots right weren't overly loose, I did manage to scrap a away some schillings from the table games, nothing to retire on but, better then donating.   Be sure to get a Players card if it's your 1st time as you get 10.00 and a lifetime of spam mail from them.  I'm sure I'll return being it's so close, but I won't wear Sundays best as it's bound to get a smoky odor and holes in my pockets...
5 A great place to relax or play.  Great food and very friendly people. From the moment I walked in, I was treated very nice. I loved the hospitality.  The food was great and I didn't go broke.  :-)
