5 My neighborhood Hardware Store.  Man, could they be more helpful or attentive?!  I feel like I've walked onto the Pleasantville Movie Set every time I walk in the store!    Very helpful, courtious, pleasant (O there's that word again) days-gone-by service, lemme tell ya!  Even if I just want and purchase a light bulb, they make you feel like you dropped a grand.  (VIP)  where eles do you actually get that???
1 These guys wasted a lot of my time today. First, I called to check to see if they had a certain part. They said they did, I asked a follow up question, they went to double check and came back and said they had it. I drive there, they dont have it, haven't carried. We talk to the manager, David, he says oops sorry. He offers to special order it. We ask for a 10% discount, he says no. We tell him we will never go back and he says I understand and I am sorry but there is nothing I can do.
5 They have almost anything you would want from nuts and bolts to yard maintenance supplies. Everything you need to maintain a home. The staff is friendly and help you find whatb you need. I couldn't recommend them more highly. They also have a full line of rental equipment for almost any home repair project you could imagine. Try it you'll love it!
2 It's a hardware store.  AKA a toy store for big boys.  I like the fact they sell Craftsman Tools, but I did find the store employee a lot less than happy that there was a customer in the store. I was asked if I needed some help, when I said what I was looking for, I was given a rather gruff answer as to what Isle it was in.  I did find it, and made a purchase, where the cashier answered a phone call prior to checking me out, guess the phone was a priorty over a customer.  I'll be back only because my experiance at the "other" Ace Hardware store is even worse.  And since Ace Incorporated can only say, they are a franchisee there's not much we can do, which I know is not accurate.
4 The employees here were extremely helpful and very nice. They helped me find exactly what I was looking for and very quickly at that. I definitely recommend this Ace for anything and everything you may need.
5 Most helpful store I have ever been to!!  They greet you when you walk in and guide you to wherever you need to be.  Thanks Ace!!!
