5 This has to be the most honest and reliable shop around. I live in the southwest valley and drive all the way here, just to get my car serviced. I had the dealer try to charge me $1200 for a new computer system in my car, I brought it to this place and he was able to troubleshoot the problem to a loose wire. He didn't even charge me to fix it. Since then I have brought my car to this place and would recommend this shop to anyone who is looking for an honest mechanic.  So far I have had to replace a hose for power steering. They also was able to find the replacement part cheaper than I could get anywhere else. The only down side is they dont have a fancy lobby if you have to wait for your car. I would recommend someone picking you up.
5 I am always amazed at the service that is provided at this shop! We have been using the services from Robert for the last 8 years and never regretted it! He always is honest about the services needed and does not nickel and dime you. He has saved my family numerous times with break downs and once his wife even picked up my husband and infant daughter when the car broke down on the freeway. Amazing help and service. I would recommend to anyone!
5 I had an issue with my 2008 Honda that was driving me nuts and I decided to take it to Youngtown Care Care.  They diagnosed it quickly and the service was excellent.  The prices are very affordable as well. It was nice finding someone professional and honest. I will be taking all of my cars here from now on.
5 This time I needed a major repair done on my 2001 Chrysler van.  My rack and pinion was leaking badly on both sides.  Everything I found online said the repairs could be anywhere from 900-1500 dollars.  Well I took it to Youngtown Car Care because of the great work they did on my Honda recently.  When all was said and done, the bill was just over $750 which was much lower than I was expecting. The van runs great now with out all the shaking and it does not pull to the right any longer. The owners are great and they do excellent work.  I recommend them to all my friends and I will continue to bring them all of my business.
5 Ive been calling around for a diagnostic on my Chrysler and they have so far been the cheapest at $50.00 everywhere else 65 & above im taking it in today hopefully I can get a good deal  im giving it 5 stars on diagnostics we will see after they are done  how everything turns out ill keep everyone posted.
5 Had diagnostic done they said it would be $50.00 for them to tell me what was wrong with my car unfortunately I didnt have it fixed at the shop so I went to pick up my car and they waived the $50.00 fee very nice customer service and kept me up to date with my car. I would recommend them.
