1 If you don't have $5000 cash don't even waste your time going here and that wont even get you a decent car.
5 I had serious problemed credit. I had been to the "Joe-Blow" places on Van Buren and all of them laughed at me. I came here thinking they were going to laugh at me too. I told them about all my problems - you name it, I have it on my credit. They took about 10 minutes and approved me! I was approved for any car on the lot. I walked out of their store in about 2 hours with an amazing newer truck and less than $500 out of pocket. They stuck with my payment plan of what I could afford. They were really nice.
5 Let me start off by saying my husband and I had been in the market of getting a new car since ours was on it's last legs. We came to Drivetime hoping to catch a deal and boy did we! We met with Claudette Bennett who was the sweetest person ever! She was straight up and honest with us w/ no problems at all. They were very thorough and helped up every step of the way. They explained the payments to us and have a promo for every person you can referral. Claudette went over the vehicle's history and helped us set up auto payments. I will say the only issue we had was the truck battery not being charged when we were on our way for a test drive which was ok. They did charge the battery and we were off. The vehicle was flawless no scratches, decent miles and the price was awesome! When we were sold on the vehicle we sat w/ James the general manager who was just as awesome! He let us know that if for any reason there was an issue w/ the battery, we were to call him and he would rectify it. Once the deal was said and done we got home and low and behold the battery was giving us issues. My husband called James and he said he would call us on Monday w/ the time so that we were able to get a battery. My husband met w/ him Monday and we got a new battery easy peasy. It was such a pleasure dealing w/ them and we look foward to working w/ them again!!! Best experience ever!
