3 The exterior looks a bit shady. It's just an old gas station with a chain link fence set up around it. I half expected to see the merch that "fell off the truck" sold from the trunk of a car.  But no, it's all new, and in their somewhat dog-eared boxes. The showroom is simply the convenience store part of the gas station, stacked floor-to-ceiling with speakers, amps, stereos, and the like.  It's the kind of atmosphere that says, "these folks are willing to deal," and they did. We pawed through the goods, and made a nice stack of stuff we were interested in.   We did not get the hard sell, but the guy was available when we had questions. He was very knowledgeable about his products, didn't try to oversell, nor was he condescending -- all the qualities I look for in a salesman.  In the end, I think we got a fair deal for some quality components. Since we chose to do it ourselves, I have no experience with their installations, which, judging by all the folks waiting for their cars to be done, seems to be their actual bread and butter.   My only issue with the place is that their hours are rather random. Getting someone on the phone, or catching them open seems to be a hit or miss affair.
3 Although the install bay area looks a bit run down (its a former a gas station), I had a good experience with having a Python 460 Max Alarm & a  Directed Zone Sensor installed on my Honda. Jeremy the installation tech, appeared to be an experienced, and well informed. I had the alarm system settings adjusted about a week after the install, and received good service.
5 This place is wonderful. Went in with $500 and came out with 2 12 inch subs, an amp, a deck and speakers that they upgraded for free. They even gave me a free auxiliary cord. The service was great. Not like a big chain store to screw you. They worked with me and went down on prices to fit my budget. Definitely will return here. Came with a 1 year warranty and a one week tune up.
5 Arizona Sound is by far the best place to go for audio and alarm systems. We have had them do five of our vehicles and have been happy with every aspect. You will not find better customer service, they always strive to go above and beyond!!
5 Great service at a great price. Much rather support these guys and get good service than run the risk of going to Best Buy. These guys really care that you are satisfied with your purchase and want to make sure you come back if you need anything else. I would recommend this shop to any of my friends!
4 This is a review just on talking to them, I didn't buy anything yet, but still might.  I'll revise the review if they do an install for me.  I had a good talk with their installer, who really listened to my needs and what I wanted to do.  He was helpful and engaged, unlike all the other places I've visited in the last few days trying to get a new head unit for my Jeep.  They promised to research my questions with the manufacturer and get back to me, which is far more than anyone else was willing to do.  It's a small shop in an old gas station, but the stock is pretty huge, including lots of install supplies.  I would recommend a visit.
4 I had them install systems in 3 different cars ive owned including the current one . .as far as price of installation they cannot be beat . .on my last install i supplied the components but needed wiring, harmess etc from them . . .they installed 2 amps, cap, 1 12" woofer, 2 mids, 2 highs and 2 tweeters for around 500 bucks, Sun Valley stereo quoted me 1200 bucks for the same install!  The only reason i didnt give them 5 stars is because i paid for the switch to override the TV cutoff when car is in drive and they forgot to install it.(he gave me credit) Lupe and her husband are nice people and i recommend them to anyone with a budget. If i didnt move from AZ they would be my stereo people 4 good!
5 EASILY the best place to get anything electronic fixed in your car in Arizona. They are fast, cheap, nice, and friendly. Plenty of options to choose from so they have very flexible prices. They have given me Speakers and systems for both my car and both of my siblings car. There AWESOME! Don't see anyone else go see Arizona sound !
