5 Michael came out today and he was great! Our patio door was a bear to open and he put new hardware on and voila! It seriously opens with 1 finger. He was quick, affordable, knowledgeable and very nice. Scheduling was easy and the office staff was kind. A+!
5 We found these guys online and they offered to come out and give us a free, no-obligation estimate.  Their technician, Michael, was definitely on-time, took a quick look at the door, immediately knew what the problem was, and told me he could fix it in 15 minutes fr WAY less than I had planned for.   This company is GREAT.  The door was fixed, as promised in less than 15 minutes after he arrived, it works better than it did when it was new...I can literally open it with one finger, it slides so easily, and it was EASY to get done. I couldn't be happier-and recommend them HIGHLY if you have sliding glass door, screen or sunscreen issues.  Obviously, honest, reliable, clean, quick, timely, and the price was more than fair.
5 They fixed my patio door that I thought was a lost cause. Very fast and works great now.
5 Michael is a patio door guru.  Our door was so heavy and slow that we dreaded going outside, or inside, Stuck between the icy cold interior and the surface-of-the-sun exterior, we called on All patio Doors.  Within 15-20 minutes Michael changed the door's ball bearings, did some other voodoo magic, and voila, we have a door as smooth as butta.  No new door was required - take that all of you competitors!  Kudos to Michael.
5 Michael just left. This company is great. I ordered 4 small sun screens for my front door. OMG, what a difference, especially with the heat starting. I also got a new screen for a window and a new sliding patio screen. They were here on time and did a great job. They even had to make modifications to the handle on the screen door. I would definitely recommend them. Other companies will do this stuff on the spot, big deal if you have to wait a week for quality. They were also cheaper than the other companies I looked into. I wiill be using them again.
5 As with the others, Michael and his helper did a great job on my sliding glass door and it now works better than new. They showed up a little outside of the promised time "window" but he did call to let me know where they were and when they'd be there. Got straight to work, were very personable, and I was comfortable with the price paid...a whole lot cheaper than replacing the door (which had been suggested by another company).
5 Came to Yelp, and read the reviews. They came to give free estimate very quickly. And, like all the reviews said, they were outstanding!  Less expensive than the other estimate that I received, and they did the job while on site. Very professional, and the the result of their repairs is terrific!
1 If you are thinking of using this company, my personal experience with them is not good. I called and made an appointment for them to come out and give me a free estimate to replace my patio doors. They never showed up for the appointment nor did they call to cancel or reschedule. They just blew us off after we had wasted two hours of our day waiting for them to come at the appointed time. Any company that treats potential customers this way do not deserve new business.
5 Wow...absolute professionals, courteous, speedy, amazing quality at the best price. Use these guys, period.
4 Excellent work, prices and customer service. My new patio door is beautiful. Definitely going to call them back for my next project.
5 Not only fixed our patio door but quite possibly saved my marriage. On time and affordable.
1 Had a scheduled appt for these guys to come out and fix patio door-no show-no call-didn't return my call. Tells me they are independently wealthy and don't need new business.  Advice to everyone, Pass on this one when looking
1 Stay away! After paying a $100 down payment, and being told it would be 2 weeks, I was forgotten. I sent emails and left phone messages which weren't returned. After finding the number they called from to make original appointment, somebody answered. It had now been 2 weeks but was told factory was behind and they would call the next Monday. By Tuesday night, they still hadn't called. I called again and they said someone would be here Friday. Well it's past the appt time, nobody has called and nobody answers their phone. I'm pretty sure I am out $100 but we will continue to persue this.
2 I did finally get the work done on 4/28, but I never did get any calls back from them, I made all the calls. No complaints on the work though, my door works great now. I really don't like that I never once had a call returned from them,  so I don't know if I would recommend them to anybody else.
