5 I just received my chairs back from Giovanni, and I couldn't be happier. I had two mid century arm chair reupholstered. His service from beginning to end was very professional and I will be using him again in the future. One thing that I really liked is that pick up and delivery are included with his services. I own my own business and with my crazy schedule this was a huge help. Highly Recommended!
5 In this re-use, re-cycle world you will not go wrong with Giovanni!  Amazing craftsmanship!  They did what they said they'd do when they actually said they'd do it.  They came when they said they would.  Their work was exemplary.  Don't go buy that cheap model home furniture even though the price seems tempting.  Let Giovanni repair and reupholster your sturdy stuff.  You'll be glad you did!
5 In January (when I was in AZ last) I brought my dining room chairs to Giovanni. He offered to come get them the next day, but I was anxious to get them started as I was in town for a limited amount of time. I mentioned to Giovanni how important it was to me that they were done on time, as this is a vacation rental and I had to have them in place for the next guest before I left town. The chairs were back two days earlier then promised and they were delivered.   The work was outstanding. The folds were all exactly the same size and in the same location on each chair. It looked like it was done by a machine, not by hand because it was so precise. The fabric (pleather) was tight and still is. He also refilled them with a very dense foam and that is holding up beautifully.  I highly recommend them to yelp users and have personally recommended them to friends.
5 Giovanni repaired a sofa for us, as well as 4 patio chairs. The sofa was done really quickly, as he knew we needed it to sit and the chairs came back in less time than he originally estimated. The work was great in addition to professional. I would totally recommend supporting this local business!
5 I found Giovanni's through a quick Google search and I am so glad I did! Giovanni upholstered a headboard for my boyfriend and I and we absolutely could not be happier with the finished product. His prices were reasonable and he was always quick to return an email or phone call. A year ago we had another headboard upholstered by a different company and were less than thrilled with their lack of professionalism and the quality of the product. Giovanni blew the other company out of the water. I was so happy when the headboard was delivered that I cried. (Overly emotional Interior Design student? Perhaps.) My only regret was that I didn't find Giovanni a year earlier so he could do our other headboard.
5 I searched online for an upholstery business and after reading some other reviews, I realized I had found the best of the best!  I had 4 dining chairs and 2 matching bar chairs reupholstered and I could not have been happier with them.  Giovanni suggested adding a nice edge to the seat, which was not there to begin with, a firmer thicker pad and so now they are even nicer than when I purchased them in the first place.  I was amazed at the meticulous work he did on them and would use Giovanni's again!  He was on time to pick them up, had them finished a day before he said they would be done and we were very impressed over the whole experience. I will continue to use Giovanni's for future upholstering.
5 Giovanni ReUpholstered my Grandfathers easy chair in Leather and what a Great Service he provides..And Amazing workmanship..Perfect..Then he ReUpholstered a Old Rocking Chair of my Grandparents, the fabric selections are great and the Chair is Just Beautiful. I am SO GLAD TO HAVE FOUND Giovanni's...You will be Very Happy with the results..I will recommend this Business to Everyone.  Thank you Giovanni, Jean S.
5 I asked Giovanni to releather a very expensive European chair made by Mikael Laursen.  The quality of workmanship was second to none, excellent service, short wait time, and good pricing.  I am a very happy customer!
