3 I hate going threw the drive-thru is "charles" is the one working the window. He creeps me out. Plus when he is at the window it seems to take FOREVER Other than that I am addicted. I am here atleast once a day and usually the people know my order without even having to say anything!
4 This Starbucks is located on a busy street, on a busy corner in Tempe. There are plenty of places to sit outside but who wants to in AZ in the summer right?  The weekend we were there, the women's restroom had plugged up in a an ugly way but no worries, I tend ot use either one if I have to go so I popped into the men's.  The place was clean (besides the toilet) very cool and even better, the staff was very cool. It's nice to get your regular drink at a Starbucks and it tastes as good as it does at your fave Starbucks in San Diego...thanks ladies!
1 I use this location since it is so close to work. However,  I will no longer be using this location any longer. I have given the store many chances to make up for slow service.  I typically use the drive thru. I always have a long wait, Friday was the last time I was there and I waited for 10 minutes. I will use the coffee shop across the street (Dunkin Donuts) for now on. The coffee is just as good and they are extremely fast.
4 Being from out of town and getting in at 3 am. I was so glad to find a Starbucks close to the hotel. Just a short walk away and I was enjoying good coffee and light breakfast items. The only problem is I had to get dressed and make myself semi-presentable.   If you have ever had coffee made from those little 4 cup coffee pots in hotels you would be looking for another venue for coffee too. I have learned that if you are stuck in that type of situation make sure you have some Via with you and add it to the pot. It helps big time.
5 This is a Starbucks location close to home that has a Drive-Thru. It can be a bit awkward if you come from the side of McKellips since it curves to the left if you're ordering coffee via Drive-Thru.   Parking lot here is a bit small but usually never have any problems. I haven't had any major issues with my drink orders here; however sometimes it can take a bit longer during the AM hours than the evenings.   Free WIFI and there's also patio seating.
4 These guys are super cool. Fast and friendly, and my dog wants it noted they give out awesome dog treats to dogs, whtether they are behaving or not.
4 In and out quick, with hot coffee. Friendly staff. Good Starbucks.
1 Slow and understaffed.  Looked past me and took known guy behind
4 A great place to meetup for Coffee and Patries.  It's located right on the border of Scottsdale and Tempe, so it's convenient when I setup quick meetings with clients and colleagues.  I'm a pretty boring Coffee drinker....99% of the time, I'll order Coffee and drink it black.  On rare occasions I will try something else.  It's a Starbucks.  The Coffee and food is consistent with all of the others I've been to.  Service here is good as well.  Return Factor - 80%
4 Great location, friendly staff and your typical Starbucks drinks. I don't drink a lot of coffee so I usually have tea and you can't really go wrong with tea :)   Mostly female staff in the morning and they are all very nice  Not very packed as well makes for fast service
1 The patio is right next to a bus stop and also right next to four lanes of loud traffic. Not sure which is worse, but bus people might take the cake and that includes random homeless dudes shuffling through the garbage while you attempt to enjoy coffee. This location is doomed if your looking for the outdoor Starbucks experience.
4 Great location in South Scottsdale near Tempe, friendly staff and you don't have to wait over 5 minutes for your drinks.  They do have a drive-thru lane if you don't want to get out of your car during hot summer weather or cold winter weather.  Sometimes you might not be able to enter the store from Scottsdale Rd. as there's a bus stop right next to the entrance.  Overall a great location in Scottsdale.
3 Very friendly staff, clean restaurant and bathrooms and super drinks! I guess that's why it is always busy at this location.  Check it out but don't sit on the leather chairs, they are reserved for me...lol!
5 I love this place I always get the iced caramel macchiato it's amazing I'm actually a Starbucks junkie lol
