3 No Round Table Pizza in AZ!!!  I was a big fun and I still miss their pizza a lot.  Domino is okay but not enough toppings and sometimes they forget to put on 1 or 2 toppings.   I only buy on Tuesday,  buy one large pizza get one free.  It's a deal.
3 It is fun ordering your pizza online and watch what stages your order is at.  =)  I was too lazy to cook dinner and I just felt like pizza today.  I have not had Domino's in ages.  They commericals on TV got me thinking about their pizza (I guess it worked on me).    The ordered my pizzas online with the Tuesday coupon (Buy 1 large pizza and get 1 large free).  It is a good deal compared to the other coupons.  The pizza was here about 35 mins.  They looked good, smelled good, and tasted pretty good.  The toppings were kind of the light side.
2 The service was fantastic but my order was very lackluster. I ordered wings due to the hoopla they're making over the new recipe. The skin was soggy due to it being over-sauced or maybe that's just an error on the part of it being cooked. Since there was so much sauce I couldn't taste the "new recipe". I guess Domino's still hasn't gotten it right on their wings or it's just this Domino's.
4 The pizza from this location is consistent and predictable.  Probably not going to win any gourmet prizes, but it is hot, tasty and delivered timely.  I don't know who is looking for more toppings - we've never noticed that to be a problem at this store.  The price is very fair and who couldn't love the website?  So much better than phoning it in.
3 My ultimate Go-To if I'm feeling lazy and don't want to cook dinner. Try ordering a pizza with white sauce, chicken and parmesan-asiago topping. Delivery is fast and you can order online with coupons! The delivery people are always super friendly.
5 This review isn't necessarily for the food...we've always found it consistent, and we keep ordering it, so we obviously enjoy it.    This is mainly for the manager, Robin.  Last week, we had a problem with a delivery, and when I called to speak to someone about it, he took care of it immediately.  As well as taking care of me this week.  This is first-rate customer service.  We are good customers (especially during football season), and will continue to be.    Thank you, again!  By the way, everything was as delicious as it always is.
5 I order from this location frequently.  Their food is consistently good, their delivery drivers courteous, but what really makes this place is their customer service.  They forgot one topping on a pizza on one order. It was a simple mistake, but when I contacted the manager, I was treated more than fairly with a sincere apology and a sizeable credit on my next order.  This is one place where good customer service still exists and I appreciate that.
5 I would just like to say how impressed I am with the outstanding customer I received. Not only did the store fix the problem from the order the night before, they brought lunch for everyone. WOW.  Thank you very much management team for your excellent communication and thanks Brandon for explaining what had happened the night before.  Customer 4 Life!
5 I have always favored Dominoes Pizza over the rest because of the seasoned crust. I usually hate the crust, but when I tried Dominoes it was the first time I have ever enjoyed eating it!!! My favorite pizza is light cheese, extra robust sauce, triple pepperoni, triple tomatoes, and feta cheese!!! Also Robin, the manager, is great to work with when you have a problem!!! If I could give more stars, I would!!!
5 I always get good service with delivery. One time it took a little longer but they provided me with a free soda. The pizza always tastes great.
