5 Please call Tom  Baumgartner ( 602 269 5550 ) at Dircks Moving Services. He comes to your home to give you a detailed, well calculated and fair written estimate (no surprises). Very seasoned professional, educated and straight forward. Great quote! You won't regret this move! Channel 3 ON YOUR SIDE highly recommends and I agree! The move went very well! Arrived on time. Had no trouble backing into the loading dock. Very hard workers and fast. Careful, meticulous and respectful. The estimate was right on! We are happy and would hire Dirck's for our next move and highly recommend! Thanks!
3 Movers were on time and very professional. The transit time was much faster than expected, which was great. My couch was ruined, due to packing error, which was very disappointing, but Mayflower had a check sent to me within 48 hours of my complaint.  I have dealt with damage from other movers before and it usually takes months of arguing and sending photos and etc, so that was a major relief that I didn't have to fight for it.  I understand that the couch damage was the fault of the physical movers, not Mayflower, and they handled the situation very well.
5 So, I was moving back to Michigan and needed a professional moving company to get my stuff across the country.  I got a total of four quotes, and decided on these guys.  I had Jacob come out to my apartment to look at my stuff and do a walk through with what I was going to take and how much it would cost.  Jacob was awesome! Aside from giving me a reasonable quote, he was totally professional and had a really warm friendly demeanor.  The whole thing took about an hour, and he gave me a few options of how I wanted it shipped. I decided on the crate containers, which came with $10,000 insurance on each one that I used. I only needed two, and that worked out perfectly! He was right on.  He emailed me a quote and after I was ready, I scheduled my move with him.  The guys got to my apartment about a half an hour after they told me they would, and they were so awesome! They had all the tools they needed, like ramps, professional wraps for my furniture and took great care when loading my stuff into the truck.  It was about three hours to load, do paperwork, and have them clean up their supplies when they were done.  Overall a very positive stress free experience.  The office also called while we were loading to make sure everything was going as planned and to see if things were okay.  I was also able to schedule my delivery when it got into town, and again, they were there within half an hour of their expected scheduled time.  Three guys showed up and unloaded my stuff in no time.  Half of it wen inside and the other half is in my moms garage.  Guys were efficient, friendly overall really professional and quick.  I would recommend these guys in a heartbeat if you want a reliable moving company that is trustworthy and professional.  Prices are competitive, and it was an overall great experience. I would use them again in the future.
5 I have used Dircks to move from DC to Phoenix and from Phoenix to Knoxville. Both moves were perfect (and affordable). The service is fantastic and fast, and all employees are responsive. None of my things has been lost or damaged, and my shipments have always arrived within the first 24 hours of the date range provided. I can't say enough good things about this company. The movers are friendly and very good at what they do. In both experiences with the company I was able to feel confident that my move was being handled professionally and that I was not being ripped off or taken advantage of. I highly, highly recommend doing your next move with Dircks.
1 Is there a negative 5 star option?! At first, we thought this move would be amazing based upon how smoothly the estimate process went. We got a great, competitive quote, and were excited to work with these guys. Unfortunately, it was all extremely downhill from there. First they dispatched a driver who only had enough room for slightlt less than 1/3 of our stuff. Then, they sent a team with a uhaul type truck to load the rest of our house, but they showed up just before the cleaners arrived. (That's 3 hours after they were supposed to be done!) The next day I was informed that the 2nd load items would be packed in a shopment container, and would arrive around the same time as the 1st load. Not ideal, but better than nothing, right? Wrong!! Our 1st load was delivered today, 7/13/14. Our 2nd load? Well, its back in Phoenix.  When will it be delivered? Hopefully by 8/15/14...seriously?! They tried to make it better by accepting partial payment for the 1st load, and offered $100 per day for our stuff until it actually arrives. I guess we'll take it since that's the "best they can do" but we'd rather have our stuff, especially since ALL of our 1 yr olds stuff (clothes, crib, diapers, etc) are part of the 2nd load!! Long story short, the actual movers were PHENOMENAL, but Dircks/Mayflower are AWFUL! !!!!
