4 Recently I have had some health issues and had to go to the pharmacy more than I would like.  However, if I have to go to a pharmacy, this one is tops!  I love that they have a drive thru. The pharmacy assistants are all very nice and offer great customer service. The pharmacisist is knowledgable and answers all your questions honestly and respectfully.  I highly reccommend this pharmacy!  As for the store, I have been inside a few times now.  It's clean and well organized and the cashiers are helpful when you are looking for someing specific.  This store is super convieient for me since it is located just up the street from me and right on my way home from work.  The fact that the service here is great is awesome.  I don't care how close a place is, if they don't have good customer service, I won't go there.  I got lucky to have this store in my neighboorhood.  Thanks CVS!
5 It's time for an update of CVS -  If you are not using your Extra Care card and utilizing the Extra Bucks program you are just throwing money away.  It's an awesome program!  I search the ad every week to find out which items are on sale that will have the Extra Care bucks rewards.  If you purchase these items you get money back!  You can use the rewards on your next shopping trip.  For example this week I got 3 12 packs of root beer.  They were 3/$10 but I got $3 in Extra Care bucks back!  It was a great deal!    And again I have to give a shout out to the pharmacy. They do a great job and they will even call to remind you it's time for a refill!    I LOVE CVS!!
3 For the most part this is a CVS like any other.  However, they do have the small clinic in this one.  This was useful as we got the TB test we needed for our daughter to participate in a medical program for school.  The staff was friendly, and the wait time was reasonable.  It almost took longer to sign-in than it did to get the test!
4 CVS is the place for the quick in-n-out items...aka "quickies" The fill-in NP was super happy, love the positive energy! Thanks!
4 This is our favorite pharmacy to go to.  They have drive through service available if you need it, and the wait isn't very long.  The staff is very busy, but still friendly.  The store is always cleaned and well stocked.  I have even had staff on the floor offer to help me, which is a rare thing nowadays.
4 usually these kind of places get the old 3 star treatment because they are cookie cutter operations but I was impressed by the gentleman running the counter. He didn't see me waiting primarily because he was trying to help another customer. Waiting on them to make a decision..... Excused himself and apologized for keeping me waiting. I'm not a snob so I informed him it was no worry at all. His behavior was extremely out going. Greeted my daughter and you just just tell he was a man that is enjoying life. Pleasant to talk to and he encouraged me to have a great day just by his presence. Thanks behind the counter guy at CVS for making my day just that much better with such a great attitude!
