5 I would recommend Maxim for any special nite out! I have had the Hummer and the Lincoln Towncar Limo.  The service is friendly and they make you feel pampered and special.  Drivers are polished, friendly and classy.  I am on my mission of keeping my drunk butt off the road and have discovered a great option.  Have fun!
5 I have a ton of experience with these guys on a business level, and can honestly say they are the most organized, well run limo business in town. I've been through a lot of companies too. You give me the run around, and I drop you like a sack of potatoes.... Maxim has been my exclusive partner for over 15 months now without one single hitch.  Their cars are clean, the drivers are nice, and they are always always always on time. Most of the time they are a bit early.   On a personal level, I've only been in one of the vehicles once, and it was a great experience. The last limousine I had been in (luxor limousine) was trashed inside. Radio didn't work, etc. Not the case with Maxim, everything worked just fine. There was a small tear on one of the seats, but it was pretty hard to see if you didn't know it was there (noticed it by accident.) I was a little dissapointed with not being able to get ESPN, but I'm not sure any limo company offers it. I was also a little dissapointed when my girl wanted to go to the Bikini Lounge and he said it wasn't a place we should go, so we kept on driving. She had read about it on the internet and really wanted to go so she was a little let down.   The driver did however, go on a beer run for us while we were at the bar, so we would have something to drink after 2. He also was kind enough to hook us up with complimentary cover at a strip club. He was a very cool guy, I think Tom was his name and I'd recommend requesting him as a driver.  Great company!
1 I had initially decided upon Maxim as our driver provider for a special night out for a birthday night due to price and availability.  It was a simple drop off/ pick up.  I had reserved the service with a credit card number which I was assured would not be run, and to just let the driver know how I wished to pay.  I understand having a credit card on file for a service like this to ensure payment.  However, a few weeks after the occasion, my credit card statement came in which showed it had been run not once, but twice.  Once for the drop off, and again for the pick up.  I called and explained the situation and was told the driver who drove us that night was no longer in their employment, and they would need to confirm that we did in fact pay cash and that somebody would get back to me.  A week or so later, I called again to inquire about the status of the refund, and was told they would refund me for the charges, and they apologized for the delay.  I was refunded once of the charges within a week, this was in the beginning of October, it is now January 28th, and after five more calls in to the accounting department, and two emails, I have yet to receive a call back, a voice mail, or email to let me know that they are at least addressing their accounting slip up.  It's a minimal amount, but it has cost me all of my patience and I am amazed that a company of this size doesn't have the customer service comprehension to promptly fix their own errors, and communicate with a client immediately.  I would not recommend this service to anyone who values customer service, or professional follow-through.  I will be filing a complaint with the BBB, as well as disputing  their final charge on my credit card.  This all could have been avoided with a quick and simple call to inform me of where they were at.  Due to the fact it has been hours our of phone time since October, I will put just as much, if not more energy into ensuring the truth about their shortcomings are public.
1 Our wedding on Friday was beautiful and wonderful - except for one detail - the limousine.  Because the chapel in Gilbert was so far from our home in Scottsdale, we thought it would be nice to get a large limousine for the ten of us so that we did not have to worry about carpooling and traffic and ride in LUXURY.  Unfortunately, upon arrival, the chauffeur acknowledged the fact that the limousine was hot inside the passenger area.  He said he hoped that it would cool off soon on the way to the chapel.  Meanwhile, on the 45 minute drive from Scottsdale to Gilbert, it did not cool down and myself and children and parents were all extremely hot and sweaty upon arrival.  I had to re-do my make up and dry off my wedding dress which was damp from sweat.  Despite the miserable ride over, the driver promised to switch out the limo during the time that we were having our wedding ceremony (from 4pm to 5pm).  At 5:30, we were still waiting for a new limo.  Fearing that we would be late for our reception reservation back up in Scottsdale at 6pm, I asked the driver to please take us in the same limo up to Scottsdale.  Again, we rode another 45 minutes in probably 90-100 degree temperatures in the back.  While we were in the restaurant, the driver finally got a replacement limo with functioning A/C.  Unfortunately it was a smaller size limo and was not able to comfortably hold the 10 of us.  We were expecting the same size limo that we had contracted for.  In the end our driver got our guests home and us to our hotel and was an extremely pleasant man given the uncomfortable situation your company put him in.  Nothing was done by management to make this right with us even after several attempts and emails to the management. No phone call, email or apology was ever given to us.
1 I originally posted a review detailing the laborious process in which I was placated into submission by a management staff who would always seem to be "out of office" or would "call me back" in January this year. I had set up a round-trip package for my girlfriends birthday and gave a credit card to reserve. I let them know I was going to pay in cash, and I was told I would not be charged on my card. Our driver was nice, albeit odd since we got pulled over on our way home, and the female police officers told us she believed our driver to be impaired. He passed whatever test they administered, and we were dropped off at home. Good night, except for a few weeks later I was charged two times for the service. Once for pick up, and another for the return home. I contacted them immediately, and they removed the first charge rather quickly, but had neglected to removed the latter, knowing I had paid in cash both times. They kept putting me off, and then new excuses of the driver was no longer an employee, and they had to verify somehow that he was paid in cash because there was no system in place for this? This kept on for over a month, with continued phone calls in, and always being told someone would contact me, but never did. I'm assuming they just thought if they waited it out, I would forget about it, but the more time that goes on with this, the more frustrating it is. Although I had no complaints about the service, the ethics and lack of follow through on the customer service end when it was clear what had happened is infuriating. I would not recommend this service, and would think twice before reserving anything on your credit card.
