1 I know this is a very long review, but if you are looking for a clinic, especially for your children, please take the time to read this.  This clinic has 2 locations and according to the receptionist, the same staff works at both locations so I will write my review even though this horrible experience occurred in Mesa. Before I begin my yelp vent session, I would just like to say PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE! I was so upset after our appointment today that I was literally shaking and stumbling over my words because I did not appreciate how my family was treated today.   We found this clinic a few months ago when my son was dropped from my insurance and needed to get his immunizations and regular check-ups. I was in graduate school at the time, so the best option was to find a clinic for my baby that gave us the option of affordable payments. The few times we came here, we never had a problem with the staff. Even with an appointment, we would still end up waiting for a while, but the nursing assistants were nice, and the Nurse Practitioner Jennifer was very kind and helpful. Although we would only make an appointment for immunizations, Jennifer would make sure the baby was measured and weighed, supplied us with print outs of his percentile information, and speak to us about his development and our concerns. For all of this, we would pay about $50.   We made an appointment for today at 4 o'clock, and we are not seen until 5:45. We were expecting the usual visit until the nursing assistant asks us if we are there for his immunizations or a well baby check up. I told the girl that we would like a check up as well if it was possible and she says very rudely " well what did you pay for?" I was like whoa.....??? excuse me? SO she goes on to tell us that we only made an appointment for his shots so I'm like ok? no biggie, if they don't want to talk to us about the baby then fine!   So in walks the Nurse Practitioner and to our surprise, it's not Jennifer. The NP (cannot remember her name) seemed nice at first. She told us we would have to make a separate appointment for the well baby check up and in my confusion I explained how Jennifer used to integrate everything into one appointment. From my explanation, she then sat down and began asking questions about my son's development. So I thought cool, this appointment will go like past appointments.   So after speaking with the NP, the rude nursing assistant comes in with the immunizations and tells us that our bill will come out to $75. Um, hm.. excuse me, I'm pretty sure we only pay $50 when we come here. She then says "well you can talk to Sam if you don't want to pay this". We all walk over to Sam, the receptionist, and nursing girl starts going off saying that we are refusing to pay the bill. Sam checks our records and tells her that according to our previous visits, we were only charged $50. The nursing girl throws a fit, gets angry because she wants to go home, throws the paper down and says " WELL THEN YOU GUYS FIGURE IT OUT", and slams the door. Wow, well that was professional.   I tell Sam that if this is causing her too much trouble then we will pay the $75, but I don't feel comfortable with the rude nursing girl giving my baby his shots. Sam then asks if we want the other girl (who used to always see us but happened to not be working that day) to see us next time. I tell Sam that she can call us back when she finds out about the other girl's work schedule.   As we're planning this out, the NP comes in and says that we need to pay the $75 because the well check up was $25. First of all, this pissed me off because she never made us aware that is was $25. And second, we explained to her how Jennifer integrated it all into one visit, so I figured we had an understanding. And 3rd, really? $25 to ask me five questions about my sons eating and pooping, and giving me advice that I already know. Totally not worth it. Plus, she never even gave me a print out of his height and weight percentile. We explain to the NP what our understanding was and she begins talking to us like we are idiots, going step by step over what she said. Look here lady, maybe if you took the time to talk to your patients, you would know that I am very well educated and I don't need to be spoken to like a 5 yr. old.   Anyways, the NP said she would do the shots instead of her assistant and rushed through it so she could go home. We paid $50, but felt super mad, irritated, and disrespected. I don't understand how this place hired such unprofessional people, and their lack of empathy and people skills make me wonder why they even chose the medical field. Thankfully my benefits from work are in effect in October so i can get a real pediatrician for my son. But for those who are in a bind and unable to be covered by insurance, please find another clinic! I would hate for other families, especially those with babies to be treated so poorly by these people
5 I dont know about the Mesa location but my family and I go to the Phx location and I have to disagree with the last review. We see Dr Pillai and have never been happier. My daughter was 10 when he 1st saw her and he Dr heard something wrong with her heart. My daughter has seen pedatricians and drs all her life and no one has EVER told me her heart was abnormal. So we went to a Cardio and soon had to get her into open heart surgery!! I was blown away that no other Dr found this out. The staff and providers are extremely nice and always seem concerned. The Dr takes his time with us and never makes us rush. there is sometimes a wait, but worth it for an excellent Dr who actually CARES for his pts. I highly recommend this for anyone!
1 I took my 3 year old in to get seen and was turned away. They said they had a full schedule, but even after I told them that my daughter potentially had an ear infection and had a fever lasting 3 days, they simply said "unfortunately we can't see her today", and the parking lot/waiting room was completely empty. Even when they're website states " Urgent Care Services: When you are suffering from an unexpected illness or injury, or when you simply require general medical attention and can't wait for an appointment, we are the provider you need." I couldn't wait for an appointment and needed her to be seen quickly.  I don't recommend this medical office to anyone. Unethical.
1 If you care about your health and your family's health, you will NOT bring them here.  I found 1st Care Family Medical Clinic on accident. My dad looked up a physician that used to be at this clinic MANY many years ago, and for some reason, it brought up 1st Care instead of her current practice. I was in so much pain, I figured it was close and it didn't matter.  WRONG. I saw Dr. Chettri for nearly a year, and this diminutive little man with a terrible attitude was a misogynist of the worst kind. He continuously inferred and told me that my ailments were in my head. When he finally sent me for x-rays, nothing showed up, and he extremely grudgingly gave me Tylenol 3, with a humiliating speech about drug addiction and basically telling me he didn't think I needed it at all. In the meantime, my condition worsened so greatly that I could no longer walk 1/4 mile without my back spasming, or "locking up," and the pain was too great to walk any farther. Dr. Chettri continued to treat me as if I were a simple little woman and it was all in my head. Eventually he finally sent me to the CORE Institute, where I saw a spine surgeon and was sent for an MRI.   It turned out I have degenerative disc disease, a bulging disc, and a herniated disc. The spine surgeon at CORE Institute sent me to physical therapy, and when that exacerbated the problem, I was referred to a pain management doctor, and I switched primary care physicians, thank God.   Every single time I went to 1st Care Family Medical, I was treated like a second class citizen. The office is FILTHY--disgusting!! The receptionists are inundated with calls and work. Nearly every time I went, I wanted to leave, but it was easier than urgent care and frankly, I was worried the next clinic I went to might be worse (if that's even possible). One tech is very nice and professional; the other is easily flustered and doesn't seem to know how to interact with women. That may be part of his cultural upbringing, though, and he was never disrespectful.   I would never, ever recommend anyone go to this clinic. Dr. Chettri is a shameful, misogynistic jerk, and my condition was prolonged and worsened because I subjected myself to this awful clinic.
