3 I shop at Walmart a few times a month because of price match, but I noticed they carry less matching items like meats and produce. Sometimes their produce is not fresh,  not enough varieties.  Their donuts is pretty BAD. I don't like their roasted chiken, Costco's is much better.
3 Dropped by this Walmart on the way to my friend's house to pick up some supplies for a BBQ.  It's a Walmart.....  - Long lines.  - Lots of products.  - Good prices.  I picked up some Chips & Sodas and made my way out.  The place was clean and I didn't have to wait too long in line.  Return Factor - 20%.....will probably only come here when I visit this friend.
3 I shop at Walmart once a week because of price match, but I noticed they carry less matching items like 1 dozen roses, meats and produce. Sometimes their produce is not fresh,  not enough varieties.  Their donuts is pretty BAD. I don't like their roasted chiken, Costco's is much better. I also  buy pet supplies, underwears and socks. I don't buy Walmart clothes, linens and towels. I like Kohl's and Marshall's much better. I also shop at $1 store too, you will find something cheaper than Walmart.
3 I am a Target fan, but sometimes I need to go to Walmart to get the things I can't find.     But there are always a tons of people (rude people), screaming kids, and a lot of product everywhere.
3 As far as WalMarts go, this one is always busy.  One word of advice...never...I mean EVER..go after 10pm.  One lane open and a line a mile long.  If you don't have any produce to be weighed, you can check out at the jewelry counter!     Was a mess today.  Crap everywhere, but there were actually employees trying to clean it up and get organized!  Wasn't a bad experience!  The doors to the non-grocery entrance close around 10 and the doors to the "garden" center close at 7pm.
1 This is a very dirty Walmart.  The pharmacy is always packed and takes so long to leave or pick up a prescription.  I have stopped using them.  And beware that this Walmart subcontracted its flu shots to another company that is not contracted with many insurance companies.  So, I got stuck paying for my flu shot because the company Walmart used to give the shots was not in my network.  I got the shot in front of the Pharmacy and "thought" it was Walmart.  It was not.  So beware.  Better to go to elsewhere and make sure that wherever you get your flu shots that the person giving them is in your network.
1 This place is nasty!
3 I think this Walmart is ok. There's nothing special to it, and to me, it is just a matter of convenience. We moved last year, and I had my neighborhood Walmart that I always went to, but since the move, this one was more conveniently located, and it's on my to school. It took me some time to get use to, because everything is "flipped" compared to my old one. Staff is very friendly and helpful. They have a pharmacy, and a McD's inside.
3 Now I have to say I have been to probably more than a hundred Wal-mart's across this country and this one is just average. Actually to be a Super Center they have really dropped the ball on this particular store. I mean it is in the heart of Nascar Country here in AZ and yet they don't have any real merchandise worth while for fans coming into town for the races. Now I live here....not in Avondale....but living in AZ I am shocked that this store like many I have found here in Avondale  to be SERIOUSLY lacking in that Department. People in the store are not very helpful either.....they are not rude or anything but they kind of just go about there business like no one needs assistance. All in All it is not a bad store.....but one I won't need to visit ever again.....Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
2 Head east towards Phoenix proper if you want a pleasant WalMart experience.  Stop here if you are on a road trip and need to buy provisions or need to use the bathroom.  CONS: - Grimy - Long lines - Not well stocked  PROS:  - Conveniently located to the freeway and gas - Entrance featured a cool wall sized D-Backs logo made of Pepsi boxes and a lady said they make a display for every different holiday season.  Apparently opening day constitutes a holiday season.
3 if you come here and want a nice Walmart you have come to the wrong one. Walmart are best when new or are in the richer side of town.
2 2.5 Stars  This is a barebones middle of the road Walmart, not the best or worst I've been in. You'll see a interesting mix of customers here, some that deserve to have their pics posted on that website all about Walmart customers.  My house is in between this Walmart and another one.  This parking lot at this store usually returns less door dings than the other Walmart by me.  I shop here for my non-food items.
2 Why would you have 50 registers and only two open?  Its like going to a buffet but being asked to just rad the crackers only. Top it off with tryiing to find a employee to ask questions to, but they're all busy talking and hanging out.  The store is usually dirty and the bathrooms often resemble gas station bathrooms.
2 Wal-Mart is Wal-Mart.  This location is very messy unorganized and everything else.  Sometimes you just have to go where you are at.. But I do my best to  avoid coming to this location.
2 I don't care for this store. I like super Walmart on Estrella, it's bigger and cleaner.
2 I bought cheap fan and it blow air side way instead of forward, you get what you pay for, I guess. =(
1 Literally must be the worst run Walmart in the company. Always huge lines, customer "service" sucks, no management is ever to be found....anywhere. I have had to go to the parking lot on several occasions to get a cart myself. Store is always filthy and out of stock. I live across the street and drive several miles to another Walmart to shop. Too bad I had to leave one star!
