5 The fokes at the location near the airport and at the return location at the Frye's Foods in Sun City were both nice.  At the location near the airport, they were very friendly and thorough in expediting the process with the paperwork and all.  They got us on the road in a short amount of time.  We had a Chevrolet Empola which we drove to Tucson and back; for $454.00, we got our money's worth.  Upon returning the car at the Frye's Foods in Sun City, the guy was very nice, once again expediting the process with the paperwork and all.  So, for an excellent rental car experience with clean, well maintained cars at good rates with friendly staff, Budget cannot be beat.  Keep up the good work guys.!
1 How did a $33.99/day rental of a small 4-cylinder "economy car" for 2 days turn into a $270.61 rip-off gouge? I rented from Budget Rent-a-Car at the Phoenix Internat. Airport ... linked to the rental via Travelocity. That's how.  It is a lesson in the old "Yes, the basic rate is $33.95 - very cheap! - but, oh, you want a steering wheel on that car? That's an extra ..." type scam. And they added a mysterious 11.11 percent "Concession Recovery Fee" on top of the quoted rate - no extra service or feature gained -  it's just an unadvertised "additional fee" - I assume the argument is that the quoted rate was just for the car, but the act of the customer simply showing up to pick up and drop off the car (on time) is "extra cost"!! The "LDW" was almost as much as the car rate, at $25.99/day (I am sure that rate is inflated to maximize costs ... It's actually not even insurance. It just absolves you of the responsibility for car damage - so what they "choose" to charge you is not fixed to any market-controlled rate) - it's whatever they can get away with. The personal injury waiver (also not insurance) was $14.49/day. Etc ... Etc ... The contract actually states, "If I (renter) return the car prior to due date, I may be charged a higher rate." !!! - what!?!  Worse of all - the agent at the desk, when hearing where I was going, INSISTED that I would use a full tank of gas to get there and back, "and probably a bit more." So she really pressed that I opt for the "purchase a tank of gas" to "save money" - also stating that it was cheaper than the going rate "outside". But any unused gas was non-refundable ... You guessed it - I had a whole one-third of a tank left, on return of car - Ka-Ching! More money in their pocket! (and they can re-sell the same gas again to the next sucker!) ... and - the rate Budget charged me for the gas was EXACTLY the same as what gas was sold for on the street.  I complained upon return and seeing these charges rack up, but they smiled and said, "sorry ... I see a signature here ... that yours? "  So - I will NEVER, EVER use "Blood-let" Rent-A-Car again and will steer my friends and colleagues away from them.  Yes, I take some responsibility for being such an easy "mark" - but they are trained to be snake oil salesmen and openly con people into every expense they can. I have rented cars multiple times before from various agencies - never have I come up against a "shake down" like this - and was unprepared for the "gaming" I was put through.  If you must use them, go over everything with a fine toothed comb. Take your time. Ask every "dumb" question ... Even if you assume you know - ask them to explain ... you very well may be surprised.  Check with your own auto insurance to see if they cover car and personal injury, to see if you can decline all waivers ... else know your rate is something quite astronomically inflated from the "stated rate".
1 I signed up for a deal through Southwest Airlines for 35% off my car rental. I was moving from Chicago to Arizona at the time. After a long trip I arrived at the rental desk. My original quote was for 310.00. This was for a week of a rental of a mid size SUV. After going though all of the initial paper work my total came out to be $660.00. The price had doubled due to me not having car insurance. I was obviously not happy but understood I needed to be covered. They informed me that This would not be charged to my account until I returned the vehicle. A day alter I notice that $890.00 was talked out of my account. After calling them they stated there was a $200.00 deposit fee. Why would you take a deposit if you already too the money out of my account????? After returning the care 5 days early ( I bought a car and obtained insurance) I asked them to possible reimburse me for the insurance I was charged for the days I had the car. If not the 4 days I had it at least the day I had insurance. They refused and told me I should be satisfied that they are crediting me my account for returning the car early??  After being to exhausted with moving across country and buying a new car I refused to fight. The total I ended up being charged for rental from Friday- Monday was $441. 00.  I would not be using them again nor will I recommend their customer service or management to ANYONE.
1 The worst experience I had for car rental ever. I have been using Budget rental many years (at different locations) and never had any problem.    I went to them with my reservation and showed it to the representative (Dustin). He asked me if I want different car and my answer was no. But he gave me upgrade ($31/day) without any notice. I did had question with final charge but he said the discount will show later (I had a BCD code). It turns out that I was charged for a luxury car. When I complained, they treated me like a liar. I will never do business with someone who never honor their customers.
1 Long line. Manager on duty turned down additional help on the phone.  Not sure why.  Waiting. ..
