2 Was in a jam got there at closing and was given sorry can't help, it is closing time. Just needed a replacement battery so I could use my service. Tried all day to get help at 3 different stores.
2 I waited 15 min to be helped.when I was assisted the rep seemed nice.My upset sits with the store they needed a older connection to transfer contacts from one phone to another.But the one and only transfer connection was broken.this was my experience your might be a bit better.
4 As a former Alltel employee, I understand how things work. Stores don't control pricing of plans or phones. So its about customer service. We came in to buy ourselves some new phones. Every staff member we interacted with was kind and professional. They did try to upsell some accessories, which I guess I don't blame them. Overall it was fairly a pleasant experience.
2 I visited this location today. I was looking for a possible upgrade for my current phone. I do have a cell phone currently with Verizon (Been with them since 1997 when they were AIRTOUCH). I was looking for a specific phone I was interested in, I was greeted by employee and very pleasant and suggested speaking to a guest relations person. I was looking when I was contacted by Bryan, who asked me what I was looking for today. I expressed intrest in the Nokia 928 windows phone, He cut me off an stated that it was not a good phone. He proceeded to show me the most expensive phone in the place, I expressed that I had a budget and a certain type of phone I needed. He made the comment that the free phone with a 2 yr agreement is crap. I asked him why would a company have a inferior product in there store? No response from this question. He proceeded to state I could look if I needed anything let him know. "Yeah Right", I have been in sales a long time and I would never prevent a customer from buying a product and getting a commision.
1 This store is always too busy. Be sure to bring your favorite pillow because it will be a  hour before someone can help you.
3 I was getting tired of the marginal battery life in my RazrM which had gotten worse with the latest operating system upgrade.  I don't mind saving some money and getting last years model.  I was looking at two phones that had been reduced to $0 because their replacements were due out soon.  When I entered the store after work on Friday my first impression was with that many people I should have brought a sleeping bag.  Turns out half of them were employees.  I was greeted quickly and within 5 minutes I made it to the top of the list and had a trainee and a trainer waiting on me.  Told them what I was looking at and why.  They unlocked one of each so I could hold the phones, both were much larger than my old phone.  We talked about each one's strong points and I ended up with another Motorola so I would have a short learning curve.  They did not try to talk me into spending a bunch of money on the latest and greatest.  They did talk me in to a couple of accessories.  I've been with Verizon (Airtouch) for 16 years and overall this was one of the more pleasant and least confusing upgrades I have had.  I still think the $30 upgrade fee sucks.
