1 This would have been a negative 5 if I could have.  We had the Realtor Adrianna Durfee Klink.  We had the most unpleasant experience I could have ever imagined.  She was so unprofessional and almost psychotic at times.  I spoke in person to the owner once and once again on the phone regarding her behavior,but he tried to defend the ridiculousness, but then could not because even he realized that what she said and did was unacceptable.  I feel the need to warn people about this co. and agent so that they may spare themselves the grief and stress and regret that I now feel.  I love my house...oh yes but I was actually the one that found it!  She got the 7+K commission for nothing.
1 The nightmare of my life...  I can't post the review if I will not roll over a star, sorry for the one star....     I want to rent my house in Queen Creek, AZ,  and I worked with Tom Domschke, Director of Property Management . I did not receive a copy of the A/C invoice until after I asked for it.    He did not seek authorization for the repair of the A/C which was over the $300.00 limit. He didn't screen the people, know I have problems.   He was unprofessional and disrespectful, screaming, cursing, slamming the phone on the hard surface during our conversation, he need to see a doctor ASAP.   I spoke with Chris Oster , Broker, and he was trying to defend Tom, they are all the same...  I am not working with Visionary Properties, I cancel my property management agreement, and picked a new company.  I feel the need to support the first review from 2010, and to warn the people about Visionary Propertis.  RUN... RUN... and never look back...
4 I have Visionary Properties managing my old house as a rental.  So far they seem to be doing a good job.   What do you want from one of them?  1. keep you up to date on house issues. 2. Monthly Reports 3. Monthly Rent checks.  So far it all works!   5 months and counting.
5 I rented from Visionary Properties for a year, 2011-2012. Veronica was awesome! She was prompt with service requests, available via text (my preferred form of communication) and generally very cheerful whenever i called or came by. The apartment was just what i wanted, and best of all she got my in in 24 hrs. WAY TO GO!! Would recommend this to any one seeking a rental in the metro phx area
5 I have referred Visionary Property Management to many of my clients.  As a Realtor, I want my clients to get the top property management service available.   Their staff is knowledgable, and goes the extra mile to make sure everything is done right!
5 Adriana is fantastic. Just a great overall experience, she definitely earns her money. We bought our house through her after having a brutal experience with another realtor. We just listed the same house through Adriana and she was similarly amazing, took care if everything from repairs to photography, she wrote a great description on the MLS which makes a big difference. She had 3 --Over asking price- offers for us within 2 days. Super fast and responsive.
1 I would of given it even less stars if I could have.  I have never purchased a home before.  First experience with a Realtor and it was horrible, so much so that I have stage fright even considering using one now.  Her name is Stephanie Cross.  I intend on filing a complaint as soon as I figure out who to contact.
