4 Best fresh donuts around,kills dunkin in value and freshness + taste Good meat specials on thursday. I speak about 5 words in spanish and I do fine there. The eatery indoors is great, they have good specials but I forgot on which day. Homeade salsa is great! and on the weekends they do some sort of  cookoff out front with many great eats.  Not the best deals around at the actual market ( see wal mart) but the food, donut's and juice is to die for!  plus the tortillas are always fresh and warm, I always stock up from here.
4 It's not fair! Upon entering, you are immediately subjected to the myriad of temptations of the bakery area ... and right after that, the fresh juices area and the festive hot foods dining area. They get ya right at the start, you don't stand a chance. And if you come at the right time, the fragrance of the roasting chickens will get you at the parking lot, even before you enter the Market building. I am always astounded by the array of fresh, frozen, packaged, and hot foods at this place; and it's pretty much the same for all the Phoenix Ranch Markets, though I prefer this one in Glendale because it seems cleaner than the others and, well, it's the closest to where I live ;-) Love ya, Phoenix Ranch Market! Love your tasty foods, your prices, your amazing variety of goods, and your fresh donas (doughnuts) that kicks Dunkin's ass!
4 I like cheap, quality produce, so it's no surprise that this place is a fav. for me.   The only disclaimer....I would prefer to go to the Superstition Ranch Market, but being all the way in east mesa, I needed to find something closer.  I checked out the reviews here first, and decided to give this place a try.    Now I was starving when I got there, and I know better than to start shopping when I am hungry.  Good thing for me, they have an amazing eating area with all of the options you could imagin for mexican food.  I got steak tacos.  Very good.  There is a "salad" bar with all the fixing, from hot salsa, pico, guac, onions, cilantro, to anything and everything you could want.  I also had some Huarchata.  I love that stuff.  They made it wonderfully here too.  I especially like how it was in a huge clear bucket with a bunch of ice, and they spoon it out for you instead of just having a spout.  While I ate, I kind of felt like I was at a fiesta.  There was a lot going on all around..  People were eating, loud music was playing, kids were running around, people were shopping, ballons and pinatas were overhead.  Very neat atmostphere.  The shopping!!  So I pretty much only bought produce here because really, that's what they specialize in..(in my opinion).. unless you are going to buy a bunch of regular shopping items and pay extra for them.. I would stick to fry's or safeway for all that stuff...  Fresh fruit, all different kinds, pepper, chilis, and more peppers.. Every kind you can imagine.  Dried, fresh, canned, bottled.. whatever you need, it's there.  All kinds of greens, beans, and everything in between.  I love this place.  In fact, I think I might just go now.  :)  Oh, and btw, I filled my cart about half way with bags of produce and my bill was under 20 bucks.. That's why I love this place.
4 I really enjoyed this place.  The store was pretty easy to navigate,clean and the prices on produce was more than reasonable plus the food smelled heavenly! If you shop the outside isles(fresh produce, meats, cheeses, etc.) you really can't go wrong.
3 So, I've been in Phoenix for about a year and was never brave enough to check this place out.  I'm kicking my own ass for missing out on this place for so long!  I thought that it would be a store comparable to the Asian supermarkets I go to, which are notorious for being a bit scary.  Well, I was wrong.  I walked into the store, and it was bright and clean.  They had a bakery section up front, and I seriously drooled over all of the donuts and pastries they had in the cases.  I went to the deli and ordered a cheese quesadilla and breakfast burrito.  It took a while for my order to be made because the girl didn't speak much English.  While I waited, I went over to the salsa bar and got some salsa and guac.  I got a lot of food, and it was only $5.  The quesadilla was delicious, and the tortilla was so soft and fresh.  I can't wait to go back and try something meatier!
3 I went back for another quesadilla.  I do heart my cheese.  It was good, but the service was terrible, yet again.  I placed my order, and three other people got their food before I did.  It took about 10-15 minutes to get it.    Don't let the name fool you, but sweet breads are not sweet!  I tried one with coconut and raisin, another with jam, and a cinnamon sugar one.  They were very bland and not sweet at all.  Boo.  I'll try a donut next time.
2 This review is only for eating lunch at the in store restaurant.  I got back from my rounds just in time for a customer from out of town to suggest we go to lunch.  He had been here several times and suggested it.  We placed our orders, he had the half chicken combo and I ordered the chicken fajita combo, then went and got our drinks.  I couldn't pass up the horchata which I think is one of the better ones around.  We selected a table and waited, and waited.  After what seemed like quite a while we went back to the counter and were told they were out of chicken fajitas for the day so they had just held up both our meals and not called out to us.  What???  Anyway I changed my order to enchiladas and we got our food fairly quickly after that.  My lunch ended up not coming with the tortillas or the salad that is supposed to come with the combos but I had plenty to eat as it was.  The enchiladas were filled with crema fresca and topped with green sauce and were ok and the beans were topped with cotija cheese.  At $4.99 each the meals were a good value, too bad about the service as I took off a star for it.
4 Have you ever been to Mexico? If you've ever been to Ranch Market, then the answer is "Yes." Armed with nothing but two C- grades I received in Spanish Class back in high school, I decided to cross the border. Immediately greeted by thumping Spanish music that Helen Keller would have no problem hearing, I found myself wondering if I was in a Supermarket or a God damned nightclub in Guadalajara. As soon as my hearing came back, I continued my mission of finding, and purchasing some Carne Asada. Having trouble finding my meat (that's an absolute first), I decided to ask the first set of eyes that I made contact with. Unfortunately, that set of eyes belonged to a dead horse with absolutely ZERO skin remaining on his poor little (GIGANTIC) head. Suddenly I found myself no longer hungry. My appetite was completely lost. No bueno, ese. Minus the fact that I managed to lose both by hearing and my appetite in the same trip, my overall shopping experience was pretty good. I was thoroughly impressed with the amount of Mexican-specific products in Ranch Market. It reminded me of mi vida loca back in the day when I would visit Mexico with my Nana and Tata as a child. Dos thumbs up, Ranch Market, Dos thumbs up!
2 rotten strawberries on sale is not much of a sale =(
4 Hay de mi!  Phoenix Ranch Market definitely has "Viva Mexico!" written all over it with Mexican inspired products everywhere and pretty reasonable prices.  Reasonable produce, homemade tortillas, cheap beer, and a meat section for the carnivore in you come in abundance.    I was pretty love with this place until I got to the cash register and noticed the cashier panicking as she watched a cockroach dance around on the conveyor belt.  If it were for the former things that I mentioned, I would never come back.  But, I'm willing to return just as long as the cockroaches don't.
4 They have almost anything you might be looking for when it comes to your Mexican needs. The sweet bread is always fresh and soooo good with either a hot coffee or  hot chocolate whichever you prefer.  Their aguas frescas (fruit waters) are also very yummy my favorites being the Cantaloupe and watermelon one.   One thing I absolutely love about this place and wish they had something like this is Buckeye is the fish fry. If you fish from their seafood department they will fry it for you for free! Then stop by their tortilla section get some fresh tortillas, some limes and enjoy. You can buy everything and eat there also.
3 I love to get into Ranch Market every now and then for something different. It is an enjoyable afternoon to stroll in have lunch and and agua fresca! I got some Carne Asada and we actually didn't care for it, the marinade sucked and we will visit our local carnecia for now on.. I also noticed that my produce went bad fast that was purchased that day!
5 The rancho market is such a colorful and friendly place. As soon as you walk past the big security guy at the entrance you are rewarded with wonderful smells, sights and sounds. You need a authentic sombrero with the tassels on it, well that's in isle 6, alligator shoes isle 10, and a Dora piñata fighting a Scooby Doo piñata are All conveniently hung over head. Any food you have ever heard of and more that you can't even spell are all represented in this one stop shop for the mexican house mom. Go on a weekend and take advantage of all the free sample stands that sprinkle the store isles. You might no have to worry about paying for lunch if you make the run a couple times and try and hit each of the offerings. For those less adventurous, you can sit down at the communal tables situated in front of a functioning restaurant. The food smells like heaven, looks extremely appetizing and taste even better than all that. On my last visit I had the tripa (pig intestines) tacos and carne asada tacos, they were small but soft warm and packed with tender goodness. They're like street tacos from a Tijuana taco truck except a little cleaner and a touch pricier. I am always looking for a good deal but a good tasting taco at $1.75 isn't gonna break my bank. My wife had the carnitas plate with rice and beans, he meal was a bit dry but in their defense it is hard to keep carnitas from drying out. Besides that, the carnitas were tasty, the corn tortillas were fresh and soft, the rice was good and the beans came with a crumbly white cheese that added to its authenticity. I also got an order of shrimp ceviche, they give you three tostadas to eat with your ceviche but no plate or fork, so that was a challenge. I really like ceviche, I'm like a raw fish connoisseur if you will. I've had ceviche and sushi all over the states and beyond, so I can safely say that I know the difference between a good raw fish and a bad one, and as much good raw fish as I have had, I have probably had an equal amount of bad. The Rancho Market's shrimp ceviche had good flavor but was dangerously close to being bland. The shrimp had been sitting in the marinade a little too long and came out a bit tough. Getting the right consistency with marinating raw shrimp is a science and one that is hard to perfect. I'll give them an E for effort but unfortunately did not meet my expectations. I can however speak volumes about they Horchata, it was very tasty, not too sweet and not too bland, and thank gob it didn't have that nasty coconut aftertaste most of these mexican restaurants try and force on us. Anyways, great food for the value, large mexican grocery offerings and an overall eclectic colorful place for an enjoyable shopping trip. If you're in the market for a big pancho or mariachi sombrero this is the place you want to be.
