1 GROSS!! I made a terrible mistake by booking a room here. I had read decent reviews on hotels.com for the Quality Inn Tempe on UNIVERSITY Drive and I totally thought I booked that one. Sure, quality inn I wasn't expecting much, but at $100 this was a total RIP OFF.
1 If I could give this place negative stars I would! GROSS!!!!  Unfortunately, I was given a voucher to this hotel from US Airways after they cancelled our flight in the midle of the night. I gathered my baby and 5 year old at midnight from the airport and brought them by shuttle to this place. The shuttle was the nicest thing about the stay. The rooms were old and gross. The beds were uncomfortable. I should've listened to my instincts when we heard a man demand his voucher back (at 1am), he wouldn't say why he didn't want to stay there. BUGS!!!!!!!!! BED BUGS!!! ANTS!!!! In the early hours of the am, we woke up to stumble back to the airport. I sat on the floor for 3 minutes (avoiding the beds my daughters slept on) and I got 8 bed bug bites!!!!!! I stood up quickly and realized what the problem was. I understand that ants are a problem in places like TX ans AZ, but REALLY?? I am almost 100% sure the staff at this hotel is fully aware of the bug problem, and does nothing to fix it. The guy at the desk was unapologetic when we told him about the bugs. He didn't go to make a phone call or even write anything down. Yuck. I hope nobody stays here by choice, or otherwise. I will be alerting the health dept or other agencies relating to this problem.
1 I recently used their self parking service for a trip to the airport. The rate was the cheapest at the time so I foolishly made a reservation. The place was easy enough to find, but everything else was horrible. The shuttle leaked and was dripping directly on my head. The person at the desk didn't have any of my information ready, and didn't even know what questions to ask. I had to volunteer information so that I felt they wouldn't tow my car. The leaky ride to the airport took much to long because they transported one of their workers (who was filthy and smelled like a mix of urine, alcohol, and smoke) to their other location before dropping us off at the airport. They gave me a business card and told me to call when my plane landed and they would pick me up. I did but it took them OVER AN HOUR to pick me up. Meanwhile I saw shuttles from each of the other parking places pull up multiple times. One place sent at least 17 shuttles in that same time it sent them to send one. Pay the extra dollar or two a day and park elsewhere!
1 Unlucky to stay here with an airline voucher.    The air conditioning turns "On", but does not cool. I turned it on around 9 or 10pm, even 3 hours later, it was not cool in the room.  Checking the air output, the air was not cold enough.  I could not fall asleep for a long time because of the heat.  There is no way I would ever stay in a place like this.   The shuttle took a long time to arrive at the airport and pick me and other passengers up.   Plus side: I did not see any bed bugs that another customer experienced in the review. There was a working refrigerator, and soap, shampoo, conditioner in the place.   The shuttle going back to the airport arrived at exactly the right time for me.    FYI, the TV was an old CRT.  I did not turn on the TV, so that made no difference.
1 DREARY Dark rooms, chipped paint, peeling laminates, uncomfortable beds... Just pass on this sad hotel.  To enter the "business center" a manager had to use a screwdriver to jimmy the door open revealing a computer 14 years old that wouldn't even print a boarding pass.
1 It's too bad that there isn't an opportunity here to give minus stars.  My wife and I stayed one night at this hotel because the rate included parking while we were on a short trip.  Upon checking in, we found out that the rooms in this fleabag hotel were almost devoid of furniture.  There was a bed, one nightstand, one lamp, a small dresser with a tv on it and that's it.  We were leaving on an early flight and wanted to take a 5:30am shuttle to the airport. We were told that shuttle was crowded so  we had to take a 5am shuttle.  The shuttle did leave on time but the van was filthy and there were no working seat belts.  When we returned to the airport we called for the van to pick us up.  After 3 more calls and an hour and 15 minutes, the van finally arrived and the driver apologized for the delay.  His apology did not make up for the 75 minute wait on the curb at the airport.  Of course, we will never stay at this hotel again and i would strongly recommend that no one else stay there either.
1 Worst hotel ever! I swear to god first night I check in no hot water and the telephone wasn't working and then they tell me that they are working on getting the water fixed and that was at 9pm and then by twelve noon the next day I still couldn't take a shower then they where acting like they couldn't switch my room and told me to walk to another room to go take a shower ! Then they tell me my room isn't the same as that room so they couldn't switch me and then I go to take my shower ITS THE EXACT SAME ROOM! So I go back to the front desk and demand them to switch my rooms and then the next day I pay cash and they charge my credit card when they already charged the room and security deposit when I checked in the hotels not even fascinating to have a security deposit they don't even have wide screen tvs the lightning in the rooms suck big time and their check out is at 11 in the morning. Then I fount bugs in my room and the front desk "manager" called himself saying I was lying like who really lies about bugs !! Awful awful I've stayed at plenty quality inns and this is the WORSE not worth it I don't recommend unless your a person who doesn't care about yourself hygiene or safety awful !
1 I was very displeased with how my room was. There were bodily fluids stained on various parts of the bed sheets and rust in the bathtub. The front desk apparently could not contact the manager who only works week days. They only provided us with an email and 800 number to try and report/fix our own problems. The front desk clerk kept leaving every 5 min to go do god knows what. I think there was only one employee on shift.
1 Extremely disappointing! Awful Experience!   We travel to Tempe, AZ every year about the same time for Spring Training Baseball. This year we decided to stay at a different hotel and chose The Quality Inn. Worst decision ever! The reservation was booked over the phone in January. I was told to provide a credit card to reserve the room and we would be charged at the time of check in.  Our flight was a bit delayed so we would be arriving at the hotel late that night. I called from the airport to let the hotel know we would be checking in late. The Quality Inn said ok, not a problem and they will see us later that night. Around midnight when I got to the front desk, I was informed that our reservation was canceled!! Sam (the only person working at the hotel at this time) said the credit card on file was declined when they ran it at 4pm that day so they canceled our reservation. I asked why we were not informed of this when calling to say we would be checking in late and he said "I do not know, we are sold out."This did not help or solve the bad situation we were now in. It was midnight and every hotel in the local area was sold it. Our reservation that we had called to confirm a few hours prior to arriving have now been all of the sudden canceled. Sam let us know he may have one room but that room does not have a shower and it only has one bed.  Then he said "oh no that room is gone now too." He apologized and said how sorry he was and that he is on our side. He did not know who told us our reservation was guaranteed but they were incorrect. He did say, "if you find a room available at any other hotel, they will cover the cost." This was a great offer but there were no other rooms available at any of the other local hotels. We called a number of other hotels right away in a panic to check availability as we stood in the lobby of the Quality Inn without a place to stay that night! After about 40 minutes of trying for figure out what to do, a room magically became available. It was a one bed bedroom. We had 3 people and shared one bed. They had no roll away beds available either. Also, we did not receive a discount rate or anything for this room. But they would cover the rate at any other hotel? This did not make sense but we did not make a big fuss. Sam apologized again and suggested we speak with the manager, Des in the morning to see how he can better accommodate us and compensate us for the situation we were in due to an error on their hotels side.   In the morning, I go to the front desk and speak with the manager, Des. He right away says, "yes I know your situation and there is nothing I will do for you." So right from the start, he was defensive and rude.  I let him know that the card on file was canceled due to fraud and yes, we had forgot to update the information with the hotel but when we called the same day to confirm our reservation, nobody told us the reservation was canceled! I called at 6:30pm, he said the card was ran and not authorized at 4pm. How does that work? When we call 2.5 hours after the card was supposedly ran? Des said the reservation was already canceled when we called to confirm our reservation. He said "it is spring  training and we are sold out, there is nothing we can or will do for you, we are busy so of course they just confirm your reservation." From the first sentence out of his mouth until the end of our conversation, he talked down to me the entire time! It was very rude and belittling in front of other guests. As furious as I was inside by what this guy was saying and how he was saying it, I remained calm and tried to speak to him nicely and figure out what was going to happen next. He said, "there are no two bed bedrooms available so oh well." This makes no sense to us. This is not our first time booking a hotel but this is the first time that the customer service was a ZERO. He did say "you can keep the room you have for the remainder of your stay but the rate is now $60 higher per night than when you made the reservation."  The room is not even worth a $60/night rate, nevertheless, $140! bit that the sta hotel screwed up and confirmed our reservation then we show up at midnight and do not have a room! This is the absolute worst hotel ever.   If you want clean towels to take a shower, forget it! They do not have clean towels until around 10am. Zero towels. What hotel does not have clean towels for guests in the morning? Answer: The Quality Inn, Phoenix Airport. Also, the shower curtain does not stay closed so you basically shower without a curtain.
1 Booked this hotel as a last resort before reading the reviews on yelp.  All are believable after seeing the place.  My advice, sleep in your rental car.  Photos I added are of my room which was the nicest of the 5 rooms I booked.  Others had really old worn carpet, random pieces of furniture.   Outside the paint was peeling everywhere the signs that say "not responsible for damaged or stolen cars." were reassuring.
