4 4 stars for delivery alone!    I've been in Arizona for almost 3 years, and tonight was the first time I had food delivered!  There are not many restaurants that deliver and the ones that do usually use an expensive delivery service of some sort... for some reason, I've never trusted those places.  So, it was time for dinner.  I realized I had no food in the house.  I was exhausted and it was cold out.  I had no desire to go out.  And then a light bulb went on in my head!  Asia Lee!  They left a menu on my door a few weeks ago and I didn't throw it away for this very reason!  I actually had their food once before for lunch one day when a group of us in the office decided to try it.  I will let it slide that the menu says they are located on 'MeDowell' and not McDowell; and that the map on the menu shows 'E. Washinaton' street instead of E. Washington.  The person that answered the phone sounded Chinese; that is a good sign considering this is a 'fine Chinese food' restaurant.  I don't know that I can give a truly fair review since I ordered really plain items from the menu:  egg drop soup and #96 - Steamed Bean Curd with Mixed Vegetable.  This is from the 'diet menu' and comes with white rice and sauce on the side.  However, I will say that the menu has everything you can imagine from a Chinese restaurant, and if it weren't the day after a week full of eating, I would've been more adventurous.  My food was fine.  It hit the spot.  I will order from them again... for convenience sake alone, give Asia Lee a shot!    ***Additional note:  Asia Lee offers a lunch special for just $5.95, you get your entree choice (from 33 options) served with roast pork fried rice or white rice and choice of soup, egg roll, crab rangoon, or soda.
4 This is the some of the yummiest Chinese food I've had since moving to AZ, and absolutely the yummiest Chinese delivery I have had since moving here.  I've only found three or four places total that have delivered, and all of them have been mediocre or worse, except for Asia Lee.  Everything I've gotten from them is delicious; last time I ordered Szechuan Beef, Pork Egg Foo Yung, and the free Chicken Fried Rice that comes with any order of $15 or more.  I wasn't a huge fan of the pork that came with the Egg Foo Yung, but the egg patties themselves are savory and delightful.  The Szechuan Beef is my absolute favorite, and it made a great lunch when I reheated it the next day, as welll.  I've never been inside the restaurant, so I can't vouch either way for the last review, but honestly, why would I go to the restaurant when I can have all the yumminess delivered right to my door?
2 I decided to walk in here on a whim, and kinda regret doing so. The food could have been pretty decent, but it was -extremely- oily. There was a visible puddle of oil left after I scooped the meat and veggies out of the plate they were delivered to, and onto the rice. Outside of that it was fine, it was pleasantly spicy, and would have otherwise been mediocre Chinese food (I prefer thai in any case).  This is definitely a place geared for delivery. The internal appearance was very dingy, and as another reviewer commented, there are boxes and things sitting around out in the main area. The service wasn't horrible; it's not exactly sit down service; you order from a counter, but I -did- have the food brought to my table.   Had the food not been so greasy (seriously, they could have used 1/4th the oil they did, which still would have been a little much, but certainly within the realm of 'okay' for my standards), and had the internal decor been a bit better (remove the boxes, ensure everything is clean and a bit better lit), and I could see giving this place another star or two...but as it was, I regretted going in.
3 The place looks kind of creepy. Several shady looking people were sitting, chatting, waiting, smoking on the parking lot. Not sure, if they all just meet there every night or what... I liked the duck they had. It had a good flavor and was good priced. The Lo Mein was extremely disappointing. The chicken and the beef was terrible. Maybe it was from a rubber chicken/cow. I would not recommend this place, except for the duck.
2 So after a ridiculous weekend  I decided there was absolutely no way I was doing anything today besides watching Real Housewifes of New Jersey and ordering chinese food. I actually managed to find 2 separate delivery menus, but ended up ordering from Asia Lee because they were cheaper and had a lower minimum delivery requirement. I also appreciated the "New York Style" note on the menu. An Arizona restaurant serving food from another country in the style of another state. It reminded me of a dream I had where I was the lead singer of a Green Day cover band that only did Journey songs, but in the style of Green Day. BTW, I'm totally starting that band.  I got hot and sour soup, kung pao chicken, and an eggroll. They're all sitting in front of me right now. Well, except the egg roll. That barely made it out of the bag.  The hot and sour soup is okay, but has too many undercooked carrots and not enough tofu.  The broth is a little weird too. If you like hot and sour soup, you might need to manage your expectations here.  Kung pao chicken is my go-to chinese entree because I need heat in my food or I feel like I'm not really eating. The heat is definitely lacking here, and I forgot to ask for Siracha. The lo mein is okay but also a little bland.  I'm still eating it, but not as quickly as I should be, because it's not that good. Plus, it's hard to eat while simultaneously being sickened by the atrocious hair on Real Housewifes of New Jersey. But that's not Asia Lee's fault. Two stars.
4 I am giving this 4 stars for 2 reasons.  1.  The food I have ordered is very tasty, especially the Orange Chicken and Crab Puffs.  2.  DELIVERY!!!!!  I will say I have not been in this restaurant, and from what I hear I don't want to be.  I have the ostrich syndrome, if I don't see it, it isn't there.  But I do like how the food tastes and it is DELIVERED in a timely manner, late at night too.  How many places can say they deliver something besides pizza?
4 I have gotten delivery from here numerous times andI think the food is very good.  I have gotten take out once and the place just looks old, not really modern.  But the people are friendly, even last minute before they close.  Maybe they would get more business if they moved locations, but there is really not much around here, so I like that they are close.
3 Nothing about this place was spectacular enough to rate more than three stars. Conversely, nothing about it was sufficiently negative to reduce them to two, or even one, star.  I had garlic chicken, my girlfriend has General Tso chicken. Hers was better.  Mine had an overabundance of veggies, and a lack of chicken.  The food was tasty, but not great.  The water was obviously tap water. I'm more than ok with that, but I think that's something that should be specified, when it clearly had no filtration of any kind.  The best thing I can say about this place is that the fortune cookies didn't taste like papier-mâché.  The little center it's in is very interesting; asian, mexican, mediterranean, and east african, all in one. Very strange.
2 This is one of the worst Chinese food I've eaten my entire life.  My shrimp and broccoli  combo entree was tasteless.   There's no flavor!!!  On top of that, the hot and sour soup has a thick layer of grease on top - ewww!!!!  Although, they have a niche market around this area as they are the only restaurant that does delivery!
1 Ordered delivery, lemon chicken sauce was too watery, pork egg roll was too salty and chicken fried rice was too bland. My husband got the fried dumplings and they tasted kind of funny. This morning I am definitely regretting eating it. If you don't want to spend the next morning in the bathroom, STAY AWAY!
3 I have to concur with some other reviewers comments that there was nothing remarkable one way or the other about the food here.  I've always enjoyed Asia Lee. It's a welcoming, if a bit dingy atmosphere and the folks there are always friendly. The wait is never too bad and the menu is fairly well rounded. It's a comfortable place to be.  But it's nothing special. The food is pretty decent, if not spectacular. Sometimes it's a bit dry. But overall, it's quick and cheap Chinese food and usually satisfies my desire.
2 There were pros and cons to this place...  Pros: Egg Rolls were great, Chicken Skewers were delicious, and the Pork Fried rice was good.  Cons: Delivery took over an hour and I live 3 1/2 miles down the same street. Over priced for the quality. Food was cold upon arrival. The Pu Pu Platter had 2 of the smallest pieces of shrimp I've ever seen, a chicken skewer, an egg roll, a bbq spare rib and some unknown fried piece of imitation seafood-$9.75 for this??? Come on...  Overall, while the majority of the food was OK, I don't think (like most have said) that it is anything out of the ordinary for a rinky-dink chinese delivery place. Definitely wasn't good enough to have an hour wait time on some delivery.   Unless you are CRAVING some Chinese and literally have no where else to order from, I'd be hesitant to order from here.
5 Yum yum in my tum tum! Perfect for delivery and if you are just wanting good ol fashion Chinese take out! Only place I order from
5 One of my favorite places for decent priced delivery. If you order from grub hub they have special perks like if you spend $25 you get a free large sweet and sour chicken. The prices are good for the amount of food you get, I usually spend no more than $30 and get four or five large entree's and rice that comes with each one. The food is great, but delivery takes a while.
4 Fast (including delivery)!  And reasonably priced.  We've been going to Asia Lee for a few years now.  Love the fact that they deliver.  Cause well sometimes you just don't feel like leaving the house, ya know.    Oh and if your order is over $15, you can get a free (select) entree - Usually either Fried Rice or Sweet and Sour Chicken.    Generous portions = Leftovers!  :)    Though the strip mall it's located in can be perceived as dicey, its not that bad of a location.  I love the fact that they've made all of the parking in front a "No Cab Zone".
1 The worst Chinese food I've had in Phoenix. The food was bland and lifeless. It was cheap, but who cares if the food has no flavor or substance.   My dad will eat anything and not complain, and he laughed at me and warned me AFTER I went there that it was bad. Not cool dad, not cool.   It's sad too because it's right around the corner from my dad's house.
5 Well being from Brooklyn NY and going to Ny Chinatown quite often I have been disappointed quite a number of times with the Chinese fare in in AZ.  That was until i found a menu for Asia Lee stuck on my door.  It said "NY Chinese Food"  I was like, ok let me try it out, first thing I saw was Shrimp Toast, and with that I was hooked because in the over the 10 years I have been here I have not seen this appetizer on any menu.  So I ordered and fell in love.  The food was exactly like back home, down to the spare ribs and fried/steamed dumplings.  They got the Egg Drop Soup right  and the Wonton Soup was perfect.  The General Tso's Shrimp is a must order.  They also can add extra if you like, for example I ordered the Pepper Steak Dinner and asked for $2.00 extra beef and to make it very spicy and bang!!! No problem, while other place would not do it even when I say I'll pay for the extra.  Delivery is great 9/10 of the time, but once in a great while they do get busy and can be up to 45 min wait for the food but the food does come hot, I have been ordering from this lace for 5 years plus and NEVER received cold food on a home delivery.  I cannot comment on dining because I have always ordered delivery.  Menu is stacked and with all kinds of great tasting dishes and can me altered to your taste with no attitude from the staff, so those who complain about the taste, open your mouth and say something they will adjust it for you.  I had some idiot say Panda Express tasted better. PFFFT Panda Express is NOT chinese food and taste horrible.  Also if you order over a certain amount you get freebies and not cheap ones either so make sure you have a menu at home.  My only regret is that they do not have Twice Cooked Pork which is a tough dish to find but I am happy with the rest.  Enjoy!!!
4 Visiting town from San Diego for a month and this place was so great it inspired me to write my first review.  This place is fantastic. Delivered to my hotel in record time and the food was still piping hot. I ordered steamed dumplings, pepper steak with onion, and hot and sour soup.  Dumplings come either steamed or fried and the ponzu sauce with it tasted home made and was simply amazing. The pepper steak was fantastic, the best I've ever had. They were out of green onions so zucchini and mushrooms were added instead, it was still fabulous. Hot and sour soup was some of the best I've ever had - crispy noodles that came with it were slightly stale (tasted weird) and so took off a star for that.   This meal was otherwise perfect and I will definitely be ordering here again. If you're expecting fried familiar Chinese expect to be disappointed, I'm pretty sure that's why you see so many reviews describing this as "bland". This is not the overly seasoned fried sweet and sour sugar confection you're likely used to. This is fresh, flavorful, and a word I've never used for Chinese food before: subtle. Tons of veggies and TONS of meat, hands down some of the best Chinese food I've ever had.
4 Ordered for the first time from Asia Lee delivery online.    The spring rolls are excellent!  The Moo Shu Pork is yummy delicious and worth the price.  They give 4 pancakes, which is plenty for the size of the order.. but you can ask for more.  I also ordered a small portion of shrimp in lobster sauce, and although it wasn't bad, it wasn't anything fabulous either.  Very few shrimp, tons of fill-in veggies like bell pepper and onions.  It really wasn't a lobster sauce, but as I said, it still was tasty enough.  In a nut shell:  Ordering online was convenient and efficient.  Delivery came within the hours, all things hot.  Prices are reasonable, delivery charge is only  $2., and the minimum is only $12.  That's a good deal!  I will use these guys again!  Just have to find the right combination for my order.  I recommend trying them for fast, convenient Chinese food delivery in Phoenix.
2 Went here the other day as a co-worker suggested it... got the shrimp and veggie with fried rice...... ehhh... the rice was super dry  and the shrimp and veggies had no flavor! I will say...a little disappointed. Well guess i will venture on to another spot and try it...  EEAY (Explore Eat And Yelp!)
1 Really bad food.  They use cheapest cuts of meat.  Ordered chicken egg foo young it was very dense. Chicken was thight meat reminded me of buffet crap.  Dumplings worst ever must be frozen.  Beef on stick omg is that beef?  Talk about overcooked fatty mystery meat.  Curry chicken seemed like the only thing they cooked from scratch it wasn't that bad but they laoded it down w cheap onions and carrots.  Sweet n sour chicken was deep fried chicken w sauce on side.  Pretty much low budge buffet food but very expensive.  Never again what a waste.  My husband literally picked it all up in disgust and threw that shit in the garbage.  Company said they would refund my money and get back to me they didnt and they didnt.  They suck read the reviews first all the good ones have to be relatives friends or bullshit.
1 I was once again tricked by the claim that it was like new york style Chinese food not even close I don't think they could even  pass for  Chinese food by itself I had lunch there today at 12:30 2 other people in the restaurant that should have been my first clue I ordered BBQ ribs They almost ripped out my teeth trying to chew on the meat it was smothered in store bought BBQ sauce definitely not Asian style next I had 1 pork egg roll it tasted like a frozen type you get in a super market last but not least i tried the shrimp toast  it was a greasy over cooked piece of i don't know what  This is my first review i usually never waste my time complaining but I needed to get the word out I love food and I work hard for my money and this place not only wasted my money and time i had to go and have lunch after this place because it was horrible and as I'm writing this about 2 hours after my experience my stomach is doing back flips i hope i make it threw the night without puking
2 I am always open to Asian restaurants because I live for Asian food but I was not impressed with Asia Lee. I'm usually careful about reading reviews and sometimes I think "oh well, maybe I will try it for myself and not go by how many stars or good reviews it has" but AL is just not good. I ordered the sweet and sour chicken and some sort of beef and they both came a) not hot or warm b) hard and c) overpriced for the quality of food...  I guess it's good if you're really hungry or maybe a little drunk but... I didn't enjoy it... But maybe it was just a bad evening for Asia... Stay tuned...
1 The prices keep tempting me to try this place again, but I have already given them two chances already and they came up way short.  I think some critics here on yelp often have unrealistic expectations.  This place is cheap and I do not expect a five star dining experience, However i do expect them to get my order right and not to throw away food because it simply is pretty bad.
1 This was probably the worst Chinese takeout I've ever had, and I've tried some pretty sketchy places, being from L.A. and all. I ordered the food for delivery, and it arrived fast, so that was good but that's where the good ends.  I tried a smorgasbord of different dishes, partially to meet the minimum delivery requirement and partially because I like to eat a lot. The fried rice is the only thing I finished, even though it was very, very bland, but yet still greasy. I tried the spare ribs and spit out the first bite. The cream cheese wontons are okay. The pork egg roll tasted a bit weird. I just...no.
4 First time going there we got a flier on our door so we decided to try it! The spring roll that was included was delicious! The steamed dumplings were delicious! We ordered the schezwan shrimp and pork fried rice is was great! The area it's in is alright! The food was already prepared for me by the time I got there to pick it up.  The people there are really nice! Next time were going to order a different dish! We also ordered the egg flower soup delicious!
5 I live down the street from this restaurant and was so ecstatic when I came upon it!!  The thing I love the most about an Asian place is the egg roll and the fried rice, this place DEF has the best in both!  I usually switch up my orders every once in awhile and have yet to eat anything I didn't like there.  The staff is quiet but friendly and the complex isn't the best but the food makes up for all that.
1 Some thing has changed recently here and not for the better, last time I ordered the food did not arrive until about 1 hour and a half later (Grubhub's estimated 40 min) food was lukewarm and not hot, They changed the dumplings to exactly the type I have seen in the WalMart frozen food section. Shrimp Toast was burnt. Very disappointed this place has gone downhill used to be excellent service and quality food. Will never order from this place again. Tried to complain and basically was blown off.
1 They don't even deserve 1 star..... Called to place and order, they barely speak English and you can barely understand what they are saying.. Made sure they delivered to my area... An hour later they call and say something about my address being you far and the driver was on his way back and I could cancel or wait another 45 minutes... WORST SERVICE EVER!!! Wasted over an hour of my time..
5 I loved it! What a place! This is the first Chinese restaurant I've ordered from in Tempe that actually has respectable food. This will always be my first choice for delivery. The vegetables taste fresh and delicious, the chicken has just the right amount of sauce, and the rice portions are perfect as always.
3 My brother placed a delivery order from here last night. He ordered the kung pao chicken, beef with broccoli, some shrimp thing, fried rice, egg rolls, and crab ragoons. I believe they said the delivery time would be about 40 minutes but they delivered it was quicker than that. I tried a little bit of everything except for the eggrolls and it was pretty bland. It wasn't terrible tasting but it didn't make my taste buds dance either. The kung pao chicken wasn't spicy at all which saddened me. My fortune from my cookie read "How dark is dark?" That made me giggle a bit. I gave three stars instead of two for how friendly and fast they were.
