2 This gym has gone to hell in the last year or so. I don't know if it is managment or corporate or what. It is not as clean as it used to be, I feel dirtier after leaving the locker room than when I went in. Paper towels? Soap? Dream on... I used to see cleaning people every day. Now maybe once or twice a week. The front desk staff seems like they would rather be getting a root canal than actually helping members. Equipment is "being repaired" for weeks at a time. Unacceptable. Inconsiderate members don't re-rack weights, fine but then Gold's should have employees working the floor cleaning up after them. But no, they usually only have one employee at the desk and they can't go out from behind it. This is Scottsdale, people expect more. I know two people who have quit recently and I have one foot out the door......
2 So obviously someone from Gold's read this. They have made some improvements in the last couple of weeks. Employees have begun to pick up/arrange weights. All the urinals in men's room now flush! Yay, doesn't smell so much like an outhouse in there. Keep improving Golds...
1 After having email discussions with the manager about the drinking fountain being disgustingly filthy (I was told it was "hard water buildup" and that it wasn't mold, crust, etc. that I said it was. I have a biology degree thanks, I know organic growth when I see it), I quit Golds finally. But not before getting the run around on cancelling! My membership paperwork says to cancel, call an 800 number. The people @ the 800 number say you can't cancel over the phone, ONLY through the CLUB MANAGER personally. I go early morning before Manager Princess Buttercup gets to work so I had to make a trip there in the afternoon to just cancel. I called first to make sure HRH would even be there, I was told "probably" but no guarantees. (first the guy on the phone says, "May I ask your name to see if she will take your call? No, she wouldn't.)  Nice. I get there and then she didn't even come out of her office, she sends her assistant to do it. He tries to get me to stay by offering me $19 a month membership. NO THANKS, I can go to the mall and pick up pathogens for free!!!!!   DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY. DO NOT GO THERE.
1 Lets just say I have had fair experience dealing with gym memberships, but this gym is the absolute worst.. they will say anything and everything to get one to join, then they fail to meet their verbal promises.  They don't tell you that they are franchised, and that you cannot use other fitness clubs in other states; petty things such as this make for a terrible experience!! I relocated to NYC and was told that I could not use my membership, that I would have to pay $325 to cancel, and then pay the sign ups cost, et cetera... to rejoin in NYC.. The adviser I signed up with, specifically stated that my membership was transferable..  Long, long story short, the staff refused to help at the location, and i had to deal with an operator in Calcutta to negotiate getting out of my membership.. THANKS FOR NOTHING!!!
1 The rating would have been 2 stars but after our dealing today it is not worth 2 stars. When trying to cancel our membership we were told that even though we were now on a month to month contract we would have to pay into December regardless. We apparently were a few days over our 30 days notice.... that as we were repeatedly told.... is in the contract we originally signed. The assistant conveniently mentioned this after we signed our termination agreement. When we asked to speak to the manager she said it was out of her hands.....what is the point of being a manager?.....They were perfectly capable of reducing our monthly payments when we informed them we  wanted to leave...but waiving a ridiculous fee which is the equivelent to stealing is out of their hands.....so a tip for everyone who wants to reduce their monthly fees....threaten to join another gym. Beyond that the gym can get very hot, bathrooms are often left in a mess and there can be long waits for equipment.....these things we often overlooked because no where is going to be perfect....but it is out of our hands now.
3 This is a gym with no frills. No sauna, no swimming pool, no basketball court.   The equipment is fine and everything is needed.   Not too many muscle heads, which is fine.   The entertainment system for the cardio is really lacking. The owner has to be Republican because if you use the cardio equipment, it's Fox News, ESPN, ESPN 2, Fox News, ESPN, ESPN 2 and Fox News again. CNN is on the side. LOL.   They installed some awkward movie theater which plays blockbuster movies. Not such a bad idea but nobody uses it.   The music is not the best programming either, but it's decent for a gym. Quite a bit of arena rock, which is good.   The staff is fine, they don't bother you.   I don't take my kids there, I do not think kids would like it. I did not see a kid's room. Very few mothers with kids, indeed if I saw one once.  Once in a while you spot a B-listed celebrity.
4 "Yeah I grunt when I get my swell on at the gym--that's so everyone can see how jacked and tan I am!"  I've been a member for 3 yrs, and I have to say both both the facility and its members are no-nonsense for the most part.  I work out at peak times during the week, but rarely wait long (if at all) for equipment.  If you're looking for a pool, b-ball courts, sauna, steam room, or even towel service--you are at the wrong gym my friend!  However, if you're looking for an impressive selection of free weights, ridiculously cheap rates, and never having to wait for cardio equipment I highly recommend it.  About the only thing that irks me is pretty much all the treadmills vibrate like crazy b/c they need to adjust the feet so the damn things lie flat.  I swear, if I get the wrong one I sound like bigfoot.  For those with Scottsdale phobias--particularly N Scottsdale--take comfort that most of the crowd that's looking to see-and-be-seen is working out either at Lifetime, DC Ranch, or Gainey Ranch.  I would guess median age here is around 35+ and almost everyone shows up to take care of business.
2 I was a member of Golds Gyam Simi Valley, Ca. for years, I moved to AZ a month ago and wanted to continue my membership with Golds here. I was extreemly shocked as to how dated the facility looked. no flat screens , horrible ventillation, old equipment with crackeling material. I stayed on as I was told I would not have to put a down payment and they took 5.00 off my membership. When I find a job and resume a steady income out here I am moving on sad to say.
3 I used to be a member here, then I went to Lifetime.  I came back, because I really need a utilitarian gym.  I am not here to socialize or worry about any one else.  I can come with absolutely no make up and whatever I want to wear.  I really love Paula's Body Pump class.  I rarely miss it.
1 I am completely disgusted with this gym. My boyfriend has been a member for over 3 years and has an auto pay feature for his monthly billing.  Three months ago his credit card # was renewed with a new expiration date.  Since the card # didn't change he didn't realize he had to update with Gold's Gym.  Last week we received a phone call from a collection agency telling us we were delinquent on our account for over $300.  Gold's Gym never tried contacting us to let us know there was an issue with the billing or to ask about where we have been.  NOTHING was ever said.  When we called Gold's Gym they said we could settle with them but there was a $25 late fee for each month on top of what we owed them.  They were very rude about the charges and said "It is what it is".  Are you serious??? He has stated he will never attend that gym again and we are looking into our new membership at Life Time Fitness.  The people who work at this gym SUCK!
4 I am going to keep this review brief so I don't accidentally write some smart ass comment about steroids or orange skin and have some giant gorilla beat the sh&# out of me in the parking lot.    The membership deal is a good value. It's not too busy. They have decent equipment. They repair broken machines rather quickly. They have plenty of convenient parking. And a nice location near a whole foods and costco.
1 If you do roids and like to leave weights on machines instead of re-racking then this place is for you.  The only people left at this gym are people too cheap to go to Lifetime or hardcore steroid users.    I thought my acct was canceled several months ago only to just get a past due bill.  They are losing members and appear to be doing everything they can to make it difficult to end your membership.    I recommend avoiding this place.  There are much nicer gyms in the area.
4 One of the the greatest joys in my life is to sneak away from work at lunch and lift heavy things until I'm ready to pass out.  To wit, I need a gym close to the office.  This gym is beautiful!  The equipment is well maintained, the locker rooms are clean and private showering is available.  Anyone that's been to LA Fitness will understand what a joy it is to not have saggy old man-bits smacking you in the head.  Gold's is open 24/7, which is very nice considering my somewhat sporadic schedule.  All things said, I'm very pleased with my new gym!
3 Decent gym for the price. LOTS of guys, not many women go here. There are a couple cute ones. Equipment kind of old, but you can get your work out done. People here are ok, typical gym rats. Parking never a problem and gym is hardly ever really packed.
4 This is a no frills type of gym.  It has adequate equipment though not the most up to date.  The gym is hardly packed, so it's not usually an issue.  The benefits are that it is open 24/7 has an ample parking and most of the staff is nice.  They have a decent amount of class offerings and the promotion they are running is the best I've seen.    This gym definitely is targeted towards the older crowd or men who like their weights.    They have a conveniently located nutrition store next door as well as a protein bar inside of the gym (as well as kids area).  Overall for the price, if you are there for working out and not "working it" this place is great.
5 Yep. A five star review.  This place is exactly what I was looking for in a gym.  It is inexpensive without being cheap. No contracts.  Great classes. Very clean.  The childcare is very good.   If I could change anything it would be:  -the dumbass airpark drivers who wont let you make a left-hand turn out of the place -more yoga classes -their yelp page that says "not good for children." Are you kidding? The child care is the reason I found Gold's to begin with.
4 I loved my gym in KC. L.O.V.E.D. It was affordable, RIGHT across the street, had classes I liked, was clean, etc. etc. etc. I was so worried I'd never find a gym love again.  I was wrong! And in North Scottsdale!?   (Sure, there are Real Housewives of Sdale, meat heads and a few walking eating disorders that clearly need an intervention..but not many!)  El boyfriendo has been a member of this gym for YEARS. That alone made me give it a shot. I unfairly had a preconceived notion that Gold's = dark weight rooms aaaaand that's it. So not true!  The place is big. Tons of cardio machines (tradmills, ellipticals, stair climbers), tons of weight machines, a separate women's only section for big babies like myself who don't wanna lift weights around Ahnold, etc. There is a spinning room (classes are always full), another class room for Zumba, yoga, body pump, etc. and a theatre set with cardio machines if you want to watch a movie while you sweat. Sweet!  I'm on the $19.95/month plan, which gets me into all the classes, and I can bring a guest whenever I want. Sadly, their class schedule really doesn't work for me, so I'm thinking I'm just going to drop down to the $9.95 plan with just the basic gym.  Still a great deal for the amenities, the quality and cleanliness of the gym and the area. AND it's 24 hours! What else could you need!?
3 Make sure you read the fine print before signing a contract. The Golds on tbird has better machines and upkeep. I see the staff always re racking other peoples mess at tbird. Plus tbird has tanning but not scottsdale. Just a theater no one seems to use. I pay more than most and cannot bring a guest and if I want to change and sign a different contract I have to pay a cancel fee even if I extend my contract.
2 The sign out front read: "$9.95/month, no contracts, no gimmicks" or something to that effect. I thought that was incredibly inexpensive and wondered how that could be. What's the catch?  1. Well, the sign they had out front was deceptive as I paid $50 or more (can't remember exactly how much) up front and then 3 months later they charge you another $40 to "lock in and guarantee" your low monthly rate for the year. What a crock of s*&t.   2. The gym is not air conditioned!! At least it doesn't feel like it is. They have these huge industrial fans blowing all over but it's warm in there - totally inadequate cooling system.   3. Equipment not well-maintained. I get on a recumbent bike, it rattles. I get off it and move to the next one, same thing. I move again, this one is creaking and noisy. Same thing with the elipticals. I can't believe how they neglect to regularly maintain/check their cardio machines. I've been a member for a few months and the same machines have the same problems as they did when I joined. No one is actively checking the machines. Outdated machines.  4. Lots of tattooed d-bag types work out here.   5. Really poor selection of weights for women. The main weight lifting area is not very girl-friendly but there is a women's weight room. However, the women's room has only a small selection of weights so if more than 2 people are using them at one time, there will be a shortage. They also have no super light weights (ie under 5 lbs). Some member must have accidentally left their own personal weights there because the one 3 lb. set of pink weights I found in there to use had someone's name written on them. I've considered bringing my own weights from home.   The gym itself is decent for the price overall but I'm disappointed in this facility.
2 I go to North Scottsdale Gold' Gym. The gym and the equipments are excellent. Me and my husband are enrolled in 2 year contract.  While signing the contract they said we have to pay 23 per person/month. They never mentioned that there is some semi annual fees in between.. And I have been charged 37.99 and 40 for my husband this month.  BEWARE OF THE HIDDEN CHARGES THEY HAVE. Soon I am going to cancel my membership.
1 WARNING!!!! YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO CANCEL  Canceling gold's gym is like pulling teeth. They actually REJECTED my cancellation saying that I did not have sufficient reasons because my new address is 24 miles away from the gym "as the crow flies"... we all know in AZ that nearly covers the whole valley. The process is asinine- you have to MAIL them a certified letter and await a response. This is a horrible way to do business and is evidence that they are bleeding membership. Stay away if you don't want to get into a contract more binding than a marriage!
2 I think this Gold's Gym is great for guys who want to lift & run on a treadmill, but it is personally not for me. After being a member of LifeTime & going to the Village and Mountainside, Gold's just doesn't compare. The facility is much bigger than it looks from the outside. They have lots of machines and weights as well as a women's only room (machines and weights), spin studio & group class studio. It's really affordable compared to the above gyms but it is just missing an X factor for me.
4 This gym is exactly what I need it to be: inexpensive and efficient. It's not the place for bells and whistles, so look elsewhere for the pool and sauna and juice bar.   I come here for the treadmill, the elliptical and a few machines in the ladies gym. When things are broken, they get fixed. The staff are friendly and always available for questions or advice or assistance.   The members are a mix of pretty people, meatheads, old dudes, wrinkly old ladies and everyone else.   I used to belong to one of those fancy, expensive, bells and whistles gyms and I ended up using the same machines I use at Golds. So for me, it's a no brainer.  Happy sweating!
2 Just to follow up: now that the weather is cold/cool outside, the air in the gym is stuffy, warm and humid. No air circulating and it smells! The equipment is still rickety/broken/poorly maintained. Don't they read their reviews ???
3 2 months ago I spoke with a manager about some of the maintenance issues.... Many overhead lights out for example. She said they were working on it. Well, nothing's changed... Machines still broken .. Water pressure is weak.... Oh well , you get what you pay for.
3 As Mike S. mentions on 01/20/2013, there are a number of aesthetic issues that need to be addressed at this gym...and sanitary issues as well.  I joined a little over a month ago for a cheap monthly payment and good equipment, and now I just want to get out!  I have come to find that there is no janitorial service in the ladie's room whatsoever (multiple toilets plugged up/broken, toilet paper all over, overflowing trash cans), sinks broken for long periods of time, and the staff appears to turn the other cheek to it.    CANCELLATION PROCESS is AWFUL...I asked front desk to cancel, they told me to call the 800# on my card, I called them and the prompt states to send an email to cancelme@fiserve.com, I send an email and three days later, I get a confirmation that their server rejected it and it was undelivered.  In the meanwhile, I called CS and spoke w/ a rep and requested cancel. After I desribed the gross conditions, they cancelled my membership, effective a month out. So they still want me to pay for another month, when I don't want to continue with them, due to a 30 day cancellation clause in the contract.  If you join, just go in with a lot of hand sanitizer.  Or you can go to YouFit for $10/month, no contract, no cancellation fees, it's brand new, eco-friendly, and super clean.  I'm gonna check them out!
5 We live in VA and visit Scottsdale every winter. Always look forward to maintaining our workout routine at Golds. Trent is very helpful and the rest of the staff are always friendly.
4 I just became a member here and workout at two different gyms.  Here's a breakdown of this one:  Pros + Clean. + Nice, modern equipment. + They have a theater workout room where you can watch a movie while riding a bike, elliptical, or treadmill. + Lots of free weights. + They're very strict with watching who goes in/out of the gym, there's a gate that you have to swipe your membership card to get in/out.  Cons - Not enough elliptical machines with the moving handles.  Oftentimes you have to wait a long time to get on one if it's busy. - There are a lot of huge bodybuilder types here.  If you're not built like them, using the free weights is a little intimidating. - Parking can be tight, especially when it's busy.  This gym is definitely not for the average person who's self-conscious.  Tons of beautiful people here.  Return Factor - 80%
4 Great gym! I have been to a few others in the area and I like this one the most. When it comes to amenities and other gym/spa-like add-ons Gold's is slacking, but I don't care, it's not why I came to the gym. Gold's has a lot of workout equipment, it's great! I have found myself at other gyms getting frustrated waiting for the equipment I want to open up. That rarely happens at Gold's, however, I try my hardest to avoid PTGT (prime time gym time 4:30-7:00). I really like how many dumbbells they have, it's awesome! They also got some new boxing style equipment. This place is great if you're looking for a solid gym to work out.
1 I was so excited about Gold's Gym. I tried a 7 day pass in California because I really liked the service and the gym itself. However, when I signed up with the membership at this location, I found it to be extremely disappointed and dissatisfied.   My first visit was a quick walk around the gym with the general manager. After our walk, Trent asked if I could write a good review on Yelp without experimenting their service.  On my second visit at the gym, for my free session, I was scheduled with Daniel, the training manager. I quickly notified the receptionist, but I had to wait since Daniel was with someone else. While I was waiting, I went to the elliptical and did some cardio and after a couple of minuted Daniel approached me. In no way did I receive any training. I was not even shown how to use the equipment. I was only shown how to squat and plank, so after showing me how to do a squat and plank, Daniel walked me back to his desk to go over the training rates. When I asked how to use the weight machines, he stated, "You look like you already worked out" and refused to give me instructions on the machines. This only shows that Daniel was not interested in me, as a member/client of the gym but my money.   I did not feel equipped to start my workout so I felt obligated to hire a personal trainer. When I called in to make sure of my appointment to start my personal training sessions, I was not scheduled in the system. I did not even receive an apology, but a statement saying there was "no appointment scheduled with you". I also asked to speak to the manager to make a complaint but the receptionists response was, "you'll have to call back Monday".  OVERALL, THIS GYM IS VERY UNPROFESSIONAL AND HAS HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
1 Update: Wow, possibly the worst customer service experience I've ever had -- which is really saying something!! I have a month-to-month membership and was told there are no additional annual fees. (Apparently I made the mistake of trusting them at their word, at not reading about a *rate guarantee* fee that they charge in addition each year.)  My credit card number was stolen and I had to get a new card this month. Now, these crooks want me to pay a $25 bounce fee in addition to the monthly charge and my standard monthly rate. I thought that was hilarious and told them they were extremely misleading about their practices and that I will find another gym. I then was told that even after cancelling I'd have to pay up my account balance or it will be sent to collections.  I'm absolutely disgusted and now have to go on my birthday to try to get out of this sleezy gym in-person. I knew everything seemed a little sketchy when I started going there. BIG MISTAKE.
1 ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous gym!!  i hope the manager reads this. in fact i know the manager will read this.   this gym lacks professionalism in every corner possible! i hope everyone reads this before making their decision of going to this filth place! the manager beats behind the bush, avoiding any calls of complaint! the staff are horrible & need to be replaced! no care in providing customer service what so ever. & Daniel pathetic.... trying to only sell sell sell. who ever hired him must have not known the lack of experience he carries. lifetime, 24, la fitness are your best bets. run run run! this gym is again ridiculous and only wants your money.  i hope i get a feedback on this because i would love to hear what you gotta say! thank you yelp for the opportunity to speak!
2 Take a few classes there.  2 must do ASAP...start and end classes on time.  They often start late and the Instructor assumes attendees can stay late.  Sorry the client is the paying customer and should not be expected to bend their  schedule for instructor.   Also, instructors who have produced exercise videos, do facials, etc should not shill their second business to Golds clients.....very tacky  and unprofessional..
1 The GM here (Trent) has ZERO customer service! He's needs to get off his high horse and learn how to treat members/guests. How he landed this job baffles me. He thinks his s*** doesn't stink and is demeaning to women. I would go back the day this clown gets fired! NO CUSTOMER service what so ever!!
5 This is one of the best Gold's that I have been to. The people there are awesome and nice, and the equipment is in great shape. You're never waiting around hoping to use a certain machine. I was new to the area, and Trent helped me out big time by making me feel welcomed there. All their management personnel treat you as if you were a best friend, and are always there to help.  Great gym, and a great atmosphere!
1 Holy crap.... what has this world come to. Customer service does not exist anymore. When you are joining they are there to hold your hand and wipe your ass and then once you are trying to leave they kick you in the ass. Trent one of the salesmen, sorry, managers, that work there told me I would not get fined for cancelling and what do you know I get charged. I work at a very nice restaurant and no matter what we take care of the customer, especially when we mess up.   You should know that what you are telling your guest is a fact, not what you think....  CMON people learn to do your jobs correctly, especially something so god damn simple.   funny thing too i said F*** you to him and hung up and the guy has the nerve to call back and talk shit... lololol pretty sure you should get fired for that...
3 The gym itself is very inexpensive so its great if u dont wanna spend the extra money other gyms charge... I mean 15 bucks a month is pretty awesome. Obviously u get what u pay for though. A lot of the machines are horribly maintained, frayed cables and shitty pulleys. Considering all I need is the free weights, its not that bad, its kinda hard to fuck that up. Their employees are douche bags, especially their late night ppl, but once again I don't really go to socialize w them so fuck it. Gym gets 3 stars for convenience and good amount of equipment for the great price. Yes shitty  maintenance and dirtier than other gyms but for the price what do u expect?
4 This gym has the absolute best Zumba class in town!  Nichet Smith teaches Tuesday mornings and Wenesday nights, and the energy is fantastic.  It's a challenging class, but she definitely encourages doing part of a step until you master the whole thing (maybe just the feet, or just the arms, initially) and her infectious energy and humor keep the whole room smiling through the hard work!  This is the most fun you can have burning calories.  It looks a little silly but if you give it your all, you really improve.  I've been going to the class for several years, and it has grown to the point where the room is pretty full (don't let that discourage you - we can always squeeze in a few more!).  Some of the students have become really amazing!!   4 stars because the sound system goes out frequently and management doesn't seem interested in doing anything about it - it's been happening for years.    The rest of the gym is clean and serviceable.  The equipment works well and isn't the newest, but is by no means old.  I used to come early in the morning and after work, and rarely had to wait at all for a treadmill or eliptical machine.  The weiights and lifting machines are good, the bathrooms are clean (although the showers are small and dark) and the dressing rooms are nice.  I've never tried the personal trainers or the day care center, but both exist, and there's a women's only room as well.  For $15.95/month + a few annual fees, it's a steal!
5 If you're looking for an amazing class that'll keep your heart rate up and burn those calories FAST you want to make sure you take Nichet's Zumba class. She does sensazao zumba, which is a little more intense than regular zumba. Absolutely LOVE the class. It'll kick your butt, in the best way possible.
4 I've been to this gym for a Good week or two.and I'm enjoying it so far. For the price,.its.pretty good. The place is clean, the staff so.far, are great, only complaint is I wish they had more machines with televisions.
3 Gym is okay.. Lots if lifting equipment but everything looks kind of outdated. I'm nota huge gym rat or anything. I don't even live in Scottsdale, I fortunantly have my own gym in my apartment complex back home.  However this place has an abundance of equipment and variety of it. I workout only my legs glutes abs hips and if my arms and back catch a slight workout as well so be it.  Little rooms and areas to work out in which is nice. Did not see a mirrored room which would be helpful to see if I'm doing things correctly in catching my proper muscles.   Wasn't packed so no need to wait at the gym for anyone else on a machine.
4 Time to sweat! This place is hit or miss but I can't judge yet bcuz we still have the New Years Resolution Crowd in attendance! :)
3 Gold's Gym is your average gym. Founded back in 1965, on the beaches of Venice (California, not Italy), Joe Gold created a franchise that helped bring fitness and physique into the mainstream. Since then, you can find gyms ranging from massive resort-style (like the Village Health Club) to specialized (like Gilbert Crossfit). This Gold's is right about in the middle.  -Inexpensive membership fee. Mine is about $10/mo with an annual "keep your same rate" fee of about $40. Compared to LA Fitness (where I have a $25/mo membership), Gold's wins on price. Wait until one of their deals comes around to sign up.  -Location is great for me. Right off the 101/Raintree is easy access and along my commute.  -Not too busy. It never feels as packed as LA Fitness, even during rush hour.  -The weights and machines are average, but exactly what I need. Good assortment of cardio equipment. I particularly like that they added a TRX, kettle bell set, punching bag and heavy rope. There's also foam rollers available to massage away knots.  -One of their policies used to irk me: Bring a towel. Now, I'm NOT the kind to leave a machine a mess. At LA Fitness, with no policy of this kind, I used paper towels and sanitizer. Since that's not very environmentally friendly, I'm now on board with the whole bring-your-own-towel thing.  All around bang for your buck gym.
4 I was previously a member here and left bc I moved across the st from Lifetime. Since then I was at LA Fitness and now back here. For 9.95 a month, no enrollment, use of every Golds except downtown, and open 24 hrs, it just can't be beat.  Another VERY important piece, they have FREE WIFI.  Now you would think this is a given, but Lifetimes has NEVER worked, and LA just didn't have it. The costs of the extra gig of data I don't have to buy now, just paid for my membership. Yeah, there are some meat heads, but I'd take that over the Scottsdale Social hour any day of the week. Why not 5 stars? Bathroom cleanliness.  No excuse. I never was one for showering at the gym anyway. But at least they could clean the toilets.
3 Can't beat the prices! My boyfriend's membership is dirt cheap and I can go with him as a guest anytime for free!   I've never had to wait for a cardio machine and the weight section can fill up, but it's never crowded. I like the option of the separate women's room with its own cardio, weight machines and free weights as well.  It's clean, and the locker rooms are decent. If there was a pool and more group classes (including more spin because I've never seen that room in use and yoga that looked more like vinyasa and less like sitting and breathing), I would join too. For what it is, it gets the job done for a date night at the gym.
1 Zero stars. Is that even possible? Absolutely awful customer service. A friend bought me a membership and I already had a gym membership so declined to use it. Never signed a single contract nor set foot in the gym. Have been repeatedly harassed for payment when I DID NOT AUTHORIZE nor want this! I asked them to produce a contract w my signature which they could not. They have now sent me to collections. Next call is to the Better Business Bureau. The collection company was as awful as the gym management. Stated 'you are lying' and would not even listen to an explanation. RUN do not patronize this unethical business. The only liars are the management at Golds Gym. How can this even be permitted?
5 I'm giving 5 stars solely due to the instructors in the classes I frequent here at the north sight location.  Boot camp, extreme boxing and Zumba here are among the best I've been to. Instructors are top notch (one just published a book on amazon!!!) they kick your ass and ask you about your work week. Low monthly costs, free guest every time you go, smoothie place next door. Haven't had to interact much with the employees but the gals at the front desk are always super sweet.
1 Terrible Experience.   My cousin and I went in the other day to request a 7 day pass to try out the gym. First..nobody was overly excited for us to be there. Then...we get told that AFTER we work out we will receive a tour. Does that make any sense? So we were left to our own devices to walk around and see what was what.  So we pick a treadmill, which, are old and shaky and make lots of noises. When we see the sign for "must have towel to wipe down machine." This is when we start looking all over for some sort of cleaning wipe or spray. None. DISGUSTING. Do you expect people to just..wipe off their sweaty machine with their sweaty towel? Gross. Ok..so we moved to the ab room...which stunk to high heaven of B.O. While in there..several extremely old, extremely sweaty men proceeded to us ab balls, machines and mats and not clean any of them off after leaving. We were so grossed out we ended our workout short to leave.  On the way out, we finally noticed one tiny cleaning spray bottle tucked away, obviously not being used.   If gold's gyms are all like this one..i do NOT understand the hype.
1 I was working out and minding my own business when a gym member came up to me and attacked my physical attributes, calling me fat, worthless, and even went to the extent of telling me to go starve myself and to learn how to use a treadmill. I went and told the manager and was told that if it happens again to come talk to them. This is a toxic gym that has no professional attributes to it whatsoever. It is a waste of money. Management is awful. They take no responsibility for what goes on within their gym and do NOT hold their members accountable for their actions.
1 As per usual with gyms like Gold's, beware of the hidden fees. Gym is okay....equipment and surroundings are dated and past their prime. Make sure you read the fine print. I just went to quit my contract and found out I had been charged a fee of $39 for annual renewal, whatever that entails. You need to give 31 days notice of quitting so they can gouge another months fee out of you. The lady Amanda told me that I was unlikely to get a refund on the annual fee I saw and that I was to be charged another month also. They don't really care if you are unhappy at Gold's. They just want to get as much cash out of you as possible. I will continue to work out at my apartment complex at Camden. Much nicer and free bottled water.
1 If you're interested in hidden fees and poor customer service, this is the place for you. Otherwise, run away! You can thank me later...
4 This is where I get the permission slip to eat, I use a personal trainer here and in 30 minutes, "I almost cant finish this" I am toast......  Just go in and ask for "DEATH BY GERRY" that's what I call it (the effectionate term) for getting blasted, a full body workout that will not overwork just one muscle, and you will be satisfied. (and finished) I am not a group fitness guy, but Im not against it either. I just happen to get a great workout from having a 1-to-1 coach like Gerry, He is a cool cat..
1 Over sold with the 9.99 a month membership, trainers are rude and need to workout more themselves ( a female trainer was enjoying her latte while working with a client ) equipment is crappy ( tears in the bench coverings ) definitely will be finding another gym....
