4 Coming here just reminded me how much I hate Walmart.   I live closer to Walmart so I get used to going there for ease of access.  I could go off about how much I hate Walmart, and how much bettef frys is.......but ill refrain.   Frys is easy to get in, and check out seems quicker than the other 2 options in Maricopa.   Good meat selection, fresh vegies, large liquor selection.
4 This actually is for Tully's.  BEST KEPT SECRET, IMO.  Just as good as Starbucks at Basha's (which is good and the people who work there are nice)..but usually no line at Tully's..coffe is great and CHEAPER..Plus with Fry's card you get free coffee for every 4 or 5 purchased.  And the baristas are wonderful and nice too.
3 Me Eek! Methinks not, assigned from the mixed use of language styles..is because this extremely busy place all the time clearly has a customer base in which they could afford to put up parking lot shade.  No matter what time of days..this place is packed..and they do a nice job of keeping lines moving, unilke poor Basha's who has one clerk at a time, but then again, you have to dodge the tumbleweeds as they blow through the aisles...And still..AVOID Starbucks...Go to Tully's...just as good, NOT as expensive..and NO LINES.
4 Actually, I am writing this review as a Canadian with a home in Maricopa. We love the grocery store. Our only complaint is the price of coke and beef.  Yeah, sounds weird but they are two items that I can get cheaper at home.
3 The Fry's is pretty nice, staff always seem nice, however we rarely go here because the parking lot is a nightmare!
4 I shop here all the time. Love the easy savings. I think the produce section could use some help and lately I have noticed that shelfs are often empty and not restocked Love the staff. They are very nice and efficient. You can also get a fresh good coffee made for you while you shop.
4 Great employees, nice clean store, prices are okay.  Management is a bit arrogant and not well liked by the employees.  They could do a better job on their deli.  No dinner combos to speak of.
4 Fry's beats out Bashas and Walmart.  What are our other options?  I find that the time and day of the week really matter when shopping here.  If I don't think ahead, I will end up on Seniors day either dodging Snowbirds, or having many people approach me like I'm an employee trying to help.  If I come later in the day, I have some kind of radar that attracts screaming toddlers and tantruming parents.  Other than the shoppers, the store is great.  Clean, friendly employees, larger healthy section, plus the adventure of trying to locate items after a renovation.  Definitely the place to shop for food and anything else you need...when you're not dressed in pajamas, of course.  That would be a trip to Walmart.
