1 The staff bring and eat their own food in the dining area...
5 For Del Taco, a fast food establishment selling high volume, quickly prepared food at low prices, YES it's as good as it gets.    I go here every so often for their 39 cent tacos or 49 cent burritos for a cheap meal.  They will substitute meat filling with beans at no extra charge too.  The tacos/burros are always fresh, I've never received the wrong item, the staff is always friendly and smiling, and the place is clean.     I have minimum expectations from fast food places, and this one far exceeds them.   That's my 2 cents.  37 more and I get another taco!
2 Only slightly better than taco hell.  Bad pico de gallo on the tacos.  Nothing special.  What more could you ask for from fast food?  I can say, "been there".  Won't likely ever do that again.
3 Hey, you know....It's fast food.  I don't expect a 5 star joint when I go to these places.   This place happens to be cheap, fast (usually), and better than average fast food eats.    I've sometimes been a little impressed, sometimes a little let down but this place is overall worth coming back to and while not as good as some, its decent food, quick and on the cheap (and I think better than that other national chain).
4 Good breakfast menu, good tacos, nachos, fries are a nice surprise. Breakfast is good stuff.
2 Del taco, well that says it all with expectations.  Cheap eats, OK meal.  I do wish this place would get a face lift.  I think they try hard keeping it tidy and clean in the dining area, but its OLD!
1 03/08/2014 @ 09:08am  I just went through the drive-thru. I ordered a breakfast combo. Very slow service, after I paid , still very slim. I saw the cashier handle my food, I could see her fingers touch inside the little pouch for the potatoes. I did not see her fingers actually touch the food, but the surfaces that would my food would likely touch once the bag shifts. Next she went into the corner, coughed into her hand. This was no just a slight cough, it was a muilti-cough type of cough. She then wiped her hand on her chest, went back to my food and bagged it up. Again picking up my potato bag while touching inside the potato bag.  What happened to washing your hands?  I confronted her about it, and she started to be a bit rude, but I think she realized her mistake and changed her attitude quickly.  I can not afford to lose work and get sick because employees don't want to wash their hands.    I got my refund and left hungry.
