3 I went here the other day to purchase a new wireless router for my new HP computer that came with the Windows 7 operating system. I only found one router there that fit my needs and budget and it had been returned, and was being sold as an open box item. The manager explained that it wasn't used and the person that returned it just didn't need it and that everything was in the box and that it had been tested. Okay, I can live with that. Anyway, got it home and went to set it up. After getting everything plugged in, I couldn't get it to work. Turns out that the reset button on the top of it was jammed down and bent to one side. Didn't the manager tell me it had been tested and never used?!!? Anyway, long of the short, I returned it with a full refund to my cc. I left and went over to Staples and bought a better router for the same price. So my moral to this adventure is, don't buy an open box item and don't believe what some one has to say when they announce that it has been "tested." I'm only giving them three stars for taking back the router and for having to make two trips there.  I have never had a problem there before, so I'll shop there still.
5 Always a good selection of office supplies.  Employees are knowledgeable & friendly. =)
2 I've decided I live in a Bermuda Triangle of poor customer service.  This Office Max is no exception.  Good luck finding someone to help you.  It's either deserted, or there is one employee up front handling phone calls and ringing up customers.    I had to get my own office chair and drag the box up to the front.  I had to be all passive aggressive, which is totally against my direct nature, to get some assistance earlier this week on locating something.    On that same visit there was one young gal up front, who was very friendly, but she was doing all the work.  Answering phone calls, placing people on hold to research their question, and ringing up customers.  I did see another female employee hanging out in the copy/print area doing I don't know what.  Counting ceiling tiles.  Napping.  Whatever.  I'm done done doneski with this place.  One star is for the store being clean and the other is for the fact that they usually have what I'm looking for.    I have been to the Office Max in Ahwatukee and those employees always have a smile on their face and are always helpful.  That's going to be my choice for Office Max from now on.
5 Nice people, really good at fixing computers.
1 I needed new ink cartridges and OfficeMax sells their own brand.  If I ordered online, I get a 20% price break, so far so good.  I get the email that my order is ready, and go to the store.  I am the only customer and nobody greets me as I enter the store. Looks like a manager and associate at the customer service counter, I wait there, they ignore me. The sign at the end of the counter says, online order pickup.  I wait there 3 feet away from an associate wearing short shorts, she won't acknowledge me.  A male associate sees me and turns away from me.  I go back to the girl and the customer service counter, she sees me and turns away.  I ask if I can pick up my online order, well can I ?  Thanks for nothing losers, you suck at service. Have a nice day.
5 I moved to az 3 yrs ago. I came to this specific location because I had ctrlctr from NYC and yet again was having issues with my laptop. I was nvr impressed with ofcmax specifically but this store, and especially Andy, are amazing . He even helped me out when I had an issue in NYC while there and hooked me up from this store. I highly recommend this store. I was just there again today and I will be renewing my ctrl ctr for another year solely because of them . Well, that , and the fact that I still have one laptop to deal with.everything else I own has been converted to Apple .
