5 This is a very nice, family-friendly, gym. We love it that they have a nice kiddie pool with a slide, plus the Olympic pool for more serious swimmers.  But best of all, is the child care... I wouldn't be able to go work out without taking my kids with me, so it's a super plus that they have such dedicated team to care for the little ones, while we try to get in better shape, or better our health. The ladies at the child care in the morning shift rock!!  Kim and Olga are very dedicated to their job, and the kids feel at ease with them.
5 I workout and volunteer here. Its a great gym with all your needs and a range of activities. Also the employees are all fantastic, very nice, and yet keep things at a professional level.
2 I recently moved here from CO. I was a member at the YMCA of Boulder Valley and was very happy. So, fast forward 5 months and I'm looking for a gym. The Y was an obvious choice to check out.   I took a tour at approx 10am on a Monday. The place was fairly busy, but not overcrowded. The staff were all friendly and the facility seemed great. The child watch area was great. The child watch staff were playing with the kids. This is what I expect at the Y.   When it was time to talk about price, the outgoing and friendly tour guide got shy. I knew something bad was coming because the extroverted young lady seemed embarrassed. Well, now I know why. $70 a month for a single membership, plus $100 reg fee! Even she wasn't willing to turn that positive. She knew they had a great product, but was embarrassed that the Y charged so much. As a former member, she was going to try to snag me a better deal. However, I haven't heard back yet.  YMCA staff, if you read this.. Understand that you have the most expensive gym in the area. Even Lifetime Fitness mall and spa have lower rates. Come on! Golds Gym is a great facility (less amenities, I know) right down the street, I could buy 7 basic memberships there for what you are charging. SEVEN!   This rate is 40% more than what I was paying at the YMCA of Boulder Valley and they had an ICE RINK! Which is very expensive to operate.   I could afford to come join here. However, at the end of the day, I have a duty to my family to be financially responsible. It would be irresponsible of anyone to pay you more than everyone (I mean everyone) else in town.  Sad.
4 Well-lit, spacious feeling room, lots of exercise equipment,  modern changing rooms, large lockers, and a large variety of classes at various times.  Everything about the YMCA is exceptional. The pools are fantastic, the workout equipment top of the line. There are plenty of cardio equipment (I have never have to wait for a machine).   Everything you could want in a gym. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Membership is reasonable and  worth the price.
1 We were offered a promotional deal through my wifes employer a few months back to have my family join the YMCA. The promotion was good and I use to work at this location the first 3 years when it opened as a fitness instructor. SO I was excited about joing the YMCA family and being part of the amostphere again. Sadly It has been nothing but bad experinces since we joined.  Long slow waits to get checked in for swim braclets or even scnanned to work out in the gym.  The young staff at the front desk area seem to be immature and display lots of horseplay. The admin staff continue to have our name spelled wrong and phone number entered incorreclty in the system.  After 3 times of searching for me in the system I did get frustrated why the corrections where not made? Especially after they said sorry and told me the changes had been made each single time I went through this process.  The kicker was signing my daughter up for swim lessons for the summer only to find out a week later she would not be able to comitt to them due to changes with travel. With more than a weeks notice before swim class started I cancelled the class. I was told I should recieve the refund in 5-7 buisness days. Lets just say it took over 4 weeks, and if I had not followed up on the matter throughout the month it would have been forgotten.  Very dissapointed in the customer service and buisness skills that this YMCA provides to its members. It seems very regular from my personal observations that members seem to be complaining at the front desk. Use to be an A+ organization but now it gets a failing grade.  I would not recommend this gym.
