4 I shop here often, they have great prices provided you have a safeway card. If you don't have one, you can always get one on the same day that you purchase groceries.
5 This is a great store. The staff is really friendly and helpful, the selection is good and the food quality is great.
4 Good Prices and fresh produce abound!
4 I like Safeway.  The prices are good and the stores are always clean and well laid out.  This one was no exception.  The checkout lines were appropriately staffed as well so I didn't have to wait once I was ready to go.  The clerk was friendly and made eye contact which is so rare anymore, of course I do always go to the self checkout when available so that could explain the lack of eye contact.....
5 I don't go here often - but I'm going to start going more! Came because they were having a sale on Copper River Salmon (It is in season right now) for only 9.99/lb. Everywhere else wanted $16-29/lb. I called around to a number of stores and this was the only place that seemed to have a meat department that not only immediately knew what it was, but also knew they had it, how much they had, and what it cost without going to look. (kudos to Jose in the dept for that). Jose also asked my name, and what time I'd be in - he said he would be off when I got there, but that he would let Justin know. He did. Justin knew right away that I had called and had some nice whole-side filets all laid out in the case. We bought 2.  The rest of the store was clean and nicely laid out. Well lit. Staff was attentive and polite, without being "in your face" trying to help you find something.  BIG BONUS - Beer section. Main aisle is separated into Domestics, Imports, and Crafts - all labeled under nice big signs and arranged well. At the end of that aisle, around the corner in a refrigerated end cap is LOCAL CRAFT BEERS. If you are looking to pick up some Grand Canyon, Mudshark, or Old World brews (plus all the other locals it seemed) - look no further.
3 I just came here for sodas and water. My last trip was disappointing due to the advertisement for certain products and prices not matching the ads. Its a nice store and easy access from 7th St or the lights on Bell but the parking can get hectic.
