1 I have had Health Net of Arizona for none months, since January 2012.  Nothing but problems and red tape.  Website freezes or otherwise refuses to operate.  Software problems go on and on, never fixed.  Blockades and road blocks everywhere in the system, even down to routine address changes.  STAY AWAY
1 I broke my ankle and they wouldn't pay for a walking boot that the doctor confirmed was covered. we paid cash for it, because we didn't have a choice. every time we submitted for reimbursement, they gave a different reason why they wouldn't pay. After about 5 submissions, we gave up. If there is ever a time when they are my only choice for insurance, I will go uninsured. it seems you are less important to them than profit.
1 This company is terrible . Legalized crime . I paid $400 + a month for insurance for my 3 children and was denied benefits for them . They have no pre existing conditions and are very healthy. the first time i tried to take them to the dr. while paying heath net for coverage , i was informed they had not been added to my plan. I had to wait until open enrollment to add them to my plan. o.k. i thought my healthy kids can wait. open enrollment time came , i filled out all the required forms sent it in on time only to find out 4 months later they were not added . I called Health net they said oh it's just a mistake have your employer just resubmit your forms . so my employer and i both resubmit the forms that i had originally submitted with all the dates cause i kept them . and they still denied my children coverage. so thank you health net for collecting $8500 of my dollars and providing NO  coverage. you are criminals. I'm not understanding why you can take money and promise a service and then not have to provide any services and not go to jail. You steel from people. I asked others I know about who there providers are and anyone that I have met thats had health net has the same awful story to tell that I do. Your employees must all have nice cars at the rate of witch you are taking advantage of people.
1 If I could give it lower than 1 star, I would.  As others have stated, their website doesn't work.  You can't find providers under your plan.  When you try to contact tech support via email they send you an email back telling you to click on a link for secure messages, but the link doesn't work!  (just one example of the cr*p that goes on with them).  They do not pay claims and deny all sorts of things that you're supposed to get.  For example, I am supposed to pay $50 for a visit to Urgent Care.  So far, for one visit I have paid $70, and am now being billed another $50.  The Urgent Care people tell me it's because HealthNet refuses to pay.  I have been trying to call HealthNet for over a week.  When, after holding on for over 30 minutes I actually get through to a person, they tell me they have to transfer me to claims.  I ask for a direct number to claims, and they tell me there is none.  So then you are holding for another 30 minutes and you wind up reaching claims in another STATE!!!!  So they have to transfer you back to Arizona!!!  So far I have been holding on waiting to get back to where I started from for over an HOUR!!!!!  This same scenario happened yesterday, and after holding for over an hour I was CUT OFF!!!  If this were not so important to me, I would say this company is a JOKE, but they are not a joke, they are a despicable corporation that will do anything to avoid paying your claims and then will not allow you to reach anyone about the claims to even find out why.  THEY ARE HORRIBLE!!!!
1 On hold two different times for 33minutes and 48 minutes. Writing this as I'm still on hold with claims. They pay but they sure do make it hard on everyone. They constantly send notice to doctors and hospitals to resubmit more info. By that time doctor sends it to collections. I'm on hold to see why they don't pay it cause I checked EBO and it's covered. Frustrating! Your just on hold forever!! My husbands small business is due for renewing medical insurance next month and I'm lobbying him and his brother, the owners, to switch!  Healthnet picked up and now I'm on hold while they see why it wasn't paid. 1hr 43 seconds later I'm still holding ugg. Unless you have a lot of free time get another insurance.
1 This company must think everybody has a whole day to hold on the phone. Every time I call the machine says "we know your time is valuable and we'll be with you shortly" and every time I call the wait time is at least 20 or more minutes, then, you finally get a hold of somebody and they put you on hold for another 20 minutes more. I am looking at my phone and it says I have been on hold 42 minutes~, and I am still holding! Then, if I e-mail, they don't answer it. The only thing they do quick is take payments.
1 When I first was evaluating a new health insurance plan at the beginning of the year, Health Net looked like a good option. I even checked at their website to make sure my key doctors were in network (Platinum PPO Plan) and they were. After some snags in getting signed up I was finally set for start May 1 and paid my first month's premium. Set up an account online and went to put in my primary care doctor only to find he was not listed in network. Turns out none of my doctors were! The Health Net rep I spoke with confirmed these pathetic results. Fortunately, I haven't cancelled my existing plan and will have to just stay on it until the next open enrollment I guess.
1 I tried to be so thorough before choosing a health plan through healthcare.gov, and I could kick myself for not checking yelp.  One star is too high an honor for Health Net.  Next to impossible to get through to anyone on the phone unless you have 45-60 minutes or more.  Then you run the risk of being transferred where you are just put on hold again, no professional hand-off where one person explains the situation to the next person.  Their web site and provider search is a disaster.  Technically the coverage I have is very good, but I haven't put it through a true test like a hospital stay.  Ran into one problem where they told my doctor's office that I was delinquent in my premium payment so the claim might not get paid.  This was not true, and after calling and waiting on hold three days in a row, finally got a manager who called the doctor's office and got it straightened out. I got so frustrated I sat on hold forever waiting to speak to someone through healthcare.gov and filed a formal complaint against Health Net, along with a request that I be allowed to select a different plan because of terrible service.  They took down all the information and said someone would call me back in a week or two to follow-up.  Guess what?  Hasn't happened.
1 They cashed my check but didn't actually enroll me. Multiple calls and being on hold, transferred to others (who I had to identify myself and re-explain everything to) and hours on the phone and weeks later it is still not resolved. They finally retroactively applied my payment to the prior month, the month for which I had no coverage.  Customer service is argumentative and defensive and numerous representatives gave me different explanations of what was wrong.  Even if they got my insurance activated, I would have zero faith that any claims would be paid. This company is just a headache.  DO NOT sign up for HealthNet even if the coverage is cheaper. Better to pay a little more and actually get insurance coverage.
1 I wish I had read all these reviews before I signed up on healthcare.gov. I made sure to check doctors and specific plans before I signed up, but when it came down to actually making an appointment with the doctors I was told they didn't take my plan and didn't know why Healthnet even had them on the website. I stopped trying to find a doctor after about a dozen tries and am paying out of pocket. I called healthcare.gov and they said I am stuck with Healthnet until November unless I can prove there was some mistake on the healthcare.gov website. Shouldn't negligence/fraud on the part of Healthnet count for something? We were all tricked! Now I am paying for an insurance I can't even use. Affordable healthcare isn't so affordable after all. The only reason I am keeping it is because I might get something covered if a tragedy happened. It is supposed to be everyday health insurance, not catastrophic insurance!
1 I basically was forced into joining Health Net, because my Blue Cross policy did not meet the requirements driven by Obamacare. Due to my budget restrictions (insuring a family of four, with 2 adults over 50) I basically had two choices, and each was with Health Net. After two months, I can say they have been generally incompetent, and I haven't even filed a claim yet. Their website regularly fails to allow me to make a payment. They don't send me bills by US mail or email, although I've selected both methods. Their Accounting department doesn't acknowledge payments I've made 40 days ago. I do have membership cards, but how can you trust a company that doesn't even have the ability to be competent at the basic stuff like billing and accounting. How could healthcare.gov use a supplier that isn't prepared to take on a large number of clients? After April their customer service hours have been reduced, which is another sign of incompetence.  I wish I could go elsewhere, but even if I could afford it, I cannot change medical insurers for 12 months, as I understand it. Thanks to all in DC, for another job well done! But of course, I doubt anyone in the Federal government  has to deal with Health Net as their insurer.....
