5 I have never been to a Panda Express and I can say that I am a HUGE fan!! It is so hard to find great oriental food that I actually like but this place has surpassed my expectations!! I especially love the shanghai meat and will be back for more soon.
5 This Panda Express is very nice. I got some fried rice and double orange chicken for my entrees. Super delish! I also tried the honey sesame chicken breast and OMG can't wait to have it the next time. I was craving orange chicken which is why I got that today lol. Staff is extremely friendly and welcoming, kitchen & dining is very clean. Love this place, my fav Panda Express!
4 Very good food fast even at lunchtime. Good selection of meats, veggies, egg told and wontons. Food  cooked fresh.  Healthy relatively. Ritter than a burger. Reasonably priced with tasty iced tea. A great lunch alternative to the usual fast good.
5 This is the BEST location by far. I will literally drive farther just to come to this one. They are so friendly and welcoming. Portions are generous. Food is how to expect. I mean, it doesn't compare to restaurant quality oriental food but it's good. Better than mcdonalds that's for sure. I really like it and will continue I come back. They are so nice her that I come almost 3 to 4 times a week!!
4 Redemption... This particular Panda Express in the Peoria AZ area is leaps and bounds above the location off of Thomas St. (also in Phoenix).  I got the noodles, with some basic staple menu items of orange chicken, shrimp and honey walnut, beef and broccoli.  Cup for water, though if I wanted a tea, this location has a nicely stocked and clean drink area.  This location actually has plates so I was able to eat like a restaurant goer, with a plate.  I was at another location and gave me my food in the to go bag like a hobo. It is a great time of year in Phoenix, so I opted to eat outside as the weather is phenomenal.  As I was eating I was able to get a first hand view of an Peoria PD sting, someone was arrested and taken away in the adjacent parking lot.  I must say that I was surprised as the area seems a bit up scale and clean.  I did a Panda Express off of Thomas St that was in the hood and that seemed like the prime location for the police sting.  In fact I checked the violent crime map on my android while I was waiting. You just never know.   I enjoyed tossing a couple of chow mien noodles to some scruffy desert birds and enjoyed my food.   Even without the police activity(not the norm I am sure) I give this location a very high endorsement.  Food was fresh, decor clean, and well kept.
4 I have stayed away from Panda for years, I remembered it being terrible.  The whole family had it catered for Mother's day because it is my Mom-in-law's fav, and I was REALLY impressed! Placing the order was easy, picking up it was on time, and the food was surprisingly really good! I am looking forward to coming back.
1 I used to work in Panda Express.   They treat their employee like shit.      Just like warmart.
