4 This place is a whole lot better than you would think. Although it is a chain restaurant the stewed meat they use seems homemade and they give you a giant amount on their tacos. If you want some great cheap Mexican food in a hurry you could do a lot worse. The burritos are beyond huge and everything is very tasty. Very friendly and accommodating staff. Also, choice of a free cookie or small ice cream for dessert.
5 I agree with Roberta S. This location surprised me today at lunch. We were on our way to grocery shop and didn't want to go on an empty stomach (Hello putting EVERYTHING into the cart because you want to eat!) So we stopped in. There were a lot of people here and when we walked in the place smelled awesome.   We split a few supreme hard tacos, chicken soft tacos, and the spicy jack quesadilla. The supreme tacos were awesome, fresh tasting sour cream and I LOVE Del Taco's shredded cheese. Chicken soft tacos were ehh. The chicken was weird shapes like it was chopped by a blind person instead of strips or shredded. It tasted as sad as it looked.  The spicy jack quesadilla however, was probably one of the best quesadillas I've ever had, and I don't even like quesadillas that much! This one was just perfectly flavored, the cheese was melted and the chicken was delicious. Plus I think they used a press or something to flatten it and it was crispy and flat. I recommend this highly.  So I am adding another fast food chain to my reviews, but for good reason. This Del Taco rocks. Oh and for two people we were full for a little over $8!
1 Worst food  and service ever;  about 1 tablespoon of filling in a breakfast burrito and clerk wouldn't answer any questions: food tastes bad - pass this restaurant by!
4 I'm a sucker for fries and Mexican food and this place has them both. It was ran by all teenage boys who were all seemingly nice...they just couldn't get our orders right. "No special sauces" turned into "go ahead keep the ones that I put the sauce on". I can deal with that after they gladly replaced them, but I can't deal with beef instead of chicken... Over all, I'd go back again and was torn between a 3 and 4 star rating.
3 Food....for fast food Mexican it's pretty good. Generous portions for the price.  Ambiance....it's fast food. Do I need to say anything else.  Staff...usually friendly and efficient.  Verdict....for fast food it's pretty good. I only give it three stars b/c I'm all about the flavor and compared to some other Mexican restaurants in the area it's just not as good.
1 If you've ever thought, "it's impossible to mess up a quesadilla!" Then come to del taco for the most bland cheese experience between a flour tortilla in all four corners of the world. No amount of hot sauce could make the quesadilla here appetizing.
2 Nine dollars for one TINY carnitas taco and a medium order of jalapeno rings. What a rip off! The rude lady working the drive through hit the wrong button on the register, cursed, then grabbed a calculator to total my order of two items. I should have questioned the nine dollar total, and had I known how minuscule the carnitas taco was going to be (seriously, it was one bite, that's it) I certainly would have. Now don't get the wrong idea, this place has problems beyond just the price and point of sale issues. I usually don't complain about price and I'm willing to pay if the food is good, but there was nothing about the food to redeem my experience. The taco was dry, like it had been sitting quite a while, and flavorless. I live less than a mile from this place and will never be back.
1 Soooooo slow! Took over 20 minutes for to go order. Three people working as one. Had over 7 orders stacked up. Took there sweet time. Worst fast food experience ever.
