1 This company is the worst as far as keeping appoinent times that I have ever dealt with! I originally dealt with them through a home warranty company. They totally waisted my day on the first appointment, because not only did they not show up on time, but I was strung along the whole day only to find out they weren't going to make it out that day, but I would be the first on the list the next day. Well the next day they were supposed to come by 10am & didn't show up till 5:30pm. The next time I tried to deal with them, to follow up on a job, I called 4 days in advance to be scheduled. I told them I want to be the first appointment on the list, & I don't want my day to be waisted. They said no problem. Well, the day of the appoinent they did it again. They were a no show, when I called them, they said it'll be another hour, and still no show. After they never showed up at all from the time frame they gave me, I called them and complained. All they said was they called me and left several messages. That was totally false. My phone has no log of calls from them, and definitely no messages from them. The most unreliable plumbing company I ever dealt with period.
5 Our water heater was leaking water, so our home warranty company contacted Pruitt's and they were out the same day.  Turns out the water heater stand was also ruined, and Pruitt's recommended DryLux to repair the structural damage.  DryLux was also great, an estimator came out to take a look at 4 pm, and by 8 pm the damage was repaired to the point where Pruitt's could install the new water heater the next morning (full repair will need to wait for homeowner's insurance OK).  Being without hot water is a pain, but if this were to happen again, I could recommend either of these two companies without hesitation.
1 They said they would show up between 5:00 pm and 9:00 pm and instead showed up much much later than 9:00.  As one other review said, they are terrible at arriving on time.    DO NOT USE THEM EVEN THROUGH A HOME WARRANTY COMPANY.    They clearly do not care about you or your schedule.  What happened to companies that cared about their customers?
5 Fast service, they were sent by my home warranty company.
4 They snaked our drain and charged about $ 90.. This also included replacing a washer on an outdoor hose faucet. They came when they said they would and called when they were on the way. This company has a real person answering the phone to take down your information which makes it easy and efficient to schedule an appt.  I am a fan.
5 I had an issue with my hot water heater needing new heating elements and/or being replaced every few months. Bobby came out and fixed it again and determined that there must be a cause - Jerry came out within the hour to see if there is a slab leak. Took him minutes to determine that we are running out recirculating pump too long - essentially cooling off the hot water constantly and taxing the hot water heater. Love these guys!!!!! They do a great job and they are trustworthy.
5 John came out to our home today to fix our sink that I could NOT fix.  Very, very impressed with his professionalism and knowledge of what he was doing.  I found out through our conversation that he is also an Air Force Veteran which was icing on the cake.  Thank you, John - for all of the hard work.  I would highly recommend this company and especially this technician.     -Glen, Surprise AZ
5 We had Mike from Pruitt's Plumbing as a result of putting in a claim with our homeowners warranty. They called to set up an appointment for the next day. When I told them that we had to turn the water off because the shower would not turn off, they sent someone out the same day. Mike arrived when he was supposed to and the problem was diagnosed in a matter of minutes. He explained what the problem was and how he was going to fix it. He left to pick up a part several miles always because it was an "old" shower and parts were hard to find. He returned with the part and had it fixed in a matter of minutes. Mike was clean, pleasant and knew what he was doing. I wouldn't hesitate to call them again even if we didn't have a home warranty. Yay Mike for getting the job done in a timely fashion!!
5 I would recommend Pruitt's Plumbing without hesitation! They are contracted with my home service warranty company, OneGuard.  They were timely, thorough, professional and provided excellent customer service!
5 I just had a plumbing problem and called my Home Warranty  Company, One Guard to service the issue.  Their vendor, Pruitt's Plumbing had Mike Rohrs, their technician come out that day.  Mike not only showed up early, he was polite, had the problem identified and fixed completely within 30 minutes.  I have used two other plumbers that could not find the procurring cause and with one look, Mike nailed it!!  I will definitely be telling all my friends about Pruitt's Plumbing and now I know who to call!! Thanks Mike and thank you Pruitt's for your excellent service!!  Daisy, Surprise, AZ
5 Overall good experience. We were having drain issues with kitchen sink / laundry room drain.  Yeah,  not good.  So they sent out a rep and he snaked the drain. After 2 hours,  he declared the issue was resolved. So after he leaves my chick tries to wash a load of  laundry. She watches it initially, for old times sakes, and sure enough it overflows!!!!  Just like the good old days!!!  Oops.  So I called Pruitt's and they scheduled an appt first thing next morning.  They sent out a different dude and he resolved the bs in less than an hour.  He ran a hose down it for 5 minutes to prove he ain't no joke. He stated the original dude missed a second drain.  OK, awesome,  later.
1 OneGuard Warranty sent pruitts for a leaking refrigerator. The problem was the plastic tube that is connected to the ice maker had sprung a leak. John cut off the portion that had burst and reconnected the same brittle plastic hose with a metal clamp. A few weeks later the hose burst again, causing many thousands of dollars in damages. Another plumber reviewed the hose and said it should have been replaced. When we spoke with John to ask him why he didn't just replace the 25 cent hose, he claimed "I was sent to fix a leak and I did". If I could give negative stars, I would.
1 One Guard Home warranty had me schedule my service call with Pruitt's Plumbing. It was a Friday afternoon so I didn't think I would get a response until Monday. Mid-day Sunday I get a call from Pruitt's asking what time I could schedule my appointment. I said can you call me back tomorrow when I'm in front of my calendar. They said sure. Monday comes and goes so Tuesday afternoon I call them. The lady who answered said she would have the scheduler call me right back. The whole week and weekend goes by and on Monday(so this is 6 business days from the time they got my service call) I get a phone call. It was a lady from Pruitt's asking if I still wanted them to come out. I said yeah because I had already paid. I told her I need and early morning or late afternoon. She said how about our 1st appointment Wednesday at 8 AM. I said that would be great.  Wednesday comes and at 8:10 AM I call Pruitt's asking where they were I had an 8 AM appointment. The lady said our 1st appointment is from 8 AM - 10 AM. I told her when I scheduled the lady told me I was the first appointment at 8 AM. She say hold on let me call my tech. When she got back on she said the Tech is on his was and will be there in 10 minutes. I waited around till 9 AM then Left. Ten minutes after I left, I get a call from the tech saying he is on his way. I said I have One Guard on the other line canceling my appointment. Long story short Pruitt's still charged me the service call fee ($59) and will not come back out unless I pay it again.  If you look at the other reviews you will see a lot of good ones but look at the bad one too and they all sound the same. Yelp is full of good companies so just search for another company so you don't have to go through what I did. Pruitt's Plumbing has terrible customer service and terrible communication with there customers.
