5 I've had 3 dentists in my life. 3rd has definitely been the charm. This location is not near me by any means, but I'm completely content with driving out of my way to have Dr. Reese Turner be my dentist.  He is very professional, does not push to have things done I am not comfortable doing, keeps me informed of everything I need done and the process in order to do those, and his chair side manner is top notch. We went through 3 crowns until we were both satisfied with how it fit in my mouth and I was only charged for one. I feel confident I'm in educated, caring hands that's not out to rip me off.  The ladies up front are always friendly and helpful as well. If you're looking for a dentist, stop your search and go here.
5 My husband came here for his tooth that was causing him some pain.  Our last dentist really gave us the run around and my husband was a little put off about seeing another dentist. So this dentist really had his hands full with him.  My husband said he was very nice and has good humor.  He is very friendly with his staff and treats them with respect and kindness as if they are his family.    My husband ended up needing a root canal and was scheduled the following week.  The dentist gave him a script for pain meds, antibiotics, and an anxity med to call him down before the procedure.  This was very nice of him.  During the root canal the doctor acknowledged that my husband is a red head and per past studies tend to need more anesthesia then other people.  This was very nice because he does have a low pain tolerance.  After he got into my husbands mouth and started to work he realized more needed to be down.  He did not charge up for the little extra work which I was felt was very generous of him.  To this dentist it was more about care then pinching us for all our money.   Just for the record had we been asked to pay we would have but that is not what this was about.     He does not push extra services on you that you do not need. If you come in for a root canal you will get a root canal not pressured to get a platinum grill.
4 I've been coming here now for a few years.  Great location, very clean, great staff, and the price seems very fair.  I don't think they make up problems to bill you for extras like I have experienced at other dentist offices.  I think the doctor here is very to the point and professional.  Also lot of the girls here are cute too.
5 Amazing dentist!! lovely staff & always a good visit. I don't love to go to the dentist, but the staff definitely makes it worth it.
5 I have been going to Dr Reese for years. He doesn't make up services you don't need and does just what is necessary for your comfort. I moved and still travel a distance as do my grown children because of his superior service.
