5 Now, I know that it may seem weird to yelp a very common hotspot like Starbucks, but I have to say that this is one of the best one's I've ever had the privilage of calling my "regular" stop.   This Starbucks is located in the Fry's Grocery Center next to the UPS Store and Fry's. The reason that I keep coming back here is simply that the people are SOOOOOO friendly and they've never messed up on one of my drinks.   Since I teach at the high school down the road, having a Starbucks close by is very convenient. I always hit this place up when I have to stay late. Everytime I walk in, I'm always greeted with a "Hey, how are ya?" and at this point they already know my order. There's this one blonde lady that works there that has been sparking up small talk for a few months now. I mentioned to her casually that I was heading to St. Louis for a couple days and when I got back, she actually remembered and asked me how my trip was!! Super impressive.   Love the staff, love the caffeine.
5 Great place to stop by first thing in the morning. There's an Asian chick that works there who's the bomb! It's nice to have someone recognize you and start making your drink as soon as you walk through the front door!  Definitely one of my favorite spots.
5 I have been going to this Starbuck on and off for over 5 years.  The employees are all so friendly and just plain awesome!!  The store is always clean.
2 Worst drinks in the chain's west valley branches. Expect to spend about 15 min from in the door to out the door.
5 My starbuck peeps are the best around!!
5 This branch is pretty good. All the drinks I have ordered were made correctly. Super friendly employees. :)
5 The passion tea is awesome:)
2 I walked into this small establishment with a craving for my usual - a skinny, decaf iced vanilla latte. I wasn't greeted coming in the door and was surprised to hear no music playing. Had four customers in front of me, which wasn't much compared to what I am used to, and the barista at the register was happily taking orders from those who seemed to be regulars. However, I quickly noticed the energy in the room was dead and their baristas moved like molasses in December. It took me 15 minutes to get my drink and when I got it, the coffee tasted burnt and bitter. The only saving grace was the sweet barista at the register. Sorry, Starbucks, in the future, I'll find a different location.
