3 I usually shop at this store because it is the most convenient and has the best prices and selection in the area. For staple goods such as bread, milk, eggs, meats, and canned goods, the prices are usually lower than the other large grocery stores. Their branded goods (Kroger) such as condiments are usually good quality compared to store brands at other stores. However, in the last few years, vegetable prices have skyrocketed (other than tomatoes, celery, and lettuce) so I find myself driving several miles away to a healthy food specialty store to stock up. This Fry's was recently renovated, seemingly to make it more difficult to find the items you are looking for, and making what should be a quick trip in an out into a half-hour ordeal. The aisles also seem to be harder to navigate, with bulky displays jutting out here and there, and it's difficult to get around other customers. What I do like is that there are four self-checkouts so you usually don't have to wait in lines. I also like Fry's policy of charging you the price on the shelf-tag, or you get the item free. I've often walked out with cash in my pockets when I went in with none. Sometimes due to the confusing "VIP customer" pricing on the receipt, it's a bit difficult to tell if you paid the right price. Read your receipt carefully!
3 We shop at this store because it is close to our home.  Generally it is alright.   I usually end up there for small volume trips and this is the reason I gave them only three stars, regularly they do not have the handheld baskets by the entrance...I can usually find them by the exit door...a real pain!
3 Every week at least once we are in this store. It is the most convenient to our home (located in the middle of nowhere) and I think it has the best prices. I had a bit of a meltdown last year when they rearranged 1/2 the store but it made it very clear to me how resistant to change I can be so I let it go. I love everyone who works there but most particularly Diamante and Kim (one of the supervisors). Always friendly, know us on sight...how can you go wrong? If I have any complaints it is that the deli side dishes are mediocre compared to Safeway. And the lobsters look very sad in the tank. Do we really need a lobster tank at Fry's??
5 Love this Fry's!  great prices, super friendly service, and always clean and organized.  I also (like a previous reviewer) had a hard time adjusting when they reorganized the store, but I am okay now  :)   I almost exclusively grocery shop at Fry's locations, and happen to live down the street from this one.  If I ever moved to a different neighborhood, I'd probably still drive over to this Fry's location.
4 Great prices with great selection. Great for your everyday shopping needs.
4 While the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market across the street tends to have better prices (what I worry about), my wife thinks that Fry's has better food (which she worries about), mainly vegetables.  This store is really kept neat and tidy, well stocked, and the cashier/clerks are always friendly and helpful. Fry's does seem to have a better selection of meats, and has a "butcher counter" -- but I have never been able to see or speak to a butcher when I have gone into the store (numerous times) -- Reason for lost star.  Really busy store at the 5-7pm time frame. Try to get there before or after if you can.  TIP - Sign up for the club card - and save on gas. Up to $1 a gallon at any Circle K or Fry Gas Center.
1 Meat dept is deplorable . They sold frozen meat, actually with frost on it. I do not have any confidence that the meat is fresh despite what date they had on the label. I believe the State Food inspectors should review this Fry's location!!!
5 Love the friendly faces at Frys..  I visit them nearly every day!!!
5 I couldn't be more pleased with the special cake I ordered for my daughter's birthday. The staff was so helpful from the moment I walked in until the day I picked up the perfect cake. I had used a picture and I couldn't believe how beautiful it looked. Norma who works in the bakery helped me with the design around the side and she also designed the decorations around the picture. It was so creative and I don't know anyone who could have done it better.  Thank you so much Norma and the rest of the Fry's team, you have a customer for life!
