4 I would like to say that I am a repeat car rental subscriber whenever I feel the urge to take a loooong roadtrip across state lines. The Enterprise rental place I tend to frequent is the location closest to home at Alma School and Germann in the Cobblestone complex. The personnel at this place are quite friendly, and always willing to bend over backwards to ensure you get the car you're asking for. At times they can be particularly busy due to the high influx of customers renting and returning cars, regardless of how busy they are they still treat the customer with a smile and a can do attitude hence this is why I prefer this Enterprise. Oh and while you wait there's a Dunkin Donuts closeby as well as a kick ass convenience store!
2 The past two times I rented from this location, I was given real clunkers. First was a PT Cruiser that crawled up hills and sounded out-of-breath on highways. The second was a Pontiac G5 with a broken passenger-side window motor, stains on the seat and 33,000 miles on it.  And give yourself plenty of time to pick up and drop off your vehicle, because you'll need it. Dropping off that Pontiac took 35 minutes because only one person was staffing the counter.  But that one person was Kyle, and Kyle is awesome. I watched him handle a long line of customers alone, including such problems as a guy who wanted a car big enough to fit his mom's wheelchair but low enough her her to climb into. And the customer passed on the first five vehicles Kyle offered.   When he finally got to me, Kyle apologized, was very honest and even offered me a discount for the poor service and vehicle I'd endured. I'm writing Enterprise to let the rental company know it has a real gem on its staff.
5 Rented a car here just because It was conveniently close to my house. I would confidently say it's one of the best places to rent. Called in for a reservation, then requested a pick up, and the employee Kyle was very friendly and quick. Got offered a couple cars to choose from, and made sure everything was good to go. Although a little pushy on the extras like insurance's, (normal with all sales) just say no. Service was quick and excellent even in the returning process. Overall, highly recommend this location if you want to be treated well.
