5 Everybody ROCKS!
5 Great Dentist. Very honest and will not sell  you anything you do not need. Took me 3 dentists to find a good one.
5 Finally getting around to my reviews. Got to give good ones where they are due!   Located at the Happy Valley Towne Center there is plenty of parking, the office is spacious and modern.   I was very happy with my dental care at  Levinson Dental. The staff is friendly and professional (Tina, Patty and Erin are awesome).  Dr. Levinson personally calls the evening after a procedure to check on your status. How awesome is that?
5 I chipped the back of one of my front teeth this past weekend and based on the Yelp reviews decided to call Dr Levinson's office. I assumed I would need a crown because of the size of the chip and frankly, I'm terrified of going to the dentist.   His staff is extremely friendly and helpful and they did their best to make me feel comfortable. They also assisted me in finding a dental plan to make any work I need less expensive. Dr Levinson was very pleasant and gave me several options and his opinions for fixing my tooth. He didn't try to up-sell me on the repair and when he did the work, he kept taking the time to make sure the repair felt natural and that I wasn't in any discomfort.   I don't think anyone likes going to the dentist, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back here and I plan to do just that. It was probably the best experience I've ever had at a dentist office.
5 There is nothing like going to a dentist and feeling like you are at a shady used car dealer.  I've had encounters like this in the past where you feel like you have a pretty good smile, and then you walk out with a laundry list of things wrong.  Not to mention the fact that they try to sell you on every little thing.    This place is not that kind of place.  My hygienist was very fun and calming (I get stressed out at the dentist).  The doctor was great.  He told me some things I need to work on.  The best was the fact that he didn't pressure me into the corner with expensive remedies that might or might not be needed.  I liked that.    The equipment and facility is very clean and modern.  Very calming.    I have already scheduled my follow up visits.  Thanks for making my dentist trip an easy and worry free!
