4 This is a great local comic shop hidden in old town Glendale. As soon as entering this seemed like a comic shop that can be someone's local shop. Well stocked in basic comics and a variety of figurines. The one thing that I think really makes this place special is the guy who owns this place. He is super friendly with great customer service; as soon as I walked in he introduced himself and shook my hand. He is also very knowable of all things comic. If you want to have a comic book guy that can help you find what you like or give you information when looking for something new I would definitely recommend Drawn to Comics.
5 This is definitely my favorite comic book store and one of my favorite places in downtown Glendale. For the amount of space there is an awesome selection of comics and good pickings in the dollar box.  I really like the atmosphere -  Nice layout - comfortable lighting. What really makes this place stand out is the service.  Friendly and knowledgeable. Even walking in for the first time I was treated like an old customer.
5 Nice selection, Ken and his wife are nice too. I can't fault them for the small size of the shop since that's all that's really available there.  Always has different sales, discounts for pre-orders, and generally cool artifacts there.
5 I have been coming here for almost 3 years now. I use pubic transit and live in central Phoenix and never think twice about the bus ride required to drop in! I am always greeted with smiles. Ken has no hesitations taking time to fill me in on new/old titles, letting me know what story arcs I am behind on, etc. Great selection of comics, trades, and figurines. If they don't have it and you want it, they will find it. Ken has even sold me stuff out of his own collection before!   It's the corner stone to any trip I make to Downtown Glendale. Allways worth the trip!
5 The customer service alone is worth the five stars. By the third time I went there they already knew me by name. The selection is fantastic. The store has moved into a new space that opens it up and allows you to move more freely. They have hundreds of comics and dozens of toys. They offer a 10 percent discount for students and military personal.  Ken knows more about comics then any human should. I've recommended this to my friends and they fell in love with it too. I've been to several comic book stores and this is the best.
5 Great local mom and pop type comic shop. If there is something they don't have, they will do their best to track it down and get it for you. There are always crazy good deals going on in this store. Different programs like heroclix and artist nights frequent as weekend events. Drawn to Comics also helps out the community and volunteers time educating about comics pop culture and mainstream at school events.  I have been shopping here for about five years now and eventhough I drive by a couple shops on my way home everyday, I will go out of my way to shop at this store. The customer service is top notch and definately a place where they want to know your name. I have never been steered wrong at this store and always felt safe and welcome and part of a community while shopping at this establishment. Even my brother who lives in another state prefers to have me get his comics at this store. I hope this store stays around and becomes a staple in what is already a great downtown Glendale.  If you want great service with a smile and deal with someone that has a vast amount of knowledge of everything comics, then this is the store you should make your own!!!
4 I first met Ken (the owner of the store) when I started working at the Chase Bank across the street. I hadn't read comic books in several years at that point, but it was hard not to feel my interest reviving as I talked to him - he happens to be one of the nicest, most genuine people I've ever met, and he's passionate about comic books. As such, he's got no qualms helping you sort through the stinkers to find something that will appeal to your tastes - it is through Ken that I was able to discover writers and artists who I've continued to enjoy over the years.   Drawn to Comics is small, but it makes excellent use of its space - Ken manages to cram in impressive number of cards, figurines, t-shirts, comics, manga, and miscellanea. He's also one of the more attentive staffers I've ever met - he might take some time to get around to you, but he always does. I've never walked out of the store feeling ignored or dissatisfied with the service.  A quick note to frugal customers, though - comics don't tend to be cheap, and Drawn to Comics isn't the cheapest alternative out there. All the merchandise in the store is marked at list price, and even though student discounts (and maybe a few others) are offered, you'll probably save more money if you go through Amazon or a similar retailer.  That said however, Drawn to Business is about as local as a business gets - it's family owned, unique, and charming. So, sure, I could save a few bucks by going elsewhere, but I'm all about supporting places like this. Pay this place a visit, and I'm sure you'll feel exactly the same way.
5 Best comic book store, ever.
5 I'm shocked to see I've not done a review yet for this place.  Well...let's correct that.  Drawn to Comics has to be considered one of the if not THE best comic shop in the Valley. Many of the reasons have already been talked about.  Ken, the owner, takes great pains to be not only informed about his merchandise, but is friendly, talkative, and just an all around nice guy.  But furthermore...he will try to help you get what you need.  Just when you think this experience can't get any better?  Sign up for his pull list program.  He has the BEST one in the Valley hands down.  I've not seen a pull program this good since a comic shop I used to frequent in Normal, IL (which if you are ever there, pay Jim a visit at Acme Comics, a great shop also).  I tried all the other shops (Atomic included before they went out of business), and everyone's pull lists sucked.  Barely if any discounts.  Ken not only has the best shop in the Valley, but the best pull program too.  First week pick-up, 20% off, all comics are bagged and boarded as part of your purchase.  This can't be beat.    If you have not frequented this establishment yet and you live in the Phoenix Valley, you are not a true comic aficionado.
5 This place is a great shop. The owner is very knowledgeable about the product and loves to strike up a friendly conversation with whoever enters the store. The store has a solid modern and silver age back stock. You can get a good deal here because the owner gives great discounts to box holders and bag/boards every issue for free. The store is clean and bright with lots of toys and cool prints on the walls. The owner prides himself on creating a family atmosphere which is evident by the variety of people who enter the store. Just look for the life-size Silver Surfer display in the front window and come on in.
5 Love this place!  They are all about helping their community AND comics of course!  You can't help but to like the creativity, as this is not your normal comic book store.  Ken and his family are great!  This place is worth the trip even if you don't live in Glendale.
5 They say business is about people, well this place is the quite welcoming. Their staff are crazy friendly and even seem genuine, who knows that could be part of their secret identity cover :) This is the Holy Grail of Comics! Apart from the massive collection of current comics and back issues, the owners sell shirts and merchandise, posters. Now the icing on the cake is the local artists drawings of characters on the walls, which are sold at a reasonable price. Might possibly be the overall best comic shop in Phoenix! "Asgardian out, cough cough For Midgard!"
5 Visited the restaurant next door and decided to stop in here on our way out. VERY friendly and way better service than the restaurant we just ate at. They welcomed us like family and made you feel right at home. Nice decor and fun to be in. Everyone we encountered went above and beyond normal service just to make sure we were satisfied. My daughter and I just went in to look but ended up purchasing a few items.  They really made it worth the time we spent there.
5 Five years ago my husband started getting into comics, so we started digging around for comic book stores to go to. Out of all of the places we went to, Drawn to Comics felt like home when we first walked in through the door. It was a warm place right when you walked through the door because of the owner Ken. The first thing that he did was introduce himself, shook our hands, asked us our names, and gave us the run down of the store. To this very day Ken still says hello and shakes our hands, because he believes that customer service is so important. He made me believe that customer service was not dead, and that small businesses are thriving. My hubby's books are always ready and he always goes above and beyond to order anything that is not in the store.   If you are looking for a comic book shop, stop by one of the best kept secrets of Downtown Glendale. I'm sure Ken will shake your hand, his wife will ring you up, and you'll leave feeling like you have been taken care of.  Store Items Available: Comics (for adults and kids), trade paperbacks, graphic novels, action figures, t-shirts, art work
5 This place is great!! Ken (the owner) is awesome, always greets his customers and will always answer your questions. As far as his merchandise, he has great attention to deal. Back issues are in tip top shape, bags and boards all new stuff as well. Just a cool place...
5 Ken and the gang are always helpful and know you by name. It is like Cheers but with comics.  They have no problem checking their inventory for something if it is not on the floor, and they try to beat eBay prices.  They have a small area for my kids to play with toys while I am looking around.  I try and get the bulk of my comics from them because they offer a discount program and a special card that after a while can get you 20% off any $20 or more purchase!  If you pay with cash you get a raffle ticket for a monthly drawing that could win you a $50 gift-card.    Overall a great place, if you set up a box you could get deals on variant issues and a discount on your comics. Dont forget the student/military discount they offer as well.
5 My son and I happened upon Drawn To Comics while visiting downtown Glendale last week.  The staff was very friendly and greeted us as we went in the store.  The store itself was very comfortable and was packed with not only comics, but toys, collectibles, clothing and even had a nice upstairs gaming room.  The knowledgeable staff took the time to ask us what we were interested in seeing, and helped us find a few books.  The owner was very friendly and even though we only bought a few books took the time to introduce himself when he checked us out.  Even though I don't live in Glendale I will go out of my way to shop at Drawn To Comics again.  Highly recommended.
5 Just on a whim, we stopped in here. Wow, they have a lot of stuff. Not my cup of tea, but for those into this, I could see that this was the place to be.
5 Great selection of comic books.  In a good location, too.  Afterwards,  you can walk around and have lunch at a nearby restaurant!
4 Great comic book store. Not only is the staff always nice, once they dragged a comic book from behind the counter just to give it to me, their last 1st printing copy.  Bonus: every comic bought comes with free bag ad board, yes!  If this place was closer I'd be here every week on Wednesdays of course.
5 Right away I was greeted by the owner, I am sure we looked lost. The people shopping inside were just as nice as the people working. They had a large selection of kids comics which is what we were looking for and the reason we will go back. I love being able to help out locally own shops too!
5 Best comic book store. I have never met an owner of a business as passionate and knowledgeable about their products. If you look up customer service in the dictionary it should say Ken Brown next to it.
5 Ken the owner is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet. He's not pushy, doesn't act like you're an idiot if you don't know much about comics and always tries to greet you and shake your hand when you come in. I never carry cash but I always make a mental note to have it when I go there so he will keep every penny I give him and won't have to pay the credit card companies.  All I gotta say is if I ever win the lottery, Ken is going to run out of inventory so fast!!  It's a great big store, plenty of toys and comics and even clothes and great sodas. This is the place to be and honestly one of the few places I actually like in Downtown Glendale.
5 This is a helluva comic shop. Great selection, great pricing policies, and great service. I will be passing shops to come to this one on a regular basis. If you are a comics fan and you aren't coming here, you are missing out.
5 Great place! They really helped me out in getting a birthday present for my younger brother. He has been wanting "Emperor Doom" for ages now, and they helped me order it so he could have it. Awesome customer service and great selection. If they don't have it, they will order it for you :) Fantastic local shop.
3 Great shop, prices seems reasonable. Good trade selection. Staff was friendly. Have a good selection of back issues and some other uncommon stuff. Pretty well rounded shop. Nothing bad to report but didn't blow me away. Will probably be coming back.
5 My favorite comic shop in Glendale hands down. These guys love comics and the store shows. The store is extremely organized which is huge for me as I like to find what I want and go. They have everything you could want from comics, trades, local comics, and action figures.  The staff is always extremely helpful as well.
5 Number one store in phoenix hands down. Ken is always ready to talk to you about comics, tv, or movies. And the discounts at this place are outstanding - 20% off new releases, .01 variants when you buy 5 or 10 comics on release week, 10% military discount or student discount. Free bag and board.  How can anyone beat that!  Make mine Drawn To and add it to my box.
5 Great store. Wonderful atmosphere. Reasonable prices. Everyone is so friendly. They talk to you like you're a part of the family. I get really shy sometimes when people try to talk to me, but they don't make me feel too uncomfortable. There is even a place for our two small children to play and choose their own comic books.   We've been looking around for a good comic book store since we moved here in 6 months ago. I think my husband and I have definitely found it!
5 One of the best comic shops in Arizona. The staff is always friendly and willing to help you find anything and everything. If they don't have it they'll try to order it.  Ken is a wealth of knowledge.   Susan is super helpful and loves "Lock and Key".  Daniel is all about the customer service. He loves trying to find the best books for all that come through the doors.  Jason loves Superman! And is a huge fan of the show Community.  Chris is hilarious and loves to help everyone.  Gabe is all about Batman!  If you're in the area and looking for a great place to hangout and talk about almost anything, this is a great place.  They always have great events planned. Everything from book clubs to card games. They have signings and art classes whenever they can. Ken does a great job of gathering local talent for all of they're special events.
3 I was walking around Glendale glitters and seen Spiderman in the window so I decided to come into check it out the girl behind the counter was very friendly she did make up I contact with me and acknowledged us being there and say welcome which was pretty nice to have a lot of cool little magazines and knickknacks and they do sell T-shirts, Hard-to-find ones I've never seen it's not the best looking store in the world it is kind of dated but it is a little fine you might want to come check it out if your big comic book fan
5 Helpful people, great selection of comics, lots of extra goodies, and most importantly, a Brony friendly environment. I promise that I'll come by when you're not having a sale of some kind.
5 Start by staying I'm not a big comic book/superhero kind of person. I don't really follow any of that, but my 13 year old brother does. We were at Glendale Glitters and decided to walk in and take a look. Everyone was very friendly even though it was very busy.   We walked around trying to look through everything and not knowing how everything worked (series). I asked someone of they could help us. I wish I could remember the name of the guy that helped us because he was very informative and he genuinely wanted to help. He asked my brother what who he liked and talked him about every series that has ever been out and how to find them for next time.   I made a deal with my brother if he kept his grades up we would go into the comic bool store so he could pick out whatever he wanted.  So far he's kept up with his side of the deal already earning high school credits in middle school! I am glad we walked into that store that day.   Their isn't anything better than encouraging young children to read, and this might be the best way to do it while supporting local businesses.  Thank you!
5 An extremely friendly comic book shop.  I was overjoyed to find such a great shop after moving to az. The owner is always very outgoing and helpful.
5 hands down, this is the best place to buy your comics from! Everyone who works here is so helpful and everyone here treats you like a person. If you need a comic book this is the place to go. If I need anything comic related, Drawn to Comics is my first stop!
5 Great spot right onthe conner in downtown Glendale. Must visit its awesome!   Everyone is nice and the service is great.
4 Great comic book shop, the employee who was there was very helpful and knowledgeable. Lots of great things to see and many collectibles to snag as well. Prices were a bit higher than I would like unfortunately on the collectibles but I can understand that. Overall I would come back to grab some figures soon!
