5 Great doctors, great nurses, great staff overall. I unfortunately landed in the ER with my 9-year-old last week and the staff took excellent care of him. I was satisfied with the level of care that he received and would take him back to that hospital again if he needed urgent medical care.
2 I'll be completely honest, Gilbert Hospital had great service, but the truth is that you PAY for that service.  The cost of our visit was through the roof, even with insurance.  If we had gone to another facility (such as one of the Banner hospitals) for our emergency, the costs would have been far lower.  I have a friend who recently went there for an emergency and his costs were outrageous.  If he (and we) would have known in advance we would have visited a different facility.   Unfortunately, no one knows this before this visit...especially an emergency.  Also, if you are insured by Blue Cross/Blue Shield, you need to know they are NOT BCBS Participating Providers.  This basically means even if you have BCBS, you will have to foot the bill yourself.
5 excellent service by an excellent staff. I brought my daughter here for emergency treatment, and i didn't have to wait very long at all
4 "Hospital" is a relative term. They provide good service, but this place is somewhere between and urgent care and a hospital. They have very few rooms to admit a patient to, and then only if it's a not very serious illness/injury. Otherwise you're getting transferred to a different hospital.
1 I came into the ER with upper left abdominal pain. The nursing staff was great! Very attentive. The ER doctor was also great. He was friendly and explained my lab results to me. He told me that I needed to be admitted based on the labs and the cat scan. He also ordered an ultrasound.    Fast forward to the next morning. A different doctor walks into my room tells me that he isn't sure why I was admitted. My cat scan was fine. My blood work was fine. He didn't understand why I had an ultrasound. He told me there was no need for me to have been admitted and he sent me home. I am still having the same pain and I have no idea where to go for help. He wasn't rude but he made it clear that he felt the ER doctor was not a good doctor and that he didn't care at all to help me understand what is happening with me.   I am waiting for a reply from the customer service department.   Also the cost for my stay is $16,000.00! My friend had surgery and a 5 night stay with a banner hospital and her bill was $19,000.00.
1 Everyone beware of this place. Unless you are on the brink of death, well even if you are actually, go to Mercy down the road or tough it out till morning. The trend with this place is that people go here ONE time. Problems abound with this quack shack. Misdiagnosis caused further weeks of suffering. Another huge one is that ok sure, see a doc in 30 minutes, but you must know they charge at least 5 times what comparable services charge, do not take insurance and will throw you to collections very fast. For 1 hour in this supposed ER, no blood work/x-rays, just the prescription of "take some Advil," were charged $2000. Insurance paid $1425 of it and they sent a bill for $575 more to me for nothing. When I explained how they diagnosis was botched and led to much more suffering they threatened collections to get their other $575 for a misdiagnosis. Another friend of mine took his kid there with an ear infection. To stick a flashlight in his ear and give a prescription for amoxil was $800. Took less than 5 minutes. How does that sound? Yea, they charge several hundred percent more than everyone else, how else could they have Dr's standing around..... It's f'ing money pit and people are generally exposed only once with the shock of their outrageous billings. I feel like calling 3 on your side, this place should be shut down by the government.
1 Let me first start by saying: I would STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!! I was having problems breathing, what we thought was an allergic reaction to food. I had chest x-rays and sonograms to check for blood clots and about 2 hours into my admission I was finally given an albuterol treatment. This treatment did make me feel better, as it turned out it was a cat allergy (we figured out on our own later) waiting this long into my stay seemed pretty dangerous. At not one time did a staff member look into what I had suspected, an allergy. I spent 5 hours here with the doctors and staff scratching their heads... Finally I was allowed to leave after asking for about 2 hours.   This is a classic case of over-testing and over-billing at a rate of $1000 an hour, for a 5 hour stay and a total of over $5000. I immediately called after I received the bill to set up a payment plan and have already paid half of what I owe and yet still received a harassing call to pay. I explained I had paid half my balance and that I had a receipt to prove that. The woman apologized and said they didn't have access to that information.... update your system and stop harassing people who are paying! I would STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE, go to somewhere else where your concerns might well be heard at a lower rate per hour.
1 Only interested in how much MONEY they can screw you out of, BEWARE! Bottom of the barrel employees that can't get jobs anywhere else. Apathetic, pitiful excuses for human beings. Use "EMTs and Paramedics" in the ER because they are cheap. No thanks! I don't someone with a 6 month "certificate" taking care of me!
1 Nice and clean and attentive but they fail to mention that you will be paying a lot of money from your own pocket even with insurance and the fact mine was an emergency surgery I didn't have a choice but I won't make the same mistake twice
5 Woke up at 3:am choking on my blood running down the back of my throat. My wife and I tried to stop the bleeding. She drove me over to Gilbert Hospital, they rushed me into the ER and began to work on me. When I told them that I had just had a stint placed in my heart and I was on Plavix, a blood thinner, they immediately went into an emergency mode,ER  Doctor was called and was injected with  saline. Monitoring every moment and check my hemoglobin. About 6:00 am my blood count was very low, even though they stopped the bleeding, they ordered 2 units of blood. I was transfused,by 4:00 PM they ordered an ambulance, I was transferred Mercy Gilbert, IF IT HAD NOT BEEN FOR GILBERT HOPITAL, I WOULD NOT BE WRITING THIS REVIEW!
5 My 3 yr old son started coughing, and gagging at the dinner table. Turns out he had a life threatening allergic reaction from his meal. He was struggling to breathe all the way to the hospital. If it wasn't for the fast, hard working staff here... I would've lost my son tonight. Thank you Gilbert Hospital.
2 I was mostly unimpressed with Gilbert Hospital. I liked that we were taken to a room quickly, and it's great to have a bed and private room instead of a lounge chair and curtain like at other hospitals. That is unfortunately all I really liked. During our first trip to the ER for vomiting, the staff did not listen to anything we had to say regarding medication already taken at home for the vomiting. Instead, the doctor gave my wife the same medicine. And no surprise, it didn't work. Then came more meds, and blood work. Despite telling two staff members that my wife's urine sample was ready, it was not collected until after discharge. The medication we were sent home with to stop the vomiting did not work, and we wound up back in the ER the next morning.   During the second trip, I attempted to explain to the nurse that we were just there, and tried to provide helpful information. I was told that she couldn't type all that information and she shut me down. I was surprised to have such cold nurses during the visit. Several were pleasant, and several need to reconsider their bedside manner. After giving another urine sample, the doctor provided a diagnosis. Perhaps if the first doctor had run his tests, a second trip to the ER could have been avoided. However, we were pleased with the doctor on our second visit. Both visits lasted well over four hours, and it seemed as though things moved a little slower than at other ERs.   Gilbert Hospital is okay in a pinch, but I don't see us returning to this hospital unless absolutely needed.
5 My family has used this hospital for our emergency needs over the last 4 years and have been extremely pleased with our experiences. Recently, my husband had a health scare that was extremely serious.  The excellent team at the Gilbert Hospital was able to help him quickly and effectively. Every employee we interacted with was helpful, kind and hospitable.  I highly recommend using this hospital. Their door to doctor in 31 minutes claim is 100% true.
1 My boyfriend had a seizure and passed out. After that I took him to this hospital because he couldn't feel his entire body. I rushed in and there was only 3 other people in the waiting room, when I told them my boyfriend was incapable of moving and talking they didn't treat it like it was an emergency at all. She walked out to the car and helped him inside. (He was crying and sweating and could not move his whole body, you could tell it was a definite emergency) before she even checked him out she demanded he had to sign and check in and give his ID. We didn't have his ID on him because we rushed their. We only live 3 minutes from Gilbert hospital. I had to yell at the nurse in order for her to take him back and check him. Anyways HORRIBLE service at the beginning. And to make it worse the nurse poked him a million times to draw blood and left a HUGEEEEE bruise on his arm. The doctor also only spent about 4 minutes with us. I understand it's busy but take time to treat your patients with respect. I wouldn't recommend this hospital for an emergency..
1 I am an x employee and was treated like crap! The Dr laughed at me... I went in with a poss.seizure....and he said I just fainted....
