4 Yeah, I'm giving a Starbucks in Apache Junction, one that screwed up my order, four stars.  Here's why.    They were nice to me.  Not that I typically get treated like garbage everywhere I go (usually just bars), but I do love me some great service, and it does seem harder and harder to come by these days.  The four ladies manning this location did not skimp on the little courtesies that seem to be missing in our culture, and they managed to be really nice and seem quite genuine about it as well.  It makes me want to go through their training program, just so I can learn how to be so nice.  Seriously, I doubt Starbucks could pay me enough to be that nice to every jackass who walks in the door.  So five stars for customer service, even though they added whipped cream when I asked them (not entirely politely, either) not to.  I guess I was disappointed that my first choice was closed, so I was more than a little terse.    The lady taking my order recommended a focaccia sandwich, the ham and cheese, and told me they were very good warmed up.  I took her advice, and was fairly pleased, though not blown away.  Seriously, the last time I was at a Starbucks was months ago, and I very rarely order food here, so I was staring dumbly at the options for several seconds before she took pity on me.  Three stars.    The location is by far the funniest Starbucks I've ever experienced.  It's built up above the surrounding drive through - like a castle with a moat filled with deadly domestic cars - and has a huge porch out front.  The porch is covered with a lattice but also has the typical Starbucks umbrellas as well for full shade when it's required.    Anyway this place gets four stars b/c it's staffed by geniuses.  I should have tipped you.  I will be back next time I'm in the area (seriously, it's a 45 minute drive and crappy FM isn't going to be able to keep me awake by itself).
5 I never thought I would say you should got to Apache Junction for your coffee, but  you should...  I regular 6 different Starbucks locations b/c I go there to write and do other stuff I don't want to do at home (where I work). This location is the best one.  It's huge. Seriously, it's huge. I think the manager told me it's the biggest in the state. Or maybe it's the highest selling one. Or both. Probably both.  I'm staring at the massive patio right now as I sit inside on their cushy chairs (this one also has the most comfortable soft chairs) and I'm counting about 12 tables on the patio (can't see them all). It has a lattice-type patio cover and of course, it has misters.  All Starbucks locations seem to have a staff with friendliness super powers, where they know your name and they know your drink if you're a regular, but this particular staff even tops the rest. I've noticed them prompting their new employees on the names and drinks of the customers.  There are a lot of tables and it's an open environment -- not cramped like some Starbucks locations. There's also a lot of talented regulars here who are possibly too eager to be your friend if you become a regular, too. That could be a plus or a minus, depending on who you are.  ;)
5 I go through the drive through here every morning before work and am always greeted with the best customer service. The girls here usually recognize me and my order, and are always eager to chat while my drink is being made. When I visit other Starbucks I immediately notice the difference in customer service, not that the other ones are particularly bad, but the people at this location are 10x's better. Ive never had an order messed up, in fact I've gotten offered more free drinks here than anywhere else! Definetly a clean location, great customer service, and an all around good place.
5 I find that this is one of the most relaxed Starbucks on the planet. Off planet, who knows. The porch is huge and there are outdoor couches. People bring their dogs and employees walk out with dog treats. It is a great place to sit and socialize. It doesn't feel like the same old Starbucks.
