1 This store is now operating without a business or contractor's license at 6356 South Pecos. Las Vegas. You'd never know it driving by. The owner is a creep! Avoid this company like the plague. I hope that I don't have to file a suit. Overpricing, untruths, then doesn't want to credit your card when you won't go for the BS.
1 The owner of this store at 6356 South Pecos. Las Vegas is a rude, evil cheat.  He ripped a studio off for thousands.  He took an easily obtainable flooring that retailed for 5,000.00 and charged 11,800.00.  This was without delivery and they even put a surcharge on the original delivery fee from 750.00 up to 1,100.  The flooring delivered was not even what the owner originally wanted.  They have a restocking fee of 40%.  The cheap owner wanted to install something they had no experience with was an elaborate set of dance floors.  He even told her the owner it was fine to use a cheap laminate for a dance floor.  Laminate flooring is entirely inappropriate for a dance studio floor.  On top of that this particular laminate was worth about 1.00 a sq. ft. and he was charging 3.50.  The mere cost of their hardwood is more than a complete custom install from an expert.  The contractor took a non-confrontational approach.  They paid for the goods and then went about selling them to abate as much of the 10 grand loss as possible.  Fortunately they found other honest Las Vegas retailers and installers that went all out for them allowing them to open on time with a fantastic facility.  No contractor or private individual should do any type of business with this store.
2 I can't say much here as i did not use this company. They were very attentive and nice when I was in the showroom to look at prices. The salesman assured me they would do a great job. I gave him my address and phone number and he said once he finds an estimator they would schedule a measurement of my home. A week past and nothing. If they are this lackluster BEFORE they have my business I can only imagine how they would act if I had a problem with their services.  I say pass on this one
