5 I come here about every 2 weeks and well I can't complain. The prices are not to bad. If you are not 10 years of age or under and or 65 years of age and over then you will pay 12 dollars. If you do fall into those age groups then it is only going to be 10 dollars for you. The customer service is great and well sometimes it is very busy and other times well your in and out no wait but that is probably like any haircut place I presume. They put what you do to your hair in the computer so they know exactly what you want when you check in. Great place if you want a cheap and good haircut.
4 My husband comes here all the time but this was my 1st time.  I've officially popped my great clips cherry. It did not disappoint.  Spoke with Barbara on the phone, asked if there was a wait.. Then remembered that you can sign in and make an "apt" online so I did.   As i got there I saw there were 5 people waiting, then i remembered DAH DAAA, i was 1st cause i signed in online. Going straight to the front and getting a seat.. oh yeah biotches! Of course i got loads of dirty looks but hey, maybe they should have been smart and checked in online, mwahaha! (my evil voice).   My hair cutter was Barbara. A nice looking older lady. She was super friendly, we did a lot of talking a talking about my 6 month old that was in the front with my husband. I really liked that she asked what i wanted and was very percise. I'm always afraid to go to someone knew and especially since people say they'll cut an inch and then they cut 4 inches [had that happen to be once upon a time]. She followed my directions to a tee and i left a very happy girl. I shall be back.  Love that its cheap, only 12 dollars [even cheaper if you bring your receipt next time which gives you 2 bucks off]  For customer service that shines, hair that comes out perfect, and a no wait this is the place to be.
1 Wait time too long. I went in one day & was informed of a 50 minute wait time, it wouldn't have been too bad if one of the stylists hadn't serviced one of her friends(who was not on the list) before me. Also, it seems like they don't have any management since some of the "ladies" working there dress as if they were working in a brothel.
1 Probably one of the few times I have ever walked out on an establishment.  I've came here since I was young (middle school). However, I wasn't too happy with how my hair was turning out. There was pretty much only one person here that was able to do my hair, unfortunately I do not believe she works here anymore.   Haircuts here are cheap, but so is the place. I walked in here with my friend a few days ago and instantly we commented on the stench of the place (which smelled like ass). As if getting your hair cut at a dump was not bad enough, I was not greeted  for 5-10 minutes. The staff was not busy or anything at all. There were 2 people getting their hair cut and 1 person waiting. The three staff members "working" kept walking to the front of the counter looking at the computer, walking to their station, then to the backroom, talking on the phone.  My questions are: Why was there only 2 people getting their haircut with 3 employees working? Why couldn't they take the time to say "I'll be right with you"?  I strongly do not recommend this place.
2 This update is for the owner who warmingly invited me back to Great Clips. I was glad that upper management took appropriate actions so no customers would have to experience what I did back in January.   First off, I called in because I was expecting Murphy's Law to happen. Unfortunately, I was right to assume so. The employee who picked up the phone was unconvinced that the owner offered me a free haircut, which was already supposed to be in the system. I responded to the owner 2 weeks ago with all the information he asked of me, yet it was still not in their computer. I then finally made my way to Great Clips with a documented message between me and the owner. I handed it over to one employee who then gathered everyone to observe. I was given dirty looks by multiple employees who act like they have never read a critical review. I'm sure after I left, they all continued to talk behind my back.  I had my hair done by one of the employees who reviewed my message. She rudely commented on how "everyone who writes a bad review will get a free haircut." I tried to change the subject to alleviate the clear animosity; however, the stylist was clearly not in any mood to talk. Finally, as my haircut was almost done, the employee finally started conversation with me. The haircut was done timely and was well done.  I tipped the stylist even though she did not have the best customer service merely because she had at least done something right.  I honestly blame poor management for the lack of service at Great Clips. It does not take much effort to show a smile and start small talk. Kindness goes a long way. Unfortunately, I feel as though the employees are not trained how to handle customers, but merely to cut hair. I felt like after reading a bad review, the staff would be nicer and maybe apologize for last time, but just the opposite happened. They were bitter over the bad review and contested that "they ALWAYS greet customers."  I really waned to update a better review for Great Clips, but when I come back to expect better customer service, only to be rudely stared down and talked amongst the staff, I'll gladly take my business somewhere else. The only reason why this place earned an additional star is because my hair didn't turn out horrid like my past experiences and the disgusting stench no longer smelled the room.
5 Best service!
5 I recently came in and got a hair cut from Melody. She did a great job! She is very friendly, has a great personality and listens to your requests. She really pays attention to details and takes her time to make sure you are completely satisfied. I hate when people are in a big rush and treat you like a number. That is not the case here. She definitely knows her craft and makes you feel really comfortable. I will be back to see  Melody and I highly recommend her to everyone looking for a professional stylist.
5 Back again to see Melody and I am completely happy as always. Great haircut, good conversation and an overall pleasant experience. If you are looking for a great hair stylist she is the one;)
3 I miss my other great clips already... this one doesn't feel nearly as welcoming and the staff didn't seem to have interest in chatting with clients like any decent place would. The lady that cut my hair was very nice and friendly but didn't say a peep during my cut other than questions about my hair.  Anyway... my biggest gripe was the lady that cut my hair was using a $20 clipper set that was probably bought at walmart. The size guides were plastic and came in a variety of colors. I'm sorry but that just shouldn't happen at a professional establishment. Every professional should have a nice set of clippers. It's the principal of it more than anything.... yes, she did a good job on my hair but it just doesn't feel like you get the same type of cut with plastic cheap clippers. I didn't notice if the others were using the same but the staff at the great clips i frequented by my old apartment definitely had better equipment.
