4 So I'm on my way out of town to visit family in california and I am a little low of gas and figure I better fill up before heading out. At the M casino near the edge of Vegas I see they have a gas station pretty much connected to the place. Noticing the Jack connected to the place I figure what the hell and decide to grab an early lunch.   The place is obviously brand new, the whole building is sparkling clean and everything is shiny. Nice photos all over the place from what I can only assume are old Jack commercials, very tasteful. They even have something that I have never seen at any other Jack, a cool new kiosk where you can order food without having to actually talk to anyone. Cool little device, but not all the necessary given how friendly the staff were.   Food was pretty good, got a sirloin burger with a side of egg rolls (god I love those egg rolls). The egg rolls were a little over done but piping hot and I got everything extremely fast. All in all a good meal and good service with an excellent location just as you are entering or leaving Vegas. Gas was fairly cheap, food service was quick, and the employees were friendly.
4 Who doesn't love Jack in the box after a long night of alcohol? It's right next to the freeway. You can order breakfast anytime and its quick and painless.
4 Ok I kid you not, the people who take your order at this place are hilarious. I have NEVER seen them in a bad mood, it's trippy! You know you have good management when...  I gave this 4 stars though, because they messed up my order. =) No tomatoes and mayo, does not mean no lettuce and bacon & leave the tomato while you're at it...   hahah it's alright, ill still go there anyway, they make me laugh
1 We frequently visit this Jacks on way home. This time after I hard days work, they seemed a bit busy and took longer than normal. The car in front of me, placed an order and I guess couldn't wait and decided to leave. This jacks had a way out before you get to window. When I pull up to window, she gives me a total which wasn't mine. I tell her that wasn't my order and I wasn't sure if she swiped my card yet. So I tell her my order was 28 dollars and not 7! I get home with dinner and we all eat. My wife decides to check our account and asked me what else did I order? I had my receipt of 28.80. I been back here twice to get a refund of 7.56! And manager wasn't there. I'm getting the run around, and we probably will not be visiting this jacks anymore.
