1 I am Canadian newly immigrated to the US... so getting credit was difficult.  I put $3500 down and they sold me a car.  A couple weeks later, the GM calls me asks if he could take another look over the car.  When I got there, the GM appologized but told us the car had been in an accident and that I was over charged.  The GM wrote up a new contract and cut off a bunch of my amount owing.  I discovered that the battery in the car was too small for the car and that was replaced as well.  I also made them replace the bald tires that should not have passed inspection.  Being disatisfied with the car, I checked into buying a new car and using it as a trade it.... only to find out that the car was SALVAGE - completely written off in a car accident.  On my paperwork it stated "REBUILT TITLE" which I thought was done because they redid all of our paperwork.  So the car I bought for $8600 is now only worth $3000!  They were quite rude as I was in return.  GET A CAR FACTS FROM THEM BEFORE YOU BUY!    BEWARE!  PS: AZTEC AUTO IS THE SAME COMPANY
1 SCAM!!! I purchased my very first vehicle febuary 4th from baja with great credit I put $2,500 down, A week later they called and asked me for another $500.00 down on top of my $360.00 monthly car payment. My warranty CLAIMED 90 days for power transmission repair only with a $100.00 deductible. However after 97 days my vehicle broke down, The radiator and top and lower hoses had to be replaced on top of a new moter .for the vehicle had not been inspected properly upon my purchase and the car had MANY issues with the Motor , Engine, and radiator. I have had this car for three months and have spent well over $2,500 to fix it and more to come. when the vehicle broke down the sales-team said to have it towed to their repair shop and told me I will have to put half down to repair it and they will include the rest in my monthly car payment. on top of all this I paid well over $13,000 for a 2003 LEMON that is blue booked at $7,000 The sales team has no idea about vehicles and there lease agreement is bull, its fine print and does not cover anything long tern, this company picks up lemons and fixes them temporarily to mark up the price and re sale. I m a young responsible lady who has always been on top of my bills, i have amazing credit and now im stuck with a broken down vehicle i just purchased. these people screwed me over for the next 3 years of my life. They should feel horrible for the Games they play and the scams they run just to benefit their income and make money they have no conscious or heart. I hope this company one day will get the karma they deserve. My father is a mechanic and has showed me how to maintain my vehicles while growing up, and i have never had to come across a problem with a vehicle one after another.
1 BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE SCAM SCAM SCAM........I took my car in because of transmission issues, Alex charged me $650 to fix the transmission with a 1 year warranty. 3 months later I went to Firestone to get a oil change and they said my transmission was leaking. SO since I had the 1 year warranty with Baja I took it back. Alex told me it's not the transmission that is leaking it is the engine and he can fix it for $450!!!!! SO I took it to a reputable business unlike Baja and the service man showed me exactly where it was leaking and guess what it was leaking from the transmission and he only charged me $250 to fix Baja's F&%ck up!!!!  DO NOT PATRANIZE THIS BUSINESS !!!  They will mess up your car on purpose so you can keep bringing it back.
1 They don't even deserve a star, here's why, this is one of the worst places to buy a car. I bought a Jeep wrangler there and a month later the rear axle failed on the freeway, at about 65 MPH I could have been killed had the vehicle flipped over, it failed because the differential didn't have sufficient oil and starved the axle bearing the geniuses at Baja even went through the vehicle I even saw it on the lift, with the differential opened up, so I thought oh theses guys are on top of it, I was wrong, and I paid the price for my error  granted it was sold as is and there is no recourse for me.The Mechanics are idiots. I made real mistake setting foot on their property. They could care less about you the customer.I hope someone puts them out of business.I wish I had went to a real dealership, I wouldn't be in the mess I am in now. What ever you do don't Buy anything from them, this ranks as one of the biggest mistakes of my life going there, all because I thought it would be cool to drive a wrangler, well not so cool now.I wish I could find a way to sue them.
5 Reading previous reviews, I really don't understand how anyone could have a bad experience here. I came here recently after work to browse, because its close to where I live and their website showed several BMW and Mercedes models I was interested in.  The staff was super friendly and not pushy and annoying like at most dealerships. I never got the feeling I was being scammed or ripped off, and I put less than $5000 down on a 2010 BMW 328i with reasonable monthly payments. Overall I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good selection and a haggle-free experience.
1 I bought my car 4/5/2013 the night I drove home the check engine light turned on I went to back and forth to them 4 times and finally after the 5th time going in they fixed the problem about three months after just in time for the warranty to be up the light came on again long story short now a year later I need a new car because I am having to to major fixes to the car    I put 4,000 down and I still owe 9,000  and the car Kelly blue books for 2,500 I got ripped I wouldn't recommend them to anybody that is looking for a reliable car  because you will be in the same position I am
