1 These folks might be able to kill bugs, but I'll never find out. What they can do is DUMP GARBAGE all over a neighborhood of mostly seniors, who then have to pick it up.  Preventive Pest Control uses leaflets instead of junk mail. Either they dump, or hire people, to dump hundreds of these flyers in neighborhoods advertising their service. Our neighborhood got hit last week. Since we're near Sun Lakes, many in our community are seniors. Did they need to be picking up 4, 5, 6 or more flyers/postcards off their driveways, lawns, flowerbeds, bushes???  NO! It's littering on private property, and nearly every house got hit! A week later, and walking around the neighborhood, you still see their garbage in people's yards, driveways, and in the street.  If they come clean up their garbage, I'll take down this review. Until then, they are more of a problem than the pests they want us to pay them to eliminate.  Maybe we should all dump our garbage at your house? Easy enough to look up at the ACC, you know.
5 I moved into my home in 2003. Over the years I have been through at least 6 pest control companies. Most of them made big promises but never delivered. Our area had a serious scorpion problem and although I know they are tought to deal with, I expect a company to tell me the truth. In other words, if you say you can control them, I darn well expect you to do that.  Everyone wants you to sign a contract. When I was approached a few years ago by Preventive, I told them flat out - if you guys can do what you promise, we will have a happy relationship, if not, not only will I end our relationship, but that contract of yours will be as worthless as tissue.   These guys have NOT let me down. Since they have been taking care of my home, I have had almost no pests in my home at all. My technician Trey is awesome, friendly, responsive, informative and professional. They are a pleasure to do business with. Totally!   Thank you Preventive for being a company of integrity!
1 Not here to bash just state my encounter. Setting up my appointment was fast easy and painless, very friendly staff. On the day of my appointment I got a phone call 15 minuets before they were scheduled to be here from "my tech" saying that he wouldn't be able to make it after all. I asked if he could come since I already left work 2 hours early to make this window, I was told nothing can be done. Now I'm just extremely disappointed, wish it could have been a better experience.
5 I've been using them for both my business and personal home for 5 years.  They are one of the easiest pest companies to work with.  I am setup on the bi-monthly service which is great because if we see any bugs at all between services we just call them and they will come back for free to re-spray, no hassle.  I know pest companies can't really promise to get rid of scorpions (and Preventive Pest doesn't) but I can say that within days of them spraying I always see a few dead ones around the house...thankfully they did their job and these nasty bugs are belly up.
5 I am extremely pleased with Preventive Pest Control. Preston called me last week to set up day and time that works best with our busy schedule.  He was great with answering my questions and any concerns I had. We got the confirmation phone call day before scheduled day of service.  On day of scheduled service, Our tech Patrick called to advise ETA . He was Very informative and knowledgeable upon arrival. Did I mention his excellent customer service skills ?  He was Very Polite and personable.  He makes you feel like your the most important customer.  We really enjoyed talking with him.  He treated the pest problem and explained the time frame to expect results. Patrick was also very careful with spraying  around our cats and their food/water bowls also.  I highly Recommend Preventive Pest Control!
5 This staff is very thorough and impressive.  The office/administration are friendly, attentive and always follow-up to make sure my needs are met.  The technicians are complete and thorough and always make sure the problem is solved even if they have to return to the home for additional/different treatments (at no charge).
