5 I would highly (highly, highly) recommend T Brothers Tile.  We found T Brothers through servicemagic.com. After reading horrible reviews about Service Magic, and not being able to find any reviews about T Brothers online, we had some reservations. Mark at T Brothers eased our worries, though. He gave us a great deal on tile installation (cheapest we found in town) as he was completely willing to negotiate closer to what we had budgeted without complaints.  T Brothers also sells tile, which worked out to our benefit as they had a great selection at discounted rates from the vendor. Our entire job (installation and tile) cost us less than we had anticipated and was done better than we had expected.  The two contractors that came to our house were hard-working, kind and definitely experienced. They laid out the tile dry and carefully made sure the layout would work for our floor plan. They took their time doing the install and especially did an amazing job with corners and cuts. They cleaned up after themselves after the installation was complete, and kept a clean working area during the install.  I have absolutely nothing bad to say about T Brothers Tile and I cannot recommend this company enough! Before you buy tile or installation elsewhere, check with T Brothers because I'm sure they can give you better quality product and installation in half the price. Go now! What are you waiting for? :)
1 I was referred to them via Lumber Liquidators.  They came out to do an estimate for laminate flooring in my house.  They came out on a Tuesday and said I would have the estimate by Thursday of that week.  When Friday came and I did not have an estimate I called them to inquire.  They explained that there was a glitch in their system and some emails were not going out.  They explained that nobody was in the office to resend, so I would get it first thing on Monday.  On Monday I STILL did not receive the estimate, so I called AGAIN and they told me I would have it by the end of the day.  Now it is Tuesday (a full week later), and I still have no estimate, even after calling twice about it.  Since this company can't even seem to get me a simple estimate, I have NO confidence that they would be able to complete the work in an efficient and professional manner.
5 We have done over 20 projects with T-Brothers tile in the past two years.  They have installed carpet, wood and tile floors for us throughout the valley from small apartments to multimillion dollar residences. They definitely deserve your consideration on your next flooring project. Axiom Construction & Management
5 I was just searching lumber liquidators and I came across Tbrothers rating's they were the company that installed our granite in the kitchen they did a great job it was years ago. They broke my garden window during install it was replace for me in days. I would recommend them.they were on time,priced well and they did a good job.
5 We had carpet removed and hardwood floors installed in less than 8 hours by these guys. It looks beautiful!   The customer service was spot on. The team is just that--people working together quickly and efficiently to get the job done. No problems in the floor--it's a smooth finish with no knicks or wobbly floorboards.   Definitely would recommend to anybody needing this type of work done!
1 READ THIS ENTIRE REVIEW!!!!! I can help you decide about Tbros. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY horrible work and never calls you back  shows up when they want to, not to mention supervisor told worker to do work a certain way- per my instructions- and the worker did what he wanted to do. Had them rip it out and do it again and they charged me for it. the supervisor told his boss what happened but they charged me any way. I called and called to resolve the issue but the supervisor would not return my calls but every time I called the next day I was e mailed the same bill I disputed all along, they would not even speak to me. I was never nasty mind you I was very polite every time and positive about the issue. PLEASE,PLEASE,PLEASE, if you are thinking about using this company DON"T. Resist the temptation to use them  no matter how cheap they might be. Try someone else if you do not know who to use.  Please DO go to their website and look at the first picture of the shower, where the glass meets the tile on the right there is a wall  tile so far out of plane with the others that you can set a glass on it. this picture accurately represents what you will get from this company when you hire them, and I do mean in every way shape and form you can think of. If value and quality are a priority for you do not use Tbros tile. If you decide to use them after reading this review you have my full sympathy.
5 We recently sold our house and I still joke that I wish we could have taken those tile floors with us. My dad, who was in construction himself for 20+ years, frequently called it the best tile job he had ever seen. Me too.  Great work T Brothers. Seriously! 4.5 years later and I am still bragging about this tile job. Now my big question is, how much will they charge for food, travel and lodging to install new tile for me now 1300 miles away?
5 I have had T Brothers Tile do two jobs for me in the past 2 years. First they laid hardwood floors and granite counters in my guest house. They did such an excellent job for a good price, when I needed new tile in my bathroom, they were the first ones I called. They did the job wonderfully, quickly and reasonably. All of my flooring, tile, and countertop business will be with them and I recommend them highly.
1 This week, T brothers came out to install wood floors in my entryway , living and dinning room. I bought my wood through Lumber Liquidators and this is the company they sent to do the job. The crew came in and the living room and dinning room went smoothly. The entryway, however, has been a disaster. I did the prep work myself and had concerns because I could not get it even. I informed the company of this and was assured that the installers would smooth and make sure it was level. Well, they did not. They didn't check , level or do a dry run with the wood before applying the glue hoping just to get it done. It was a total disaster The wood was taken up, cut and reset  several times, with the glue on it trying to get it straight. By 9 in the evening I was asking them to leave because noting was going right. They came back out the next day to do finishing touches and clean the mess up. They took glue removed and rubbed down my entire floors, which left a film visible the next morning. The boss, Bill, called me the next day to address my concerns. When I tried to tell him, he was rude and disrespectful talking over me while defending his worker. I had to ask him to be professional and stop talking for a minute and listen to me, the customer, which he finally did. He continued to defend his worker and tried to tell me the glue remover had mineral spirits in it so it was OK to use all over my floor. I just shook my head and could see where this was going. He send another worker to fix my concerns and I have to say, it was like night and day. This worker has had to remove half of of entryway so far just to get it level enough to install the baseboards. Even he couldn't believe what the other guy did and indicated he has this problem all the time. He said his work is always sloppy and he should really be doing something else. I do not recommend this company for a couple of reasons. First, because of the rudeness of the owner in defending the installers work. Second, for continuing to keep a bad apple knowing there are problems with his work. Perhaps, he is paying him next to nothing. I don't know. I paid good money for my floors and to have PROFESSIONALS install it. It is a shame the the second guy wasn't sent to do the job in the first place. I am sure my rating would be tops!!!       .
5 Haven't had a ton of experience with carpeting but Bill and his team made our experience very enjoyable.  I really felt like they cared about my situation and what would be best for me and my home.  My wife loved their customer service as well. A+ service and it didn't break the bank.
