1 This was one of the filthiest grocery stores I have ever been in.   (The other one vying for this distinction is another Vons in Las Vegas.)  The floors looked like they hadn't been cleaned since the store opened and there was dust on the products on the shelves.  We were so disgusted by the filth that we would only purchased packaged items - no meat, produce, or deli products.  Go elsewhere!
1 Ugh! Ghetto!!! 0 stars if I could!!  How does a place like this stay open!!   I mean its outrageously priced,dirty as hell , produce & meat is poor quality and it is located in the scruviest place with more homeless people harassing you in the parking lot  than anywhere I've ever been in Las Vegas.  The Von's gas station ain' t bad but for groceries there's an Albertson's or Smith's down the street!
4 Yeah, this one's not in the best neighborhood, but I don't shop here at night. It doesn't matter that when I come here during the day, there are lots of weirdos shopping here- yup, some crazies. Inside it's more modern than other Vons; popular store, busy. There is a US Bank inside- the primary reason for my visits, but not recently. My mom banked with the same bank too, so double that- plus the hours were better than the normal banking hours. If there's a line, just look at the books nearby. Starbucks inside. The liquor is locked up in front. Seasonal items in front as well. Good bakery department. Excellent gift card section. Entertainment coupon participant- four of them, time specific. As with all Vons, typically higher prices for the groceries compared to Smith's. Go for the sales or if you're in the area. And definitely get the card if you don't already have it, since the prices are better using it.
2 What is up with this place?? Smith's quality with Whole Foods prices? No thanks.  I go here once every 6 months, then immediately realize WHY I  don't go here.  I kinda live in the hood, so I don't find it terribly "ghetto," as some people have said... but it's just not that great and the prices are SO HIGH. On the plus side, the cashiers are usually friendly.
1 Von's is part of Safeway. Years ago, Safeway went out to remodel their stores, tearing out flourescent strip lighting, switching to mood-spot lighting like a department store, redesigning the bakery, deli, and produce areas, adding Starbucks concessions and Wells Fargo bank branches inside, and raised prices and tried to raise quality, and introduced their own "O" brand (no, not Oprah's, but Organic!) to compete with Whole Paycheck, er I mean Whole Foods, and get higher margins sales, or loyal customers with the Safeway Club card for big discounts off the inflated prices.   Most every California Safeway has gone through this transformation. But Von's and Nevada are a little behind.   There are two "Ghetto Von's" in the east side of Las Vegas, pretty close to each other, just off the Maryland Blvd. This one on Twain has been remodeled finally.  But unfortunately, they couldn't remodel the riff raff clients. And the remodel isn't the same, because this place doesn;t have the volume of well heeled customers like the suburban Summerlin and Henderson locations, so the shelves are half empty.   But you can find about 6 scooter chairs here to shop around in. And a bank of slot machines to idle away your time and loose change or pocket money. And the slot machine change guy is easier to find than another checker to open up a new line after 10 people are waiting in only one.  The other "Ghetto Von's" hasn't finished remodeling yet. It is a mess. So it is a step down for a store, but the people who frequent it are a slight step up.
2 My friends and I stopped here to stock up on groceries for our hotel room. Prices were acceptable, considering how expensive things are on The Strip. There was a horrible stench at the entrance that almost made us walk right back out the door. Overall, a dilapidated, sad, and sub-par grocery store. I definitely wouldn't grocery shop here as a local, but it met my limited needs as a Vegas visitor.
1 I like to come here for US Bank. However, the store is another story. Its usually pretty  busy and they only have 1 or 2 cashiers on at night. Its old and run down the staff isn't that friendly. If They are getting something that is locked up and you ask for the same product or the product next to it they will tell you to go wait in line instead of doing customer service and saving themselves and others time. I will go there for the bank and do my shopping somewhere else.
1 I can certainly understand why there are NO 5-star reviews for this place.  I went there on June 7, 2012, hopefully for the LAST time.  I will say that the cashier, SONNY, was extremely friendly, courteous and polite, and he is an excellent representative for this company, but if he's smart, he'll find another job, elsewhere.  As I have mentioned in other reviews, I judge a place by the way I am treated, and not by much else.  But here's the problem:  When you have a concern, management IGNORES YOU.  When I attempt to telephone (and speak with) the manager, TERRY HAISTEN, all I get is, "He's not here," or "He's in a meeting."  So, I left my phone number (on one occasion, with some flunky named, "Mike") who said, "He'll call you back, as soon as he can."  Well, he NEVER called me back.  So much for MY repeat business at this place.  To be fair, I won't condemn the entire chain, based on this one outlet, but I'm really not all that willing to go to another outlet, only to be treated the same way.
1 Generally it's justifiable for a company to be overpriced IF its customer service/products are a higher quality than its competitors. I don't go to Vons very often (its location is inconvenient), but the e-coupon for $3.99 deli turkey was enough inducement for me to give them another chance & make the trek over to the Twain store. Tonight's "stellar" example of customer service is why I won't be going back for a good long time.      I waited through Ty's line (long lines, only 2 registers open) only to be told the computer wasn't picking up my account correctly (supposedly my phone number was invalid), so my transaction was suspended. Joan, nice helpful sort of woman, brought me to the customer e-coupon computers to see what was going on- my account came up just fine under my phone number, and she made sure the e-coupon was there. Then she brought me back to Ty, who made me wait for her to help ALL the OTHER customers in her line FIRST. Then AFTER she'd finished with them, she turned to another cashier- Wendy (who was getting back from a break?), passed her my transaction hold slip, and asked HER to ring me up. Wendy brought me to a 2nd register where manager Debbie was ringing up a line of customers. We waited for Debbie to finish her ENTIRE line & then Wendy got on her register, brought up my transaction & told me that THE COMPUTER WASN'T PICKING UP MY ACCOUNT CORRECTLY, so my transaction was put on hold AGAIN & I was sent back to the computers with Joan.  There were 2 guys using 1 of the 2 computers there & instead of going back into my account to fix the problem on the available computer, Joan chose to sit with them & help them (I suspect she didn't know what else to do to help me & so she was avoiding trying to do what she didn't know how to do). Finally I went back on my own to Wendy & asked if there wasn't another way to do this. Manager Debbie came over & overwrote the transaction (so I did FINALLY get the meat at the right price, which is the ONLY reason it could possibly deserve a star). It was 6:44 when Ty put my transaction on hold the 1st time, but by the time I FINALLY got OUT OF Vons, IT WAS 7:17!!! Since I was picking up my boyfriend from work & didn't have time to make it home after my HALF HOUR+ WAIT & drop off the turkey (& chicken) I was forced to watch as $70 worth of meat ROTTED for almost TWO HOURS. Vons- FAIL!!!
2 I'm being generous and giving this location two stars even though it probably only deserves one.   It's one of the two Vons that inexplicably sandwich UNLV. As another reviewer noted, both of these are the worst Vons in Las Vegas. They are dingy and often have odd smells of old food.  The prices are not low. Sometimes you might get something on sale or use Vons'  Just for U program, but you will usually pay 20% more for things that aren't on sale vs Smiths. I've gotten some decent prices on ok beer, although their selection isn't great. They have Guinness, Newcastle and Fat Tire, but they tend to devote most space to Coors and Budweiser.   They do have a decent amount of mainstream vegetarian options like Tofurky and Morningstar Farms. The in house Safeway frozen products have all been gross in my experience, including the pizza.
1 Ghettooooo. This is the type of store where they have the Tide on lock down and anything you might be able to make meth out of only sold in limited quantities.   The customer base is a blend of tweakers, unplanned pregnancies and foreign exchange students who have a look of, "I left Finland for this?" on their faces.   I almost bought some neckbones (I'm black don't judge me) but there was so much blood in the pkg I was afraid I'd find a severed hand in there when I got home. #pass   I'm not even sure how I ended up here. Oh yeah. The dairy is on 3 separate places. Seriously. Aisle 4, the back wall and in one of those open fridge things where there's also 10 for $10 fish filets from fish you've never heard of from Paraguay (which I think is a landlocked Nazi haven. I could be mistaken).  Anyway avoid unless this is where your meet your dealer.
2 This place has to be the cesspool of Vons. There are prominently displayed security cameras and monitors, security guards, turnstiles, and worst of all, annoyingly staggered double doors (one on each opposite end of the entrance is closed), making the place really annoying.  Luckily, they had the $2 24-packs of water for sale, which is all that we really needed. But then the clerk just had to be really slow at checking out the two people in front of us, which got my family annoyed and the guy behind us audibly distressed.  We just went here on happenstance since it was on our route of travel and we wanted to take advantage of a "good" deal (yeah, I know bottled water is terrible, but it's convenient). Don't go here.
1 Wow. Ghetto really is the word here. Security for a grocery store?!  Had the double doors closed one on right and one on left so you had to zig zag through the entrance too.
