5 Dr. Kopolow and his staff are very professional, thorough, and easy to work with.  I was seen for my eye exam right on time. I will definitely continue to do business with this group.
2 Recently bought 2 pairs of glasses from them.  They dropped the ball on my order for the second pair and I had to literally call corporate numerous times in order to finally get what I paid for.  I expected a lot more from a big national name like Pearle Vision.  As it turns out, this location is only a franchise and the company let's them do business however they want to.  Meh
1 Our family chose to go to Pearle Vision because of a Groupon discount on glasses.   To keep this short, the staff was rude, the doctor gave my father the wrong prescription (had to come in a second time to have to fixed), and my mother received bi-focal lenses that were faulty. She complained the past year about not being able to read well with the glasses, and it turns out they made her glasses and cut out the reading section of the lenses. Their mistake! We never knew.   All our glasses were made so cheaply, it's impossible to keep them clean even with premium sprays and wipes. And believe me, we paid a fortune to get all the optimum anti-reflective coatings and etc.  Will NEVER go to any Pearle Vision again.
1 This place barely receives one star; worst customer experience ever!   I had recently moved to the valley for an internship around north Rainbow and was having eye problems so I went to them and they did my eye exam and gave me a prescription. A year and a half later I have permantely relocated to the valley for a job but much further south than my original internship. I needed glasses and was told by a clinic near the area I now live that a prescription usually expires in two years. I knew I had been to Pearle Vision a year and a half so I tried to get my prescription unsuccessfully.  I called this place at least four times, left messages, actually left work early to drive all the way across town just so I could be told that I could not have the paper I already paid for because it was expired. Even though I told them that the place I went to said they could make glasses with a prescription less than two years old. The staff was rude and unprofessional saying they would email me or call me back but I never received anything.   I'm pretty sure this staff lost my prescription because they didn't even know what doctor I saw (I saw a woman and they repeatedly told me I saw a man). Or they wanted me to get my eyes checled again so they could have more of my money. Worst experience ever. I even made myself a yelp account just to warn people to stay away but after reading the rest of these comments, I think that message has clearly been made.
5 I went to the 2021 N. Rainbow location and had a great experience. They were on time with my appointment, the receptionist was very nice and thorough.  She printed my benfits to help me when it was time to choose my glasses. The techs where very nice helping me at each test (I have problems walking). The doctor was also very thorough when going through my results from the pictures taken and when doing my eye exam. He then walked me out to Theresa who I told I wasn't sure what I wanted.  I was sad that I didn't have my daughter or mom with me to help me find the right pair. Well, she went above and beyond, helping me find the perfect pair! She brought them all to me so I didn't have to stand or walk through the store! I also got a pair of sunglasses that I'm really happy with! I can't wait to pick them up at the end of this week.  They know how to treat a customer. I didn't feel like they rushed me at any time and I know I will be using them for my whole family in the future. :)
4 Dr. Kopolow and his staff were fine. Courteous, and thorough, no surprises. During my visit they seemed to be busier than usual and were having a little trouble coping so I wasn't quite on time, but I wasn't kept waiting long. I don't have any opinion on the quality of their glasses since I didn't purchase any (just got an eye exam).
1 I order contacts from here. I get 90 days. Well one month they only gave me 30 days worth.Then the next month they did the same thing.They did the same thing each time they charged us for 90 days. Well we called them and they said that was not right. They were going to give us what they owed us. They only gave us 1 month of what they owed us. So we called them again and now they won't give us any more months of what they owe us! DO NOT GO HERE FOR CONTACTS EVER GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
