5 These folks are really nice and accomodating. This is one of many different locations and I must say I get the same amount of attention and hospitality at the various locations I have been in. Cancer is never a pleasant thing but these guys try to make you feel comfortable as much as possible.
4 Very nice, knowledgeable staff. They do their best to get you in an out with complimentary bev, snacks, books, magazine, even a personal dvd player just in case your stay is longer than you want. :)
5 When you have a serious health problem, people tell you to concentrate on just getting well. However, the reality is that there are appointments and insurance and bills and work and bills.  The staff at CCC has been caring, knowledgeable, and  very concerned with every aspect of my well being. They have made the physical and financial aspects so much easier.  Let's just start with how quickly they return phone calls. I so appreciate that!  I was assigned a financial counselor who explained everything,  no matter how many times I asked. They completed forms for work within a day, without charge, and with all the details my employer needed. This office is that very important mix of competent and caring.  They have definitely impacted my healing in a positive way.
5 Dr. Obara and his staff (Katie, Debbie, and Ellen) are beyond fantastic.  They have made the worst time in our lives much easier to deal with.  To say they are devoted to their patients doesn't do them justice.  The level of care at CCCN goes beyond devotion.  From the front desk to the chemo nurses, everyone has been so great.  Can't recommend this facility enough.
1 BEWARE OF THIS DOCTOR & CLINIC!  My father, Richard Timmons, was a patient of Dr. Obara (who claims(?)  to be a lung cancer specialist) for several years.  Richard saw this Doctor and clinic about every three weeks.   The Dr was charging my dad about $800.00 and giving him B12 injections.    Right under the care of this clinic,  my father displayed 2 obvious and visual signs of lung cancer- right in front of their eyes-1)   he lost about 50 pounds and 2)  he had these curving bubbled fingernails.    I even read that on the internet, myself.    This Dr. never even gave dad a chest x-ray!  Anyway, the fact stands that this clinic never knew Richard had class 4 lung cancer tumor growing in his left lung under his heart-until Dad went to the cardiac specialist.   This heart doctor found the tumor; and well, now my dad passed away May 10, 2013.  Dad's last visits were of this year:  Jan 31, 2013, Feb 20, 2013, March 20, 2013, April 17, 2013.      Well, it sounds like you folks in your 40's are happy and feel well cared for here.   Just watch closely for the Sr. Citizen in your life, if they feel safe and well-cared for at this clinic, it may or not be the case.  If they are a nice sweet ole guy, this clinic will charge them a lot of money (but my dad did have excellent health insurance) and not really be paying close attention.   So, this clinic saw an easy meal ticket in my dad, and now he's gone.  RIP dad.
4 This office is really busy.  There is some waiting in regular basis. They provide several puzzles to pass the time and keep your mind busy while waiting. Please refrain from wearing perfume as s courtesy to those going through chemotherapy. Some magazines,  freebie kind, I suggest bringing your own reading materials. Dr Gregory Obara is great.  Completely thorough. Will post sgain a after conclusion of treatment.
2 My daughter was moved to this facility after going to the Children's Cancer Center for over 10 years.  Her experience has been so sad, first time two months ago for her first IVIG treatment there:  We always have someone go with her, we were told no seats for any visitors and we were to wait for 5 hours in the lobby.  Then she has always had her IV in her arm and they argued with her about this and told her it had to be done in her hand!  Down fall number 2!  I feel that since we have the insurance and pay the bill we have patient rights and my daughter was refused to have her treatment administered as she had done it for the past 11 years.  Next they ran her treatments too fast and may have even used another form of IVIG!  She has been sick after both treatments and this last one she had to go to the ER the following Monday after her treatment.  We are lost!  We wonder if they listen to their patients or just farm them in and out?? This is how my daughter feels and my feelings are the same.  Patients have rights and Comprehensive Cancer needs to listen to the patient, the patient knows their body better than anyone.  Since my daughter may be heading for a relapse.
