4 I am a fan of Dr. Nassar and Smile Design Center (I visit his office on Ft. Apache). I had to get dental x-rays, an exam and detailed paperwork filled out after my return from the Peace Corps. Dr. John took the paperwork home with him to complete and allowed me to return it to the PC office quickly after my exam. He also did a price quote for a problem with my tooth that occurred while I was in the PC and now that it has been approved I will definitely be taking my business to "Dr. John", as he goes by. His staff is friendly and helpful. I was referred to Dr. John by my boyfriend and I now I know why.
5 I really hate going to the dentist... even more than your average person. (Bad childhood experiences involving Eastern European dentistry with no anesthesia.) So it means a lot when I say that my visit to Dr. Nassar was actually pleasant. The staff was friendly, helpful and very patient. My cleaning was completely painless and stress-free and the doctor really took the time to talk to me and go over what I needed done. I didn't feel rushed or like my questions were being ignored. The office manager was knowledgeable about what my insurance would cover, one less thing for me to stress about. I'm very happy to have found this dentist.
5 Love this office. Dr John is amazing. Quick painless comfortable office. And he has me laughing the entire visit
5 I have been going to Dr. John for the past six years. Dr. John and his office staff are very professional, and the cleanings were great. When you have an appointment they are so punctual every time, there is no waiting. When you need to get work done Dr. John is the best.
5 I have been coming to Smile Design Center for just over 6 years... these guys are amazing. Dr. James and Ashley are awesome and super friendly. The other staff is always nice and friendly. I will continue to come here as long as I live in Vegas.
5 My children and I have been coming here ever since we moved into the neighborhood 4 years ago, one of the best decisions that I've made since buying my home. The staff is very professional and courteous, especially Ashley
5 AMAZING DOCTORS! SIMPLY WONDERFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE! Ask for Ashley, she is amazing and awesome to talk to. My mouth has never felt better and after the exam and treatment all I want to do is recommend EVERYONE to go here!
5 Amazing dentists that really take time with their patients, and care about us patients!!!
