1 Do not shop here. You will regret it .Absolutely horrible! 15 day return policy is bogus. Tried to return a hat two days after I bought it because it shrunk which they said it wouldn't. They say that since I wore the hat it was not returnable. Which means they don't return anything. The two kids that run the shop don't k ow what manners are either because they were so rude.
4 In the last week, I've been to 3 different Sideline Sports.  I've been to the North Decatur location, Boca Park's, and this one.  Out of the 3, this has to be the best. Best in terms of size of the location, selection, cleanliness, and staff.    When I comes to searching for your favorite team gear or shopping for Christmas presents, value and selection is a must.  When it comes to prices, Sideline Sports is about average with the rest of the sport shops.  When it comes to selection, this specific Sideline Sports has it all.  I initially came here looking for a few Christmas gifts for friends and family.  I ended up buying most things for myself.  Christmas is about giving.  And sometimes I will not hesitate to give to myself.    I'm huge on customer service and this one doesn't disappoint.  My most recent visit was 5 minutes before closing.  I expected to find that one thing for my brother-in-law and ended up spending an additional 15 minutes shopping for myself.  The staff never rushed me out and even took the extra time to help me find what I was looking for.    Overall 4 stars for service and selection.  I will definitely be back very soon.
1 If I could give NEGATIVE stars, I would!!!  I have been a long time customer and brought in a friend for the first time. My friend and I made purchases and she attempted to make a return of one of her purchases the same week....and was met with the WORST experience I have ever had as a customer in ANY store. The "manager" Chris got mouthy with me and with my friend. He told me that although his return and store policy sign ADMITS that they have the right to alter their store policy, he explained, "that only means I can alter it for OUR benefit"!!!  REALLY???  So you are outwardly telling me that you don't care at all about mine or my friend's business??  Yes, he did say that. And here I have been a LOYAL customer...myself, my husband, my in-laws, my folks and my extended family...and now, all in the name of 100 dollars, this store chose to be nasty and refuse a return with tags on it and a receipt. BUYER BEWARE...THEY ADMIT TO YOUR FACE THAT THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS!!!  I'm SOOO very disappointed...but Amazon here we all come!!!  Way better customer service and a WAY better attitude!!!
1 I found their selection to be thin, customer service severely lacking, and return policy ridiculous.  You, as the buyer, are NOT right.  You would think these guys had a monopoloy on sports gear for iur Valley!  There are far better sports stores in Vegas with great memorabilia - some even routinely bring in greats like Gale Sayers!  Consider this shop at the bottom of the heap.
5 If I had to describe Sideline Sports in 2 words both words would be majestic. I'm not one to praise or bash stores on the internet, I normally have a lot better things to do with my time. Although this time I had to share my feelings towards this amazing retail location. I would give it 10 stars if I could.It's the greatest place in the history of this world and possibly other worlds. God bless america and god bless sideline sports
4 I love this place.  New Era hats are buy one get one 50% off.  Jackets, pullovers, hoodies are 20% off.  Prices are very competitive, and the employees are friendly, and helpful.  No other sports apparrel retailer anywhere can offer such great deals on New Era, Nike, and Addidas.   The only downside that I see is that they don't have a huge selection, and are limited on sizes.
