4 Needed a new dentist when I moved to Vegas and took me about a year to find one. Dynamic Dental is convient to my office and has great customer service. They have TVs in the chairs, which helps pass the time for long appointments. Unlike other doctors, Dr Kim and his staff are always on time and gets me in and out quickly.
5 I love Dr Kim! His staff is also amazing and do such a fantastic job. I've been going to Dr Kim for 4 yrs and I have referred at least 3-4 people.  And they are open on saturday! Awesome!
4 Yay! I'm a fan... of the staff and the doctor, but that is as excited as I can get for a dental place. I hate going to the dentist, but this place isn't all too bad. Dr. Kim is very gentle and never makes me feel uncomfortable. I got a teeth cleaning and 2 fillings at this place. He really did a good job on the fillings and I will be going back in 6 months for my next cleaning appointment. I subtracted one star from 5 because I hate dental places, otherwise it would be 5. I know its not fair... but WHAT IS fair in life?;)
2 I had small piece of the veneer of my front teeth shipped, I just moved to North Las Vegas, I not too familiar with the area, since this dental is very close to my place and I had no time in to look for other places in due a meeting I was going to attend, I  decided to call and made a appointment to get it fixed at Dynamic Dental, they made a appointment very quick in the same day, I went there and I was very clear with the assistant in to explain what I need to get done and I asked the price and choices to get it fixed. She said to get a filling with resin was $231.00 and to get a new Veneer only a bargain of: $1265.00!!! And it will take 2 to 4 weeks and need a specialist to make it for the dentist. Of course I opt for the resin, and since I was going to pay in cash they give 10% discount. Anyway, the job didn't take more then 10 min to be done, if you ask me if I'm happy with the service, I will say it didn't worth how much I paid for, the color of the resin don't even match my teeth and I have to ask Doc Kim to make fill it more to look more natural and similar to the format of my teeth. They charged me also a consultation fee, I think it was totally unfair since I got the job done with them and I already said what I need and they didn't even examined my mouth to see if I was going to need more things done... Anyway, I was in a rush and I didn't have time to argue, I end up paying $256.90 in cash for a service I was not happy with. I don't recommend this place and of course they will never see me again. Ripoff!!!
5 I love Dr. Kim and his Staff.  Even I live in henderson, I don't mind to drive all the way back there to see him. It's hard to find a nice and good Dentist. I'm luck to find him. He is always on time and good care the patients.
1 This place sucks!  Hubby came in for a horrible toothache and needed a root canal! The dentist couldn't numb him even after about 4 shots n the guy had the nerve to show frustration as if he was being poked in the mouth!   Long story short he gave us a referral to a specialist for root canal therapy along w instructions to return after for the crown.  Beyond the obvious signs we chose to return and let him finish the job. Quoted one number... Go in get the crown and leave. Hubby gets home and I check him out only to become livid w the work! The "crown" looked like a stick of chalk with a metal plate on the side! I've never seen this before!  The kicker...... I got a second bill in the mail! Psssssh they owe us!! GTFO! I wouldn't advise anyone to let this dr touch them with a 10ft pole
2 The doctor is very friendly, and the assistants as well, but the receptionist is the rudest one I have ever seen at a doctor's office.
5 Dynamic Dental provides superior dental work at a reasonable cost. Dr. Kim is highly skilled and has a terrific chairside manner.  He also has a very customer-oriented staff.   I've been seeing him since 2010 and have no plans to change, even though I moved almost 20 miles away in 2013.
5 Dr. Kim and his staff are the most professional and courteous of any dental office ever I been. I have always been afraid of visiting dentist because of lots of bad experience from other dental office. Dr. Kim fixed all shit works from other dentists. Very reasonable price!! He always listens to patients and takes the time needed for each patient. Always explain what he is doing and why need to do. Never ask and sell what you don't need it. I also heard there is a dental lab inside his office, so all crowns made from his office. Fast and accurate!!! So lucky to find him as my Dentist. Very highly recommends.
5 Friendly staff, clean office, kind and professional dentist are what we as patients look for. This place has them all. What I'm confident about Dr. Kim on top of his professional services and kindness is his HONESTY. I've been to several other dentists and they ALL  tried getting cash out of my pocket with unnecessary procedures but Dr. Kim doesn't.  I highly recommend Dynamic Dental for everyone!
5 Dr. Kim and his staff are the most professional and courteous of any dental office ever I been. I have always been afraid of visiting dentist because of lots of bad experience from other dental office. Dr. Kim fixed all shit works from other dentists. Very reasonable price!! He always listens to patients and takes the time needed for each patient. Always explain what he is doing and why need to do. Never ask and sell what you don't need it. I also heard there is a dental lab inside his office, so all crowns made from his office. Fast and accurate!!! So lucky to find him as my Dentist. Very highly recommends
