3 Just got back from here were I got the Ultra Exterior wash.  There was a little more pressure during the sale than I would have liked, but the overall experience was good.  My car came out looking nice and I was happy with it.  It took a while as when I got there the pipes were frozen so they had to clean the car by hand with a power washer.  I will likely update after going there again.  The cafe was ok, but they loose a star for the coffee which tasted terrible and took them way too long to make.  The gelato is a nice touch in the summer I'm sure.  The 48 hour clean car guarantee is nice too.  It may come in handy with the odd rains we have been getting.
5 My car was in need for a wash. Since I had just moved here, I had no idea where to go. I didn't want to go to a gas station car wash, so I decided to give WashWorks a try after reading their reviews here on Yelp.  I went to their website and decided in advance that "The Basic" wash package ($13.99) was what I wanted. A wash, towel dry and interior vacuum was all I really needed. They do have some interesting packages. The more expensive ones include stuff like tire shine, polish, scents, and even a tire pressure check/refill. Good to know for future visits!  So I drive up, an employee greets me and asks me what kind of wash I would like. As others have already mentioned, he did try to sell me a more expensive wash package. I nicely refused and thankfully he left me alone. He took my antenna off of my car, handed it to me along with a sales slip, and directed me to drive through the machine. After you sit through that, you drive your car around the corner to another area where a different employee will wipe down and vacuum the car. Trent was the guy who helped me and was very nice and friendly. He even pointed out to me that I had 3 chips in my front windshield. Damn, I knew I heard small rocks hitting my window in the past! He explained to me that they could repair that right then and there, it would only take about 5 minutes, and it would cost me nothing if my insurance covered it. Luckily it did! They called my insurance company and I had to talk to them as well, but it only took a few minutes.   Overall, they did a good job! I'll definitely be back when I need another car wash!
4 I was in need of a car wash and since I was on the Southwest side of town I decided to go to Wash Works because I always have the best customer service, plus they do a great job cleaning up my car. I have to admit that my car was looking pretty daymn sexy after!  I got The Basic package which was only $13.99. Included in The Basic, is a wash, towel dry, and interior vacuum. Also, they can fix your window if it has been hit by a rock, that way the crack will not expand.
1 I bought a Groupon to this place because it seemed like a deal, even though it's not near my house.  I'm glad I didn't pay full price for the car wash I got because it was, in one word, shoddy.  The first warning sign should have been the lady ahead of me who got to her car and wasn't satisfied with the finished product on her car: she had the employees going back to clean up things that she noticed.  Me, I don't have time and assumed (wrongly) that my car would be clean.  As soon as I got into my vehicle and drove out of the parking lot, I noticed my windshield was still dirty and so was the dashboard.  My drink holder also still had a used napkin in it, so obviously it was not opened during the inside "cleaning" job.  I feel bad giving any place one star, but not as bad as getting terrible service.
5 I feel like such a dork because I'm super excited about Washworks having a Groupon. I was here last week with my boyfriend to use the first Groupon, which is the Deluxe wash ($19.99). They did a great job, so I came back today because they have a promo; $20 for wax on any wash on Mondays. So here I am, IN washworks yelping about them, haha!  I ended up using the same groupon, the Deluxe wash, and added the wax. It's been a good 20 minutes, but I dont mind because they have these two computers for the customers, and Calizzanos; authentic italian espresso & gelato..  oh brb! my car is finished lol
4 They do a decent job, they're down the street and I like that they have a place to wait inside and out that has a small convenient store so that you're not left to twiddle your thumbs.  The customer service is amazing.
4 Had to get a cleaning before i put my baby into storage. First time here and i intended on getting a good wash but not too detailed because i was pressed for time.  Overall they need more signs and arrow to direct you where to go, once i finally figured it out the entire process was pretty painless and pleased with the results.  For the price i paid its to be expected that they missed a few minor spots.
1 NOT. A. FAN. Have been searching for a place to get my car washed that doesn't cost an arm and a leg and will do a good job - this is not the place to find that. Not only are their prices a little higher than the place I normally go to (PitStop on Tropicana & Fort Apache) but the __________s also tried to scam me on my windshield.   I've experienced this before, so this was not a surprise to me but was an automatic turnoff. My car at the time was only 2 months old and was pristine. After finally deciding on a package (I was only looking to do the outside - they offer both inside and outside services) I pull through the wash, round the corner, and face 3 lanes - with no one directing traffic. One lane is completely open, the other 2 have 2-3 cars lined up. A guy finally motions me over to pull up in the middle lane, behind 2 cars. Remember earlier when I told you I was only having the outside done? RIght. His boss even tells this guy to have me move to the outer empty lane, but this smart guy waves him off. As soon as I step out of my car he's already "looking" at my windshield and asking if i have insurance. I answer 'yes' and he proceeds down the spiel of, "you've got some chips here that we can repair for you and submit to your insurance, blah blah blah.  Trying to be nice, I say, "maybe next time - i've got a lot of errands to run today - I'm actually in a rush". He persists and says it won't take long and I proceed to thank him and still decline.  I go inside with my ticket into what is a very nice waiting area. Table, counters, gift shop, coffee, snacks, and free internet. Little did I know these amenities might have been useful had I known how long my car was going to take. grrrr.  I wait not 10, not 20, not 30 - but 35 minutes for JUST AN OUTSIDE WASH!!!   To me this is excessive. I understand that there are other people ahead of me - which would have been fine if I had been waiting for the same services they were. Everyone else had opted for both inside and outside cleaning. I stood on the outside patio watching as the other cars were attended to, as well as to watch a middle-aged woman in a older bmw get scammed by the windshield man. I also watched as 1 person dried the outside of my car, then a second person, then a third (i think it's dry now!) - and no one motion me over. After the 35 minutes has lapsed I get waved over to my car (which is still behind 2 cars - and is now blocked in on all sides).   A nice deaf gentleman (sorry, another scam?, sorry if i'm cynical at this point) hands me my keys, so now my original intent of stiffing on the tip is foiled. I get into my car and now I have to wait. Remember, car is blocked in! Someone on my left soon leaves, but I now have to back up to exit out of this nightmare of a car wash. Upon backing up I hear a ::crunch::. !*&^%!! I put the car back in park and look to see what I've gotten myself into. Someone had left a spray bottle behind my car. Enough was enough and I high-tailed it out of the hell hole of a car wash.  Quick synopsis: 1) DO NOT go to this car wash. 2) They are windshield/insurance scammers. 3) They have no common sense. 4) They take forever.  I wish I could give them negative stars....
1 Washed my car there for the last time, every time i have been there i have selected premium or the works package and every time i have been told the car was DONE, I have gone around and found spots missed and not cleaned. Rims not done, these guys just want a tip but don't do good work. lazy crew, owner never around to be found, don't know why people still go to the place? HEY OWNER GET SOME PEOPLE THAT TAKE PRIDE IN THE WORK THEY DO, STOP ROBBING PEOPLE. Found a new place on durango Terrible's CAR WASH between trop and peace way, few bucks more but its worth not having to have to point out missed spots every time. Don't waist your time at this car wash!
1 There is only one factor by which to judge a car wash - did they get the car clean?  Sure, other factors do play a small role: such as how much it costs, how quickly it gets done, how close it is to where you are and how friendly the staff is. To be fair, the cost is a personal issue: for some $35 to wash your car is a ridiculous waste, while others may consider it a fair price.   Of course, no matter whether you decide a fair price for a car wash is $35 or $3.50, you know what to expect. And if you decide to spend $35 - well, you expect it to be clean.  So no matter what you think is a fair price for a car wash, I can assure you that Washworks is not the place you want to go.  P.S. the scam about the window chip repair that other reviewers mentioned is real. I saw one attractive young girl looking rather distraught as they called her over to explain it to her insurance company.
1 I almost always wash my own car. But sometimes I get a case of the lazy ass and want to bring it somewhere. Coming here was my punishment for being lazy!  For some reason I've given this place a few chances. They've always failed me. I have always had to wait at the greeting station for minutes for an employee to come and take my wash order. I worked at a car wash while in college and when I worked as the greeter we didn't leave our station. The greeting station is the first place any customer goes, and you should start off their experience correctly. Making a paying customer wait and wait is not a great start.  The wash tunnel is pretty crappy too. It's a slight touch better than what you'd find at a BP station. And for the price you pay here, I'd really expect it to be better. Then you drive your car over to the vacuuming and drying area. I have a Mini Cooper, which is a small car, yet I've had it take them 20 minutes to run the vacuum hose on the front floor boards and the crappily dry the outside.   They're not through either, I've always had spots and missed areas. The most recent visit, the idiot kid used a dirty rag that either had armor all or tire shine on it on my paint, which immediately smudged and looked like shit on my dark exterior. And instead of clean it, he called me over to discover, which immediately lead me to complain about. He just shrugged. Which resulted in my best Soup Nazi impression: "No tip for you!"  I advise you to just wash your car at home or go pump a few tokens into a self service car wash like the one right down the road. They over-charge for under-performance.
1 They clean every well, but my gosh are they slow. I mean, painfully, where the heck is my car are you sure no one took it but no its sitting right there and I think they are working on it but what could possibly take this long while cleaning a car I mean they could have pulled the transmission out and painted it in this time frame but here I still sit and who would be able to sit here in the summer and wait this long. Holy smokes. No, I'll wash it myself next time. I mean I'll wash it and reupholster the entier interior next time.
1 I would never send even my worst enemy here to have their Windows tinted the price was fair over the phone until you got there and some special price is out the window. The job was done quick but horrible I had to take my car back twice to be fix on account of poor attention to detail. I have wasted more time trying to make a tint job look nice then needs be  Advice from the wise stay away from washworks for tint
1 First visit, went despite mediocre Yelp reviews because my car was in dire need of a bath.  Well, should have headed the Yelp collective and gone elsewhere.    I paid for the premium service and received something that you might expect from a group of high school kids raising money for a field trip with a corner car wash.  Streaks on almost every window, missed spots on the exterior and you'd think I was committing a war crime when i asked for these errors to be rectified.  On top of it all the service literally took 60 minutes and there weren't that busy.  Finally left with a car that ok clean, not great clean.  Do yourself a favor and drive right by this car wash instead of stoping.
1 I had been going to washworks semi regularly and it was ok. Not great, but close to my house and I don't have time to clean my car myself. Last time I went they STOLE THE QUARTERS OUT OF MY CAR!?!?! Seriously, I had $2 in quarters for my coffee, drove away to get the coffee and realized they were gone. I never went back because I did not want to deal with the confrontation, but really stealing my change?? How freaking ghetto! Of course I tipped $5, as I always do, so I guess that day they got a $7 tip. Needless to say, I will never go back
1 i used to go here all the time because they washed my car relatively quickly and it was close to my house.  I just went again and felt like the whole place had changed management? first of all the guy said i had a chip in my wind shield and he can get it fixed via my insurance at no cost.  I was thinking "hmm" but he said it happens all the time and this is vegas with fluctuating temperatures so i think "OK"...after it was fixed i could still see the chips! (also they didn't wipe the car very carefully so actually there were a lot of spots) i talked to him again and he said something about how the resin is not holding together the chip?  I had cracks filled in before and it never left a trace.  UGH.  I should have been smarter about this but it was a long day and I just couldn't deal with it.  and mean while this weird guy was like, "we will make sure you leave here happy because you're a lady!" and kept wiping all my windows again.  I'm never going back here, i hope the windshield is OK and won't have problems later, I'll probably take it to the dealership to get it looked at. UGH  DO  NOT  GO  HERE !!!!
1 This place is now called Sparkle Car Wash... and sparkle it does not!  I just spent $90 as it's $45 to have your seats shampooed and $45 for the carpets (which nicely enough includes the price to have the outside washed, lol)... when usually I can get a complete detail for $110.  They call me to tell me my car is ready and they didn't even touch the carpets, I opened my trunk to find they hadn't even vacuumed!  So after explaining to the guy who told me I was only marked to have the seats shampooed and the inside cleaned I'm sorry but $90 better cover a lot more than that... I then left and came back again to the back still not being shampooed and bug guts still all over my car.  I pointed the rest of the spots out and was so over waiting that I didn't even bother to have them get the rest of the bug guts off of my windshield.  Needless to say I will not be going to this location again.
2 This washworks is now called Sparkle. I came because I received a coupon in Val Pak for the early bird special. I think it was $6 off between 8-10AM. Got there at 9:30 after a soccer game and they took FOREVER!! I think we were there for 45 minutes - an hour and there weren't even that many people there!! They did a good job vacuuming the car, but when I asked the guy to wipe down my door some more, he said I needed to buy the deep cleaning package to do that. Lol. He did it, since he probably knew he wouldn't be getting a tip with that response, but I could certainly feel the love. The package I got is normally $19 or something which is equivalent to the VIP at their competitor. Their car freshener was a spray so the scent went away very quickly.   The waiting area inside was decent. They had Easter coloring pages for kids which was nice along with free computers to use while waiting, but seriously, two kids in a waiting room for almost an hour is not cool regardless of what they have. I would come back if I had a coupon and nobody in front of me, but on a side by side comparison, I'd rather go to their competitor.
2 I went with my dad to get his car washed, we payed and went through the wash and waited for someone to hand clean the car.  After 1 hr, we got up told them to give us our keys and we're leaving. They were SO slow.  They told us to use our receipt and come back another day for a free wash and apologized.  I came back a week later when they weren't busy and had my car washed instead. They did a fine job and it was much faster.    Over all though they are still slow, and do not have enough help to hand wash cars.  They are also way over priced.
1 I went for my car wash today. Paid almost 30 dollars to have my carpet shampoo. The carpet still come out looking disgusting, could've done it myself at home?? When I asked them to wiped the dirty spots on my car, one guy keep telling me that it's was a scratch. So I scratch the dirt off with my fingernail to show them...  When I drove off, I noticed that my dashboard my front passenger side was polished but everything else???? There still dirt in my middle console and my steering wheel is still pretty much dirty. So I have to clean them all over again myself when I got home..
3 Despite the reviews about long waits and lousy jobs, I did not have the same experience early morning Saturday. I only got the basic wash $15 (which include vacuum, inside wipe down), took 1/2 hour altogether, and they did a decent job. They literally have a Gelato/coffee set up inside, freakin fancy as hell, So no complaints here!
5 Well even with the so-so reviews and stars, my friend and I decided to get her car washed. Though the gentlemen we had started with seemed to be impatient and unhappy being there it did not change my opinion on the place itself.  The job was done at a decent pace and it was fantastic! I hope they can keep the business up and possibly work on their customer service but other than that it was great.
3 An ok place to get the car cleaned. I find that they lack attention to detail that makes other car washes better.
5 Every time I get my car washed at this please I get excellent customer service . They are not as busy as Freddy's so they do a way better job. Managers are always very nice , they are always asking about my car wash experience . This place always has specials . I wish this place would be  more closer to my house , I would wash my car there all the time. Keep it up guys. Keep focusing on customers satisfaction. Everyone is tiered from Freddy's , and it's horrible customer service . Good luck !
1 Horrible experience.  Waited over an hour while my car sat with nobody working on it.  Asked to speak to manager and nobody did a thing to speed things up.  Won't waste my time or money here again.
1 I would never recommend going here. Such a lack of attention to details. I got the most expensive package where they clean everything. The inside part of the doors on the passengers side was not even wiped. The rear view windows were barely wiped. There are still smudges and rain marks. If I'm buying the most expensive package I'm expecting an impeccable wash - not one that is equivalent to a basic wash.
3 They did a great job detailing my car, but it took waaaaaay too long for me. Although they have a nice sitting area outside and a little cafe inside to keep you occupied, it's tough to sit around for two hours. I can't deny that I really, really loved how my car looked when it was finished, but I will probably look elsewhere next time I get my car cleaned.   Also, prices are not set in stone. When you pull up to the guy at the stand, ask for a deal. Worked for me!
4 Not sure why this place got such a bad review. I've been going here for about four years and I've only had one bad experience. My one bad experience was when it took way too long for them to complete the job and I had to leave to pick up my daughter. The manager let me come back for a free car wash the next time. I went again today for my free wash after it rained I love that they do that.
1 This car wash is possibly the slowest ever! I was sitting here alone as the only customer. They took 45 minutes to clean my car! There were still water spots on my car and my back doors were not even wiped down inside! They barely vacuumed my carpets and my center console was dusty and dirty! I have two small kids so my car is a mess. Pictures attached of their horrible job. I'm highly disappointed because I paid for the premium wash ($34) and had to go home and finish their piss-poor job! I have had good washes from here but most bad then good.
2 I've come here about 5 times in the last month and have had a perfect experience each time, until today. And I hate that I waited until a piss poor experience to write a review because like I said, every other time was excellent.  They have a virtual punch card system using your phone number. And like I said, I've been here at least 5 times since I bought my car mid-april (yes I'm obsessed with it being clean). Our virtual punch card was created months ago under my boyfriend's phone number, so I use it for myself as well. Today, they couldn't find it... I tried every other number I've had and nothing, not even by name.. o_O Anyways, the girl behind the counter made me sign up for another account and weakly explained that in the future if they find our previous account then they'll combine them. What? Made absolutely no sense so whatever I just want to pay, I know that I'll come here enough to make up for the "lost punches".   After waiting over an hour, watching my car start to be vacuumed and then ignored and then start again and then ignored (multi-tasking?) I finally get my car. The russian sounding guy gives me my keys and asks how it looks, I'm pretty patient but I wanted to get home so I said it was good and handed him a tip. I made him wipe up some coffee that was on the center console, should have been a warning to me that I should probably look a little harder. Once I get home, I start looking around and there's still dog hair in my car! They didn't move my carpets to vacuum so there was still hair underneath them, and they didn't wipe down the inside... I walked around my car and they didn't wipe down the water drops on the back of the trunk and there were hand prints all over the bumper.  I'm so disappointed because they usually do an amazing job, it usually doesn't take too long and they're right down the street.   I will most likely come back at least 1 more time hoping that this was just an off day for them. I really really hope they get it together.
5 Okay so I went back and spoke with the manager, I let him know what happened and he actually seemed pretty concerned. I like that he was annoyed because it shows he cares. He was annoyed because he wasn't there when I got such shitty service so he wanted to know exactly who did what and why.  As for the punch card issue, the girl that rang me up was new so I guess she didn't really know how to look up my phone number because he found it right away and like she said, he linked my new account with our old one.   To top it off he gave me a free upgraded car wash, good for 1 use anytime. I'm really really happy with this place, this was definitely 1 of my loyalty tests, how well you handle complaints says so much about you, your business, your policies etc.
5 I've been here a few times and every time my cars look sharp!! Very friendly staff too! They have free internet and tables to sit while u wait.
4 Don't know why the low rating. They did a really nice job for 20 bucks. It would be cheaper if I lived here and bought a book of tickets.  Machine wash and hand dry and finished. Nice people working here.  They have 12 flavors of gelato if your in the mood.  Free wifi.  I would definitely use them again.
5 Only get the basic car wash but they always get us through quickly and my SUV is always sparkling when they are finished with it. The prices are more than reasonable and the staff is always friendly.
1 Terrible customer service. Waited about an hour just to get a normal car wash I don't understand. There is no reason a car wash to take that just just to be normal. Didn't even clean the inside good
