5 Belleza Wedding Chapel is wonderful!  The experience exceeded our expectations. My husband and I had a last minute wedding. I called the chapel on a Tuesday to set up a Saturday evening wedding. Linda took care of everything.   The photographer was a hoot and so talented. No one has ever made me look so beautiful in photos.   I would recommend this chapel to everyone. They can fit any budget and have packages starting for as little as $99 dollars.
2 DON'T DO IT --- Go to the CASINO CHAPELS. We planned our wedding months in advance. We decided on a middle -of- the-road package. We live outside of Vegas so went solely based off the web. The location is in a BAD area of north Vegas ! The chapel was 90% parking lot & belonging to others so our guests had to park away from the chapel & wait for the previous couples guests to leave b4 being able to cram into the chapel's tiny lot.   PICTURES WERE NOT ALLOWED AT ALL - this is how they Make THEIR MONEY. They Rushed US and our guests said the staff was Rude. Guests had to WAIT OUTSIDE in the Vegas Heat cuz the Chapel is so Small & they don't accommodate a seating area for guests. Our Guests said staff made them feel like they were an inconvenience to them on what should be a Special Occasion.   Days after, I realized they did NOT give me several items from my package - Cake, Garter . The Photo Package is how they make their $$ - they do a good job with photos tho'. I RECOMMEND the Casino Wedding Chapels for anyone getting married. Been to one at Treasure Island ~ ~ ~ the guests were in A/C and the wedding couple said they felt like they were the only ones getting married - not rushed; not the "Next, next" feeling like these type chapels where it is NOT ABOUT YOUR SPECIAL DAY ................... IT'S ALL ABOUT THE MONEY TO THEM !!!
1 DON'T DO IT !!   See my previous review ----- Run to a Casino Chapel and do it there !!  The staff here was rude to my guests, made me feel rushed, didn't deliver everything they promised in the package I paid for.    NO PHOTOS allowed WHAT SO EVER - a wedding I went to at Treasure Island allowed guests to take Photos and Video of the Special Event.   These guys have to figure out a way to squeeze every dime out of you so they have some lynch man running around the parking lot telling you No Photos !!  Read the Sign !!    He was not the only rude member -- Did I mention our guests had to wait in the Parking Lot in the Vegas till we were "Next".     Just go to the Casino Wedding Chapels !!   You'll Be Glad You Did.   Learn from MY MISTAKE !!
3 The second reviewer is right though. It is small. Not the place to go for a big wedding. It was perfect for me and my husband. We basically eloped but my mother inlaw and sister inlaw surprised us and attended the wedding. It was perfect.   They also do not allow photos in the chappel but wouldn't u want professional photos anyway?   Oh they did mess up my online video. It wasn't posted and the live video feed didn't work. We told everyone who couldn't make it they could watch it live but the feed did not work. It took over a month before they were able to figure out who we were and post the right video on the website.
2 Where to begin?   My hubby and I were going to get married on 11/11/11, but after trying to plan it and not being able to find a venue, we decided to just elope on Valentine's day and be the first couple in Vegas married on that legendary wedding day.  My husband's birth mom was getting m,arried at this chapel i a few months and referred us, and while they were very accomidating in coming in at 11pm and staying til' 1am, I was disappointed with a few things.   First, the chapel is quite lovely. we looked at other chapels all day before the wedding and they made me want to take a rape shower with a brillo pad afterwards. Belleza has a lovely and clean chapel and dressing room.    I knew we werent allowed to take photos or video, that was fine. My issue was with the photos they took. I am heavy set and asked the photographer to please shoot me at certain angles and be minful of my weight and face angles. he assured me he would, however he had an absessed tooth that night and the camera was often crooked.   i asked for a civil service, nothing religious. the minister was pissed. I asked for vows that were "short and sweet and void of any religeous wording." he said I could have short or sweet, not both. witjough the mention of god I apparently left him with nothing to say.   after it was all done, MY ENTIRE party andb guests are pulled in a room to look at my pics. I was appalled and cried. i looked so bloated and he didnt listen to a damned thing i said. i cried and cried and asked them to be taken off the screen so i could try to choose my photos in private later.   the next day Kay said she felt really bad so she was going to "cut me a deal" on the photos so taht I could take them all to get retouched. I paid the extra money and walked away...   Momths later my husbands moether tells me that Kay slipped her a copy of my wedding photos for FREE on here wedding day and that I wasnt supposed to know. I FLIPPED out. I HATED those photos and was so pissed. I asked for a refund on the extra $300  had to pay for shitty pics and an appology and got neither.  NEVE GO HERE!!!!!! go to a casino chapel...
2 Where to begin?   My hubby and I were going to get married on 11/11/11, but after trying to plan it and not being able to find a venue, we decided to just elope on Valentine's day and be the first couple in Vegas married on that legendary wedding day.  My husband's birth mom was getting married at this chapel in a few months and referred us, and while they were very accomidating in coming in at 11pm and staying til' 1am, I was disappointed with a few things.   First, the chapel is quite lovely. we looked at other chapels all day before the wedding and they made me want to take a rape shower with a brillo pad afterwards. Belleza has a lovely and clean chapel and dressing room.    I knew we werent allowed to take photos or video, that was fine. My issue was with the photos they took. I am heavy set and asked the photographer to please shoot me at certain angles and be minful of my weight and face angles. he assured me he would, however he had an absessed tooth that night and the camera was often crooked.   i asked for a civil service, nothing religious. the minister was pissed. I asked for vows that were "short and sweet and void of any religeous wording." he said I could have short or sweet, not both. without the mention of god I apparently left him with nothing to say.   after it was all done, MY ENTIRE party and guests are pulled in a room to look at my pics. I was appalled and cried. i looked so bloated and he didnt listen to a damned thing i said. i cried and cried and asked them to be taken off the screen so i could try to choose my photos, in private later.   the next day Kay said she felt really bad so she was going to "cut me a deal" on the photos so that I could take them all to get retouched. I paid the extra money and walked away...  Months later my husband's mother tells me that Kay slipped her a copy of my wedding photos for FREE on her wedding day and that I wasnt supposed to know. I FLIPPED out. I HATED those photos and was so pissed. I asked for a refund on the extra $300  had to pay for shitty pics and an appology and got neither.  NEVER GO HERE!!!!!! go to a casino chapel...
5 I loved this place.  I wanted a classy looking place for nice pictures and saw the pictures on the internet and it looked exactally like I wanted.  We planned our wedding in 2 days and everyone was very helpful. The minister was the best and the photographer did a really nice job.  We also were very impressed with the host, he made the guys feel so at ease while I was in the brides room, it was very helpful.
4 I am updating this review. I understand this place is under new ownership which i am very happy to hear about. Had an aweful experience a few years back but am glad to hear about the new ownership and dont want my lenghty review of my experience to hinder the new owners here. Best of luck.
5 We were married on 10/24/2012. We found the staff very accommodating and friendly. The staff were very personal and made sure we were comfortable and explained to us what to expect as far as the ceremony. We especially thought and enjoyed the preacher who made sure that the kind of and style of the wedding were met.      We would for sure recommend this chapel to anyone.       Thanks again for a great experience
5 The small chapel with the BIG feel.  What a wonderful experience. Stevevaughn and Kay were amazing! the photographer and minister were wonderful at what they did. Thank you so much for giving my daughter and her new husband and our whole family and experience that we will never forget!!!
