5 This is one of my mommy groups playdate stops. It is a great little gem hidden away in a strip mall in Henderson. There are 2 rooms, one is for the scheduled classes the other is filled with toys the kids can play with before/after a class. The guy in charge is very nice and makes sure to show the kids a good time. My little Ryder loves the bubbles at the end of the playdate. I recommend this place to anyone...its really nice to have a place indoors during the brutal summers here in Vegas. They also do birthday parties, which I think would be alot of fun for the kiddos.
5 Great for little ones. Very clean. Super nice owner. We used to go a lot, however once my son turned 3 he was bored. Great when they are about 7 months to 2.5
5 By far one of the best places for a well organized and clean indoor activity.  My son is finally getting a consistent and meaningful group interaction.  I highly recommend taking your child before they start attending school or independent group activities.  My son is opening up socially in the best environment.  During break I see the owner/workers actively cleaning and sanitizing the play area.  Rules are strictly enforced in a kind and gentle manner.  Kids outside of the age hour age range sit outside so you don't have worry about older kids, if your child is just starting out.
5 We love this place and have signed up as regulars!  My son was outgrowing Gymboree Play & Music at about 18 months so myself and a few other moms switched our kids to this place and we love it.  It is more one on one with Mr. John.  He's great with the kids and still deals with us crazy parents very well.  I love the fact that my kid can have a blast and I actually enjoy all his songs and music too!  Overall a great place to bring the kids.  Unlimited classes is also a great feature.  This place is SUPER clean too!  The staff is great and we look forward to having our sons birthday party here as well...
5 My son Noah (age 2) had a better time here than at the other play places around town. The music and activities are great! We'll be back!
