4 I like it when people ask me where I live....."I stay at the Coronado Bay Club" it makes seem like I'm fancy.  I've lived here for more than two years, in two different units and I love it. These luxury apartments have all your standard amenities; pool, gas grills, gym, etc. It's just a lot nicer than most. Apartment living can be tough but at least here it doesn't feel like you're in the projects The buildings and landscaping are aesthetically pleasing...... I guess the palm trees and waterfalls help with that. Yes, we're living in the lap of luxury for a more than an affordable price. Just my style too, champagne taste on a beer budget. Only bad thing I have to say about this place is the walls are thin. Sorry neighbors jk lol ;)
4 I miss these apartments soooo bad :(  I lived here from March 2008 until August 2009, I had a 2BD/2BA on the 2nd floor, and they are really beautiful newer apartments!! I like how there are only 4 units to each building, its more like fancy condos than apartments! The complex is more like a resort too, with a clubhouse and big screen TV, 3 swimming pools, a heated hot tub, gated community with garages (but I chose not to buy one), spacious and modern layouts, up to 3 bedrooms, fireplaces, new and modern design inside including washer and dryer!  I also really like the location in SouthWest Las Vegas, about 15 minutes away from the Strip but far enough away from all the madness lol :) I made the big move to Los Angeles summer 09' and it really made me appreciate Las Vegas living..A place like Coronado would run at least 4k a month in L.A, and I was only paying $1050.. If you are considering moving to Vegas, I definitely recommend you take a look at these :)
2 Clean place to live and well kept, however you will have nothing but problems with the company and people that run this place. They are just out to rip people off.  1. I always paid my rent two weeks ahead of time and they threatened to evict me for not paying and when I showed them my proof of payment they were upset at me for their mistake.  2. Didn't get my deposit back because they said my carpets weren't cleaned when I had a free carpet cleaning for being a casino employee. (Be aware I know about 5 people whom had the same problem and our carpets weren't dirty upon move out).  3.The handle on my toilet broke once and it took calling them EVERYDAY and 5 days for them to fix it. And I know they weren't busy because all of the maintenance staff did was sat on their asses in the garage next to my apartment. 4. Don't get to know any of the office staff because they change almost weekly. The assistant manager that I dealt with upon moving out mismanaged her paperwork so when I called to find out where my deposit was...no one in the office knew anything about it or had heard of her (only 3 weeks later).   I had a one bedroom apartment and with a garage and one small pet paid $1005 a month. I pay this much for my house I currently live in and it's a lot bigger. Plus it wasn't worth it for all the shit you have to deal with there.
1 love the apartment hate the fucken patrol car that fucked up my window with a damn sticker motherfuckers cant leave a good person alone, just got divorced lost practically everything and here comes mr ashleys tow truck company picking up inocent peoples cars not only that they do it at midnight when your ass is in bed so to coronado bay i say you guys are shady as fuck i pay your rent on time all the time never have i been late but the fact you guys have this patrol car roaming around and doing this fucked up shit is fucked up me as i resident i am very loyal to u huys but the fact that i cant come out with 769.00 dollars to pay my tags amd on top try to tow my car and get charged 350 on top of that is some shady  stuff to do to ur residents  you guys should leave notice on our window shields on printed paper not a  bright orange sticker that when u remove it messes up ur window (yes it peeled off very ugly and i have pics to prove it) so get ready because i have plenty of void stickers i can post all over your windows and see how u guys like it
