4 I got my hair cut by a woman named Fifi. That's fucking awesome!  She was friendly, cut my hair exactly how I wanted it to be cut, got me in and out quickly (insert sex joke here).   She didn't speak great english, but who cares? I got my haircut, it cost me $21 with tip, I went home a happy boy.
4 Great Haircut and Great service. I love the FREE neck hair trims in between cuts... And being able to watch the latest sports on ESPN was great too!!
1 Wish I could have gotten a haircut. After spending 5 minutes waiting to talk to somebody,  they finally acknowledged my existence.  She had me put my name on a list and told her I had a limited time.  I asked how long it would be.  She said 10 minutes.  They kept taking everyone below me on the list except me until almost an hour later I finally had to leave. It's like nobody is in charge and everyone does their own thing.  It wasn't even that busy and there were 4 people cutting hair.  Part of the problem is there are walls between the lobby and the hair cutting area so they can't see who's in the lobby. They didn't even say sorry when I told them.  Not only that they had my eMail and I got nothing from them.  Not cool.  I get my hair cut every 4 weeks, but apparently they don't want my family's business. If I had to describe this place I would have to call it inattentive and uncaring.
5 Really good peeps. Everyone is personable. I don't have a regular. I usually do walk in and take first available. The Tea Tree shampoo makes the experience.
1 Normally they do a great job but lately they have been under staffed and take a long time to get anything done. I know that this is a franchised business and I think the owner may need to get involved. I don't think I should have to wait 45min on a slow Monday morning. HIRE MORE PEOPLE!
2 I've been going here since moving to Vegas and here are my thoughts.  Like most barber shops/hair salons, you have to pick the right time to go if you want to avoid a long wait.  Even when waiting a longer than usual, the staff here has always been friendly and efficient.   I've always at least gotten a decent haircut, with a few less than stellar jobs here and there, but in general most of the stylists do a good job.  My son got his first haircut there and they were great with him and made his experience comfortable and fun. I would rate this place higher except it's the price that is a stickler point for me.  They're up to 19 bucks for a haircut now and that's expensive for what they offer. The price has gone up fairly consistently over the past 2 years or so and while I understand it's a business, at the same time they are pricing themselves out of their core market.  The hair place across the street offers the exact same service at almost half the price.  This also affects the employees there as if the price is high, than there is less money free for tips, which is their bread and butter. This Sports Clips isn't bad, but it may be time to look elsewhere for a more cost effective solution.
5 Consistent service gives this place a 5 star rating improvement! My original review is still accurate and after coming her for years the staff is always helpful and ready to provide a consistent haircut.
5 Jen is amazing, everyone should go to her. She is friendly and cuts great hair. She has been cutting mine for the last 1-2 years, and I never have an issue. Too bad she is a RAIDERS fan. She also cuts my sons hair which always turns out excellent. I just wish she would change her days off to better suite my schedule, I'm off almost the same days she is.... Lol
4 I have been going here for years. I have always been treated well. The haircuts are good and I love the extra service. It,s nice to catch up on the sports going on while getting a hair cut and the girls seem to actually like talking teams and events. I was surprised to hear they go as a group to local Hockey games. That was worth an extra star. Keep up the good work gals.
1 Waited for 45 minutes for my husband to get his hair cut because he was skipped. When we asked if he was next they said he had one person in front of him when the only other person in the place came in after us. There were five people working and only one cutting hair. The rest stood up at the register. They said it was cause they couldn't figure out their new system. I don't see how it took 4 people to figure it out. We just left. Lost our business.
