4 There is very little to complain about regarding this Taco Bell. It is what it is: Taco Bell. Prices are right where they should be, employees seem trained, apparently motivated, reasonably proficient. Once in a while something silly happens like my total comes to $4.95 and I hand the cashier a ten dollar bill and get back $4.95 in change.  Big on politeness and giving receipts! A predictably good Taco Bell experience most every time.
4 I wish I didn't love Taco Bell but I do. This is my go to TB. I would give it 5 stars as I have never had a problem here and I go there alot!!! but can't give a taco bell 5 stars.
4 It's pretty difficult to review fast food chain restaurants.  Everyone knows what to expect anyways.  Thus, I think 95% of them would just get a 3 star rating from me.  This location is a bit cleaner than most.  I've never had to do the grab a napkin and do the table wipedown myself.  Sometimes when places get busy the tables go uncleared for a while and you have to wipe them yourself.  This location gets a little busy during lunchtime but they handle it real well.  Additionally there is an employee who works at the register (Chelsea) that is always just super friendly and happy.  She's there most weekdays.  As with most taco bell's the food is prepared really fast.  Sometimes I won't even bother sitting down because I know they'll call my number as soon as I do sit.  edit: I have a new crush.  The original Chelsea isn't there anymore, but there is a new girl also named Chelsea.  She's got pink hair with streaks of blue.  She reminds me of Princess Cadence from My Little Pony.  She's my destiny.
3 This location seems to close earlier than the sign says on the front door on Sundays. It says 1 am but by 1230am its closed up. Why???
3 You get what is expected.  Cheap wanna be mexican food.  I basically go to Taco bell because I can eat for less than 6 bucks.  I do love the Mexican Pizza though and nobody else currently sells anything like it that I know of in fast food.
1 Every time I go to this location my order is wrong. Every time!  Check your order before you pull out.
1 i travel a lot and when i go to taco bell, i order the double decker.  in bullhead city and kingman  az. they have more stuff in them.  the franchise owner in las vegas will not offer ice tea b ut forces you to drink sugary fountain beverages  last week while in mesquite i went to a del taco and had their chicken burrito and had an ice tea.  it was excellent  so long taco bell until you get your act together and stop ruining a fine nation-wide product.  i called taco bell h q and got lip service    so try del taco  much better quality and quantity for a buck more
1 This place sucks. The fat girl Working drive through at night I think she might even be the manager suck. My orders 9 outta 10 times are wrong. Mind you I usually just order a cheese quesadilla I'm Not sure how exactly you can mess those up. I order chips with cheese sauce & I never get my cheese. I get a lot of items with no sauce. They always forget and mess up my food. That place effing sucks.
3 I mean they make the food just fine, it's just the small things that dock them 2 stars. Waiting twenty minutes for three chalupas isn't acceptable. And going to the sauce box to find one mild sauce isn't too.   The place isn't hard to find, its on the corner of windmill and vista palms, inside the vons plaza. You'll usually find teens just killing time there. Overall though the place is pretty clean. If they manage to keep the sauce box full on my next visit I'll bump it up a star.
3 Great place for a quick bite, idk if it's healthier than any other fast food places. I love the simple bean burrito with green sauce no onions add sour cream and extra cheese is my favorite. and don't for get the hot sauce.
2 I stopped by to grab a bite to eat on my lunch break.... I ordered one of the new shredded chicken quesaritos (which I do have to say are quite tasty!) and a soft taco with NO LETTUCE..... needless to say when the receipt clearly says "no lettuce" you get it anyways! I get that this is a simple mistake, but the point is that it is a simple mistake, just don't put the lettuce on- not that special of an order!  Unfortunately I used the drive thru, so I was unable to go into the restaurant to get the mistake cleared up immediately, so the taco was donated to the trash bin at my office.
