4 We hired them for carpet cleaning in our condo, and they did a fabulous job! Very thorough, friendly owner and staff, and we could really see a BIG improvement after they finished. This was the 2nd time we have used their service, and even after it being almost 2 years since the last cleaning (Ummm, we've been busy), they honored the same price they had charged us previously.  Very coolio!  Highly recommended for their carpet cleaning service. They even offer satisfaction guaranteed!  You don't see those 2 words together very often anymore.  AAA+++
5 Very large house, two kids and dog. No wet cleaning in 8 years.  Saw favorable reviews on other sites and called.  No pressure sales or up sales. They do more than clean carpet--I had tile cleaned and wrinkles taken out of carpet.   They were out in two days.  Not sure if I can say any names but the gentleman that took my info over the phone was very descriptive and told me what to expect and was courteous. The two gentlemen that came to do the cleaning were very courteous with no on the spot up sales. They worked very hard and continuously. Really an amazing job. I will use them again and will recommend to anyone.  Prices are very reasonable and you know what it is before they come over. Trustworthy.
5 They do a great job!  On  time and very professional.  Would recommend and use again.
5 We had them clean our carpet when we moved out of our house: They got gum and fingernail polish out of the carpet! (they cut it and did some magic tricks but you never would have known!).  They were on time, came on a Sunday, and went above and beyond to do a great job.  They were less expensive than the more well-known chains.  I wouldn't use anyone else...if we still lived in Vegas. Highly recommend!
5 I recently had J2 clean my carpet and two couches.  When I called I told them exactly what I wanted and they didn't try to upsell me on anything.  The price they quoted was the final price and was very reasonable.  They were able to schedule me within just a few days and the guys that came out to clean we're very friendly and professional.  They called ahead to let me know exactly when they would arrive and they took their time and did a great job.  Very pleased with my experience.
5 This is a little late but I had a wonderful experience. They were very professional over the phone & in person. We had our tiles & carpets cleaned. They were in horrid condition prior to the cleaning & I was very surprised at what they were able to do for us! I'd certainly use them again & would recommend them in a heartbeat. They saved our butts in helping us retain our security deposit from our landlord. Thanks!!
5 Awesome!  They actually clean the carpet, as opposed to just hiding the dirt in dampness.  I had a stain on my carpet that neither the the generic bargain cleaner nor ZeroRez could remove.  I was convinced the only way to remove the stain was to replace the carpet.  These guys got it out!!!  Traffic patterns?  Gone!  Amazing job!!!!!  I will definitely be using them again!
5 Tried this company today for the 1st time as a result of reading these reviews.  I must say they did an excellent job!  Not only did they wear the little booties on their feet, they put the furniture up on little tiny blocks.  The also didnt just only spray staines, but scuubbed them and all the dog stains we had are now gone..I will be making them my carpet company now...
5 I would definitely recommend this company. I spoke to one of the owners Jeff to schedule an appointment. He was very thorough when I asked him about the services included with a carpet shampoo.  The technicians Mike and Omar were on time, professional,  listened to my areas of concern, and guaranteed their work. They followed up with me the next day to ensure I was satisfied. Thanks guys! And I will be referring J2 Cleaning to all friends and family.
5 I live out of state and had to have my carpets cleaned in a rental that I was putting up for sale.  These guys called me back promptly and went through every thing they do.  I booked them and had to go sight unseen, but my realtor said my carpets (which the renters left in poor shape) looked great, and the house was sold the first day it was listed.  I'd highly recommend them.  And their pricing is very competitive.
5 Great job cleaning my carpet! Thank you!
5 I co-signed a condo for my daughter. She moved out but after 2 yrs of living in the condo, the carpet was a complete mess! Aparently, any drink and food spilled were never properly picked up or cleaned on the spot, so the carpet were mostly black from the food/drink stains, and maybe some pet urine/feces (I've uploaded a "before" pic).  I was afraid the carpet was beyond salvagable but decided to try a carpet cleaning company anyway.  Initially, I called Stanley Steemer to clean my carpet. Those guys showed up with their equipment, went inside, took a look at the carpet for a second, and walked straight out back to their van. They informed me that there was no way they can clean my carpet under those filthy conditions.  I was highly upset and left a nasty message to their HQ (I will leave them a nasty rating in Yelp after I write this one for unprofessionalism).  I had to try another company, so I quickly searched the internet and found J2 Cleaning with great reviews and decided to give them a try. And boy, I'm so glad I did. I talked to Jeff over the phone and gave him a heads up of how stained my carpet was.  He said, no problem, and that they will do their best.  The crew of two came on time the following morning, went in, and tackled the problem...without judgement or complaint! Because my carpet was heavily soiled, it took the crew about 2 hrs to clean a 2-bedroom condo, with a living room/dining room combo. They buffed and steam-cleaned the carpet and after going through the carpet 3 times (yes, my carpet was THAT bad), I was amazed to see that most of the stains were gone (see my "after" picture).  Considering how bad my carpet really was (think a hoarder carpet), my initial expectation was just to have a half decent carpet so the landlord/owner won't charge me too much for "damage".  As it turned out, the carpet was actually salvaged from 2 years of abuse!  Where one company (Stanley Steemer) easily gave up on me and told me my carpet was hopeless, another company (J2) delivered and did and outstanding job!!  I couldnt have asked for anything more and it was beyond my expectations.  On top of this, J2 charged me less than Stanley Steemer!  I will definitely use J2 Cleaning again and highly recommend them to anyone who needs their carpet/floors/tiles cleaned. Outstanding from beginning to end!!  ...I'm still smiling...
5 This company is wonderful. They are courteous and professional and their service is excellent..but mostly they do the best job of all! We have had them over a few times to clean carpets in our home....they were here today and my carpeting looks like new!  There's no one better in town.  J2 is very reasonable and does a superb job in a timely fashion.  They are absolutely the best!  AAAA++++!  Rave review!
5 I just had J2 Cleaning of Las Vegas come over to clean a friend's carpet and they did an outstanding job! Both of his employee's were very kind and helpful, putting more than 100% into preparing the carpet which was extremely stained. After the first cleaning, they went back a second time to do everything they could to get the soiled spots out. I would highly recommend them to any business or residenttial owner if you want someone who takes pride in their work and still places customer satisfaction first!  Special thanks to Jeff, the owner, as he was very kind and helpful when I called to make an appointment. He has trained his employee's to give great customer service, something that has become a lost art these days. His professional example has been passed on which made me appreciate his company even more.
5 I had J2 clean my carpeting and a sectional couch a week ago and was impressed with their professionalism, customer service, and best of all - ability to get everything very clean. Today I had them return for another couch and the bedroom carpet - different guys, just as polite and intent on doing a good job. My house looks amazing! I've had others in the past - J2 is heads and shoulders above the competition!
5 My landlord was coming to inspect our house so I wanted to make sure everything was perfect! Thanks to yelp I found J2 cleaners to help make my carpets look how I wanted... Perfect! Their pricing seemed very reasonable and they were in and out in no time and my carpet was stain and odor free! The man who answers the phone was very polite every time I called and even when he had to call me back because I accidentally gave them the wrong credit card number! When the guys left they told me they even do cars, upholstery and grout, which is a huge plus for me as a I have a puppy that loves to shed and drool so next time I'll just have them do it all in one day to save me some time. Definitely recommend J2!
5 Quote to Finish - Great Job Jeff, Mike and Charles !  I'm getting ready for move out soon and needed the carpets professionally cleaned. Started searching yelp + google reviews and stumbled across J2. I can tell you reviews are accurate, service and results are great. Bypass the cheap, quickie carpet cleaners, spend a little extra and call these guys. Happy New Year J2
5 I have nothing but praise for this company!  The technicians were friendly, on time, professional, and did an amazing job cleaning the carpet and a sofa in my home.  Their rates are more than reasonable and their results are outstanding.  I would not hesitate to recommend J2 Cleaning and will definitely use them in the future!
5 Best carpet cleaner I have ever used, they did an outstanding job, above outstanding if there is such a thing!  Very nice staff and cleaners, will use again and again!
5 I had J2 come out to a rental property that I was leaving. The carpets were pretty bad when we moved in and we had them professionally cleaned, which didn't make a difference. J2 came out yesterday and the carpets look brand new! I couldn't believe it. I wish I would have went with them a year ago! Charles was very nice & helpful. You won't disappointed! They have great customer service.
5 Amazing job! This company had their work cut out for them since I had a puppy when I moved in! Now that she is potty trained I wanted to get the carpets cleaned! They came right in and within 1 hour they had my carpet looking like I had never even lived in my place! Charles was the gentlemen who has done both of my places now both times I have used this company and he is always so friendly and efficient! I will definitely always turn to J2 Cleaners for my carpet cleaning needs!
5 They were awesome!  I called on a Tuesday and they said they could come out Wednesday afternoon.  Perfect timing.  Have not had our carpets cleaned in a couple of years so they were very dirty.  The J2 guys came through with flying colors.  The carpet feels as soft now as it did when it was first installed.  All communication with the staff was fast and efficient.  The last company that we had do our carpets used a shampoo mixture that left the carpet feeling hard and crunchy.  The J2 process uses steam to remove the cleaning solution so there is just soft fluffy carpet left!  Well done J2!  We have found our carpet cleaner for the future.
5 These guys are very good and professional.  The only reason why I needed to hire a carpet cleaning company was to get my deposit back on my apartment.  So I didn't really care if it was clean or not I just wanted the  receipt.  I even told  the cleaners Marvin and Omar then can just relax and not do the hearing scrubbing...  But being professional as they where the went way out of there way.  The carpets looked cleaner than they were when I moved in.  Lol for real i was kinda sad that even remax didn't give me clean carpets like these.  Marvin and Omar were on point.  I would recommend these guys to anyone
5 They did a great job. It's been about a month and no stains have come back up. The guys were SO nice and professional. The, I guess owner, when I called was very nice and helpful. I'd totally use them again.
5 Very pleased! Two men arrived on-time, got to work, and didn't stop or take a break until it was done.  Five hours in total. They did an amazing job with our house.  Cleaned our tile, which looks completely brand new! Cleaned all our rooms and furniture! Highly recommend this company.
5 I found these guys here on Yelp, I was looking for someone who had good reviews. I am SO very happy that I looked here first! Everything about this company was great. The price, the service, and most especially the job they did. My carpet looked FANTASTIC when it was finished! I can't say enough about Charles (the carpet cleaner guy) he was very personable and do a wonderful job. I will highly recommend J2 cleaning!
5 Amazing! We called J2 Carpet Cleaning & needed help on short notice due to company from Hawaii coming to visit. The other company we had scheduled to clean our carpets (A WEEK OUT!) cancelled on us the morning of service; due to a "broken down truck". Jeff answered & was very knowledgeable; been in the business for 11 years! He was able to give me an estimate AND get someone out SAME DAY to get the job done. Unbelievable. We had 1 master bedroom, 2 bedrooms, the living room & a hallway that needed some TLC. Charles showed up & was quite the wizard! We found out we were his 6th job that day.. many satisfied customers I imagine! He came, setup, treated, cleaned, & sanitized every room we asked perfectly & was gone. All within 1hr 15 mins! On top of being thorough & quick, he was respectful & courteous. He definitely kicked major ass! I would recommend J2 Cleaning as well as Jeff's & Charles' service to anyone & all! Happy customers, here. Can't thank them enough. You rock.
5 Awesome job and reasonably priced. The guy who I initially called was great and the two guys who showed up to do the cleaning were professional and worked hard. They were on time and even have me a courtesy call before heading over. Carpets look brand new and I will be hiring them again to do my tile and grout.
5 I found J2 Cleaning on Yelp and based on the positive reviews called them. I spoke with Jeff (one of the owners) and felt that they were worth a try. Jeff gave me a quote for the service based on the information I provided to him. I received a call on the morning of our appointment about a half hour before schedule from the crew (Mike and Marvin) telling me they were on their way and would be there in 20-30 minutes; a nice service. Upon arrival we walked and measured the areas to be cleaned noting the dirtier areas but also that there were no stains. The price was recalculated based on the actual measurements and it was $50 less than the quote. It took about two hours to complete the cleaning after which there were some waves in the carpet. I'm used to seeing that after previous cleanings so I wasn't surprised and they said they would smooth as the carpet dried. Of course they were right and after 24 hours of drying the "waves" were gone. But it did take 24 hours for the carpet to dry, not the 2-7 hours they quote. I really didn't believe 2-7 hours so I wasn't upset when it took a day. We just replaced the furniture around 30 hours after cleaning was complete and all was well. The carpets came out very clean and we are extremely pleased with both the results and the caliber of the work done by Mike and Marvin. We will definitely use them again.
4 Called for appointment and got quote from owner. Two guys came and spent quality time and got all the stains out and no trying to get more money from you. Highly highly recommend and will use again and again!
5 Very professional and efficient service.  I could not be more pleased with the results.   The carpet looks fresh and new.  Thank you.
5 Chose J2 purely from yelp reviews. My son's bedroom was so bad, Charles advised the he couldn't guarantee stains would come out.  He sold himself short. Charles is a miracle worker. The carpets are beautiful again! Whole process was professional from initial phone estimate to completion.  Highly recommend.
5 The service was fast (same day on a Friday afternoon) and the techs were professional. They provided us with plastic booties for our feet, and they worked quickly throughout my home. The price was great ($196 for my entire home, which is a second story 2 bedroom Townhome...with stairs included). I did get a couple of quotes that were a little lower, but they were scheduling several days out, and I wanted them done ASAP. The solution that they spray has a pleasant orange scent, and my carpets aren't weird or crunchy now that they're dry.   They did a decent job as far as the cleaning is concerned, but left a bit to be desired. There is an area of my living room where I felt they rushed a bit and it shows. (***please see edit below***) There's a perfect line of a shadow where it doesn't look like he spent enough time. However, the rooms and stairs look great. Overall, I am happy with the service and will probably use them again.  Edited to add: Jeff, I assume he is the owner, saw my review and called to follow up. He offered to send another tech out to clean the spot that I felt needed a bit more work. Now that my carpets are completely dry the area isn't very noticeable, so I declined to have someone sent back out. The customer service was great, and very professional. I would recommend this company to any of my friends, despite the small issue I had. The follow up alone shows that they are a great company and want to make sure their service is up to par and their customers are happy!   Also, the picture I included shows the traffic area under my couch and how clean the carpets came! That is not the area that wasn't done as thoroughly. Just wanted to clarify. :)
5 Amazing! Carpets are white and were filthy ... Charles worked his magic and the look brand new!! Thank you!
4 J2 is awesome. Called for a quote and to see if they could fit me in on a Saturday no problem.  The price that I paid and was quoted were the same no price increase at most places and they use a clean smelling deodorizer. The previous owner of my house had a little bit of a smoking problem but with the deodorizer they put down you cant smell a thing. Only downside if there is one was I was going to use them to clean my couch but the quote the guys gave me in home was as much as my whole house cost. I absolutely recommend them and they do a great job if you need cleaning at the last minute.
5 J2 turned my garbage carpet into a carpet that looks like new. The guys that came to the house were professional and even helped me move several couches. Forget the junk do it yourself carpet cleaners. I will for sure be using J2 in the future.
5 I called on Tuesday afternoon and they managed to book me in next day at 9am ! Got a phone call to let me know that they where on the way and were right on time ! I had a lovely man named mike who was very professional and did the most amazing job on my carpets best I've had out of the 5 company's I've used since moving here now I will look no further and will def recommend and use from now on! Thank you ! :)
