4 Heading home, I made a quick stop here to pick up a McFlurry for dessert.  Service was prompt, the restaurant was clean, and about the only thing to diminish my enjoyment of the McFlurry was the woman talking on her cell phone at about 120 decibels.  After a few strategic glares from me, she took it outside.  I generally don't stop at thisMcDonald's, but given the circumstances and the fact I was heading home, it made a good place to get dessert!  And, there's free wifi.
1 I went into this Mc Donalds bec there was 12 cars in the drive thru and when I got inside.. it was complete chaos !! It took 4 people to fig out how to work the register, while the fry machine was beeping beeping beeping .... One girl was texting on her cell phone and with 5 people in line, the young inexperienced manager went and sat down in the rest. and got on phone.  They were rude and it was unacceptable !! Horrible service and products !!
1 Came here with my husband and my daughter. While giving my order (with my family next to me), the MANAGER named Ricardo, kept WINKING at me. Yes, the manager. Not once but many times.   it took everything in me to calm my husband down and not let him deck the guy. I told my husband that I would report it.   Getting home, I called and reported the situation to corporate. they said I would receive a call from someone immediately.  Tori, the district manager called me the next day and gave me the lamest excuse Ive ever heard. Her exact words were, "Well, he does that to everyone, its just who he is. I mean, he even winks at me all the time and I'm not eve a pretty woman." Um, okay?! How does this make it right. i was furious and told her so. She continued to defend his actions saying he does it all the time. Excuse me, but I was a manager at a restaurant once upon a time and 1. winking is considered sexual harassment. 2. Its not appropriate for him to do that to a customer and definitely not his boss, the district manager. If he is allowed to do that and get a way with it, I can't imagine what he does to the female workers under him.  Called corporate again and yet, again nothing done. Not even an apology.  Used to come here all the time for a happy meal for my little girl but now i will NEVER come back to this mcdonalds and maybe never give another mcdonalds a chance. This situation made me sick and uncomfortable.
1 I don't like giving bad reviews, but this is the WORST McDonalds EVER. This isn't a one time thing either, constant mistakes, wrong orders (and I'm not altering my order in any way)...seriously? How hard is it to just get it right?!!!
2 So when I checked in here, there was a wait at the drive thru and I was looking over reviews and I couldn't imagine a McDonald's being THAT bad. Well.. It was. No pickles on my burger, my drink had no ice and wasn't full, and the fries were lukewarm at best. Next time I'll be headed to the location on buffalo and flamingo.
2 They are getting better instead of everytime messing my order its almost everytime I go inside everytime now because if you go through the drive through theywil mess your order up....this lady a few days ago was so confident she got my order right she watched me go through my bag (like i did somethin wrong) and praised herself on gettin the order right but  YOU DIDNT!!! my onions were still wrong after "ya ya i got this" but you didnt cuz you were to busy with something else and not listening....I really believe everyone in this location severly puffs the ganga b4 work  cuz they can never get it! Not that i blame them BUT i still pay for it so GET IT TOGETHER!!!!
3 There's always a line when I go to this McDonalds. I usually go through drive-thru and service is normal, but wait time is LONG. I come here when I'm desperate and don't' know what else to eat.
3 Every time I go to this McDonald's I order my food, they give it to me, and then I eat it.
1 Pulled in. Said my order. The guy completely butchered it and treated me like I was a stupid idiot for ordering an iced latte! Screen showed wrong so I tried to correct him. No answer for a solid 4 min of sitting there. Then he rudely says are you going to pull up? From there... Didn't charge the right amount and was more concerned with talking about a party with this guy behind him. From there... I pull up (wrong order).... Ask for what I ordered and got the wrong thing again. Props to the girl at the second window apologizing and so on but still c'mon 1 freAking iced latte!!!
3 The employees here totally love their jobs; I can tell. They are just so enthusiastic about working at McDonalds and they just can't contain it. If they were in a Disney movie, there would be one heck of a musical number about it.  Alright, not really. But they work at McDonalds. Can you really blame them for being blasé about it?  The wait in the drive thru is almost always pretty long. The food is standard McDonalds food. I haven't had any issues with my order being incorrect.
4 I watched this place as well as everything along durango by the park go up. i remember when it used to be a dirt lot.   Great location. SUPER convenient when need a fast and quick bite. Chevron is right there attached as well.   Out of the many years its been open, i've only had 1 issue and it was so long ago, i dont remember what happened. I just remember they gave me more food as an apology.. Haha.   Drive thru usually pretty fast.
1 These people want us to raise min wage to 15 an hour when they can't get a simple order right and then argue about it ? You can't even do the basic essentials of a simple task. You put in the order and give the customer what they paid for. Not argue with them. This is why they won't raise your pay because you can't do your job right. You get paid what you put in.
