5 Great dentist! No lectures about flossing. And a great office staff as well has made every visit a real pleasure. I cannot recommend this office enough.
1 Worst dental office I have ever been to. They will charge you whenever they get a chance, even when they promised NOT to!! If you already paid your bills, make sure you keep all proves, since they are medics without any basic accounting knowledge, they do not update their record, so they will keep asking you for payment unless you give them proves!!!
5 Best dentist in town!  I came in to take out 2 wisdom teeth and was quite nervous before the appointment. Dr. Lac made me feel completely at ease. He explains everything very thoroughly and ensures you are comfortable before he starts any procedure.  His prices are extremely fair and he's does excellent work. He even showed me where my problem areas are on the TV because his office takes digital xrays! His staff is friendly and goes over all the costs before you are treated. There's a nice selection of magazines and TVs in all the exam rooms while you wait but I've never had to wait more than a few minutes! I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a good dentist in the area.
5 I've been a patient for the past few years and here's my review.  This office is really clean and nice. There are TVs everywhere, the equipment is up to date, and the dentist-- Dr. Lac is super chill guy. He's also a fellow UCLA alum (GO BRUINS!) and extremely knowledgeable at what he does. My father had a slew of dental problems that affected his ability to sleep and eat. Dr. Lac fixed the whole gamut in 2-3 visits.  I go here for cleanings and the dental assistants are friendly, speedy, and also very skilled. I've also never had a problem with billing. The administrative staff will process you swiftly. I was in and out in less than an hour.  I've had nothing but fantastic experiences here and I highly recommend everyone to check this place out.
1 The office acts a fool if you are even a few minutes late or cancel. They Even have the audacity to have a sign stating that they will charge you 50.00 if you fail through with your appointment time. Today, I brought my child 15 minutes late- knowing fully well that was time she was going to be in the waiting room anyway! The dentist says to tell me if I'm late or cancel again- I can't reschedule- #%^*?!!!! Obviously they think its okay to treat paying patients that way!!!
5 Dr. Lac and his staff are amazing!  Very clean and professional environment but the staff is also very personable!  I have been a patient there for over 2 years now and never had an issue.  I had a tooth emergency after office hours and they saw me first thing in the morning and fixed it.  Would highly recommend going here!
3 although Dr. LAC is a great dentist and he offers good service, i would rate his clinic overall 3 star.  My husband,my 4yo son and myself wer patients of this clinic, no doubt dentist is proffesional, personable and very kind but  1.  sad to say his staff more so the people at d frontdesk are kinda rude. They are very strict and not as polite as wat is expected of them. I once witnessed how one staff berates a customer during an argument about who knows wat..i think its payment/insurance issues. I dont think this is a kind of atmosphere u want to hve in ur clinic.  2. Its hard to get scheduled for appointments,most of the time all office hrs are blocked. Meaning if u hve a cancled or rescheduled appt u will hve to wait for months.  3. They charge you for rescheduling ur appt w/o 24hr notice. I know its kinda lame but as soon as we receive a bill of 10$ for late cancelation.we figured we need to find a doctor. I mean i know its just 10$ but hello!!! Seriously we are bringing 3 people in ur business and probbly mking thousands of dollars from our insurance and u will bill us  $10. Its not like we didnt show up at all we called to reschedule ahead of time. This is just kinda annoying.   We decided this is not a place for us. Plus its so far from wer we live :)
5 I have had many root canals done in my life, have a few crowns and most of my teeth have fillings. Thus I got to know many dentists and this one is great. Very gentle and kind and didn't try to sell me service that I didn't need. Would recommand him to my friends and family.
5 What can I say about Dr. Lac, other than he is probably the best dentist I have ever been to! I have crazy anxiety about going to the dentist, but they completely worked me through all of my fears and fixed my teeth! I was a bit of a mess when I first went there, as I hadn't had any dental work since my son was born in 2005! However Dr. Lac and his staff were able to see that I was a bit panicked and they were able to get me the meds that I needed to get through my treatments. They were able to get all of my work done in just two trips, so I didn't have to stress about gong back repeatedly. Dr. Lac was very gentle and patent during my procedures too, he would always stop and check to make sure that I was doing ok.  The hygienist there is also wonderful! She is very patient and she will explain everything to you. She listened to me and answered all of my questions, even though some of them were ridiculous!  Finally, Brandi at the front desk is a rockstar! She worked out my appointments so I was able to get all of my treatments done in just two visits, instead of tree or four. She also was able to get my kids in at the same time I was there too. She would call me personally to confirm and she was so friendly the whole time!   I am going to miss this dental office when we leave Las Vegas!
