3 El Pollo Loco to me is quazi healthy Mexican fast food.... Wow... was that a mouthful. What I mean by that is their chicken is grilled, not deep fried and they have a pretty healthy menu when it comes to fast food restaurants.   Nothing to spectacular to say about this location other than it is the closest Pollo Loco to my house and I tend to go through cycles of either loving this stuff or hating it. Go figure.
4 This has to be the best El Pollo Loco in the city.  Okay, it's not Joel Robuchon but, for what they do, and for fast food, they're great.  And, despite my love for Popeyes, this is healthy and (almost) just as tasty.  What distinguishes them from the pack is that their chicken always seems to be either fresh off the grill or at least moist.  Off topic, I hate the word "moist," but will use it because it fits.   Spices, size, whatever, does not matter if the chicken is overcooked.  So, this El Pollo Loco already won the battle.    Their service, however, can be spotty.  I did once witness a cashier having a meltdown but, generally, they are okay and tantrum-free.  Just yesterday I received a discount without asking.  That kind of generosity can't help but make me a fan.  Cleanliness...ehh.... Just walk in and then walk out.  Did I mention their food is generally good?  I always order the generic meal: mixed chicken (breasts, leg, etc), mashed potatoes, coleslaw, corn, tortillas, etc.  However, skip the potatoes unless you really love that instant mashed potato taste (which I oddly find comforting).  The corn can also be kind of shriveled, so, I'd shoot for the other sides (my family always wants the corn for some reason!).  Choose El Pollo Loco over KFC, this stuff destroys that gross KFC grilled crap.
4 These guys make the best chicken, bar none.  And that includes much pricier and higher-end restaurants.  I'm a particular fan of their rice bowl (which KFC tried to imitate with little success) and find that its mix of chicken, pico di gallo, onion, cilantro, beans and Spanish rice make for a very tasty concoction.  When they first came out with their Sirloin, I was skeptical, but the lime marinade they use on their chicken tastes even better on the steak.  So it was high on my list to try their new fish tacos when they started advertising them a few weeks back.  I finally got there to try them both (Original Baja & Spicy Avocado) last night.  I can't say I was blown away.  First, no lime marinade.  Instead the plain foil wrapper included a wedge of lime and it was my job to squirt lime on my fish (not nearly enough lime for my taste).  The soft tacos are really very small (especially when compared with Taco Bell or Del Taco) and for some reason, they use two of them.  Not a particular fan of too much carbs, I abandoned the outer soft taco and ate just the inner one.  And figured out that they use two because on is not quite strong enough to hold the stuff inside.    I was not impressed by the tacos and I'll probably head back to Rubio's the next time I want a fish taco fix.  Still, this will remain my first choice for chicken and for the Pollo Chicken Bowl.  The subtraction of one star is more because of the very spotty drive thru service, the horrible speaker they have out there, and the long waits that are often the norm (their average serve time per customer is in excess of 3 minutes I would guess).  One final pet peeve - they frequently leave all their signage lights on well after the restaurant has closed.  Which means I have to drive through to find out that they're actually closed.  (Yes, I admit I'm not bright enough to remember their drive thru hours.)
4 EPL is my back up low carb fast food meal when nothing else sounds good. 3 chicken legs and a loco salad sets me back less than $5 and is healthy and low carb. This is the EPL closest to my house and I have yet to have an issues in my 20 or so visits to this place. The drive through can be slow, but inside is always very quick!
3 Its fast food, chicken is ok, burritos are better.
5 There's something about this chicken that tingles my taste buds. Once that grilled chicken hits my lips, it's bliss. When the flames of the grill lick that marinated chicken, sizzling magic happens. Absolutely love this chicken.
3 I like the healthy tasty food they prepare (broiled chicken) very much and i like the cilantro dressing, but some times it takes forever to have your order ready...
5 Ok this chicken is so good, it has been said, that even another chicken would eat it. That is an understatement. This is a decent restaurant in the guise of a fast food joint. They have a great loyalty program-Plus. They send out great coupons- Double Plus! A great alternative to fast food, not just in quality but healthier as well. I should also mention the very friendly staff. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4 I love El Pollo Loco! The people who work there are so nice. I'm so picky with my the way I order my bowl and they get it right every time.  The inside is kept tidy and clean.      The tostada salad bowl is amazing.  It comes with rice, beans, lettuce, cheese, pico de gayo, sour cream, and chicken.  If you don't want something on your bowl, you can ask for it to be on the side, or not on at all.  They make a creamy cilantro dressing which tastes really good with the salad.  Along the side, next to the drink fountain, there is a salsa bar.  I usually get the rojo salsa and the spicy avocado salsa.  I love an extra kick in my food.  Another item I like to order is the churro.  Totally reminds me of growing up in S. Cali. every theme park I had gone to, I had to have a churro.   I like to come here once in a while to quench my craving for the tostada bowl.  I guess you can say estoy loca por El Pollo Loco :)
5 Great food, great specials!
1 I tried to order 12 breasts via the drive-thru, and the woman's voice on the speaker told me simply "I can't give you twelve breasts" as if there was a rule against it.  This was a large order, but not so large that it shouldn't be fillable on demand.  We debated it for a little bit through the speaker, and she then said that if I were to wait 20 minutes, she would be able to fill my order.  There were other things as well, and a 20 minute wait in a drive-thru doesn't work, so I went inside to order.  When I arrived, the same woman told me that "if I sell you 12 breasts, then I don't have any chicken to sell other people."  She actually explained to me that "chickens only have two breasts."  I instantly felt like she did not want MY business.   Let me take this forum to explain something to the woman who dealt with me:  YOU SELL CHICKEN.  WHEN SOMEONE COMES INTO THE STORE TO BUY IT, YOU SELL IT TO THEM.  YOU DO NOT TELL THEM THAT SELLING IT TO THEM WOULD BE BAD.  I've never had someone ACTIVELY discourage me from spending money in their establishment.  Thankfully I don't live in this area.  I would not visit this store again.
4 Sat in the drive thru just before 5pm and kinda slow but they was busy I guess inside. normally drive thru goes pretty quick. did know what, o eat healthy so El Pollo Loco it is. Great Chicken Taste!
4 Had the classic chicken ranchero burrito today. It was pretty good although it lacks lettuce, tomatoes and other such items I enjoy in burritos. The salsa bar is impressive and I enjoyed the pico de gallo and chips. Overall, good meal for a good price.
4 I have never been inside always do drive through. Food is tasty and friendly service. BUT the inside table and floors are very dirty. Please do a major clean up!
