5 I absolutely LOVE this store! They have a fantastic selection and their jewelry is mainly custom. It's amazing the work the people here put into their jewelry. At one point I brought in some old gold that I no longer wanted as well as a loose pearl that I had received for a gift and we traded. They set my pearl in exchange for the gold and an additional $10 and everyone LOVES it. I have also recently gone in with my BF looking for engagement rings and their selection is STUNNING. We were able to pick out a custom ring immediately and it was priced well. I'm now awaiting the surprise! WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND JEWEL TRENDZ!
5 you would have to be borderline retarded to shop anywhere else
5 After shopping around over 5 diff jewelers, I came across Jewel Trendz. They had the best service and also best price out of everyone.  Great Service, super friendly. Did exactly what they promised. Def client for life. Thank You
5 My fiance and I had our wedding rings custom made at Jewel  Trendz.  Our experience was amazing and I am so happy we stumbled upon them.  I was looking for someone to redesign my engagement ring as I wanted something a little bit more modern.  We worked with Avo to redesign both my ring and to come up with a design for my fiances wedding band.  I had my heart set on a design I had seen at another jeweler that wasn't local to our area.  It was important to me to find someone nearby to handle our jewelry needs so we had him reproduce it.  Saying he nailed it seems like an understatement.    Additionally, Avo was able to take several aspects of other men's wedding rings he designed that we liked along with a few of our own unique requests and combined them into an amazing piece of art.  My fiances wedding band is truly one of a kind including hand cutout puzzle pieces.  From the design aspect, to the molds, to watching the actual rings be made, this has been such a memorable experience.   I can't recommend them enough.
5 The two brother Avo and John both are great guys. I have bought a few things from them and had some custom stuff made. They do everything in house.  I cant see myself going anywhere else. Best service best prices very friendly  with the best product.
5 AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!!  First I have to say I'm extremely picky and hard to please. But Avo at Jewel Trends exceeded my expectations! Jewel Trendz  produced a knockout custom engagement ring for me. Plus they are some of the nicest people you will meet.  It took me MONTHS to decide on a ring design. This is no fault of Avo (he gave me many choices and ideas). And without him I would have NEVER  had the ring of my dreams! Avo has the patience of a saint!  This place is AMAZING. They can make anything and make it better than rest. And I saved thousands!  I am so happy I asked my fiancee to return there for my wedding gift too!   I rarely ever leave a review for anyone. But this place deserves it and a big thank you!   Lorrie & John
