5 This is the first high end store I've ever been to where the sales girls are actually really friendly.  I guess it's because it's Vegas and you never know who's rich and who's not there.  Anyway, I'm a big fan of Guiseppe Zanotti's shoes and I had unfortunately/fortunately forgot my clubbing heels at home on this Vegas trip, so obviously, I needed to buy a new pair.  After searching through every shop in the Forum Shops and about to lose hope, I found this lovely little store and my hopes were up once again.  As mentioned above, the sales girls were totally not snotty and helped me choose the perfect pair of sexy sky high heels.  I walked out of that store feeling great about my purchase and ready for my night out on the town.
5 Fabulous store layout and design. Beautiful merchandise.  Enjoy stopping by after lunch in the Forum Shoppes to drool! Great sales every now and then for all you locals who can stop by whenever.  Make friends with an employee and you'll be good to go!
5 I am very fortunate to have a beautiful high fashion shoe collection, so I've obviously had dealings with countless salespeople at such establishments.  I have to say that I am really impressed with the customer service at Zanotti - especially the store in the Forum Shops.  And definitely the store's manager, Dominik.    My fiancé bought me a beautiful pair of shoes for Christmas, but they were too big (they're my first pair of Zanottis, so he didn't know my size in them).  When I called the store, I spoke to Dominik, who had a smaller size rushed in from another store - and he called me exactly when he said he would.  We went to the store to exchange the shoes, and at a busy holiday time, Dominik spent nearly an hour with us, trying on even more styles, since he immediately understood my "foot issues" and what I love in a shoe.  He's so adorably friendly, yet at the same time extremely professional and certainly knows his industry inside and out.  In that time, I learned a lot about this awesome brand, and I am definitely a fan!  Zanotti as a whole is truly a class act.  They are eager to do whatever it takes to make their customer happy.  They can do all different custom alterations, and even special order a shoe in a different color, if you like!  Amazing.  Their shoes just make sense.  They are the first high end shoe I've ever found that genuinely shows they want their shoes to fit each and every foot type properly - and look fabulous.  Because we all know how hard it is to walk tall and confident when our feet are killing us!   I will be back again and again, and tell everyone to check this place out first before heading to the other high end shoe stores.  You'll be really glad you did!
5 Service is key with Giuseppe Zanotti. Went to Caesars looking for a birthday pair of shoes. Was thinking about Christian Louboutin, but once I fell in love with Giuseppe's chain sneakers... My mind was set. Sun Simmons was a great sales associated she was so nice and friendly. She made my shopping experience such a nice one. I really love Giuseppe's styles and materials... And the craftsmanship of the shoes are beautiful. I'm in love!
