5 We were on our roadtrip from San Francisco to Vegas... left SF 11pm in the evening thinking that we would arrive around noon in the property but without traffic we got to our destination 7am sharp and check in time is around 12noon. We have inquired is possible to check in prior noon is the gentlemen was nice enough to accomodate us. We had the breakfast buffet. The servers was really outstanding. They were very friendly & would check on us once in a while for refill on our coffee...etc.  The cook in the egg station was very entertaining.
4 Typical courtyard. Nice size rooms. TV's need to be updated.  Nice little cafe, nice pool, good work out room. They have a ton of computers for use if you forgot yours. Very nice staff and easy check in. Off the strip, so if you are looking for something affordable and off strip this is a good choice.
4 Dear Courtyard on Dean Martin,  I didn't know your breakfast buffet was $9.95.  That was really rude of me to walk away with the biscuit and gravy.  It was the best biscuit and gravy I've had in a long time.  Next time, please stop me while I'm walking back to my hotel room, with party hair and all.   Yours, Rosie
5 This hotel was beautiful and the service is outstanding.The room service was promptly delivered. The room was clean and spacious. The housekeeping was excellent and so was the concierge. Also, I would like to say to the management, Johanna, her kindness and hospitality is truly genuine. Overall, I would recommend.
5 I am here again. I have been here and the quality and the friendliness has been suberb. Only if they had Club Tao relocated here. Excelllent staffs.
5 Stayed here for 2 nights...nice and pleasant  staff, clean facilities...complimentary coffee is good=)))) free shuttle to bring you to Strips...everything is good!!!!I will go back to this place again!!!!
4 I utilize this hotel site for local meetings and interviewing. The meeting areas of this hotel are typical for a Courtyard Marriott. They have two meeting rooms that can hold about 50 people each and then some small board rooms. Nothing fancy but the location is good. It is near the airport and the major expressways so it is easy to access. The hotel lobby is very nice and has some nice public sitting areas with couches and chairs. They have free wi-fi and several computers in a nice work area in the lobby. The Sales Manager, Rowena,  is new to the position but is doing a good job. She works very hard to accommodate any requests.  They do provide meals for meetings, however they are pretty standard fare and nothing really great. It is too bad that they do not allow you to cater in meals but require their meal service only.
3 The rooms at this Marriott are nice. The cleaning crew does a good Job at keeping everything looking clean and fresh. The bed and pillows Are comfy. How ever the Marriott is situated just under the plane path of the Las Vegas airport. The planes can be noisy depending on which room you stay in.
4 Not glitzy -- but that's kind of a relief compared to the sensory overloads on The Strip, and in any case it's affordable, nice, and very clean. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I got a single, and it had a mini-fridge and coffee maker, along with the usual amenities.  There are no free breakfast items (other than coffee), but they offer extensive food options in the cafe, including custom omelettes made to your request. The choices for lunch and dinner are very limited, but the food is excellent. I loved the salmon and the brownie sundae.  It's far enough from The Strip to be a ~$10 cab ride, but there's little need for that, since they have free shuttles every 1/2 hour, until 1 am.  One night there was some odd clanging of the pipes. They responded right away to fix it, but it later came back. I managed to sleep through it, and they gave me a new, better room the next day, and comped me breakfast.  I thought I might have trouble later in my new room too, because of some noisy teenagers next door. (A high school basketball team, I think.) However, when I raised that concern, they got on it right away, and assured me they'd kick them out if necessary. They were effective, and it was completely quiet that night.  All in all, I was happy with the experience.
5 I had a conference scheduled at this location and was debating whether to stay here or elsewhere.  I decided to book a room here and am glad I did.  The rooms were affordable and clean...just what I needed.  Upon check-in I received a welcome bag with bottled water, an apple, and a Kashi bar.  A few items to note: -This location is off The Strip, but a short quarter mile drive gets you there in a heartbeat.  With hourly shuttles we had no issues getting to and from our desired locations. -Another short drive gets you to a little shopping are with many restaurants and stores. -An outdoor pool and fitness facility is available, but I had no time to use.   -The hotel location is in the flight path for the airport so light sleepers may want to take note.  I personally had no problem with the noise.
4 Beds: firm, pillows soft, room comfortable, and service was nice.
4 My girlfriend had a 5 day conference at the Mandalay Bay so she booked this hotel.  I got to tag along.  I only stayed Saturday night to Monday morning.  It's a nice little place.  I liked the fact that is was off the strip and quite and comfortable.  The rooms were clean and nice.  An actual internet cable rather that wifi was nice.  Flat screen TV was nice.  There's still places out there with consoles.  Oh hell, I'll be honest.  I'm still rocking a 1990 Sony Trinitron in my bedroom.  I have two complaints.  Our room was next to an exit, but that exit is one way only.  To get back in the room we had to come in through the lobby.  I also tried the breakfast buffet.  It cost $10, no big deal.  But the bacon sucked.  It was like that thin ass, limp microwaved bacon you get at Carl's Jr.  You're charging me more than a Denny's or IHOP, give me some real, meaty, thick ass bacon.    My girlfriend only had one complaint.  The shuttle.  She was able to get the shuttle over to Mandalay Bay no problem, but after 8-10 hours at a conference all she wanted to do was get back to the room and relax.  The shuttle was late every day she took it.  She ended up taking a cab back one day and then bitched at the conference and got VIPed and a parking pass.
3 This is an off-the-strip property that is close to the general aviation terminals at the Las Vegas airport.  If you have a car parking is free and self-parking - nice and cost effective for Vegas.  They offer a shuttle every half hour to the strip, which is great since taxis can get expensive here.  There is not much around the hotel except some other hotels.  You can see the Mandalay Bay hotel at the south end of the strip across the freeway.  The restaurant is open for breakfast and specializes in custom omelets.  They are a little scattered in the kitchen, but the omelets are ok, and you can get a room package that includes breakfast.  Rooms are standard Courtyard.  I find that most Courtyards are a little tired these days despite the lobby overhauls.  During this stay my sink was cracked, for example.  The good news is that the front desk staff are very nice and very friendly.  Rooms that face the freeway can be noisy, so beware.
4 I stayed here for a conference. Really good experience. The hotel is smoke free. It had a fridge, was clean and quiet. They dont charge resort fees and internet is free. No noisy casino below. Nice heated pool. Breakfast was not free so I ate my own. No biggy. The shuttle was free to the conference. It ran every 30mins. I was frequently left waiting on the sidewalk at the convention center. Thats why they lost a star. Its fair priced. My overall experience was good.
5 This was the best experience we have had in a hotel. Never heard the neighbors. They have a restaurant on site. All staff was very friendly and helpful.  You get what you pay for!!  We are now believers in the Marriott system.
