2 Wow.. this hotel is WAY out in the boonies of the Las Vegas strip.   The hotel was decent- a standard Hilton Garden Inn. However, I would not pay to stay at a hotel so far away from all of the excitement! At least there is a complimentary shuttle that picks up/drops off their guests at the Las Vegas airport. Just call the hotel to ensure that the shuttle is on its way. In addition, the shuttle can drop guests off at the Mandalay Bay hotel.   If you're bored of the hotel, you can always go to the outlet malls. They are located next to the hotel.  My advice: Stay at a hotel on the strip!!! We took a trolley back to the hotel, and it took almost 2 hours to get back to the hotel. The ride sucked.
2 This hotel is a clean descent hotel near the airport. If you have a car, this hotel is not an issue. The only bad experience I had was with their shuttle service. It was consistently late, from the first time we got picked up at the airport all the way till the time we left. You are most likely not going to be able to walk from the strip to the hotel. The last shuttle run is at 11:15PM, and it's a $20 cab ride to the hotel. The shuttle also only runs half an hour. If you are not interested traveling to the strip, this hotel is great.
4 We stayed there for a day during the Memorial day weekend. It was a saturday so most hotels doubled the rates and Hilton Garden Inn was the most affordable then. It was meant to a temporary rest place before we move onto the strip, but I was pleasantly surprised at that the room was newly renovated and very clean. We had a car but still checked out the hourly shuttle since Las Vegas Blvd is notorious for the traffic. We thought dropping off at Mandalay Bay and walking would be a better idea. For those who have never experienced the Las Vegas Blvd traffic, it can take 2 hours to creep from Mandalay Bay to last hotel on the strip. Yes, it is that bad, irregardless of whether you are in a small beetle, a public bus, or a frustrated hummer trying to ran everyone down. It'll be faster walking. The shuttle's on time and the driver's very polite. One thing I'll have to agree with the rest of the reviewers, the *free* internet there sucks.
4 Went here for a week's worth of business meetings, and had a quiet semi-relaxing time in Vegas?  That's what I said, hence (I love that word) if you are looking to conduct business (professional business that is - well, that doesn't really sound right either - I think you get what I'm trying to say though) this is a great place to do it.  They have pretty reliable shuttles to/from the airport, Mandalay Bay, and a local mall area if you wish to venture out + there is a strip of your usual standby's (Subway, Buffalo Wild Wing, Outback, etc.) within a 5-10 minute walk.  If you looking to not worry about shuttles and indulge in the Vegas Strip experience, then this place will probably just frustrate you.  Then again, I bet it's cheaper than staying on the juiciest part of the strip.  Other stuff:  Clean hotel, no "free" breakfast, small gym
3 We were scheduled to stay here for 2 nights, but had to leave after one. The public bathrooms (near the pool) were very dirty, as was the elevators. I lost confidence in the cleanliness of my room before I even saw it. But, it was clean. The problem is with the mattresses, very very uncomfortable. When I notified Hilton customer service, they took notes on all my complaints and I received a note from the manager. She explained there was a convention of teens, who were not staying at the hotel, that made such a mess of the public areas. She also explained that they are planning on replacing the queen beds by the end of this year. That is why I gave them 3 stars. I was glad the manager took my concerns to heart.
3 Solid and Safe hotel "off the strip"  actually the hotel is technically on "Las Vegas Blvd" its simply on the south side about 2 minutes south of Mandalay Bay. I come here 3 times per year for a conference held at the hotel.  I appreciate the hard working staff and have noticed very little turnover as I see the same 3-4 key people each time I travel.  The hotel is unremarkable... but in Vegas when you don't need the strip or to spend a lot of money, this fits the bill perfectly.
3 Another nice retreat not right on the Strip. Nice hotel, with a decent hot breakfast buffet/waffle station you can purchase vouchers for when you book your room. There is an outlet mall a short walk away, and there's a convenience store next to the hotel. The hotel has a 'pantry' with some snacks, and drinks, but the selection is limited.  The pool/hot tub area, is okay, nothing fancy, but a nice area to relax while soaking up some sun. I didn't use the public restrooms, so can't comment on that area.  Our room was a nice double bed room, but it didn't seem to be as spacious as other hotel rooms we've stayed at in Las Vegas for less. The restaurant/grill  located next to the hotel lobby is open for breakfast, and dinner, and their menu is classic American. A short drive will get you more choices with IHOP, or the Strip offerings. Would stay here again, the staff has always been friendly, and helpful.
3 I've been here a couple of times now and it's a totally straight forward standard hotel with free internet (wifi and cable), free breakfast, free airport shuttle (one of the few in LV), and free shuttle to the strip (dropoff at Mandalay Bay). Down the street there is a big outlet mall with a whole bunch of food and shopping options which is convenient. This means that you aren't out in the boonies despite being "off strip". Not a bad little hotel, I'll be back.
2 Epic adventures typically start with a seemingly insignificant event. My review of the HGI South Strip begins about a year ago. My job required me to be in Las Vegas more frequently, and this location was both convenient and preferred for corporate stays. Since that time I have logged over 60 days this year alone, sometimes staying just for the night, other times staying for two weeks at a time. I've even stayed here recreationally while on vacation.  The Good: Efficient for the business traveler, the hotel features clean fresh rooms. Refrigerators, coffee makers, irons and hot water in the mornings. Far enough from the party to allow a good night sleep before that client meeting, HGI is consistant no matter the city, this one is no different. You also have a well appointed exercise room, a small pool, and a small friendly lobby bar.  The Bad: lacking in some of the basics that make modern travel tollerable. The internet connection is a string with two cans operated by a drunk dislexic old man. Slow, confusing, and frequently falling off without notice. For breakfast, you have a choice between quick, greasy self served caffeteria food, or slow mediocre table service. Neither is free, tasty or convenient.  The Ugly: Just like in real estate, sometimes it's simply about location, location, location. This is about as far from...um, anything? If you don't rent a car, you can walk to the Burger King, the old Bootlegger Bistro, or the failing factory outlet mall, featuring an empty carousel in the abandoned food court.  It may sound like I don't like the HGI, but it has become my home away from home. And just like home, once you grow up, its just not enough.
4 Definitely not for those that need to be on the strip, this place is quiet, clean and modestly priced.  Was able to sleep well and the reprieve from the smoke filled casinos was great for my burning eyes and annoyed sinuses..  (We non smokers are "spoiled" in California.) Would recommend for those looking for quiet time off the strip at a decent price.
4 Loved this place! It was right off the strip (about 5 min drive), smoke free (from what we saw anyway), clean & QUIET!   The beds were the best part, that was my first time in a sleep number bed and it was amazing. Overall good hotel, easy parking and very friendly staff as well.  My ONLY Complaint was that there were no dark curtains on the windows....so people who are sensitive to light, bring an eye mask otherwise you will probably be waking up with the sun like I did!
4 Definitely a more than adequate hotel.  Rooms were nice and clean.  I give it 4 stars because they have a shuttle to the airport as well as Mandalay Bay.  Good value even though its off strip.
3 Good hotel for families with kids that do not want to be on the Strip all the time. Quiet, fairly clean, nice pool. It seems to be frequented rather by business people.   On the minuses side: awful coffee in the room, late room service (in the afternoon, at least on the 4th floor), quite dusty floors.
4 Great hotel but not as good for business travelers as most HGI - seems to cater more to gamblers. For example, no bill under door, no cookies in lobby, and parking is difficult. Despite flaws is a very good choice, and I keep returning when in the area.
4 A great find: a very clean, comfortable hotel room close to the strip in Vegas for $100.   It's not on the strip, but is incredibly close. If you're looking to stay closer to the action, expect to pay more for a lot less. And don't be overly critical when it comes to the cleanliness or quality of your room.  The nice thing about staying just south of the strip is that you can sleep in peace & quiet at a safe distance from the craziness but are conveniently 5 minutes away, in case you want to go HAM at 4 in the morning...  We appreciated the little touches here: water bottles upon arrival and the fact that the manager opened up the jacuzzi & pool after hours for us as long as we promised to be quiet.   Great place to relax and recharge so you can wake up the next day and enjoy Vegas by spending all the money you saved by staying here at the slots.
4 Reasonable rates, clean rooms, friendly & attentive staff, black-out-curtains and excellent in-room wifi.  What more do you need?
4 I stay here about 3 times a year on average out of about 5-6 trips to Vegas per year.  It is my favorite property of all the places I stay as a business traveler to Vegas because it is very conveniently located to the giant business parks around the airport, lots food choices near-by, close to the LAS rent-a-car center, and you can be on the central strip in about 10-15 minutes depending on traffic.    I find the property to always be consistently clean, staffed with friendly people, good business-dude ammeneities like decent wi-fi and meal service.  And its non smoking.  It upholds the HGI brand standard very well and is very reasonably priced for the value.  I think my AAA rate has never been anything other than $125 I'm fairly sure.    As someone who spends about 60-80 nights on the road I really enjoy having a consistently good property to arrive at.
2 OK. I just have ONE Question that I will limit myself to...PLEASE tell me WHY...WHY OH WHY--9 times out of 10 stays that i stay at a HILTON---WHY is the Plumbing ALWAYS baaad?!?!? I just do NOT Understand. The shower/tub combo is ALWAYS backed up. Two words: GROSS + DISGUSTING
5 This is a rare find in Las Vegas. Firstly some of the reviews on Yelp have the wrong Hilton Hotel. I would like to say a special thank-you to the Hilton Garden Inn for looking after my special quests. Group Booking Manager Katie Sommers went out of her way to take care of our group of people who have special needs due to being handicapped. This venue is quiet, accommodating and very kind. They add a lot of extra's most hotels and casinos charge for. Coffee and tea station and fridge. The rooms for the handicapped are wonderful. It's a home away from home for those who want to escape the crazy and large casinos filled with noise, smoke and chaos. They have a fantastic banquet room with a beautiful outside garden area for parties and events etc called The Hawaiian Gardens. This hotel is only five minutes on the southside of the strip; a hop skip and jump... free shuttles all day and night. This hotel is right next door to the outlet mall and restaurants. You won't get lost looking for your room, get frustrated with the typical average/poor customer service nor feel that no ones cares about your needs. They are a five star venue. Thank-you again to the management team Katie, Linda and Steven. Survivor's Pay it Forward and The Beyond Trauma Foundation appreciate your consideration and extra special care in taking care of our guests from around the nation.
2 I booked online 2 weeks early and that was a smooth transition, but when I got to the room the pillows were so flat I couldn't sleep on them! This hotel doesn't even offer complimentary breakfast. When I got to the pool area I was sooooo disappointed the pool was dirty! It had bugs all on the edges of the pool :(
3 If you don't care about staying at a hotel with a casino, this is a nice, budget friendly HGI that is close enough to where you want to be in and around Vegas.  Pros: free parking, shuttle to airport, malls and Mandalay, decent breakfast (I say decent because my eggs weren't poached correctly but it seems that this is hard for hotels, so whatever), standard HGI rooms.  Cons: If you drive in late at night, you may have to park on the street or in the sketchy back parking lot. Shuttles do not run very late, so if you're partying on the Strip, expect to cab it back to the hotel.
4 The rooms here were decent for the price. Nice because it was clean with a good complimentary breakfast for our whole team. Just off the strip, so pretty convenient and located right next to Starbucks. Yay
3 Not the best Hilton property I have stayed in, but convenient for my work trips to LV.  Housekeeping staff has a real issue with leaving sugar in the coffee service for those of us that choose not to use yellow, blue, or pink chemical sweeteners.  Even after numerous complaints to the desk staff, they still don't get it.   Trash is not always emptied and they sometimes do not replace coffee or clean the coffee maker.  I will probably continue to stay here, but am looking for another convenient property.  Nice fitness center and pool, friendly bar/restaurant staff and good dinner specials.
4 Our room was clean and quite and the hotel was just fine.   Located right down from the strip on the South end of Las Vegas Blvd and next to shopping and restaurants and a very close drive to the rental car return center at the airport, I was glad to be staying here and not fighting crowds.   Our bed malfunctioned, with one side deflated and one side hard as a rock; unfortunately a call to maintenance did not solve it.  Despite that,  the price, location and free parking made it worth staying here.
5 From the moment you walk into the lobby of this place, you feel welcome. There's ice cold water with fresh fruit in it, warm cookies and a cozy feel. We went here for our wedding and were so very happy we did. No slot machines, no smoke, just a lovely outdoor venue in front of a waterfall! I would recommend this lovely place for nuptials for anyone!  Linda was so wonderful and planned a beautiful day.  The Inn was so quaint and clean and lovely. The pool was wonderful and we enjoyed it quite a bit :) I even used the gym the morning of our wedding!  We will stay here again, anytime we visit Vegas!  Thank you Hilton Garden In for a wonderful stay and such special memories!
4 Stayed here for 3 nights recently.  Nothing truly negative about the hotel.  Rooms were clean and modern.  Gym probably needed more equipment options compared to the nearby resorts, however what they had was current with other HGIs.  Good alternative to stay away from the resort section of the strip.  Shopping and airport are close by as well.
1 If I was just staying at this location for personal leisure, I may have given a 2 star review, but I came for business. We rented the convention space and paid for all of the basic requirements. We rented the space for a 3 day seminar that members paid to attend.  Pros:  Venue was clean overall. Venue staff was friendly.  Cons: The morning muffin trays were a sad joke at best. The afternoon cookies were brought in late daily and were hard.  We were charged a $150 a day fine for our attendees walking across the parking lot and purchasing lunch and then eating it in the room at their seats. We did not provide our attendees food other than what we agreed to in our contract and what we purchased from the on-site restaurant. Our event was 3 days and there was no mention of the fact that NO ONE was allowed to bring in outside food until the very last day when the girl catering girl came in and mentioned there was no outside food allowed, made everyone eat in the lobby and charged us the penalty anyways. To me, this was a ridiculous and frivolous fine. For this, we will NEVER use this venue again, period.   I would urge everyone who holds events to go elsewhere where you will not be penalized for allowing your attendees to eat the food they choose.
4 This is by far the beat hotel just off the strip, but still within close proximity to still enjoy all the fun of Vegas. The moment you check in to kicking your shoes off in your room. The ambiance is typical of a hilton property, but the Keurig is a nice touch, bring your favorite k-cup to enjoy in the morning or enjoy theirs.  Nice breakfast and dinner selections, shuttle service, gym, and pool all make this a great family and professional stop over. Here a week or a weekend, I give it a  (thumbs up) for hospitality, personality, and customer satisfaction.  If your wondering, my fifth star is reserved for the glass shower doors, never liked the fact my towel outside the shower is soaked, the doors don't shut all the way, historical problem, would take a complete renovation to fix.
