5 I have this vacation place in northwest las vegas and i'm only there a couple of times a year. it's a gated community under HOA oversight and needless to say, i am always in trouble with the HOA about these weeds! I had to deal with more than a dozen Vegas companies, some set up appointments and not even show up, those who show up do their estimates agree to do it  then never show up ... in short the process was a pain. Ultimate Lawn Maintenance is the exception. The owner, Brian, is quick in estimating and quoting the price, and the folks he uses are very efficient and clean in doing the actual landscape maintenance. My wife was impressed watching them on our security cameras as they did their thing. Brian is also very quick to respond on his e-mail if you have any issues. A very professional service. They are not the lowest bidder but they are worth the price!
5 I have used Ultimate Lawn Maintenance  EXCLUSIVELY for 2 years.  I own and operate Maid Brigade a professional House Cleaning Service, and this is the only Landscaper  I use and refer to my clients.  The owner is trustworhty and very hands on!!!  Brandon Cross Maid Brigade
5 This company is great. They planted roses and re-routed the sprinkler system...including adding heads, etc. The new roses are doing great. Before we had Bermuda grass and it looked bad most of the year... They supplied and installed new sod which is now green and lush.  They are consistent and respond to requests right away andthey pick up flowers and shrubs that we select at the supplier and make it so easy to manage our flower and landscaping needs at a very reasonable price.
5 I have now used Ultimate Lawn Maintenance for over a year now, and it is refreshing to have such great communication not only for maintenance, but also for landscape design.  Ultimate Lawn Maintenance's rates are reasonable and I continue to receive exemplary service and never have to worry about my lawn or landscaping being anything but perfect.
5 QUICK - THOROUGH - GREAT PRICE  I contacted Ultimate after reading the reviews here on Yelp for a one time yard clean up.  My backyard had over a years worth of weeds growing.    I was very pleased and would recommend them to anyone looking for landscaping here in Vegas
1 I just called to get a quote and the guy on the phone interrupted me before I could finish my first sentence.  The reception was poor and he was frustrated that I asked him to repeat what he had just said.  I felt like I was inconveniencing him by inquiring about their services. Also, I live in the southwest end of town (and they're listed on Yelp as being in the southwest area) and he said "We don't go there, sorry", and hung up.
5 I love Ultimate Lawn Maintenance!  I have used their services at two of my houses.  I called them the night before last and told them my sprinkler was broken and was causing water to gush out into the street.  They had someone out the next day and I figured while they were there, we could have them trim the shrubs and the tree...and program our sprinkler timers.  The two gentlemen did a fantastic job and were able to fix the leak, trim the tree and shrubs...and reprogram our system.  I was super impressed and the price was affordable!
5 Brain and his team have done a ton of work for me and i have them do my parents house they are snow birds -  send him a text _ hay brain the flowers in front need some help our neighbors dog has been in them - the next day they are fresh and blooming when you come home - wow great service good price and nice guy to deal with
5 I have used Brian and his team for over the last 2 years.  They show up on time - take direction well and leave my yard looking wonderful.  I would have no hesitation in recommending Ultimate Lawn Maintenance to anyone who has a yard of any type.  One more note - I have a pool - and when they are doing clean up work they take care to assure that they don't blow debris into the pool.  That's class, and that's great attention to detail.
5 Outstanding service! Price extremely fair, quality of work was beyond expectations. Brian responded on a timely manner after leaving a voice mail and personally visited my home for a yard clean up quote. Very friendly and I will definitely be a repeat customer.
5 My son read the reviews here  on Ultimate Lawn Maintenance.I called the owner Brian to get an estimate and he actually came by on Thanksgiving Day.I was very impressed how quickly he returned my call and was very pleasant to deal with.We had years of weeds and over grown bushes and the yard was a horrible mess.His two guys did an outstanding job,were prompt and very professional.I would not hesitate to refer Brian and his crew and plan on having them keep the yard in this condition.We have had landscapers in the past and none of them came even close to doing such a fabulous job and were as reasonably priced.
5 Brian and his team are the best and truly go above and beyond!   I came home to a bad situation from a previous lawn maintenance company not doing their job and not only did Brian respond RIGHT AWAY during a holiday week, he gave me a fair estimate and helped me with extra things I did not expect!  He is always courteous and quick to respond to calls which is a huge plus for me.  I can't express how pleased I was when I saw the work that was done!  Not only did he do what was expected, but made sure my entire area was perfect for my standards and those of my HOA.   I would recommend him to you for your lawn care needs, this guy/company is legit and all the positive reviews are spot on!
5 Ultimate Lawn Maintenance did a fantastic job with my train wreck of a yard!  My rental home had been neglected badly and Brian came out quickly for a very reasonable quote.  Once I secured the next available time, his crew was on time and on point.    I wish I took before and after photos so you could see home much work had to be accomplished, and how well of a job they did.  Would give them a big thumbs up and will continue to use them to maintain the yard in the future.
5 My front and backyard were in serious need of care, due to overgrown shrubs, trees, and fallen leaves everywhere.  I had tried to clean things up myself over the weekends, but honestly wasn't making much progress.  So I finally decided that it was time to hire a professional service because it was beyond my ability.  I called Ultimate Lawn Maintenance after reading all of the great reviews on Yelp.  It was one of the best decisions I've made, as Brian called me back in less than 20 minutes.  Best of all, he agreed to come by the next day to take a look at the property and provide an estimate.  True to his word, he did exactly that, less than 24 hours after I first called him.    Brian was so kind as to schedule me in right away, on the same day that he came by to take a look.  I received an estimate for the work, which was very reasonable for the amount of time it actually took.  And he also advised me how often I should expect to have regular servicing done, and how much it would cost.  It was all very clear and well-explained.  And he kept me in the loop throughout, calling me directly and then following up with text messages.  His team came and did a fantastic job of cleaning up the yard, both trimming all the plants, shrubs, and trees, and sweeping up all of the many, many dead leaves.  I was really impressed with how quickly they cleaned it up.  And they even checked my drip systems and schedule to make sure everything was set properly for the desert landscaping.  It turns out that the schedule was not good, as one of guys explained that the drip was was set for 30 minutes (!) two times every other day.  No wonder everything was growing so much even during the winter!   So they adjusted it to be more water-conserving, which will save me a bit on my water bills.    I will definitely call Brian and his team again.  Ultimate Lawn Maintenance is responsive, efficient, and very professional.  i definitely recommend them and suggest others try them out.  They do excellent work, as my restored yard demonstrates!
3 Descent.
5 My lawn was a jungle, Brian and his crew went from my call to perfect yard in less than 24 hours. Amazing service!!!  If your yard needs help u must call these guys
5 Found them on yelp. Very happy with service, timeliness and cost.  The workers were pleasant also and explained things I had questions about. Thanks Yelpers, this is a great find.
5 Great communication. They showed up when they said they would, the did a great job, and all of the yard waste was neatly piled for garbage collection. We will use them again and I have no hesitation in recommending them.
5 I was in desperate need to get my lawn serviced because I was going to get fined by my HOA. Ultimate Lawn Maintenance came that day and did my service. They lawn looks great and they make it really easy to pay/sign up for service. Thank you!!!
5 HOA's have some strict rules...As soon as I moved in I didn't want to rock the boat.  I had a doozy of a front and back yard needing some immediate care- dead plants and broken down trees everywhere!  Leaves embedded in between tiny rocks...a nightmare.  Blown out, dug out and trimmed to perfection- Ultimate Lawn Maintenance did everything they'ed promise and MORE!  Brian was professional, quick and thorough.  I called on a Saturday and Monday morning my entire yard back and front had been transformed.  Want cheap and mediocre?  Call someone else.  Want perfection, and very timely service?  Call ULTIMATE LAWN MAINTENANCE...NOW!
5 We previously used VIP Landscaping and thought we had a decent company. We had some irrigation drip problem and VIP gave us a quote. Well I'm glad we got a second opinion! Ultimate Landscaping quoted us at half the price and they did even more work. So then we asked about their landscaping price and again we were amazed how much cheaper they are than VIP. Been using them 3 months and I have no complaints! We've gone through three companies and Ultimate is by far the best.
5 I have a rental property and the yard was a overgrown. I didn't even need to let them know what I wanted done, it was completed just the way I expected. Thanks!
5 I had an issue with my HOA for cleanliness of the property and Brian came out the same day I called him and gave me a reasonable quote.   I asked him to complete the services and he did it the next day instead of the quoted weekend. This allowed me to clear up my violation quickly and his level of professionalism is great. He is responsive, calls back when he says he will and I would recommend him.
5 This is the second year I've used this company for a yard clean up. Brian is friendly and professional and his work is top notch. His prices are fair and my ability to pay online is very convenient.
5 A very responsive company. They're worth the extra money to save you some headaches. I have a rental property in Henderson, which is outside of their area. They were still willing to come out and trim up my landscaping regardless of this. When I first called Ultimate, they were out there the next day for an evaluation and price quote and the next day after that they came back out and did the work early in the morning.  They did everything I asked them to do. I definitely would use them again.
5 We have these guys out weekly. The price is right and they always go the extra mile. It always seams that when I see something that needs to be taken care of, when I go out to tell them during the service....they are already doing it. Thanks
5 If you are looking for a FANTASTIC lawn care company, call Ultimate Lawn Maintenance. These guys are good. The are the best in Las Vegas that I have found. A few weeks ago, I had a sprinkler head break and within a few hours it was replaced along with adjusting timer and every other sprinkler head. The price was fantastic. If your looking for true professionals call these guys!
5 This was the third company I called for a quote.  The other two completely blew me off and stood me up.  I was frustrated but Brian called me back almost immediately.  We were on a tight schedule and needed the work completed in just a few days.  Brian came out the next morning and gave me the quote.  I agreed to the work and he had his crew of 3 guys at our house the next day.  The were there for about an hour and did everything we expected.  They even checked all the drip lines to make sure all of plants were getting water.  I really appreciated his follow through and the company's work ethic.  We will be using them again in the future.
5 I called Ultimate Lawn Maintenance for a big lawn clean-up. Brian called back promptly and came out for an estimate.  The crew came out on the scheduled day and did a great job!  They tested and fixed my sprinklers, cleared out old debris, trimmed, mowed, etc.  I was pleased with the attention to detail - they didn't try to get away with doing the least possible.  I noticed a problem with a broken sprinkler line a few days later and they came back out to fix it.  I have now hired them for weekly care!
5 ULM absolutely came to our rescue at an unbeatable price. Our old lawn man stopped service while we were renting out our home and out of state. We were told that the weeds had grown out of control, and after getting ridiculously high estimates from other businesses I called ULM and Brian was wonderful! not only did he take a special trip to our side of town, he gave a great price I was comfortable with AND did everything when he said he would or sooner. I have started monthly service with him and would recommend that anybody who wants reliability at a fair price to go to him. Thank you Brian, You Are a Lifesaver!!!
5 ULM absolutely came to our rescue at an unbeatable price. Our old lawn man stopped service while we were renting out our home and out of state. We were told that the weeds had grown out of control, and after getting ridiculously high estimates from other businesses I called ULM and Brian was wonderful! not only did he take a special trip to our side of town, he gave a great price I was comfortable with AND did everything when he said he would or sooner. I have started monthly service with him and would recommend that anybody who wants reliability at a fair price to go to him. Thank you Brian, You Are a Lifesaver!!!
5 ULM absolutely came to our rescue at an unbeatable price. Our old lawn man stopped service while we were renting out our home and out of state. We were told that the weeds had grown out of control, and after getting ridiculously high estimates from other businesses I called ULM and Brian was wonderful! not only did he take a special trip to our side of town, he gave a great price I was comfortable with AND did everything when he said he would or sooner. I have started monthly service with him and would recommend that anybody who wants reliability at a fair price to go to him. Thank you Brian, You Are a Lifesaver!!!
5 These guys are awesome. I just bought a house and the landscape was a mess. I had a 25 foot tree that was pretty much dead and needed to be taken out. I called and Brian got back to me within minutes to setup an estimate. He had the tree taken out, replaced, and cleaned up the yard within a few days. It s looks great and it was super easy to deal with. This is my first house so I've never dealt with lawn care issues. Brian and his crew made it super easy. Thanks!
5 Brian and his crew are awesome.  Before the Ultimate Lawn Maintenance (ULM) crew arrived a couple of hours ago, our front yard and backyard were in pretty bad shape -- i.e., overgrown rosemary bushes, a palm tree with ghastly prawn stems jutting out, weeds here and there, a dead sapling, a dead bush, and a monster plant-like entity that had gone unnoticed for an untold amount of time (we're never in the backyard).  Now, a short while later, I can confidently say that our digs are the best on the street!    The guys from ULM were great, master wielders of service that's at once fast, mindful, and meaningful.  Not a single detail was missed.  They even capped unused irrigation heads!  Worthy to note, too, is the fact that Brian responded quickly to our initial contact attempt and had his crew at our house merely a few days later.  We'll be calling ULM again!
5 I have recently moved into a Rental Home and have no experience when it comes to maintaining a yard.  My front yard is desert landscaping with trees and bushes.  The leaves had fallen all over my rocks and my bushes had become completely unruly!  I yelped "Lawn Maintenance" because I couldnt get the leaves out of my rocky front yard, and I knew my HOA would have an issue with it.  I called Brian and he came out the same day and did a quote.   He was professional and courteous and gave me my quote and scheduled me the same day I called.  I was at work, but they came out and did my lawn and sent me a bill so I didnt have to come home from work and hassle with it.   I was SOO happy when I came home from work and saw all my bushes trimmed nicely and those pesky leaves out of my rocks. Thanks Ultimate Lawn Maintenace! Ill call again soon!
2 The owner Brian is so moody.  Once they came out I called with a minor complaint and he immediately said that no one ever complains and he was going to fire the crew.  That's not cool.  After that I never felt comfortable with his style and I stopped using them after a few months as we just didnt vibe.
2 So I found the flyer on my door a while back and decided to go for it.  I have a small lawn in back and rocks in front and back.  Minimal work needed.  Bi-weekly would have sufficed.  But I was told I had to have monthly at $100.00 as I also wanted pet cleaning done. Okay.  Started off great!  I was pleased with the work and seeing my lawn neatly maintained (very small area about 5 by 5 patch of grass) and the rocks all cleaned.  Then I noticed that weeds were growing.  I stayed home a couple of times on the day of service and no one showed.  When I complained I got the same response as another yelper "I'm going to fire the entire crew".  Why is that necessary?  Just put something in place to let the customer know that your crew actually showed up. Was told they changed my date.  They didn't show up on that date either.  But what did show up religously... that $100.00 per month statement in my email.  I took a photo of the weeds again and again the threat of terminating the entire 9 year crew being hurled through the phone.  Why would you do that?  Why not checks and balances?  Why not come and do spot checks on the customers and crew and make sure they are doing what they are supposed to.  Finally I gave up on the business relationship.  Three weeks later I get a $736.00 bill from Las Vegas Valley Water District.  A water bill that was normally $20.00 per month was up so high that the water company came to check and see if I was floating away or building an arc in my backyard.  Turns out, someone with "landscaping knowledge" turned on some knob outside of my house causing water to continuously run.  This has been happening for three weeks now which means I was showing water usage of 3000 gallons per day.  Strange coincidence I suppose.  But  I think I need to learn to pull weeds on my own for a while.
5 I needed some sprucing up of my front yard. Thanks to a dear friend who also used U.L.M., I called them up.  Convenience and workmanship is what afforded Brian and his team a 5 star rating.    I was able to text and send pictures to Brian of what my yard looked like and he responded in a timely manner with a quote and exactly what will be done to the yard.  My tree that made good shaded parking for other people other than myself and a big no no for HOA R&R, was now a tall slender looking banzai tree.   Ahhh-mazing is what my expression when I saw the tree for the first time.  The dead leaves were gone and so were the annoying weeds.  You can actually see the pebbles and rock features now.  Thanks Brian for a fantastic job!
5 I found this company on Yelp after calling several other landscaping companies and getting no response.  Brian returned my call in a timely manner.  He was professional, respectful and responsive.  His price was fair and equitable.  He is knowledgeable and educated me on my landscaping.  I am highly impressed with this company and definitely would use this company in the future.  Like them on Facebook!  This is an experienced, legitimate company (Clark County Business License)  Would definitely use them in the future.  Very happy customer.
5 I want to start by saying that's Brian an his crew are Miracle workers. I needed major work done on the front an backyard. So I looked on yelp an liked  the reviews I saw on them. I was still skeptical as I new this was a big job. I called Brian an he was very nice an listened to what I needed. We set up a time for him to come out an give me an estimate on all the stuff I needed done which let me say was a lot. When he came out he was very professional an listened to exactly what I needed. The quote for all the work they had to do which included trimming palm tress, new bushes, pulling weeds an massive leaves all over the desert landscaping among so much other stuff was very good. Well when the crew came out by the time they got done I couldn't believe my eyes. It was beautiful. They did an amazing job. I would recommend them to everyone. If you want your lawn done the right way then these guys are the ones to hire. Look no further. Thanks Brian for a beautiful job. I am looking forward to you keeping it up every month..
5 Ultimate Lawn Care is the best in the valley. They answer the phone when you call (not the case with everyone in this town), they are responsive, do an amazing job and the prices are reasonable. I highly recommend Brian and his team.
4 My frontyard and backyard needed some maintenance and my sister-in-law used Ultimate Lawn Maintenance in the past.  I called Brian to come out and provide a quote.  He was on-time and professional.  I appreciated him answering my various questions.  Since his crew was in the area already, Brian was able to schedule me in during the afternoon.  His crew did a good job and I was satisfied with the service.  I will consider using this company to provide lawn care for my house on a quarterly basis.
5 Brian and his crew have done my yard and a friends yard for over a year.  They are available in the Henderson area, are open on weekends, and do a great job at a fair price.  I have called twice on very short notice and they have my estimate and service done within 24 hours.  Highly recommended!
5 We had a bit of a mix up toward the beginning regarding schedule and services, but everything got worked out and I didn't have to worry about anything after that. Service was done on time and my yard looked great every week.
5 My husband and I have no yard experience so our rental house was in... not great shape (overgrown bushes and tree, a couple of dead plants, weeds).  I'd been trying to do it myself but was pretty over my head.  We found Ultimate on Yelp and called Brian who made contact and went by our house the same day, texted a quote to my husband and had his crew out a couple of days later.    His guys were wonderful - they arrived a bit early and got right to work.  A bit less than three hours later and the bushes are trimmed, dead plants removed, all the weeds are gone and they took out all of our neighbor's bushes and trees that were hanging over onto our yard and driveway.  I was sure given how much work there seemed to be that we'd end up coming in a bit over the original estimate... just got the invoice today and it's under what we were quoted!  We are so happy with them we've signed up for monthly maintenace services to keep it looking nice and tidy.   If you need quality work done quickly definitely call Brian
5 I wanted to provide an update on the service that Brian and Ultimate Lawn Maintenance has provided for me.   Since my initial review, I had to move out of state and rent my two properties.  Brian has done routine maintenance on both properties while I have been several hours away and could not see the work he was completing.    Recently I made a visit to Las Vegas and went by both properties to find that the yards were the best manicured lots on the street!    They say a good judge of character is how you act when people aren't looking.  In the case of Brian and Ultimate Lawn Maintenance, they perform amazing work even when you aren't there to see it yourself.  A true profession and I will be a loyal customer of his!
5 After seeing the glowing reviews on this website , I decided to give Ultimate a try when my front irrigation valve went bad. I also hired him to do a full cleanup on my yard.  When I got home it was the best I have ever seen my yard look. The new valve works again too. He exceeded our expectations! I'm looking forward to him coming back!! Thank you!
5 I've been using Brian and his guys for 2 years now...they do a spectacular job every time and it's really affordable..the great thing too is that I basically communicate through text message with him which is very easy for me so it's super convenient  You guys do a great job every time talk about people that do their job right   awesome
5 Wow! I am IMPRESSED! If you've ever tried to hire a landscaper in Vegas, you may have gone through what WE did - it seems no one needs the work! They don't call back, don't show up, etc... and if they do, they're a few days late and do an iffy job (or worse). Finally, I came to Yelp, desperately looking for someone who would get the job done, and done right, as our yard had become an eyesore. Not only did Brian IMMEDIATELY get back to us, his team showed up a day earlier than promised (with notice, however), and did -BY FAR- the best job of the 4 or 5 previous companies we've used, and at a very competitive price. We called him Monday, and today is Thursday - NICE! I came home today to find the crew had done everything we asked, and it was LONG overdue, so I had sympathy for how much work there was to do. Brian texts regularly, stays on top of his customer service, and bills exactly as quoted. I've trained customer service reps for over 28 years, so it drives me NUTS when I don't get good service. We just signed up for regularly scheduled visits from Ultimate Lawn Maintenance, and I'm delighted to finally have found our "regular guy", so our yard can ALWAYS look good. Thank you, Brian, and thank your team for me, as well!
5 We hired Ultimate Lawn Maintenance to clean up our yard.  They responded to our call and texts right away.  My husband sent pictures and we got a response and estimate right away, and came out two days later. They team showed up right on time.  The yard looks amazing, and took all the debris with them.  The guys were friendly and professional.  We have had some terrible experiences in the past. These guys were great.  I think whether you need a clean-up like we did or regular yard maintenance this is the company for you.
5 Very fast to respond to text messages. Had service the very next day and it looks awesome! It took way less time than I expected. They came early and didn't even bug me to let me know they were there. :) So glad that we decided to go with them!
1 Looking at all if the reviews I thought this would be the perfect choice for my landscaping needs. I am looking to do additional landscaping in the very near future with getting some grass put down and was looking to discuss both transactions to get things rolling. So Friday I call- no answer. Went to voicemail. So I waited about an hour and called back. This time I left a message with my number and my address in case they wanted to check out the place before any quotes were given. Here we are on Tuesday and still haven't been contacted at all in any way. I have a few other places bookmarked that I'll contact now but this was the best rated so I figured this was the best choice hands down. Business must be good I guess.
5 Brian and his guys are so prompt, easy and thorough. It was $130 for them to pull the weeds, pick/blow debris, add weed repellent in my yard. I have desert landscaping which makes it more of a challenge but they were on it. It took the five of them all of 20 min to tag team it. Brian was really on it as well. It was really convenient because I texted him late Saturday with photos of my place, he sent me back a quote promptly, he had his guys to my place by Monday morning AND he followed up to make sure I was pleased afterwards. I was surely pleased. Haha. :)
5 Just moved to Las Vegas into a rental house with a mess of a backyard and am expected by the landlord to keep it maintained.  With the help of previous Yelp reviews, I called Ultimate Lawn Maintenance.  I received a response to a voicemail within 5 minutes of leaving it and had a visit scheduled for an estimate to occur within 3 days.  As it turned out, when they had an opening to do the estimate early, they actually came a day earlier then planned.  They provided a very reasonable estimate for mostly a clean-up and weed control (no lawns) and fit me into their schedule only two days later.  I am very happy with the timeliness of the interactions, scheduling and final outcome.  The weeds are all gone, the drip lines have all been checked.  I'm definitely committing to a monthly visit from them (very affordable) to keep it looking great.
5 Been working with Brian for almost 2 years now.  His guys always go a great job.  He serviced my old rental and my new house.  His prices are great and his guys to a great job.  I like that he sends me a text letting me know the night before his crew shows up.  It's those little details that make you feel like more than a customer.  Keep it up Brian!
5 This is a great lawn service.  Brian came to the rescue back in 2013 when a water main broke after a rough winter in Vegas.  He fixed it and I ended up hiring him for his monthly service.  I'm currently renting out my home in Vegas while living out of state, but this is no problem for Ultimate Lawn.  All communication was done via email, text or phone.  Easy billing, fair pricing, stellar customer service.  Trust me, hire this company and get the HOA's off your back.  Ultimate lawn is where it's at.    Thanks Brian!  Update - I just recommended Ultimate Lawn to the owners of a home I just sold after finding out they received HOA violations for shrubs two weeks after the sale.  Hopefully they'll do their due diligence and get Ultimate Lawn there ASAP.
