4 I like this place so far. I did a pedicure with my boyfriend. He loved it. They use these warm rocks to massage your legs with. I liked the pedicure. I do wish they got more of the dry skin off though. I later got a full set acrylic and love it. I went to Victoria who pays attention to detail. All in all, this place has good service. If you have any problems with your nails they will correct it with no problems! I will be going back here for my nails.
4 Decided  on a day of pampering for a friends birthday so we found and Luxury Nais and Spa was near my place.   Went it on a Monday afternoon. The price was not bad at all $19 for a pedicure. The place was clean and sanitized and the employees was nice and friendly.   Would definitely go back as a regular.
5 This is the type of place I've been looking for!! I am an Orange County, CA girl that have recently moved to Vegas. I get my nails done every 2 weeks at my place. Its Cheap but QUALITY SERVICE! Also the only place that hasn't sliced my flesh. So you can understand that me branching out to find something new is frightening for me. Also I paid only $28 for a mani and pedi (their spa package).  Luxury Nails and Spa. HOLY! MOLY! BEST IN VEGAS! For local shop for sure. You get a mani-pedi for $30 and it includes hot stone massage for your foot AND callus removal included. Which usually is an additional $5 anywhere.   The location is kind of in the middle of nowhere where the businesses are slower, but for an asian salon it is cleaner than most. Which is important because some are...well sadly.. not hole in the walls but shit on the walls. So it was very important to me to share this since Escape Nail Salon has the best rating for a local salon. I had a guy do my nails there and it TOOK FOREVER and cut my Toe!! blood! I hate blood! ahh. That happened at the 2nd chance I gave them. First time a girl took almost 2 hours just to do my manicure. I'm like.. wtf is going on here? I gots to go.  So I hope this helped someone find a wonderful local nail salon and a price that they should be!! Not $40 to just do your nails on the strip. YUCK!
3 Average nail place, in my opinion... BUT, the prices are a whole lot cheaper than anywhere else I've gone!  They do a good enough job, nothing extra special.  Again, just average.    I do suggest going right when they open since they're always crowded.  I'm sure its because of the low prices.
4 Went in to get a pedicure and didn't expect a hot stone massage as well. They did a great Job with very cute nail designs
5 Seriously the best service and experience I ever had in getting a manicure and pedicure. The last time I did both mani/pedi was in OC and seriously the polish came off the very next day and the nail tech blamed me saying it was the oil from my face that transfered to my fingers that made the polish come off?!!? YEA Freakin' Riiight. There goes my ex's kind gesture for trying to make me feel special and pretty for a day. Luckily I gave her a second chance to redo it and it lasted longer than a day... thank goodness! Oh yes, I've been dramatized too from getting my flesh cut open before, oh that sting!! Literally your body goes in shock mode seeing your blood then you feel numb/minty at the same time from witnessing a brutal slice of carelessness. Soooo... finding a trustworthy place that you don't have to be paranoid about is right over here.  I had a last minute audition to model shoes for Chinese Laundry... so I frankly looked on yelp for a place that was near me that had some good reviews.   I called the spa and David answers... politely told me to just come down now and he can do my nails... mind you it's an hour before they close. Well he said yes, so off I went.   I was greeted and asked me what I would like done today. I told the lady at front that I had an appointment with David. Then he came out and that's when it all began.. beautifying my toes.   I told David my situation and he went to town with my feet like he was competing to win a grand prize for "the best pretty feet award." Yup, if I was a judge.. he sure had my vote.. hands down. I was astonished by how diligent and kind he was in wanting to help me with my audition tomorrow. He was genuinely nice and happy as can be even when he was working so very hard to make them look exceptionally flawless. That's just impressive and admirable to me. He didn't even care that the store was closing, he just concentrated on one thing.. my toes. We even had short talks and laughs in between all this transformation. He even helped me pick out my nail polish color since I told him I need a neutral/flesh tone and BAM! He picked a color that was perfect for me.   I never in my life had a hot stone foot massage while getting a mani/pedi before. It was a very special moment, since I felt like I was getting a five star treatment and I finally understood what the true meaning of being pampered was by coming here.   I even asked him how come he worked so hard on my feet, since I never received that kind of service before. He laughed and told me because you have an important day tomorrow and he wants my feet to look its very best so I can get booked. He was so encouraging and wished me luck. He told me... "you never know, if you don't try." He made me feel like a champ... feet champ that is! YEAAaaa!! *toe pump in the air :) My feet were audition ready and I was a happy bunny leaving that place. I could have skipped all the way to my car to express my gratitude of what he done for me. Now you can't beat that.. paying $30 for all this experience!! Thank you so much to David for taking care of my feet and beautifying them to the fullest.   My journey to "Happy Feet."
5 I love Diana! She's the best!!! Great customer service and great spa pedicure. They even massage u with hot rocks! And prices are cheap with all this extra service :-) I will never go anywhere else
5 Went once again with my boyfriend. This time no hot rocks but we got the parafin wax on our pedis. It cost a little more but it  was nice. We both love how soft our feet are. David and Ann hooked us up. They are nice too. I usually go to Victoria for my nails. She's great! Give it a try if you're in the area. You won't be dissapointed and if you are, they'll take care of you.
4 Luxury Nails=Jackpot!  We were on our way to Vegas and had to stop for a mani/pedi. There are no trees to climb in Vegas to file our fingers and toes, so this was a mandatory stop.   I Yelped in the hopes of finding a decent salon.  The fear of being cut and left to bleed can be a nightmare.  I searched and read as many reviews as I could in the car, but landed on Luxury's review and thought this is it...we're headed to Luxury.  I have to mention that the foot model's review steered us to Luxury and now we were left wondering whether she was booked for the Chinese Laundry job or not.   The spa/salon is clean and there's no chitter chatter among the employees.  It can be completely annoying when their attention is not on you and the rest and relaxation you deserve. I appreciate that they work on your fingers and toes separately - you go from massage spa chair to nail station.  As I type this review, it's now a week later, since my visit and there are no chips or dents on my fingers or toes! YES! The only downfall was the foot massage - wasn't long enough and didn't work those hot stones to their potential.  Regardless of this, the quality of the polish and pleasant vibe is worth coming back to ...when I come to Vegas, of course. One thing, what was with the handbags and purses shoved in the back?  They should probably park the handbag rack in the front because honestly it was in the way of the polish shelves.
4 Okay, so we're driving thru the desert, and in dire need of a mani pedi. We don't want to spend the strip prices for a mani pedi that we'll spend tons of money for it to look chipped and nasty before our gambling weekend has even come to a close. I would rather blow the money on the tables or in some video machine that will drive me insane. So, as I drive, JG reads the foot model's glowing review of Luxury Nails.   By the end of her reading, I half expect her to be married, or at least dating David, the guy that so carefully gave her her mani pedi, but later, I find out this is not the case.   I actually got David, who was very good. Even though I am not a foot model (or any model for that matter) my hands and feet were in good hands. The nail polish has just started to chip (two weeks after the fact) and my feet still look pretty good.   Now, the only down was that it is kind of out of the way. If you are driving on the freeway and google map it, it tells you to take the freeway, although I think it is faster if you take Tropicana West instead.   If you are looking for something closer to the strip, this might no be your place, but it was worth the extra mileage on the car to get a quality mani pedi.
2 I went to this place because of the rave reviews, but I was pretty disappointed. They didn't have a lot of nail color options in the high-end brands (Essie, OPI). The manicure was quick and didn't use high-quality products.  The worse thing, though, is that my polish started chipping two days later, and every nail was chipped within four days. Sure, it was cheap, but a manicure that only lasts two days is not worth $14 to me.
4 Love the overall design of the place. Friendly staff. Some work better than the other (always like that) but the prices are reasonable
4 My mom and I just happened to walk into this nail salon that is just around the corner from her house for both of us to get pedicures.  We were impressed.   The fact that they only charge $19 for their spa pedicure was a great deal.  The girls that worked on us, I believe Diana and Victoria, were super talkative and very pleasant. They took their time and gave us a good experience.  Their spa pedi includes a nice warm stone massage and hot towel (some places charge extra for perks like that) and they also offer a deluxe pedi for $29 with a nice scrub and paraffin wax treatment.  The place is small and friendly and can't be beat for the price.
2 Seemed like she cut too much of my cuticles on the side of my fingers.  It almost seemed like she wasn't being careful and was rushing.  Maybe it was because I got there an hour before closing time.  The lady was really nice, no doubt but the quality of work just doesn't cut it for me.  I've had better experience in other Nail Salons.  I just thought with the reviews I got from here, it would measure up.  This is a classic proof that we should always try out a place for ourselves before believing anything we read on any review sites.
4 My regular nail salon plainly because of their pedicures! & for the price ($18)! The massage chairs are nice, the staff is REALLY friendly and easy to talk to. That's what I liked about this salon. I hate when you walk into a nail salon & all the workers are talking to each other the entire time, & not their clients. Irritates the heck out of me. Anyways, they do a hot stone massage followed by a hot towel rub. When they're massaging my feet, I feel like I don't want them to ever stop! Lol!  Their full sets are okay depending on whom you get. The girls are very good, the guy has his off days. But they're all very nice. Great customer service.
4 The only  reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because they don't use a razor blade and my trucker feet need to be razored.  For real.  Beyond that, this place was crazy awesome.  Saturday night 6 p.m., I realize that my pedicure did not survive my recent trip to Kentucky and my feet needed a little TLC.  I found this place on Yelp! thanks to the great reviews and the fact that it stays open until 7:30, later than most nail salons.  When I walked in at 6:50, I expected to be turned away, since they close at 7:30.  Nearly every pedicure chair was full.  Now I know why.  This place had several staffers and was pretty roomy compared to most nail salons.  It also appeared very clean.  For $18.99 you get a hot stone pedicure.   Which means in addition to a regular pedicure, the pedicurist massages your legs with a hot stone and then hot towels.  It's as awesome as it sounds.  So relaxing.  Someone also walked in at 7:15 for a pedicure, and they were taken care of.  I moved from the Eastside a few months ago and have driven across town every two weeks to see my regular pedicurist.  She does a great job but gas is getting ridiculous, so I may take turns using Luxury and my regular.   I had some trouble finding the right parking lot to turn into, but I can get lost in a parking lot.  For the price and the great hot stone massage, I will definitely be returning.
5 This place deserves 5 stars! The treatment there was terrific it not like your usual nail shop. They actually talk to their clients!!!!! I've been to alot of places that either they all speak a different language and don't even bother to speak to except for "how is it going?" and "your done"..they actually care about their clients!! I had Diana and let me tell you she was spectacular she made me feel like I was welcomed. I read all the reviews before going there and the one thing that stuck out to me were: 1. a medi/pedi is $30 2. They use hotstone when massaging your feet which is included in the pedicure which by itself is $18.99 and  3. They do a callouses removal included as well.   That alone had me drive out there and that a 30 min drive from my house and I WILL BE RETURNING AGAIN!
1 THIS PLACE IS FILTHY! I dont know what kind of salons these other reviewers are used to but this place is disgusting. The customer service was way below sub standard and the pedi was something i could do better.  I honestly think the other reviews were written either by employees of the salon or their family
5 OK,SO, I've been to enough places where the chatter allows your aesthetician to slip up and cut you on several occasions, this is not one of them. I had the older sir, I think it was Hoa Van Le. What a gentleman,seriously.  I went in for a spa pedi and they talked me into a mani too. what the hell. I have pretty nice feet-no callouses, rough patches,cracks, etc., but I still got the royal treatment. For $25, I got the jet bath in the massage chair, trimmed and sanded nails, a salt scrub, a mint mask, a hot rock massage and lotion. omg. Then I got my mani,which again, he was very gentle and precise. Took his time and massaged my hands.  OPI russian navy is what I'm sporting. I had this, stupid grin on my face most of the time I was there. Anyway,I loved it and would return to see him.
5 I took my mom here as an alternative to be screwed over by Destination Academy. They canceled my appointment 30 minutes before I was suppose to take my mom there so I went on Yelp to search for a nail place that would accept walk ins right away. I called Luxury nails and they said I could come in right away, no problem at all.  I set my mom up for a spa pedicure for around 18 bucks which included a hot stone massage (VERY cheap price for Vegas) and left her for about 30-45 minutes so they could work their magic. When I came back she was ecstatic and SO happy with my birthday present to her. She probably hasn't had a professional pedicure since the last time we went to the Philippines and not only did I get her a spa pedicure, but an extremely awesome and rejuvenating one at that. They worked a miracle on her feet. I'll admit, her feet were pretty bad before I took her there. She had calluses off the shindig and I didn't think it was possible to fix that up. When I came to pick her up and looked at her feet, they looked better than mine. It seriously looked like they lost about 10 years and I am NOT kidding.   I guess everything happens for a reason, because if I wasn't screwed over last minute, I wouldn't have found this gem. I'm so happy with their service and what they did for my mom. She couldn't stop thanking me and looking down at her feet, it was awesome. When I move back to Vegas permanently, this will definitely be our monthly place for getting our nails done.
2 I like my pedicures like I like my movies: long and satisfying.  I was so excited to try this place out even though I'm happy with my usual lady, because of the fabulous reviews. I made an appointment since everybody said it can get busy, but I ended up being the only one there. I was in and out within 45 minutes (including about 10 minutes for drying time) and left quite disappointed because I don't think I got the TLC my toes needed.  The hot stone massage that everybody is raving about lasted 4 minutes total which is way less than I'm accustomed to. My toes weren't filed straight and when my big toe had a weird scuff in the polish, he just painted another 2 layers on it. I ended up going running 3 hours later and the polish apparently still wasn't dry so it got messed up and I had to repaint everything  the next day. Unfortunately, this ended up being a total waste of money.
2 Took my sisters here for their birthdays yesterday and it was okay. Got really busy. My sister's mani pedi turned out horrible. 2 hrs after her nails where completed. She looked at her toes and they were all smudged and damaged. She wore flip flops and her nails were drying for over an hour while I got my nails done. Sucks that it is out of the way because I would like for them to re do her nails and refund me. I didn't pay $30 to make my sister's birthday a horrible time.
5 Seriously, for the price, and the great service, I love this place. It's waaaaay out of my way, but I don't care.  They do a great job, and are friendly. I really feel like they enjoy their job, unlike many other places I've been to, where they ignore you and make you feel uncomfortable. I've had several different people work on my hands and feet, and they're all great!
5 My review needs to be updated because since September of 2011, I've been getting gel nails here.  Both Diana and Joanna do a fabulous job.  I made the mistake of cheating with another salon because I needed my nails done in a rush and my nails were ruined.  Spent several weeks hiding my head in shame and finally went in just for a pedicure.  When Diana saw my nails, she told me she could make them look good.    After I left, I had some cute, short gel nails and a pedicure and had learned a valuable lesson:  Don't go anywhere else for gel nails!
1 Came here since it has such good reviews.The guy I had appointment with for acrylic nails didn't know what to do when I showed him the pic(oblique  three color nails) so some other lady had to do it.so first I wanted three colors but when she told me its gonna cost me $80 I decided to with two and had to pay $70 instead WOW. I think she didn't feel like doing what I wanted that's why she gave me that price but I didn't have time to go now where else so I stayed.Was pretty happy how she did my nails until two days later when two of them fell off in my sleep!!!!!
4 Amazing experience!! Went there after reading the other reviews and was impressed. Gel manicure $25 Spa pedicure $19
4 The price, amazing. The quality of people working there, super. The pedicure, mediocre (but for $19 bucks what do you expect?).
1 They charged us $10 for polka dots for my 15 year old daughter toes. They did not warn us about the extra charge. We would have willingly paid $5 like the typical charge for an elaborate design - but $10 for polka dots without warning that's a rip off I won't go back and I'd suggest u don't try it EVER
5 It's memorial day weekend and they were open! That is already 5 star in my book. Thought I would try this place out after ready the reviews on yelp, and I have to say I made a good choice! All my 20 digits were in dire need of some TLC so I had to indulge myself in the $30 spa pedi & mani special! The spa pedi was heavenly, they used hot stones to massage my legs, and they really scrubbed my feet, my mani was awesome too! Needless to say I was a happy camper, and so were my newly polished & pretty nails. This is what I call 5star service for a 3star price! I will definitely be back, I am just happy I finally found a go to nail salon close to my house!
1 This place is opposite of luxury. For gods sakes the pedi chairs had holes in em!!! I walked in for a full set, didnt get a friendly greeting... Which I let slide because I wanted to at least see the quality of the work they'll produce since this salon had so many good reviews... The set took an hour and a half... No clue why. They had a 19.99 special and mine with a tip was $35. Which you know how they add on $5 here $5 there... Whatever!!!! The breaking point came 5 days later when my index nail jut split in half. He had shaved off so much acrylic that the damn nail broke while I was trying to open up my window. Never again. I do my nails twice a month and I know just a tiny bit when someone effs them up!
1 MY BIG TOE IS CRUSTING AND INFECTED.   I get my nails done atleast twice a month and here, you definitely get what you pay for. My lasted maybe 40 minutes, which is not normal for a regular pedicure, I got a girl named Cindy. She rushed my pedicure, I could tell. I do have ingrown toemails that I told her about before we started. She did not take them out, but i was not in the mood to complain that day, I could tell that her and the other manicurist were talking trash about my friend and I. Also I have dry heels, and usually when they put the callus remover, and scrub it would come off..if they are really bad normally they would offer a blade, to take them off. Ya, I walked out with dry heels and scales of them half taken off.. I was so upset. They were not helpful, about color choices or anything, and in general not someone you could even talk to. The massage part of my pedicure was so short, and it felt like she was just running her hands up and down my leg, it was a little awkward.   Towards the end of my pedicure, she still had not put my flip flops on and had the separators in my toes, it had already been 20 minutes and no one came back to me to say you can go, nails are dry, nothing. I could have just walked out, and been ok...which i regret not doing.   Its day three of my pedicure and my big toe is swollen, watering and crusting. I have no idea what that girl did or if they didnt wash tools. ITS DISGUSTING, and i called to talk to the manager, Joanne i think her name was...and answered the phone saying, "What do you want" and said, "oh that's nothing just put some triple anti-biotic on it, it will heal in 3 days"   NEVER AGAIN.
5 Victoria thank you!!!! I was visiting from Hawaii and she did my mani/pedi with gel!  she is wonderful!!!!!   I love my new look!  always did full sets and never had gels done before.  I'm never going back to acrylics after having this done.  totally recommend going to this nail salon!
2 What I have to say about this place: "=______________=".... As I was getting my manicure done, I was already preparing my yelp review in my head. Initially I was super pleased with how everything was going, and the man who did my nails was so patient in removing the gel manicure than I had on before. i HAD wanted to give them 5 stars. However, the horrors started the day after. Literally the next day, the whole manicure chipped off like crazy with half of the polish already gone. When I tried to remove the polish with nail polish remover, it wouldn't come off! It took some craaaazy scrubbing with acetone to scrap it all off my nail. I have no idea what he used, but it wasn't a normal top coat. If he wanted to use something special on my nail, I wish he would have told me before I almost removed my nail trying to remove the polish. For reference, I just asked for a regular french manicure.
5 After reading other reviews I decided to come here.  Not being a girly girl I didn't really know what I wanted done with my nails and they were very nice and helped me decide without seeming annoyed.  I love my new nails and will continue to come back
5 I don't know why there are so many bad experiences...I had 2/2 good ones. Went today for same thing, spa pedi and mani, it only costs $30 ! How can you complain about that? You even get hot rocks massage and hot towels on your feet,love!  Also I did not get cut once! thanks Thrinihty...I think that's how it was spelled,cute girl.  Tattoos and gorgeous burgundy hair :D  They do gels now, $30 for full set. Think I may try that soon. They have a lot of colors. I know they are open even on some holiday, but today was a nice slow Friday, I had no wait time at 11:30am. Love this place. the price and the hot rocks keep me returning.
4 Can't say I've ever had problems with my nails when I come here to get them done. I've come here five or six times and only once had an issue, and it was just that my polish was coming off after only two weeks on my acrylics. But I work a lot with my hands and my job requires me to move around a lot, so two weeks with great looking nails at my job is spectacular!  I am pretty neutral with the staff here. They really only talk a lot with regular customers. You come in and get out, which is nice because you're not there forever.  They charge $19 for a spa pedicure with a hot rock massage and polish. Sometimes when it's busy it's a little short, but if you come on a Sunday or when they are slow it's really nice. My feet always feel great afterward.  They also only charge $19 for a full set, which is a great price! Best in town I've seen so far! They're not even badly done, actually they're really great and I've never had a problem with them. They do them so well I come back every time I get my nails done! I do almost always get a design, though, so I pay $24. I think they charge like $13 for a manicure.  Overall, this is a great place because their work is good and their prices are cheap.
4 I luv this place. My husband joined me this time around, doesn't hurt for a man to pamper his feet now n then. It was a lil quicker than normal today but toes look great!
2 This is one place you can say you get what you pay for.
1 Had a pedicure done here and it lasted all of 15min. The tech rubbed my legs/feet with the hot stones but didn't really massage with them. At the end of my pedicure I was left to put my sandals on myself and had to find a tech to pay. Needless to say this was my first and last visit to this nail salon.
4 After refusing to pay $50 plus tip for gel nails in my current neighborhood I stumbled upon this place on Yelp and gave it a try! The manager was very friendly and helpful! They have a huge selection of colors for gel nails, almost too many for the indecisive, haha! Overall, I had a great experience and got a mani (gel nails) and a pedi for $50, in a clean salon with great service! I will go back again!
5 Ive been coming here for a while, and I definitely recommend making an appointment with Trinity. She's very patient and does a really great job with gel polish.  The prices are fair and everyone is pretty friendly and helpful. they have a ton of gel colors which you can mix and match. try to make an appointment since they do get pretty busy.
2 I have a couple of problems with this spot:  1.  Service  Not friendly and not personable.  The last time I was here, my tech finished, and just left me in the chair.  Not a word, nothing like "bye" or, "I'll be back."  So, ten minutes later, I put on my shoes and paid.  Weird.  2.  Work  I think I'm done with their pedicures.  I mean, they get the nail polish on correctly, but the rest is pretty crap.  They do the least amount of work possible.  I also once got an infection from this spot.  Why do I go back, what is wrong with me???  3.  Decor/Equipment  The massage chairs make weird grinding noises.  Everything looks dated. Blech.  Overall, we all can do better than this place.  Try the seven million other nail spas in Vegas.
4 Great service. Even talked my male roommate into a pedicure! Will defiantly go back
1 I went in after reading the reviews on yelp, cause it sounded pretty good. I asked them if they could give me a full set but I wanted black with matte black tips. The man, Ahn I think his name was said he could do it. Well he definitely was lying. My nails look terrible the tips are uneven and you can barely tell it's matte. & even the plain black is bad. The sides aren't colored and you can still see my nail under the black paint. Definitely not what I paid $50 for. Worst nail experience I've had.
4 Mani/pedi for about $35 score! They have a spa pedi special for $20 which totally worth it. Place is pretty clean and they always do a great job. Love this place.
3 I dunno.. This place was neither good nor bad- it was simply average. Although, I very much appreciated that this place was open on a Sunday, as I find that most places are not.   I had a Mani/pedi w/gel hand polish only- $43! Plus tip- not bad at all. The clinician did a great gel polish and there were a variety of nice colors. There was nothing special about the mani or pedi - no fancy scrub gel, no massage, nothin! It was all very short and boring. Overall staff was friendly except my clinician was not personable, barely said a word even though he spoke English quite well when he did.   The place seemed neat and clean. The massage chairs were not that great, seemed old and run down.   In the end I was satisfied that I was out in an hour and it was fairly cheap. I might come here again but not my first choice.
1 Rude!!! I called and was told they made me an appt and I've been moved from table to table and other people just walk ins have been put in my place to get worked on first.  I cancelled a 430 appt to get in sooner somewhere else just to freaking sit here for 45 minutes.  Ridiculous.  Never coming here again, I actually am not even going to stay I'm just going to leave and give my business to someone else.
4 Very good pricing with great customer service! I am always an in and out person and need fastness. They always know I am in a hurry, and always accommodate my time. It is a very average nail salon, but the quality of my pedicure and nails last 3 weeks. Diane and Cindy are my favorite;) but everyone else is still good!!
1 Terrible service! We came in at 130 pm, they asked us to come back at 3 pm. We did, however they were still packed.  We waited another 40 minutes while other people came in and were treated before me. I was in chair first,  but they started on my friend before me too. The owner came over to take my polish off, and I told him I no longer wanted his services since he was making us wait so long. He told me all the other people had appointments too. I told him he shouldn't have made our appointments for this time then, which was actually 30 minutes before all the other ones.  Yelling and being rude to customers is not the way to do business.  My time is just as valuable.  Will never come back, I prefer a place that always shows respect to their customers!
5 Always always always do they do a great job! The selection they have is overwhelming! Best shop ever!
3 The best thing about this salon was Diana and now she is at Rainbow Nails on West Flamingo.  So that is where I will be going from now on.
4 It's always difficult when you move somewhere new and you have to find a new place to get your nails done that you love and will frequent often.  This place is close to home and I thought I would give it a try since I saw the mani/pedi was good pricing.  I usually just go get a pedicure but I've done the mani/pedi combo and an eyebrow wax.  The nail color selection is vast and has good brand polishes.  The massage chairs are new and nice and the whole place is clean and comfortable.  The customer service is AWESOME!! I've never met a nicer staff, the manager is super duper nice and tries his best to please his customers.  My service has always been good and my toes look great and last a couple weeks (without gel).  The pedi even has some hot stone massage action in there which is a nice bonus!! I think they do a great job and the pricing is very good compared to other places.  The wax was pretty painless and shaped very nicely.  I come here often just as a walk in and it isn't a 5 star review only due to timing.  Sometimes, when they are busy you have to wait awhile to get an available seat and they don't rush the service (which is a good thing so they can do a good job) but I feel it's totally worth it here.  Once they stayed open later till me and a friend were done, which was very nice and weren't rushed out due to closing.  This is my go to place for nails and now waxing and I would recommend their services.  I need to try their fancier services though and gel nails which I am dying to try.  They seem to have many regulars too!
5 Back again. New chairs new tables but still the best service! Love coming here! Already thinking about my next color!
5 It's a family run nail salon always get great service from pedicure to manicure wife loves the place
5 I wasn't sure about this place but have been looking for a spot close to us.  I decided to give them a try and am so glad that I did!  They were very fast and did a fantastic job.  I had David and will definitely go again!
1 I liked the service but the quality is the worst! One week later and they were lifting...two popped off and all my toes...the polish gone. I've gotten my nails done for 20 + years and went to the same place for 18 of those....moved to Vegas and struggle. So disappointed. :(  plus the day that I had them done I had to file off chunks of gel off the sides because they were so sloppy. Had I noticed before I left I would if made them fix them...plus the girl didn't listen to me when I told her I didn't want white tips and pushed me to let her...well she had to take them off...they looked horrible...Never going back
