5 When it comes to getting my dry cleaning done, nothing beats going down to Everkleen on the corner of Spencer and Serene. Here are my reasons why I love them so much:  -They have a 48/hr turn around time on clothes but can rush it if you really need it.  -There staff are very friendly and take the time to remember who you are.  -Alterations are fairly quick and cheaper then a few of the places by my house.  -I really do not care for the big chain dry cleaners like Al Phillips.   So if you need some dry cleaning done, you now know where to go!
4 One of the best cleaners in town.  Good turn around time on almost everything.  They do rushes and even alterations, although, Linh's is closest to my house and she is fantastic.  Everkleen is good about the products they use on the clothing as well and willing to go over any questions you may have.
1 My husband brought our dry cleaning to Everkleen for the first time.  When he got the clothes back, he brought back a sweater that wasn't mine.  I was nice enough to go there to exchange it, and the lady that worked there didn't even thank me for giving it back to her, but said instead "I've been looking for this.  I think I gave you an extra piece, didn't I?"  What? No apologies, no signs of remorse that they had misplaced my clothes. They counted the clothes when they are dropped off, then they counted when they give us back the clothes.  She asked for my phone # and asked about the article of clothing she had misplaced.   She said she will call me the same day.  8 days later, no phone call, I decided to call them.  What irked me is that over the phone, again, no apologies, she simply said she already called me, the sweater is there, why didn't I go pick it up?  I never got a call or a message, my husband never got a call from them either.  This is not the kind of customer service that would keep people coming back.   I will not do business here again. I have a feeling that if they had lost your clothing, they would just give you a blank stare that says "TOO BAD!"  and that is just unacceptable to me.
