5 Ray is a very good mechanic.  He has the experience and knows how to solve problems.  I take my sled to Attitude for general maintenance, and will take it in to upgrade to a 6-speed tranny.  I highly recommend Ray's shop:  Attitude Custom Cycles.
4 I dropped my bike off spur of the moment and they hooked it up. Only wish they would have know more about British bikes and then I would have given them a 5 star rating. I will definitely be back though. These guys are professional and very courteous.
5 Went back 3 days ago to have it serviced and they took care of it quick snap! They also showed me why my brakes had been making a bad noise, I had almost NO BRAKE PAD LEFT. So now I am going back tomorrow to have them install some new pipes and new brake pads. Nobody else in Las Vegas wants to even attempt to work on a British bike but these guys jumped all over it! Don't waste your time with Harley if you have a British bike, they will make you feel stupid. Bring it to the guys at Arlen Ness or "A Team" as they are now called.
4 The service dept does a stellar job!
5 I'm a female with a Piaggio (not to many mechanics can or will work on this type of bike) -and the ones who did were horrible.  When you have a bad experience you certainly can appreciate a good one.    A-Team was great from the moment I had the phone conversation with Jim.  He was polite, friendly, professional and honest.  When I got there I was acknowledged right away. The place was clean and orderly and everyone I talked to was friendly.   Jim took the time to get a tune-up quote on my bike explained everything to me and went above and beyond my expectations. The work was done timely and I left very happy.    Thanks so much!  It's a good feeling to know I have a quality mechanics I can count on.
5 As an avid rider with 2 bikes, it's important to keep them running in top condition. I have a Harley and used to take it to the local HD dealer where the service was slow, unprofessional and the bill always put me in the poor house. I started going to the A team for service. The service Mgr. Jim has always been helpful, professional and gone out of his way to see that my needs have been taken care of. The service is second to none. the do quality work and would recommend the A team to anyone in need of repairs, service or custom fabrication. They are definitely an A+
1 Worst cycle store I have ever experienced!  They sold my friend a used bike for 11k.  Let him take it away with foul plugs, dirty oil and a crushed air filter.  You would think with spending that much in their shop they would have more pride in what they represent.  Sure it was a consignment bike, but come on!  They showed absolutely no concern for the purchase AT ALL!  They also let it leave with a gas leak right by the spark plugs!  Unbelievable.....I would not recommend even to my worst enemy!  Stay away!
5 It's in the little things ..... OK, so it's my third time here, first I had my rollers changed, then my tire had to be replaced and just the other day I had the clutch repaired. My bike runs better than it did when I first bought it!  These guys know what there doing! Their consistent in service and charged me fairly. Very generous - They even went the extra mile to bleed my brake line and add more fluid.  Picked me up and dropped me off.  My bike got a bath and a wax and now it's shinning like a star!  (no extra charges for that) they tell me they do that for all their customers.  Everyone one is super nice ... as usual. They also have a great selection of bikes and I think I found my next upgrade there!  So grateful I have a place I can TRUST.    These guys definitely rock!  .... believe me..... I'm a chick.
5 great GREAT experience. Troy in sales was very knowledgeable & helpful. Every employee there( sales, parts, service, management & service tech) was concerned that my experience was great. A real pleasure to do business there
1 GOT A BETTER DEAL IN AZ VICTORY DEAL SAVED OVER 2,000  called and spoke with manager about a 2012 moto he got rude when i pointed out  that it 2013 and i wanted a good deal and he said give me a price then told me to screw off i asked him to let me finish my question he went off never let me get a word  in  i call to buy a 2013 vision the Auto moto was for  my girl to run around  anyway he told me that the dealer will not sell me a bike and hung up on me  well if that was a manager that is not a place where i will spend 30k at  called AZ dealer got a great price right off the bat and included extended warranty free just something they do   WOW   david  USMC
5 These guys were 20% cheaper than the Honda dealer and 100% better! Heck, they even washed off the bugs on my wing!  I'll definitely be back!  Thanks A-Team!
1 Keep changing prices and cant even do the work in the time the book says. Very expensive due to this. am changing my service place for sure. Had service at 10K and they didnt even do what the book said. Dishonest?  Flakes?
1 If a zero rating were possible, this dealership would get it. Where should I start?  With a deposit in place, I stopped by the dealership to find my bike out front on display in the rain. The salesman promised me merchandise that I never received. The employee that delivered my new motorcycle had no knowledge of the product.  Unable to answer any questions. Ordered parts from the service department with full payment up front with a 7-10 day quoted delivery time.  I called every couple of days to check on the status of my order.  Heard every excuse possible before learning of a "back order" status.  When canceling my order I had to pay for the part that did arrive or pay a re-stocking fee. If I ever spend another dollar at this dealership it will be too soon. My advice to you is go somewhere else. And then it gets better. Through some research I found a well recommended Aprilia mechanic in California.  I took the bike to him to have the first service done and install the same parts that I tried to buy from the dealer.  When I picked the bike up after being serviced I was informed that my motorcycle had never been assembled right by the dealer.  This lack of attention was causing the poor performance that I had been experiencing.
1 Would go lower but site wont let me. Have given them chance after chance but they fail on all points. Service manager is a good guy but dot feel his help honor his wishes. Say to talk to him but every time dint think so there tech . and staff couldn't be honest if they had to when you think you have everything spelled out they find a way to screw you Tell them not to do something and they do. Take your bike in clean comes back dirty and job half done and charged for thing they say are included. Tired of talking   Hope your visits are better than but ??? They are happy as they have my last penny and will go t o a better tech that is cheaper and can do a much better job in less time Now I hear Victory Visions are falling apart and the owner are on their own good old victory and a team Good luck go cry when people don't support you as it is what you deserve.
1 Thank You a team. Got my 15000 mile check up at 14800 (some where in that area) and was told I had a code being displaied but not to worry and my plugs were bad so they replaced. Your wonderful place and tech. took a bike that I was able to get right at 250 miles on per tank and on the way to Phoneix I managed to get less than 175 per tank. Both times I used the cruse control and set it at 65.   You all should be so proud of your work Thank You.
5 I admit that I have visited A-Team Motorcycles as a tire-kicking tourist while in Vegas, not as a checkbook-ready consumer.  That said... I've stopped in here numerous times, under both the current name/owner and the previous, and always found the staff to be courteous, friendly, engaging, conversational.   I've been offered and taken impromptu "tours" of their shop to see various custom jobs in progress.   The staff doesn't mind if I want to throw a leg over the (stock) bikes on the showroom floor.     I think I bought a t-shirt there, once.   What's that say?  That you've got a welcoming and inviting store environment, a dealership that will and has treated me like a human, not as a wa$te of their time.   And have I actually wasted their time?  Well if you the reader see this review and then go in there to buy an Indian from them (they have a great selection on hand btw), then maybe it's just good business sense that they're practicing, to treat everyone this way.   Lots of cycle dealers nationwide (Honda and Harley I'm talking to you, not all but certainly MANY) would do well to take this lesson.
