2 Now I know why really affluent people request house calls when they are sick.  I'm quite sure they don't show up here at the request of their insurance company, an insurance company that is trying to eek out savings to the penny at the cost of my health.  So here I am... at UMC Quick care on Rancho at Craig.  I'm doubtful they actually advertise themselves well. Quick Care. What do you think is quick when you are running a temperature and coughing like the Dickens? A half hour? Maybe one hour? How about two hour and twenty minutes!   So... Quick? Hardly. Care? Minimal. They really do need a new name.  Worse than that, whoever designed this wonky, architectural-monstrosity should be shot on sight. The building is all curves and angles and a tile floor that if you're already woozy, makes you even more discombobulated than when you arrived. I'm sure some architect is proud of his little contribution to insane architecture, but buildings should be people friendly, not disorientating and designed so they take up all the parking space.  And inside they have these uncomfortable chairs that screech when moved across the tile floor. Can anyone say, nails across a chalkboard irritating!  So after sitting and waiting and waiting and seeing people who arrived after me scamper in ahead of me, I finally get into the interior waiting room. I'm accompanied by my ever-so-patient wife, whose job is to see I don't go ballistic on some hapless nurse.   Well the nurse I got was some 80lb waif with an attitude herself. She's asking health questions, and when I don't remember something, my wife chimes in with the correct answer. So this dimwit turns to me and asks, "Does she always answer for you?" So I reply, "yeah, when I want the correct answer". I can see this is going to go well. Then she asks me for a finger to check my pulse. So I give her the finger. Apparently, it wasn't the one she wanted. She then escorts us into another room where the ambient temperature is about three degrees below freezing.  So we sit and we wait, and we sit and we wait. So I finally open the door as I'm having a coughing fit, and Voila !!, the doctor shows up.  Now I give some credit to the doctor for taking control of the situation in a reasonable manner. When she asks a question and my wife answers, she nods and writes the info down. See, the doctor is Asian and realizes in a cultural context that the women are the caregivers. Well handled. She gives a diagnosis, then a prognosis, and we're done. Kinda. We know need to wait for the prescription script.  I'm sitting and waiting and shivering some more. And I overhear a classic line that should be of concern to anyone sitting in a health care facility..." If I don't get my tea, I'm gonna kill somebody!" Maybe it was a joke, but there's a right time and place, and this is neither.  So I cough some more. Loudly.  We are ushered to the checkpoint and wait again. So I cough again and get some service. A classic curmudgeon trick that works especially well if you ARE indeed sick. And contagious.  And that's the end of my miserable experience at this facility.  If you actually need QUICK CARE, do not go here and expect them to live up to there name.
1 I hate going to any UMC Quick Care. Take out the last two words and that will sum up my review.. I came her because I had extremely bad cold, upper respiratory, ear, and nasal infection. It took3 1/2 hours to get seen. They even checked to make sure I didn't have a UTI?? Ok put urine in a bottle and check. The doctor came back and said no UTI... no kidding. Then he wrote me script for cough med and meds to handle my infection. I later found out that the med for the infection were primarily used to treat UTI's what the heck, I didn't have a UTI. The side effects were so horrible I won't go into details of what it did to me but I can tell you, it was worst than the bronchitis and cold mixed together. I almost went to the E.R. just due to the side effects. This town is HORRIBLE for quick medical services and you have to wait a week or longer to see a primary doctor.
1 Customer service is horrid!  After this experience I truly wonder if my private medical records are safe in a place with these types of people!   I walked in the door at 8:15 am to avoid an extensive wait as I do understand how busy medical facilities can get.  My first impression was the scowling front desk ladies a chubby one with long blonde hair and the other an older woman, so I proceeded to sign in and take a seat as they said to.  After waiting one hour I was called up to the desk to register and asked to have a seat again, then another hour passed by before being called back into triage. Along my complete 2 hour wait in the waiting area I heard the front desk ladies going on and on gossiping and laughing loudly (not medically professional or acceptable) about other employees and patients as well talking about how a certain patient was so annoying and such, I was appalled by their language and the things they were saying but I really needed to be seen so I continued to wait.   After I was eventually taken to a room the Doc came in viewed me very briefly and left me to sit yet another 45 min while the incompetent medical assistant dipped my urine for 45 min (i guess she was playing with the pee haha it takes 60 seconds to dip and analyze a urine strip).  I waited and waited and waited ever so patiently after all I had already experienced to this point.... It was finally time to go yay!!!  That evening I received a voicemail to call back about my results, when I did so no one even asked my name before she harshly said "thats just our customer service call" I couldn't get her to transfer me back to the nurse that left me a message because I didnt know the nurses name so I decided that instead of arguing with the receptionist I would just  try to call again in the morning... SO in the morning I called to try to get ahold of a nurse for my results and Latoya answered, wow she really  put the icing on the cake!!!!  She was very unpleasant to talk to, her tone was very rude as if I had ruined her day by calling, she was very aggressive over the phone and huffed and puffed into the phone because she was so annoyed that I wanted to talk to a nurse for my results, she talked to me with repulsion in her voice and  Finally she said she would get a message over for someone to call me back, they did call back at 4:30 that evening, the nurse that called was even more incompetent that the first one, this girl couldn't even read me my results!  She stumbled over the words and gave me no clear answer, I finally throw my hands in the air and give up!!  I guess ill just go somewhere else if my problem continues because there is NO WAY IN HELL Id go back to this place!  Waste of time, money and I am disgusted with their non existent  "customer service and medical professional skills"
2 I can see why it would be difficult for a place called Quick Care to get a bad rap when you're ill and want everything to proceed quickly. Which makes the idea of quick care a misnomer. And proceeding as if this were a tralala visit making it more so.   Some of the other apparent problems are that the lobby is noisey, even when trying to be quiet. Every squeak and chair bump is magnified by the tile.  Another problem is you get treated like you already refused to pay the bill. C'mon, man ( or Lady ) we can't just relax and be happy when you putter around like an ant fumbling in a ball of molasses.  And who chose the industrial toilet paper for the bathrooms.? You're choice is 200 or 400 grit sandpaper. Noses are delicate things. This only aggravates any situation from top to; er, bottom, depending on what ills you!  Did all the doctors and nurses have to come here as punishment? It seems the only people remotely happy are the mad cacklers up front. At least Someone is enjoying themselves! I guarantee it won't be the patients.  And who come up with idea of getting a patient in a room and waiting there for a period of indeterminable time. You're not fooling anyone. I don't care if I get to a room if the doctor is systematically avoiding going in themselves.   And if the usual happens, I 'll have to go back and forth between the billing office and my insurance doing the Pachinko dance that always accompanies a visit.  So let's review...Qucik? Hardly. Care? Barely. Thank you, cheap insurance company.
1 Went to Primary care at 2 pm to escort a friend to Primary care. Two of the admitting people were argoing with each other for the whole time I was there, Loudly. Drama, drama, drama. Did not seem to have a manager there to break it up. Had some Rap music station on playing music that was offensive and demeaning to women. Try another place, I have been to Nellis and boulder branches and they were much better with no Drama.
