5 I've been meaning to write this review for a long time. My dad found this place online because my brakes kept squeaking. Abel either meets you or you can go to his shop. I decided to drive to the shop. At first I was a little put off because he had to change my appointment time back half an hour, but he was running late from another job so I didn't really mind.   When I finally found the place (it's kind of hidden) they were really nice. I thought my front brakes needed to be changed so I left my keys and Abel told me to come back in 2-3 hours. It didn't even take them 2 hours (which is always good when they end faster) but when he called me I was all the way on the other side of town, not expecting to be back for at least 2 hours. It kind of sounded like they were rushing me to pick up my car since he was done, which kind of put me off, and he told me he changed my repair, which made me uneasy.   When I got there, I found out that it was actually my emergency brake that needed repair and he didn't even change the price. He only fixed what needed to be fixed and informed me of everything he changed or repaired. Also, at that moment, I could understand his urgency to go home after a long day so any previous feelings I had went away.  Abel is a very honest man and I can appreciate that in a mechanic. He's not your jiffy lube or any other quick & get it done repair. He's a real mechanic and a hardworking one at that! I would recommend him to anyone and I would go back when I need something fixed.
5 A great value for your money!   I used this service and found them to be knowlegeable and fairly priced.   Also they have good customer service and awareness!.... I have used other mobile repair services and found them to be rude and over-priced.    I will keep their business card in my wallet and suggest their repair services to my friends.
5 Great customer service!  We had a dead car battery this morning. I left a voice message with a request for assistance; received a call back pretty quick; made an appointment; and the work was done. Will definitely keep their number handy for future use.
