1 I tried to make a reservation for my wedding with Michael Rosetti and he was so rude to me. I dealt with him through email and on the phone and he was especially mean and sarcastic on the phone. I told him not to even bother, I didn't even want to do business with them. I have no problem giving money to people who are nice, but someone who talks to you like they don't even want your business? Well, they ain't getting it! This was the first bad review I wrote on a company, but I feel these things needed to be said.
5 Great service from the start, its not often I write reviews but when I saw the other review here I felt I should given the wonderful experience we had.  I hired the bus for my bachelorette party on the 12th Sept, everything was great from the start, the communication when booking which was complicated as I live in the UK, Michael was very patient with me when I kept changing times and Itinerary, the price was fantastic, so much more affordable than I envisaged and they were great hosts on the day.  It was a fun way to see the strip and I would highly reccomend. We were a party of 17 and this gave us the opportunity to tour the strip on our own private bus, stopping where we wanted to and being picked up and dropped of at our choice of location. Plus a great view from the open top!  I would reccomnd for smaller or larger groups, we only had an hour and a half and wish we had booked longer.  Thank you!!
4 Mike was great!  He took the time to assist with getting drinks and ice on board in advance of our event, and sent a friendly, flexible driver who took us to the Vegas sign on our way down the strip for our reception dinner.  We had 38 wedding guests, and they all enjoyed traveling down the strip at night on the top of the bus, complete with a microphone and IPOD capabilities.  We loved having this as our guest transportation, and everyone at Double Decker was both helpful and kind.  Our guests raved that this was one of their favorite parts of the evening!  Only caveat--diesel smell when the bus had to sit at idle.  Would recommend to friends!
4 Great way for a large group to see the strip and especially the Welcome to Las Vegas sign.  How many times have you gone and wondered where it was!  We used DDB as a treat for our wedding guests the day before the wedding.  EVERYONE enjoyed it.  Great being able to have our own music and drinks and my niece and nephew were able to "karaoke" while cruising the strip!
