1 I am not a believer.  The biggest thing this place has going for it is location because you can easily get on 215 East from Durango, but there are a few problems...  I leave for work between 0345 and 0430.  On more than one occassion it has been closed for no apparent reason.  The last time there was an employee inside, sitting stoic, didn't make eye contact with me.  Second issue is price.  They are consistently $.08-.12 higher per gallon than the Shell across the street.  Shell is not cheap gas!  If it were a Rebel, it would make more sense.  Third is the actually employees.  They have some really interesting people working there.  I am pretty sure they don't drug test.  They are in no way friendly and the service is pretty bad!
1 tl;dr - Pumps don't work, bimbo staff, Woody Harrelson.  ----  The pumps don't always work properly, so when the tank is full whatever sensor that is supposed to kick the pump off doesn't work and gas comes spewing out of cars. I have witnessed this happen to others at this station and in 2012 ALONE this has personally happened to me at least 3 times now.   In my 16+ years of driving this has NEVER happened to me at ANY other station ANYWHERE, EVER.   I'm usually next to the pump but I was cleaning out my car and lost about a quart or two before I was able to stop it. So now there's a large puddle of gas on the floor and my hands are drenched.   I went inside so I could #1 wash my hands, and #2 let the cashier know so they could wash it down or put litter on it or whatever they do for gas spills.  This is how I EXPECTED the conversation to go: Me: Hi, the pump isn't working right and gas spilled on the ground, someone may want to hose it down. Can I get the bathroom key? Cashier: Sure, thanks for letting us know.  Conversation with a cashier who understands customer service: Cashier: Would you like a car wash voucher to get the gas off your car? Me: That would be AWESOME, THANKS!  This is how the conversation ACTUALLY went: Me: Hi, the pump isn't working right and gas spilled on the ground, someone may want to hose it down. Can I get ...  Cashier interrupting with a I-don't-give-a-shit attitude: Well, I don't see anything. Me: Well, it IS there, and it's all over my hands - can I get the bathroom key. As I held up my obviously wet hands.  First of all, I could have been a massive bitch about the quart of gas I lost because their shit doesn't work and made a huge scene about how much money gas is.. blah blah blah. All I wanted was to wash my hands, possibly get a free car wash and be on my way. Instead I got some old bimbo talking to me as if I'm making it up and a Woody Harrelson looking guy who later thanked me after I got all cleaned up.   After I got in my car, Woody Harrelson came walking out with a bag of litter over his shoulder giving me a big goofy smile.   This place confuses me. I don't want to come here anymore.
4 Friendly staff if you come here alot they will order items that you're looking for i.e. energy drinks and power bars. Only issue I have is the car wash
1 Had to come here to fill up my gas can because I ran out of gas on the freeway and so when I was filling up my ga can an employee ran outside and told me that can't fill up gas cans at our station and the employee pulled the nozzle and place it back on the pump and told me to leave.    Worst experience I had ever had with any gas station. I'm from Ohio and me and my family were heading to red rock national park. DO NOT GO TO THIS STATION.
1 I've tried to give this gas station a chance three times. Their receipt machines NEVER work. Don't go here if you have to save receipts.
2 the store looked awesome.....  the kid behind the counter was super annoying !!!!!!!!  He must have been like 19 or 20.....trying to test me on gas mileage and math....im a 32 year old grow woman who just got off work, all i wanted was a few bucks in gas and be on my way....NOT be on 'are you smarter then a gas attended' game show....really turned me off....
