5 Manna Soul Food Catering.  The one * only time I was lucky enough to eat their BBQ was at the BBQ & Blues festival last summer at ALiante Park.  Great hot links and CHopped pork sandwiches.  Friendly family run business. Hope to see them at the Tastes & Tunes Festival May 15th http://www.cityofnorthlasvegas.com/Departments/ParksAndRecreation/SE_TastesAndTunes.shtm  http://offthestripdining.blogspot.com/2008/08/bbq-blues.html
4 Man Na Teriyaki and Korean BBQ (Manna or Man Na? i don't know as the sign and business card are different spellings)  is hidden in the Food Court  building next to the CSN Charleston campus in Las Vegas.  The prices are very decent for korean bbq. The side dishes always change depending on what they have and what is in season. They also make boba tea and smoothies, but I have never tried it yet.      The food comes out already prepared and cooked and there is plenty to eat.  The Galbee/Kalbee/Korean short rib is LA style with thick pieces of meat.  The bulgogi is ok. it wasn't as tasty as the Galbee.  The bibimbap was also very tasty with a good portion of meat and vegetables given. They also serve korean soups, and SPAM musubi.  A $1.50 for one spam musubi is not bad as they use a very tasty sauce.      The lady that runs the place is also very friendly, she speaks the most english out of the three ladies that work  and cook there.     This place does not serve the top of the line quality meats that you would find in an expensive korean restaurant, but it sure satisifies a korean bbq craving without breaking the bank.  This place is open 10am-6pm and is closed on weekends and have modified holiday hours.  They also have daily specials in which they take a couple bucks off of a certain menu item.
4 In order to find Man Na, you need to go into that building next to CSN that says "Food Court" (feels so weird to see one of those outside of a mall).   This is why I go to Man Na: Spam Musubi for $1.50. Delicious, and a great, CHEAP alternative to those of us at CSN sick of Mickey D's and Jack In The Crack.   Unfortunately, this food court doesn't seem to get a lot of business, it's always so empty in there. I've heard that someone is planning to make one of the booths in there a Soul Food restaurant. Let's hope it' opens soon, because if I can get some gumbo, sweet potato fries or hot links for a price which is similar to that of the Musubi at Man Na, I may never stop at Mickey D's when hungry at CSN ever again.
4 Despite value menus, I don't want to have to eat fast food when I forget to bring lunch on campus. The only thing I've tried so far was teriyaki chicken and their bobas. The plate was a good size for the price, it was enough to share for two. I'm definitely coming back to try the rest of the menu.
4 Went there for a quick lunch today and loved the food! The place is a little awkward since it's inside a building's food court. This is more like a fast food/self-served place. The ladies working there are nice.  We ordered a bibimbap and a kalbi tang. They were both authentic and delicious. They gave us 5 side dishes and offered refills. I have never seen a fast food place provides that many side dishes, which is a two-thumbs up. Portions are big and the bibimbap even even came with a bowl of kalbi tang!   Food didn't come out as fast as a real fast food place, but the wait wasn't bad. I still managed to get back to work within an hour.  What a pleasant surprise!
5 Being that we used to live right around the corner, we ate here on a regular basis. Then, once we moved across town, we had to make special trips to enjoy the addicting chicken fried rice. Now, however, I work just around the corner, so I can make quick lunch trips to pick up some fried rice for me and a to-go order of spicy squid (ojingo bokuum) for the wife.  I love the food, and getting wrapped up in conversation with Nani or her husband is a regular occurrence. They are such great people, offering up great food, that it's hard not to forget how long you had been sitting there.   The restaurant is located within a larger building with roll up doors over the serving windows. All seating is communal for the building and features rather cramped seating if you have any bit of weight to you at all.  One thing that almost detracted from a 5 star rating is that their hours aren't always consistent. Sometimes, they go on vacation and don't post a return date on their window. It could help to save some disappointment when we're craving good food and conversation!
5 I love this place!   Seriously, I used to go here everyday for lunch back when I attended CSN. But since I've transferred I haven't been able to go back as much :(   Not only is this place affordable compare to pretty much all the other Korean joints around town, their food is delicious and the portions can feed 2! They may not have ayce Korean BBQ (since its more of a cafeteria style eatery) but they have all the Korean staples: bulgogi, spicy pork, bibimbap, LA style steak, etc. and everything tasted real good!   If you go to CSN or live close by definitely pay this place a visit! The only problem is they don't really have consistent business hours. They close pretty early (around 5pm) but when they're not busy, they sometimes close early.
5 This place is Wonderful.  The place is located in a random food court building with 4 other resturants near the corner of Charleston and Torrey Pines. It is the perfect example of why you should never judge a book by its cover. I ended up ordering the Hot Stone bibimbap, and I have to say that I was simply amazed. This was by far the best bibimbap that I have ever had, and the prices are very reasonable. While waiting for the meal to cook I chatted with the owners for a little while, and they are absolutely wonderful people. Though I have only tried one thing on the menu, the other items I saw come out looked great as well. I am excited to go back to this place in the future.
4 Nice little korean joint located in the same plaza as Kaba Curry and Wing King. The korean food is pretty decent and priced very well. Had the spicy pork kalbi and it was very good. The portion size was good and so was the flavor. You don't really get a lot of side dishes, but you really don't need it for these prices. The condiments are sparse but good. If you're looking for a good cheap lunch at an affordable price, you should definitely check out this place. And if you're still hungry you can pick up some curry and wings at the other places next door.
4 LOCATION: Honestly I've been to CSN soooo many times and I've never notice this EVER. Its located in a building which houses a food court with other mom&pop pop-up spots like Kaba Curry and Wing King (both I've yet to try) and more. They really should market to the college students. I mean their right there in walking distance.   FOOD: Seafood soon Tofu soup TO GO:  not sure if it was because I was to go, but I felt even after I told her SPICY, my soon tofu soup was very watery. Don't give me wrong it was delicious! Very flavorful and very hearty. Just different than what I'm used to. The seafood soon tofu soup came with a lot of seafood, again more than im used to. I was actually surprised how many mussels I had in mine. Overall good soup just watery.   SERVICE:  great service, the women that takes your order (I presume also owns this little hole in the wall) was very sweet, she even told me for next time to call and order ahead since she figured I was there on my lunch break (since I was in scrubs). Very sweet of her. She reminded me of those old Korean grandmothers who just wanted to feed and feed you. I'm not complaining. :)  Definitely coming back to try their Korean BBQ. maybe then I'll give them 5 stars
5 I really enjoy coming here with my friends during lunch break from school. The owner is nice and will even cook off the menu items if you are familiar with Korean food. The overall atmosphere is very casual, which I like a lot.   I love the mul naengmyun, its so refreshing on a hot day! I also recommend trying tak-bokeum-tang which basically korean style chicken stew. It's delicious and can serve around 4 people.
4 The food and service here are both homey and wonderful, but the location leaves a lot to be desired! I wandered over from my school campus to grab some lunch and study and was impressed with the authentic food served here.  It's a husband and wife operation and they do a really great job of everything. I ordered the SPAM musubi and a bulgogi lunch plate. They warned me that it would be too much food, but craving a musubi, I went for it.  Everything was fantastic! The ban chan was fresh and homemade, and they weren't kidding with their portion sizes!  The husband was very chatty and definitely distracted me from my studies, but it was pleasant conversation.  The only reason I'm dinging a star is the location. It's in a really bizarre food court type set up with communal food court type bench seating. It was really warm when I went in which was during summer some time ago, but I can see this being a problem as it approaches 120 degree weather. It's hard to enjoy good food with an atmosphere that kind of put me on edge.  Go for the delicious food, but accept that it's a mini-adventure.. and don't bring a date.
5 Manna is a hidden gem tucked away in this unassuming "food court".  There are a few other Korean restaurants I frequent and Manna holds its own against the best.   The Be Bim Bop is excellent and usually my go to dish.  I have had the Bugolgi and it was good, although I prefer to cook that myself at a Korean BBQ place.  One of these days I will try the tofu soup.   I usually hit this place up for lunch because they are not open for dinner.  But that is the beauty of this food court. There are other great places to eat even if another is closed.
4 I TOLD YOU I'D BE BACK SON!!!! LOL  I initially came through last week to try this place out, however, discovered that my homie's place, Kaba Curry, was here and had to have it since I never had it as long as he was in business.  Thankfully, this place is so close to the crib, I can hit up this place everyday of the week.  Located in a food court dubbed, "the Internet Cafe," this place is a hidden gem and probably much more known by CSN students since the campus is nearby.  I was under the impression that the place was some broke down ghetto rigged internet cesspool for child predators.  Low and behold, the place is the ish, offering multiple genres, each equally dope in its own right.  You have to come here to see it for your self.  The ambiance is, well, let's say there isn't one.  It literally looks like a food court for Tyrian Lannister (Game of Thrones), tiny yet full of surprises.  It's simplicity let's you focus more on the grinds and show your appreciation to their craft.  The service at Manna is best titled, "mom and pop."  They are the epitome of the definition and reminds me of home (Hawaii).   In fact, they offer spam musubi, an island favorite at a decent price.  Word on the streets was that it uses to be a buck fifty, but now priced at two bones a pop.    Mamasan, what I like to call her, is sweet and hard working considering its only her and what may be here American hubby.  They remind me of a good friends parents I call my uncle and aunty, typical couples back home are Caucasian and Korean, most common with military men betrothed and wed to Asian women during WWII...fun fact of the day.  I love them.  I smashed on the soondubu [sic] meal that comes with all the fixings including kim chee, daikon, egg omelete, bean sprouts, etc.  The soup was served in a sizzling hot pot and naturally a side of spam musubi completed the meal.  The kim chee seemed a little over fermented, so it was dumped in the soup to add a jige-esque taste to mask what it lacked.  Otherwise, the meal was cheap and good to go.  Apparently, this place has been here for over seven years and the veterans of the food court while many others come and go.  I can't believe that I missed this place this whole time.
4 I am so happy to have found this Korean restaurant near my office.  The location at a stand-alone building near the college is something that is appealing to me.  Man Na locates inside a cafeteria-style food court.  The lady who took my order and prepared my food was very nice and helpful.    The kimchi tofu soup was delicious and was accompanied with the typical Korean-fare condiments.  Even though it was a cafeteria-style restaurant, I was very well taken care of and will definitely return whenever I am in the mood for some Korean food.
5 This place is really bomb, I cant believe I never bother to step into this place to try it out, I've seen it so many times but just kind of shrugged it off cuz it looked like sketchy but after reading the reviews I decided to check it out I got the seafood soondubu jjigae and omigosh was it delicious, very flavorful broth, the ban chan were really good The lady who seem to have cooked all the food seem to be very nice, I enjoyed the food and service, will be coming herw more often
4 This place is really good if you like Asian food. It's Korean style and I couldn't resist. It's in this food court close to the college campus. If you are a student at CSN, I recommend it. It's in walking distance as well.  I ordered the hot rock bowl.
5 Authentic and delicious food.  This husband and wife team are so sweet!  The wife is the cook (Korean) and the husband served our country!!
5 Make sure to check this place out for their delicious food along with great customer service! Very nice and friendly people. ^_^
5 I feel very fortunate to have come across this great hidden gem! I eat a lot of Korean food, this is probably one of the best! Don't let this outside of the building fool you, give it a try!!
5 strongly recommend. great food with cheap cost and they also provide FREE soda every time.
5 Very nice mom and pop shop. The location is inside the Internet cafe near the car wash. It's a food court. So don't expect fancy seatings. But really is the seatings important or the tasting of the food and quality? Food of course. Yelp is mainly for food anyways.  Food was great. Banchan was good especially HOME MADE KIMCHEE! Super good! I can't express how well and seasoned it was made. But the fish cake needs to warm up to be softer. Other than that 4.5 stars!   My husband got the Seafood tofu soup and it was good. They gave us a lot of muscles than what you would get at other korean restaurants. He wished it was more spicier. He love spice.  I got the hot stone pibimbop. Careful it comes out really hot... It's hot stone duh! I liked it. It was good for the price.  I'll come here again! It's a little bit closer to me than having to drive all the way to spring mountain.
4 For being a literal "hole in the wall," they serve up some solid Korean food here. They have all the classics like Yuk Gae Jjang, Sundubu, Mandu Gook, Dolsut Bibimbap Don't forget the BBQ (not table-top) Kalbi, Bulgogi, Doeji Bulgogi. And they even serve boba drinks + Spam Musubis. Who doesn't love Musubis with their kimchi? And don't worry, you'll still get all the side dishes here. It's like any other Korean service; they just have a walk-up window. :)  The owners are so nice! The wife is back in the kitchen and the husband services the guests. They're very friendly and actually used to have a restaurant in the original Koreatown i.e. The Commercial Center.   By the time Man Na opened at the "Internet Cafe" space, my time at CSN Charleston was up and I'm rarely ever in this area. But Man Na is definitely worth a trip. If you're a CSN student or work around here, this makes an excellent lunch stop. They know you may be short on time, so call ahead and they'll make sure your food is ready for you when you get there.
4 Surprisingly good Korean food hiding in the food court near CSN!  Came here for Weeziana AGAIN (3rd time they were actually closed when business hours say open), so instead we tried Man Na :)  Ordered the LA Kalbi Ribs ($9.95): Korean Marinated Beef Ribs. Great flavor here, and cooked to a medium well with crispy edges too. Recommended!   Bulgogi ($9.95): Korean Marinated Beef. This was a good rendition, cooked well with crispy edges. I prefer this style vs the soup/broth version personally.  Banchan comes with the entrees. Refills too! The kim chi was good, but the other varieties were just ok.  Good choice if you are in the area!
5 Hidden gem but so worth it!! Best service. Haven't been here in years and they still remembered us. Husband and wife owned. They are amazing! They make you feel at home and the food is very tasty. Also comes with extra stuff and isn't expensive. Try the spicy pork or bulgogi. Glad they are still open! Do not let the location deter you away. It is well worth it!!
5 Yummy food with very accommodating owners, originally wanted spicy pork but gave us another option and loved it! Gave us a huge order but ended up finishing everything! Hole in the wall Korean food but it was def worth it.
5 Near my campus and the staff is very very accomodating. I wish more customers would go here. Definitely love the teriyaki and beef and vegetables
5 nice place! good food! if u attand CSN, be sure to pay this place a visit. the lady Chef is super nice and friendly.
4 I got the $9.95 galbi special. It definitely tasted like L.A. galbi that I often crave living in Vegas. I got five side dishes with my order - japchae, daikon, spicy tofu, kimchee, and a mini seafood pancake. I wasn't crazy about their kimchi but overall the galbi tasted good and the side dishes were decent enough. Good portion size for lunch. If you want to satisfy your KBBQ craving at an affordable price, come by. Nothing is over $10. The only thing I didn't like is the food court atmosphere. It's depressing here!
