4 the over all look of the store was bit desolate. they didn't have much stuff in there other than "water" pipes. the jewelry selection was non existent unless you are interested in a belly ring. hot topic has a far better selection. there were no tattoo artists there. i went in with my sister to get a industrial and she got a nose ring. i did want to talk to a tattooist for future work. the piercer was the highlight of the whole place. her name was Sara and she was great. we were in and out in a matter of a few min. she made you feel very relaxed and comfortable with the whole thing. i will say it hurt like hell but that's expected. i highly recommend Sara for your piercing needs.
4 Employee was very helpful and knew his product.
1 I went with a friend who was having some piercing work done.  The piercer was nice but the rude old women at the front desk was horrible.  We asked for her help but she just started complaining about how much work and cleaning she had to do.  Why would anyone hire someone so abrasive to work with customers?  I have lots of choices about where I go . . . never going back there to be treated rudely.  Plus their jewelry selection is pretty sad.
1 ugh words cannot describe how entirely irritating my visit to this location was.  Needless to say I wouldn't reccomend this place to people I don't like, let alone people I don't know.  Basically I had to take my industrial piercing out for a hair appointment and couldn't seem to get it back in.  I stopped by this place because it was right down the street to get it put back in.  The minute i walked into the shop I was rudely greeted by their staff.  I stated what I was there for and they explained to me that the piercer was out on her lunch and that I just missed her.  I said that it was fine that I would wait for her to come back and then proceeded to ask how long it would be and if they think that my piercing will be fine.  THe staff proceeded to tell me that i'm most likely going to have to get it repierced and told me how much it would cost and blah blah blah.  That i should know better than to take it out, and then the employee told me that she never takes hers out and shes had it for five years, because the last time she took it out she had to get it repierced.  at that point i left because i was soo annoyed, I went in there to get my jewelry put back in, not for a not so positive pep talk.  I drove the 20ish minutes to club tattoo where I got the peircing to begin with and within minutes of walking in i was seated in the back getting taken care of for no charge.  Best part about it, was that they didn't have to repierce it, so obviously the girl at diversity had no idea what she was talking about.. suprise suprise.
4 Very clean, professional place. Nick does amazing work!
2 I decided to get my belly button pierced one morning and went to the first place closest to get it pierced! I did the top of my navel and it went really smooth! It didn't hurt one bit & I was in and out in less the 10 mins!  But a couple days later I decided that I wanted to get the bottom of my navel pierced and went back! The same piercer was there and I was thrilled to get the bottom done! After signing the papers and choosing my jewelry I was taken back into the room to get it down! I was only there where they told me that there is a high chance of it discharging and there is man complications. She told me that she could pierce it a little deeper, I was very hesitant but decided to go through with it anyways. Just as last time there was only a small pinch and it was over. When I had gotten up and looked in the mirror it was aligned nicely but since my navel is small the two balls were touching, since I just gotten the too pierced it was very sensitive! The lady then told me if she wanted to change it the other way leaving the small ball on the inside so jewelry wouldn't touch and I went for it again! She took the whole jewelry out and didn't put anything in from preventing the hole from closing. She started trying to shove a dull metal rod that is the same size of the jewelry threw! There was blood everywhere and I was in a lot of pain! It took about 10 mins only to find out that she would have to put it back the same way! As she tried to put the jewelry through I felt it rip threw my skin! It was a very very painful experience and she claimed that that was the first time that every happened!  My piercings aren't healing as quick as my friends who got theirs done the same time!  I'm now having to go to another piercer to get it fixed.
2 The customer serice wasn't too bad although nothing special.  I went in there to get a "cleansing shampoo" for a test I needed to take for my new job and they sold me on the most expensive one saying it was guaranteed to work.  I wasted $50 on it and unfortunately it did not work.  When I went into the store to try to get my money back they said "sorry bro it's not guaranteed."  Even though it was the same guy who told me they guaranteed it.  Don't waste your time or money here!!
5 This place is amazing! Great and knowledgable staff and the piecer(nick)was AMAZING! I was worried about re-piercing my nose because of scar tissue, I closed my eyes and the piercing was done in 2 seconds-no pain! I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
1 I originally went to have a piercing done, the service was ok, I went today to buy a different piece if jewelry no one would wait on me some were outside having a smoke and the others were to busy having a personal conversation, I finally left and will never return. I guess they are doing so well they don't need to wait on people.
1 Extremely disappointed! I came here 3 years ago and got my belly button pierced. No issues and they were super helpful. I went  to get my tongue re done (previously had it done from someone else) & the guy wasn't friendly, and he pierced through my vein!! My piercing was bleeding for 2 hours, so I had to take it out... I wasn't going to let it keep bleeding. I went the very next day to tell them what happened, and they tried to tell me it wasn't their fault I kept bleeding, and I wouldn't receive a refund! I DO NOT recommend this place if you want piercings! Anything else here, I'm unsure of.
1 The only nice person was the guy at the counter . Went with my sisters to get our noses pierced together . We were told the piercer "Nick" was next door & that they were calling him to come right over . We waited about 10 minutes. He walked in with his girl friend and walked right back to his room . We followed in , he said "how many piercings "? We said 3, he said ok go pay & come back . One of my sisters changed her mind right there because of his shitty attitude & vibe. We go back , he barely speaks to us, his rude girlfriend sits down & crosses her arms & watches. She NEVER says a word . Or flashes a smile or anything .He did piercings pretty quick , sent us on our way . He smelled of alcohol & was extremely unpleasant . Will never return again & definitely recommend going elsewhere. I tipped him 5 , although he deserved nothing . But that's just me.
4 Everyone keeps complaining about the piercer, nick, but technically he is doing his job! He just did my second ear piercing and he did great. He moved the placement by my request and he gave me a helpful opinion. His girlfriend was there but that's how it is, I didn't really care. She didn't really say anything until I said something to her which makes sense since she's just chilling there. It was 9 o'clock at night so it wasn't too busy, only as much as you would expect a Vegas tattoo shop to be. I'm glad I went there (better than going to Claire's like we all did at 7 years old).   Long story short: it's very clean, the staff works with you, and you're in and out as quick as you can be.
