5 I had shutters done in my new-construction home last year and I could not love them more. The service was friendly, fast, and very professional. I have 14 large windows in my home and the wood shutters compliment them beautifully. They were custom sized and manufactured to my fit my windows and then all professionally installed. My home seems very "classy" now. It also has greatly reduced my cooling bill as the shutters are able to block the harsh Vegas sun when you need it to. A few months after my shutters we installed, I went back to NV Shutter & Blinds to have a roller shade put in on my french door to the backyard. It is just beautiful. I would highly recommend this company for anyone looking to update their windows. The product they put out is much nicer and a better value than the competitors.
5 I called and Rick called me right back, I am from California and Rick went over took all the measurements during the construction. He emailed all my options and gave me recommendations. Several days later called him back to place the order. The home was done before our blinds were suppose to be there and he offered to put up temporary blinds until mine came in...Wow now that is service.. He always kept me updated on the installation. The installers that came were very Friendly, Professional and Hard Workers. The Shutters Looked AMAZING!! Thank you Neveda Shutter & Blinds for the Great Customer Service!
2 The product itself is attractive and functional but the install was a NIGHTMARE.  They didn't bring the appropriate tools to install my kitchen shutters over my tile backsplash the first time they came to install so they told me to expect a call same day to set up a second day of install so they could bring the right tools.  I didn't hear from anyone that day so I literally called and left a message every day for six days before someone returned my call. We rescheduled a second day of install and they said they'd be at my house at 1 and didn't even call until 6 to tell me they would come over some time before 7pm (I was no longer home by that point so we rescheduled again)...they arranged a THIRD day to install and said they'd be at my house between 5-6 and were 30 minutes late.  Like I said, the shutters themselves are attractive but I priced a few places out and they're all pretty comparable.  Due to my terrible experience and the fact I had an uncovered window for two weeks due to their error and lack of attention to the issue, I am indifferent this company.  The product is quality but the service was not.
