3 We purchased 2 phones in July with a $50 rebate on each.  We like our current plan and even double checked to make sure that we qualified for the rebates. Staff was great, made sure we had all materials and directions to mail in the rebate forms. Two months later we received a letter stating that we did not qualify for the rebates because we had not upgraded our service. 1st trip back:  told that their records only went back 90 days, but that if we brought our paperwork they would credit our account. 2nd trip:  I went alone with paperwork.  Would not deal with me as the account is in my husband's name.  I understand that, but was told by the salesperson that we had waited too long for account to be credited.  Whoever was on as manager remained in back room entire time. 3rd trip:  Hubby told to come back when store manager was in. 4th trip:  SUCCESS.  Manager apologized and credited our account for the full rebate.  Said it was the least she could do since we've had our cell service with them for 5 years.
5 Stopped by this store with my daughter, 15 minutes before the store's closing time, only to ask what options we had left as far as getting a new phone. This was the second time we had the pleasure of dealing with Stephanie. Not only is she the nicest and prettiest gal in the store, but she really knows her stuff!  She is the most competent of all customer service personel and truly went above and beyond to help us out.  We walked out of the store smiling and felt more than satisfied with our transaction for the evening, and most of all, the customer service. Stellar employee!
4 The store is new and looks great. It really hasn't been around long enough to be super busy. The cool part is the organization of the place. Smartphones in one spot, basic phones in another spot, and so on. The staff are friendly and willing to help. The best part though, I have to say, is that it smells like the Subway sandwich shop when you walk in. Subway is a few doors down. Love that bread smell..
4 I'm been ones and the customer representative was to helpful !!
5 Got a galaxy s4 here today, I switched from metro pcs and jared was so helpful with everything! He was so polite, I didnt have all my stuff on my sd card so he showed me how to put everything onto my sd card so I wouldnt lose anything before I traded my old phone in, my whole experience here today was great :)
1 Make really sure that whatever money you 'save' by switching over to tmobile is worth the aggravation, and dealing with a store and company who doesn't honor a commitment. Most staff was friendly, but management was not, and refused to make things right....when it would have been easy to do so.
5 My husbands Samsung Galaxy S4 was recently stolen out of his work truck on a Wednesday night. I called T-Mobile right away and they immediately initialized a block on the phone. I called Assurant and they took care of everything right away. I paid the deductible and they overnighted a new replacement phone which arrived on Friday morning. We took it to T-Mobile and they helped us with the start-up, sd card, new phone case and they put the screen protector on for us. It never fails, every time we have gone in to this location for anything, we always receive the best customer service. So, so far so good. I really wish that I had gotten our sales reps name but his number is #2972379.
