3 This is a cozy, little shop right across from Centennial Hospital. It is a bit on the small side, but the they are helpful and can do some nice arraignments for a good price.  My biggest gripe is that the walk in cooler is rather limited when you want to put something together of your own choosing.   But bonus points for the artful arraignments that they put together. The florist has a very nice eye and when left to her own devices comes up with some pretty tasteful designs.
4 This store is in between my job site and my girlfriends restaurant; I wish I hadn't found it and that I'm not such a sweetie who likes to surprise my woman because now I'm expected to bring that perfect bouquet every time I go visit her store.  I was told It was graduation time and it would take a few hours to make an arrangement. The florist could tell I was unhappy with that and suggested I look in the cabinet.  Selection was limited in the cabinet but they had a few moderately priced arrangements I liked.   I took one with me and the fragrance is still clinging to the leather in my car five hours later.   I had two different ladies stop me as I entered my GFs store and they both asked what I had done to need to buy such a beautiful set of flowers. After I thanked then and explained I had just bought them because I love my girlfriend. They both accused me of lying and said "you don't have to tell me what you did. Just know the flowers are amazing and whatever horrific thing you did will surely be forgiven"  The girlfriend was floored by the flowers. Her employees were super jealous and everyone I walked by with those flowers were similarly impressed with them.   I will be back!
5 I went to a twisted tulip after going to other florists that said they could not help me. The florist and her assistant were great and helpful. They were able to meet my budget for my small wedding.  I will be picking up my flowers today and I'm hoping that they will be beautiful.
5 The flowers came out better than I could have imagined. She listened to what I said and made the boutonnières turn out amazing. Everyone complimented me on the flowers. Soon I will post a picture.
5 The Twisted Tulip created 12 bouquets for a celebration at my salon this week, and they were stunning!    I requested BRIGHT colored flowers to fit the theme of the party, and they definitely delivered more than I was hoping for! They helped really finish the look of all my displays.  Pricing was very fair, and the flowers were beautiful and fresh! I will be continuing business here whenever I need flowers again!
