5 I just wanted to write a review to say that I really don't like Levi's and have not owned a pair since I was a kid. However I needed jeans in a pinch for an event and I did not have time to get jeans tailored from the crappy Vegas Nordstrom (thats another review) so I came in and everyone here was extremely helpful and very friendly. They answered all my questions and gave me great suggestions. Keep up the great service it is very rare it seems.
5 I don't imagine any woman's pant-shopping experience is phenomenal. Jeans are built to suit the bodies of young boys, sometimes even those of straight-built young girls, and rarely for the bodies of the hips-waist-butt chicks. I'm in the latter group.  Lexi measured me at Levi's following a revelation: the Bold Curve jeans I already own (the ultimate curve they have) was a one-off that could not be matched by any other Bold jeans they had in store. It wasn't a size issue: the other jeans left a huge gap in the back, not accounting for my difficult waist-to-hip ratio. I was heart-broken, until....  Lexi informed me of Levi's brand-spanking-new release of the SUPREME curve fit. Oh yes. My measurements fall into this category. After pulling, stacking, and trying on no fewer than 15 jeans, to no avail, Lexi was still kind enough to console me in my sadness with news of the Supreme jean - that shiny denim beacon of perfect-fitting hope.  She also threw in a "you know, most women would kill for your curves" and I was like okay, cool. Hi-five, Lexi.
5 Super friendly and helpful staff. They really go out of your way to make sure you find the wash, fit, and style that's right for you. They constantly check on you in the fitting room and bring you suggestions or something you might like or anything else you asked for.   Levis are very affordable for the value. They're classic! In the past couple of years I feel like they've really stepped it up on fit and wash selection to compete with the designer jean boom of years ago.   The demi curve jeans are great! I got a pair of white jeans here that I love too.   I scored a pair of classic cut off shorts for 14 bucks the other day! So be sure to check out clearance too.  My only wish is that they would make jeans for petite girls or offer free alterations, that would be great! But that's always been an issue for me being 5'1' :( I still have to alter pants that are "short" or petite.
5 Let me first start off by saying that I am not fashionable.  At all.  I have been buying size 32-34 Levi 527's since I can remember.  Years.  Decades.  And I never much paid attention to them because.. well.. they always fit perfectly, and I just ordered them online.  I never thought it made any sense to try jeans on.  I am X size, and these jeans fit, so I'll buy a zillion pairs of those.  I like the Boot cut because... well.. I wear boots!  Anyway, I found out recently that Levi's decided to change the cut of the 527's.  Huh?  Anyway, I realized that I needed to go in to a store that knew what was up, and order as many of the kind I liked (by part number) as possible.  So I stopped by this location, and I got some of the best customer service of my life.  Mai, the manager, went WAY above and beyond.  She called all kinds of stores, and essentially trained people on the other end of the phone to accept my credit card to drop ship things to me.  It was stupendous.  I wound up only being able to get one pair of backup jeans, but it wasn't for lack of Mai trying!  She was a real pro the entire time.  And because I waited a little bit while she called every store in the galaxy, I got to see her in action around what was clearly "her" store.  She touched up the models, straightened things, and in general was a phenomenal employee.  Well done levi's in Hiring Mai.  Whatever you are paying her I doubt is enough.  If I had a retail store of my own, I would have hired her on the spot.    -Dan
3 Good variety, really good prizes, service could be better. Sales people are really not interested in helping you find the right jeans model but are at least smiling..
4 First time going in here... The sales associate helped me out BIG TIME and was SUPER friendly and nice.  It was also a SUPER SCORE because the jeans I bought were totally on sale. WOO WOO!
4 Boutique Levi's avec pas mal d'offres promo. Choix vaste et pas cher. Personnel très souriant et on vous aidera très vite si vous avez des questions. A recommander.
