4 I actually liked this course... maybe because I shot well on it, and that I went with some other people that paid for it, and I was on vacation and.....  Ok.. it wasn't a GREAT course, but the experience was good.   Probably a moderate level course that, as many vegas courses are, was relatively well kept up and wasn't that busy.
5 This review is by Karen C. She was accidentally logged into my account. Can't seem to delete it. I am not perving on women in the ladies' locker room.  "WOW! Fancy fancy club. Nice courts, though there seemed to be a lot of little flies swarming around when I was playing. The ladies bathroom was spectacular. All the free lotion, shampoo, and other toiletries you could think of. And the actual stalls itself were like an SF closet, but probably bigger. NICE!"
5 Fanatical service.  The 44,000 sq ft country club was quite impressive from the staff to the amenities, and the building itself.  I felt well taken care of to say the least.  There are two 18 hole courses available for play, one is their Public Arroyo Course, and the other is their Private Mountain course.  The Mountain Course is cush.  It was a little nerve racking at times with multi-million dollar homes lining the fairway (please no slice... please no slice....) and the scenery is beautiful.    The restaurant at the Country Club is also killer.  Awesome nachos topped with made from scratch black bean chili, both the shoestring and waffle fries were tasty, and their egg salad sandwich was delicious as well!  Pics are up, and I can't wait to go back and do it all again.  =)
4 OK, so I do not golf but I have been here for several different parties, weddings and mixers.... the food is always fantastic and the staff is great!  And of course, you cannot beat the view!
4 We attended a wedding here this past weekend and first off the grounds of this place are impeccable and the views are stunning. My children were actually in the wedding so we were able to also the the behind the scenes actions as well and the staff attending to the event were professional and friendly. My only minor grip was the food was not very good. It was ok, but not great. The salad had way to much dressing and the meat was overcooked. Over all though it was an incredible and memorable wedding and I would still say it is worth what I am sure is a high price tag. You may want to consider tasting all the meals you plan to serve to be sure they are up to your expectations.
4 This is a nice course with a challanging layout especially on a windy day.  The greens are currently airrated but the course is in good condition.  Hole number eleven was rather boring design for this course.  During my first try at playing this course we had rain/snow and plenti of wind we did not make it thru more than three holes.  The staff provided us with rain checks that where valid for one year.  We where able to schedule within a few days when the weather was better.  I would definetly comeback and play.
5 After taking tours at several wedding venues, my fiance and I decided to choose this country club for our reception.  They have such a beautiful venue with great views of the strip.  Not to mention the exceptional customer service we received from the wedding coordinator, Gina and the staff.  Gina wasn't there when I first toured this facility so Chris was the one who gave me the tour and he was  knowlegdable.  Gina has been so helpful and very patient with us.  We are so grateful to have such a wonderful person helping to make our day a beautiful one.  We went to the bridal open house and saw how beautifully decorated this place was, as well as sampled the hors d'oeuvres which were phenomenal.  That really set our mind on this venue.  When it came to the food tasting, we were taken away with how the salad and entree tasted.  They served us their dandelion salad with the chef's signature dressing and 16 oz steak au poivre with its accompaniments and it was superb!!  We are looking forward to how our reception will turn out as our wedding date is set on Dec 4, 2010.
3 Nicely kept community and the security is always professional at the gate.  The homes are beautifully built but I think there should be lawn water security to make sure people stop the rivers from running down the street.  My girlfriend, her pool man and some guests have all been hit by golf balls from the terrible (drunk) players on the course.  They are not allowed to put up any protection that might change the view from the course, so rarely enjoy their yard.  Costs a pretty penny to live there too.
4 When I think of Red Rock, I think of beauty - perhaps because the red rock formations at Red Rock are so pretty and unique.   Red Rock country club is in the middle of a beautiful area and great community. This country club has some of the nicest and biggest homes I've seen! This is a a gated community that is well kept and nicely maintained.  A spot that can simply be described as classy and pretty. This country club is one nice place.
5 love this place, always in the best shape, good palmer design.   great place to play  please fix your ball marks and divots  gh
5 Saturday night we had a lovely dinner. The food was delicious and timed perfectly. The servers were gracious and knowledgeable and not intrusive. The view was spectacular with the clouds sitting and sun shining behind them. It made for a perfect quiet evening!! Of course, we will be back.
4 Great course on the west side of town. Helpful staff and the course is in great condition.
5 AMAZING!  Lots of security to go through to get in but the grounds are great.  So relaxing and private.  The houses in the neighborhood are to die for!
5 We come here for Friday night Happy Hours, Sunday brunches and business lunches.  It's a members-only club, but it has more than paid for itself in my experience.  For Sunday brunch, it's convenient and beautiful.  Set right next to Red Rock, in the foothills.    The omelettes and pancakes are very good...but the cinnamon buns are AWESOME.  They are totally worth the calories.
5 Played the private course a couple weeks ago with a member. Great course, short but very challenging....really considering joining.
5 I have many clients that I tan here and it is beautiful but the guard gate is such a pain in the ass ... but I guess that is what they pay those ridiculous fee's for.  You may have an easier time getting in with the president lol
5 I attended a Scholarship Luncheon at the Red Rock Country Club Saturday, March 29th. This review is for the lunch and service only. They luncheon was excellent moist tasty chicken, salmon and even the salad served was outstanding. Myself and almost every one at my table went back for seconds (even seconds of Salad I never do that).  The deserts looked great but I honestly I was full from lunch that I passed on desert (so disappointing). The wait staff was great attentive, friendly and quick to provide refills. As we left we were given warm greetings of goodbye and have a good day. I would definitely recommend this place for an Event. In fact keep an eye out as I discussed that very thing with another attendee.
