4 Callville Bay rents a lot of houseboats through Forever Resorts. We did a houseboat for Spring Break of my senior year of college and it was one of the best trips of my life. The lake is beautiful and there is a lot to explore. It wasn't hard for us to find quiet coves to wakeboard in. The lake is only about 45 min. outside of Vegas, so we did a night on the strip before and after our houseboat rental.  The houseboat itself was a floating party. It was a 65 ft. houseboat with a jacuzzi, wet bar, and waterslide on top.   Here are a few tips: 1. Watch out when you are running around the hot tub wasted out of your mind at night, it's slippery.   2. Careful how much gas you use on the houseboat. They charge you for it, and it's expense. It is cheaper to stay close to the marina.   3.  My drunk friends decided that putting shampoo in your hair and then  going down the waterslide is basically the same thing as taking a shower.  4.  The roof of the houseboat is a good place for a keg toss competition.  5. If you wear speedos on a houseboat, the pictures last forever. (that's why they call it Forever Resorts)
4 This was my first jetskiing experience. $75 per hour for one pwc with a $500 deposit that is refunded if the jetski is returned in good condition. The staff is quick in getting you ready and out on the lake. We were shown a brief safety video, given life vests, and shown the pwc and how it works prior to us just taking off. The only thing I didn't like about this company was that they put a hold on my credit card for the deposit and didn't refund it immediately after we paid the bill. I had to wait four days for the funds to clear. Other than that this company was great, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable, and the jetski was in good condition. They even provide water proof bags so you can bring a camera with you.
4 "You know what they say: People in glass houses sink sh-sh-ships. "  Nice employees, decent prices, great location (close to Hoover Dam for your Jet Skiing and Boating) and the equipment was fairly new and not falling apart like most rental places.  The people were very helpful in any questions we asked.  Would/will return again.
4 We went to Callville in July 2010. The drive to get there was about 12 miles from the entrance into the state park.  The drive was on some very winding roads but beautiful and so worth the time.  The people at Callville were super nice and helpful.  Because there are other marinas that are closer to Vegas this one seemed to have few, if any, tourists.  The patrons were mostly from around the area.  Manda happily answered all of my many questions on the phone the day before we went there.  When we got there she explained everything fully and took a little extra time with us to show us some cool places to visit on the map.  I used to go to another marina to rent boats and jet skis  when in Vegas.  Instead, I will only be going back to Callville.  I was only able to get a local number to this marina by calling Forever Resorts (Forever Resorts only takes reservations for the houseboats).  The number I called is different from the one listed here on Yelp- it's 702.565.4813.
5 Rented a houseboat for my friends and I this past weekend for a relay race event that was happening along the route. The staff was super friendly and really accommodating with our schedule as far as checking in and out. The boat itself was great. I've never stayed on a houseboat before and this thing was pretty well equipped. I'm definitely coming back to take full advantage of the lake and all the amenities next year.
4 This review is for the Bar and Grill on the property.  We stopped here for lunch on day of sightseeing and were pleasantly surprised at the experience.  I ordered a Mushroom and Swiss Burger and Diane had the "Double Dip" Sandwich. The operative word at this place is Huge! The "Double Dip" was a Huge version of a French Dip. My Burger was Huge and an order of Homemade Potato Chips was beyond huge! Our food was good, but the star of the meal  was the Potato Chips! They were light and crispy without being at all greasy. We would return here just for those darn Chips!  Service was very friendly and they are wheelchair accessible!
4 Reviewing just the restaurant at the marina...  We stopped here for lunch driving from Valley of Fire to Hoover Dam.  Its just 4 miles off the main road.  This is a nice-sized restaurant that remind me a lot of a 19th hole at a golf course country club.  The menu was typical of such places--burger, sandwiches, fries, etc.  The food was good and in generous portions.  The service was very friendly and attentive.  For the only restaurant in the middle of nowhere---what more could you ask for?
2 We almost died drowning when our boat sank--very horrifying!! Let me explain.   Here are the facts: - Group of friends and I rented a PWC (personal water craft, aka jet ski) and a 21" Ebbtide ski boat over the Independence Day holiday weekend.  - In order to make the reservation, the rental office charges your CC for the full amount with deposit/insurance, so it was almost $2000 that hit my card more than a month before the reservation day.  - We got there and watched the mandatory training video for the PWC. The ski boat had no training video but there were some pieces of paper they gave us on how to operate the ski boat.  - When we went on the ski boat, the guy who led us there also explained how to navigate and drive it. However, he seemed very bored and did it in a very mechanical way, almost as if he was a robot reading off of a script. Slightly useful, but not very helpful or friendly.  - Boat rental office ladies drew the route from Callville Bay to Hoover Dam, and told us we could go that way to see the dam. Also, drew the route to the east in the narrow straights and said we could go that way too. Told us to avoid the northwest part of Basin Bay near Las Vegas Bay as well as some part on the east past the straights that I don't remember now (we never planned to go that way), and these directions we did follow to the letter.  - Winds were high that day, and it took us about 90 minutes just to get from Callville Bay to almost reaching Sentinel Island on the way to Hoover Dam.  - Waves were pretty large too, we never reached the dam because we felt like we would not have enough time to return the boat back by the 5 pm deadline, especially going against the current/waves.  - When we turned around to head back, our motor on the ski boat for some reason stopped working, and the engine could not go past 1200 RPM even though it was much higher around 3000+ on the way there earlier.  - A few minutes after trying to get the engine running, some huge waves hit our ski boat from the side, and plenty of water got into the boat. At this point, the boat started to keel over and the next thing we know is that it is filling up fast and sinking. All of us jump out into the water, and luckily we all had life jackets.  - The PWC was fine, and luckily we were saved by another boat that passed by within 15 minutes.    The analysis afterward: - We never did anything wrong to cause the accident, such as crashing into a rock or damaging any equipment. I think it was mostly a freak of nature accident.  - We're not sure what happened to the motor. The boat rental office claims that the angle of the waves was too high, and thus the motor could not run effectively. Maybe somebody who knows how these ski boats operate can comment?  - We ended up losing a lot of cash, wallets, several smartphones, two pairs of sunglasses/glasses, all our shoes and some clothes, and a lot of food/drinks we had brought along. Total property damage of $1,500-2,000 easily as a conservative estimate, possibly even as high as $3,000.  - We paid the $10 insurance, so the deductible was $500 which they took out of the deposit. The office said we would have been liable for as much as $30,000 if we did not buy insurance, but instead, they took $500 from us.  - Post-chaos, while writing up our reports at the office after the accident, we were just grateful all of us were alive and not hurt, so the $500 wasn't even something we were thinking about.  - However, afterward, we think there could be something wrong with the motor that could have caused the accident, as well as the lack of adequate training provided by the guy who gave the 5-minute brief presentation on the boat's operation.  - Even if the motor was working fine and we were explained how to navigate the boat perfectly, we were following the route that was drawn on the map by the office; we know this because we used GPS on our smartphones to confirm our location a few times during the trip. In retrospect, the people at the office should never have let us go that route, especially with the strong winds (supposedly ~60 MPH) and waves (at least 4-5 feet) on that day.  - After we got back home, we called the office to ask for a refund of the $500 deductible, and explained the above reasoning. What if somebody had got injured or even died? We're not asking for compensation of our property, and we understand that Callville Bay Resort & Marina also incurred property loss (although the boat was salvaged as it was still barely floating, and is currently going refurbishment). We're just asking for the $500 in deductible back as a nice gesture for the trauma that we had to endure when we did nothing wrong.  - The office (Kim Roundtree and Lynn Frost) refused our request. To the company, $500 is a very small sum of money, a day's worth of boat rental fees. To a few friends who were looking for a fun and memorable day out on the lake, it is quite a lot of money. PM for me more info; I've hit Yelp's limit.  :(
4 Yesterday, I decided to take my Boston Terrier for a swim at Lake Mead. So, I headed off, taking Lake Mead all the way down, then heading east towards Government Wash.  I saw how many people were there and continued on downward towards Callville Bay.  As I arrived I was really pleased at the immediate differences. Callville Bay offers very nice and well maintained concrete launching pads (very long and gradual), asphalt roads, and a resort featuring dining. The boat rentals looked in much better condition than those boats found at the Lake Mead Marina.  The water was smooth and quiet, water was clear. My Boston had such a good time swimming on the outskirts of the marina; we would go again in a heartbeat.
3 The overall experience was a solid five, but the company isn't the most ethical I've dealt with and there are unaddressed safety issues which are likely to be the responsibility of the National Park Service but were not mentioned by the staff at Callville Bay. We rented a 59' houseboat from Forever Resorts at Callville Bay for three nights with the first night being an "early check-in" and spending the night at the marina.   I'll focus on the negatives because they are safety and cost related.   Safety: The American Southwest is having record drought conditions and Lake Mead is losing water at a rate of 4 to 6 feet PER DAY right now. While we were there, there was a loss of over 100 vertical feet as marked on the canyon walls. Because of this, the buoys are on top of cliffs and the VHF radio does not reach the marina once you're past the next cove or the National Park Service at all. If you have engine trouble, just a question about the boat features, or an actual medical emergency, you're SOL. There is zero cell phone reception out in the canyons.  Cost: You run the boat up on rocky beaches to spend the night. There is no motoring after sundown and you have no anchor. You release the boat by rocking it with the engines in very shallow water. It's nearly impossible to do this without nicking the props and, *SURPRISE*, when you turn the boat back in, you're responsible for even minor damage to the props to the tune of hundreds of dollars that the insurance doesn't cover.  I did manage to get the prop damage fees waived because we lost our starboard engine the first morning we tried to get out of a cove. Instead of being able to radio in and have a repairman come out, which is what they say they will do 'in the event of', we spent the better part of the day getting our boat off the beach and getting back to the marina. We had to put everyone who could push in the water, then limp back with only the port engine in very windy conditions back to the marina for a quick repair.  With that out of the way, the boat itself was great. It was well-appointed, comfortable (for a boat), spotlessly clean, and had everything you needed to enjoy several days out on the lake except food and drink. The folks who do the orientation, repairs, and pilot you out of the marina were all fantastic. The lake was gorgeous, the views were incomparable, and it's a unique vacation experience that my family will never forget.
4 We rented a 44' patio pontoon boat for the day for 12 of us. The boat was great. It had a bbq and slide. We had lots of fun. We went down to "The Narrows" and in to a couple coves and also beached at the sandy beach. It was a pretty good price as total rental including gas was $720 USD so it was $60 each. They did say we did a good job on fuel use though. The rental was from Forever resorts.  The reason I docked a star was that the speaker system on the boat wasn't working and we didn't find out until we were already on the lake. Fortunately we had a couple electrical engineers with our group and were able to determine which wires were loose and got it working.
