5 I bought a purse here during my last trip to Vegas and have to give this location kudos.  They probably have the best selection of all of the other Burberry locations on the strip.  I went in there and was helped immediately (no snotty salespeople here!).  Our salesperson took his time with us and was not to pushy at all.  Loved it!
5 Just wanted to say that the staff was very welcoming here.   Kyle was a new salesperson but was very attentive and friendly. Apparently he is my neighbor so we got chatting about our area and about Vegas in general.   I wasn't set to buy anything, but that didn't matter, people treat you like you exist whether you look like a million bucks or not.   If I had the expendable money I would want the Plisse Python in a flash...but I don't right now. *long sigh*  My visitors  were indeed looking for watches and shoes. They didn't find what they were looking for, but definitely this is a place to return to because the service is quite good.
2 This Burberry is located in Cesar's Palace. I always stop here to check out the latest and greatest items whenever I visit Cesar's. Located near the entrance to the casino next to Spago.  They have a spacious store with lots to look at. I was looking for gift ideas and a new purse.  Customer service lacked big time. The employees were all focused in trying on items for themselves and holding personal conversations to even acknowledge any customers who came in.   As I was trying on a handbag, a gentleman, Ian, approached me and assisted in answering my questions as well as provided options for gifts.   Come for the product...
4 I am obsessed about vintage designed Burberry coats. I'm spending way too much money on them these days. Before Burberry was a fashion brand, they used to make trench coats and uniforms for the British soldiers back in World War 1. That's why the coats today still look like military coats with the D-rings for grenades and the extra pockets for ammunition.  I have just completely fallen in love with the design, and probably spent over $6000 in the last year buying different styles of their classic war coat. Sure, I'm wasting a lot of money, but the attention I get from sophisticated women all the time is worth it. I love how chicks will always stop me on the streets and complement my coat.   What I liked the most about this location is that they don't put too much pressure on you to buy something.  Sometimes you want to just look around and see what's new and not get punched in the face by a worker who is coming on way to strong.   This location is also rather large compared to the Venetian location and the Beverly Hills location that I used to frequent a lot when I lived in California.  This location is also notable because it has a larger than usual men's department. Most Burberry stores literally have only like 10% of the store dedicated to men's clothing. This location has about 25% of the store dedicated to us.   I guess the only things I don't like about Burberry these days is that their men's vintage coats don't have any indication on them that they are indeed a Burberry item. The women's items have the Check Nova logo all over them, while the men's items barely have any Checks.  Also, my most recent trench coat is actually ripping less than 2 months after I bought it. You spent $1100 on a coat, you would like it to last more than 2 months.
5 Although I didn't find the plaid trench coat I had in mind, I had a very positive experience at this store.  The shop assistant was very patient and attentive, who let me try serveral different styles, even after I indicated I probably wouldn't like the styles.    Later on, I had change of heart, so I went downstairs around the wee hour to check out another item which had caught my fancy during my first visit, i was enbraced with another warm welcome.
5 Every time I look at my beautiful coat I think of Mr.B. and his lovely group of helpers. I lost my belt to my fabulous jacket and called the company. They told me I had to go to a retailer and they would help me find a belt, I actually have to admit when I called the company they were not super nice, don't get me wrong they were not mean at all just not overly nice. I live in New England so the Boston store is the closest but I do not travel to Boston that often. So I took my jacket with me on my trip to  Vegas hoping I could get some help. I was very intimidated going into the store because I had gotten my jacket from EBay and it was a runway sample never making it to the sales floor. I thought I would encounter snobby sales associates that would most Likely brush me off. That is not at all what happened they whisked me around like Cinderella and Mr. B seemed naturally enthusiastic helping me find the most perfect belt. I almost cried because they were all the most fantastic people on earth. That happened about 6 months ago and it's still so sweetly fresh in my mind.
