5 I have been coming to Dr Don for almost 5 years now. From valeting and working in a nightclub. My back is always tight, sore, basically in pain.   Dr Don always is able to adjust it and loosen it up so I am able to function. And the neck adjustment, as sick as it may sound, feels good when it cracks.   The staff is all great and very nice. It is the best feeling when you go somewhere and they remember you every time. Not just me, but you can hear them make small talk to other customers too. They ask about work and family and care about how you are away from the office.   I've referred plenty of people there and I will not stop doing so.   Plus a nice extra is Dr Don is a Dodgers and Lakers fan, so it's nice to talk about sports when being cracked and stretched.
5 I recently went to see Dr Vuong  about my severe neck and shoulder pain. He was very attentive and listened as I explained everything and he always made sure to ask me plenty of questions to understand what can be causing this. When it was time to start the treatment he explained every step and the reason for it.  I have visited of Chiropractors around the world. I lived in Europe for years and I am from the east coast. He is the best Chiropractor I have been to. I am so thankful I found him to help treat my neck issues. I am also very thankful that my insurance covers my visits.   Oh and his staff was very friendly and attentive.
1 The dr was great at the clinic, however his medical biller has a lot to be desired.  Basic math is a challenge for her.  The reason I will not be back is solely based on her, there are plenty of other fish in the sea!
5 Amazing job ! Definitely will be back .. Everyone at the clinic was so friendly .. Dr vuong was great ! Highly recommended
5 Was appointed here after I got in a car accident & I must say it's been a pleasure. The staff is very friendly & Dr. Vuong knows what he's doing. I come in happy & leave even more happier. I don't know what Deborah is talking about, i've never had a issue with anything over here. I definitely recommend this place to everybody!
