5 I spoke with the owner on the phone who had a vast amount of knowledge and experience in the industry. I explained I had a rental property and that the previous tenants had trashed the property. He stated that the deluxe package would make the carpets look beautiful for renting. He offered a very fair price and the work that they did was FANTASTIC!!! I was extremely please with work.
5 I first called at night and i got their recorded message. The prices sounded very good and they said ask about our power scrub and shampoo, it leaves carpet like brand new.  well I gave them a try and it really looks like brand new and my carpet is almost 14 years old.  Hats off to Aardvark !!!! Sincerely  Art I.
5 I used this service and found them prompt, friendly and the carpets looked great.  Will use them again in the future.
5 I called to get prices to get my couch cleaned and was happy to be greeted by a very professional man who gave me the ins and outs of the products he uses and how the couch would be cleaned. I do a lot of shopping around and I have to say they have the best prices!! My couch looks amazing and they were able to remove all the stains!!! To top it off... Later that day the owner called me to let me know he was sending me a 15$ refund because they were running a special that day that the technician didn't know about but they still wanted to give it to me!!! Very honest if you ask me. Would recommend!!!
5 I needed some help trying to clean the carpets where I live. I had pet stains in the carpet that I tried to get out with the rental carpet cleaners that would disappear and then return later. It would even smell after a few days. So I called Aardvark and they told me what needed to be done and how much it would cost me. I told them that I would tell everyone about them if they get the stains out and smell good. They got the stains out and my carpets smell great now. They truly know what they are doing. Two thumbs up.
5 I've used Aardvark on several occasions in the past and they have always been good - this time...they were Great!!!  It seems that they have upgraded their equipment and it really makes a difference.  Good Job Aardvark!!!
5 After calling around for hours pricing cleaning on a large area rug, I had given up and figured I would be better off replacing it.  I called Aardvark last, and  I wish I had called them first.  The gentleman on the phone was friendly and knowledgeable.  His price was fair.  When the crew arrived for the appointment, they were on time, clean, professional, friendly, thorough, and quick.  I will recommend Aardvark every time and plan to use them in the future.
5 The pictures of the stairs were what made me call.  They did an amazing job on the stairs and other carpet cleaning.  I gave them 5 stars but wanted to give 10.
5 Aardvark has done a couple properties for me, both residential homes and office suites.  They do a great job!  If they do not answer the phone, leave a message and they get back with you promptly.  I will continue to use this company in the future.
