5 My car got a crack from a rock on a Saturday, so this gave me the weekend to look at some options online, make a few calls, and get some advice word of mouth.  Out of all the places I saw online and called, Technaglass gave me the best quote, which was $50 lower than the next lowest quote.  As an added plus, they do mobile service at a price cheap enough to save me the hassle and gas money of driving.  Perhaps the best thing about them is that they are very online friendly: quotes, tech support, scheduling, and internet only deals.  The time to get my quote and schedule took less time than turning the computer on.  And since the work was done at my house, no wasted time driving, and the install was less than half an hour by a very skilled professional.  It's too soon to say anything about the durability of the actual windshield yet, other than it looks better than new, but it's under warranty for 12 months, only pay $75 for installation.  I would definitely recommend to anyone who needs a new car windshield fast.
5 Very pleased with the price and the fast service.  My car was vandalized, and the back glass was broken, and two other local auto glass repair places quoted me much higher prices.  One was at least $300 more than Techna's quote.   They were able to start working on my car at the appointment time, and they finished the job, cleaned up the broken glass debris in the passenger compartment, and got me back on the road in short order. Highly recommend!
5 While on vacation, my dad & I were driving on a dirt road heading to an Indian casino in California (Cache Creek Casino).  As a dark truck with tinted glass was approaching me on the other side of the road, all of a sudden I received two bullet hole cracks on the upper right side of my windshield.  I was extremely devastated - I've had my car since '05 and never had anything this severe happen to my windshield at all after all our road trips with this vehicle!!!  Due to the large, deep bullet hole cracks, I suspected foul-play by the oncoming vehicle but didn't catch their license plate.  After checking out yelp reviews, it seemed that Techna Glass had better offers compared to their competitors.  I'm so glad I went here!!!  Upon arrival, the manager was very helpful and detail oriented in terms of pricing and explaining the procedure.  As I waited in the reception area, I was amazed how fast it took Chris (I believe that was the tech's name) to repair both cracks.  With one of the repaired cracks, it's barely visible now - Thanks, Chris!  ( ^ _ ^ )    The second reason I am so pleased with this company is that for the quote I got at a different competitor for just repairing both cracks; with Techna Glass, I was able to repair both cracks and get a "life-time" crack repair for almost less than the competitor's repair quote!  Now that's what I call a bargain!  I highly recommend Techna Glass!  Although this location is father from other repair shops near my neighborhood, I would not hesitate to return to Techna Glass with their great customer service, professionalism and attention to detail for future repairs.
4 These folks were very nice and extremely efficient! I was able to just show up and I was helped immediately. I had a little rock chip in my windshield, and it was fixed in less than 10 minutes.   The fellow who helped me also mentioned that they have a new service, a $19.95 hand car wash! I'll definitely have to check that out.
1 Had my wind shield replaced and it leaked water through the seal and shorted out electronics in dash. They replaced the seal the next day, they damaged molding on drivers side of car. Josh at head quarters spoke to local guy, local guy said they would call me to get it fixed. Its been 2 weeks and no one has contacted me ... Stay away from them, spend the extra money to get it done right the first time.....
4 Very quick to begin work, nice job on the two chips/cracks that I had and the personnel are kind (very nice to me and my disabled son who was making a lot of noise).  I will recommend them without reservation
5 Had to get my front windshield replaced. Made an appointment online because of the low priced quote. Service was fast had the car in and out in less than 30 minutes.
5 Dave was awesome, I had a huge crack in my Honda windshield ( I let it spread over 2 months and it was getting bigger, oops) and he came out to my apartment and replaced it within the hour. The best part was that it was half the cost of what Safe Lite was going to cost me,  Thank you Techna Glass!! Also,I got my appointment online within 24 hours of finally deciding to take care of my windshield.
