3 Once an impressive hot spot is now a tourist novelty shop, I don't get it?, a $50 leather jacket for your' Schnauzer? What happened to people on bikes being rebels, non conformists & out right bad asses?  Don't get me wrong, before having kids you could catch a glimpse of me zipping past you doing mach 6 on my crotch rocket...but WTF?, every Tom, Dick & Harry has a freakin' bike now; Wild Hogs, nuff said.
5 I was on a trans-USA trip on my Harley and trusted these guy's with my baby, my 2002 Springer. I was nervous as my bikes have been butchered by the monkeys in HD dealerships before (wrong parts, wrong seals, oil leaking out over brakes.......MF'ers).  But they did me proud. It was like a new bike!!! really great service Guys.  I had flown into Vegas and rented a bike for a week before as well. That was also a great experience.  I wish I could make them my regular dealer. I Got f#$@ed over by the douche's in Atlanta again last week!!
1 The single worst experience I have ever had with an auto manufacture bold face lieing to me. They have had my Bike for over 2 months for a simple insurance job. For 1.5 months I have heard "It will be done next week." Just today they tried to calm me down by telling me about the parts they ordered today, when 2 weeks ago one of their service writers told he already ordered it. They will say anything to you to cover up for their lack of ability to get the job done in a timely manner, if you call them on their lies they just stare you and say nothing. Worst experience ever, I wonder how Victory treats its customers, because anything else has to be better being treated like an inconvenient  dollar symbol.
1 Finally got my bike, but lets start at the  beginning of the shoddy workmanship. They missed 3 major parts, that was over looked on the job (pipes, seat, and airbox cover) so now I have to get a hold of the insurance adjuster so I can get compensated for the parts. I went to take the paper off the right mirror, before even leaving the building and the turn signal lens cap falls off, just falls off. All the service writer can say is "I took it on 2 test rides." Well if he did then he missed the fact that the bike will not start unless it is in neutral and the security system light stays on all the time. All of this after waiting over 2 months to get my bike back from a simple insurance job. Never, never, never again. Harley Davidson I love your product, but hate your company, service, and your worship of the dollar above all else.
1 So, my drive belt broke 1300 miles from home [DARN!]  Had my Road King towed to LVHD, and was happily surprised to find that they were open on a Sunday.  Told 'em I absolutely had to get it back Wednesday night so I leave early Thursday.  They got 'er open & said the forward pinion was worn & that's why the belt broke.  Okay, I can believe that.  Told 'em to have the part flown in overnight - they got the part on Tuesday & assured me the bike'd be ready Wednesday Afternoon.   Tuesday afternoon, they said they wanted to replace the engine mounts (engine mounts?  What's that got to do with a broken belt?)  I said ok, so long as I can still get the bike back Wednesday eve.  They said no problem.  Wednesday,  "Well, we'll get 'er done first thing in the morning."  [HECK!]  Showed up Thursday morning "well, maybe by noon."  You guessed it, finally got the bike back after three pm.  Hottest part of the day, and I've got a reservation in Salt Lake City.  As I (finally) pulled out, I didn't know whether to be PO'd or not.  It took longer than it should, but they did have to squeeze it in.  Were they padding the bill on a stranded traveler? But they did knock a few bucks off.    The next morning, I did my usual inspection & noticed that a custom chrome part was missing.  [SHOOT!] The day before I got home, I had to dodge an SUV [OH FUDGE!] and discovered my horn wasn't working [OOOOH FUUUUH....].  Seems the mech hadn't tightened it down all the way, it was swinging around and severed one of the wires.    Got home, called the shop & asked for my part back.  They said sure, we'll mail it right out.  That was three months ago.  No part yet.  Okay, now I know whether to be PO'd.
5 The only place to buy a Harley or get your hog serviced.  Great people who genuinely care about you and your ride.
5 Rented 2 Harley's from these folks last week (Road King and Fat Boy lo).  Bikes were in excellent condition - one had 1600 miles on it and the other had 3500.  Showed up at 8AM - Check in was easy and only took a few minutes.  They quickly had us outside and on the bikes.  We took their full coverage insurance.  We rode from the shop out to Hoover Dam, then up to Overton for lunch.  We went back through Valley of Fire State Park before heading back to Vegas.  A great ride (about 200 miles)  Unfortunately one in the group dropped their Fat Boy while standing still in a parking area - nobody hurt - maybe a bruised ego.  Bike had a few scratches - turn signal, derby cover, clutch lever and left mirror all has scrapes.  Went back to the Dealer a little early, knowing they would need to write an estimate.  They inspected the bike closely and promptly wrote up an estimate.  The manager was directly involved in reviewing the figures and explaining the charges to us.    We could not have been more pleased with the way the Rental Manager handled the matter.  We will be back to rent from them again.
1 Some scratches to a rental bike, turned into a $2,000.00 deductible.  Never shown the claimed damages.  Never given an estimate until 2-weeks later when the bike was already "fixed" and all the parts that "had" to be replaced were thrown out.  RIGHT!!!!  BUNCH OF CROOKS!!!
5 I have been thinking about getting a bike for years now and have been visiting shops trying to decide what bike i will be purchasing.  I was really impressed with the way we were treated at this dealership! The sales guy up front was very friendly and did not pressure us like they do at Ride Now. Got to sit on pretty much all the bikes to get a better idea on what to go with.   Just had a really fun time at this location and will be visiting again.
5 My aunt and my uncle are fans, so we usually end up here when they invite us to their timeshare. This place is HUGE! Fun photo op where you can pose on a harley in front of a Vegas sign. The people working here are super nice and i'd recommend for any Harley fans!
