1 What a crappy neighborhood. Go a few miles another direction if you need to hit a Walgreens. Go to the one on Green Valley maybe if you need the clinic in particular. Just skip out on this one for your own sanity.
1 Avoid this walgreens location at night! This is not the best area, located near several extended stay suites which is filled with crackheads, and prostitutes. At night there are sketchy people posted near the entrance constantly hustling you for money. If you need to make a trip to a Walgreens nearby, I suggest going to the Sahara and Nellis location.
1 I stopped going to this location. There is always someone waiting outside to ask for money, cigarettes, a cell phone call, etc. this store is on my way to work, I used to stop here at least twice a week, then I got tired of the vagrants, beggars, and drug addicts harassing me.
4 We live in Los Angeles and always stay at Sam's Town across the street when we come to town.  Twice now we've had prescription emergencies where we absolutely had to get a refill from back in Los Angeles, and the pharmacy staff at this Walgreen's has always been very helpful and efficient for us.  My prescription was actually with CVS, but I needed the refill in the middle of the night, and none of the CVS stores in Vegas have pharmacies that are open 24 hours, at least that we could find.  The store might be open, but not the pharmacy.  This Walgreen's also has a lot of great stuff to look at it in the store, and you can usually find a great souvenir, etc.  And they are open 24 hours.  The only downside is that there are sometimes odd people in the parking lot, and I wouldn't feel completely comfortable walking into the store by myself at like 3am, but hey, how many places can you say that about anyway these days?  We consider this Walgreen's our home away from home Walgreen's.
5 Having the ability to schedule online appointments for the Take Care Clinic PA's and NP's is a much better option for me personally. I have used their services three times during the previous 12 months and each time it has been a pleasant, informative experience.
3 It is convenient location.
5 We needed meds and we got them asap. This walgreens has alcohol,  wine, food, food court. Whatever you need they will have it. Friendly staff. Fast service.  Open 24 hours. 6 cashiers. A pharmacy.
