3 My first and only time riding Las Vegas' bus system was just a few days ago on New Year's Eve.  I wanted a cheap and safe way to get to the strip and this was my best option.  Despite living here on and off going on seven years now, this is my first adventure, so let's break it down.  The ride to:  Actually kinda fun.  I was able to hop on at a stop just a block or so away from my apartment.  The first leg took us to the South Strip transfer station where I got on a bus driven by a friendly young man "staight outta detroit" and a self-proclaimed "gangsta" but not in a creepy/scary way.  It was New Year's, the bus crowd was in a good mood and he made good use of the PA system, especially when we stopped at a red light next to a car that featured a couple having sex in the backseat.  Oh, Vegas.  The ride back: Not so great.  Had to walk a couple of miles just to reach a bus stop because of all the closures on the strip, which isn't the RTC's fault.  But once I got on a bus and reached the transfer station it was a bit of a fail.  We waited in the cold for a good 40 minutes for a bus to arrive.  People were worn out and just wanted to go home.  Would have been wise to have more buses on the ride during the busiest night of the year, but them's the breaks when you live in a city in financial dire straits.  Still, we all ended up getting home just fine.  I wouldn't want to ride RTC with any regularity, but it does the job in those special occasions when you need someone else to do the driving.
1 Pros: Well, at least we have a bus.  Cons: Long waits inbetween buses/infrequent service. Ridiculous fare prices that seem to go up every 2 months.  HORRIFIC routing. Gives priority to The Strip/tourists.(Well isn't that surprising?) Assumes everyone who lives on the far north, west and south sides has a car. The monorail failed, so now they're using bus riders as a scapegoat by raising the bus fare.  I hate Las Vegas public transportation. It's truly, utterly ridiculous. I don't think i'm ever going to get over how I have to take 3 buses to get to CSN on Charleston just because they refuse to place a bus on the major street nearest to where I live.
4 For the regular RTC bus lines, I am not impressed.   At least we have a bus, but useless in helping you out if you're not near on a main street going to a simple destination. When I first moved here, I used the RTC Tropicana line down to the strip. That was A-OK, easy enough and I'd give it a 3.5 star, until one day they had nearly started a riot. We had ridden the bus a few blocks down from my stop and told us the bus got hit last night and that they were taking it off service and another bus is on the way...maybe 10-15 minutes away. This was during peak morning hours where it was a jam packed extra length bus of people who worked in the casinos- we can't be fucking late! WTF? Why didn't they take the bus off last night when it got hit or taken it off service at the end stop of a route or why didn't they have the new bus go ahead of time and be waiting for us at that stop? IDIOTS in high places couldn't figure this simple solution out, but I sometimes feel they really don't give a damn about standards since what other alternative do bus riders have to the RTC? Yeah, many people were yelling, walked out and RAN to the strip, some walked to the Orleans to catch cabs, some like me stayed. I figured whatever I do, I'll be late and I was late. I had to run from the stop by Tropicana Hotel all the way to Planet Hollywood to make it 5 minutes before opening up shop in Miracle Mile. Pffft. It ruined my day having angry customers banging on the door while I'm trying to count out and open the register in a hurry and knowing I had one strike on my tardy record added.   And when it comes to getting to other places around the city, forget it. I route a few spots that seemed simple enough to get to, it was like 2-4 bus transfers and a good 30 minute walk. It was pretty laughable to get 10 miles away it would take me that many bus stops and about 2-3 hours. It just means for things like that, people should have bicycles and they'll also get a nice exercise and be there in 30-60 minutes.   Regular RTC gets a ONE star.   Now why the 4 star after talking the smack about the CAT bus?   Well, it's for the ACEXpress lines that restored my faith that they are trying to improve.  There is a ACEXpress C-Line that just opened up by my house in Centennial Hills. The transit starts at the Transit Station on N Durango and Elkhorn, goes on the 95FWY and stops at 4th St and Fremont in downtown, then goes to the Premium Outlets on Grand Central, then to the side of TI on Spring Mtn., Howard Hughes and Corporate Dr. and in front of UNLV.   It wasn't a bad ride and whole lot easier for me to get down that ways to meet the BF at his work while I don't drive. Given, I'm probably not going to need it in a few months when I have a license, but I'm also thinking about my visiting friends and family. Don't have to pick their ass up- they can ride their on the bus up to my house now. HAHAHA   One bit of sadness though-   TWO WORDS: DESIGNATED DRIVER.   If you live in Centennial Hills and planning to go to the clubs and get smashed, just riding this back home would be a good idea, but I think the last bus is 12am and doesn't start until 6-7am for work commutes. It was about 38 minutes from the transit center to TI and stops about every hour so would be convenient and just as fast as a car ride. It'll probably take a $60 cab to get up here when a C-Line one way ticket is $2 for locals and I think $3 for non. The short walk can be sobering or you can puke al fresco. RTC, tap into this.   Otherwise, I'm happy there's a convenient bus for tourist friends who complain I live too far. No excuses now! Wooot! For that simple fact, they deserve the "I'm a fan" rating though I think it's just a A-OK service. 3.5 stars I suppose would be the most accurate (Yelp put a broader point system in!). rating of the new C-Line.
1 Another gripe:  Why is it that most of the bus pass vendors are sketchy check loan centers such as Check City or Money Tree? And at the same time you guys take forever to supply the bookstore at CSN with more bus passes(as of today, they have been out of them for a week). (P.S. I'm already aware that they finally decided to start vending them at Alberston's, which, you know, makes sense seeing that it is a grocery store, which is a place that people are more likely to go out of their way for than a fucking Check Cashing place. That's besides my point).  Excuse me for not wanting to be forced to pay 3-5  bucks more for a piece of paper which you guys already charge too much for to begin with so I don't have to be forced to spend close to ONE HUNDRED dollars in one month on the bus rides I need to get back and forth to school every day.   Just needed to let that out. It always feels slightly better to ride Las Vegas public transportation when you have an outlet to air out your frustrations about it. :)
2 Important Tip: Don't mistake a RTC bus pass for the monorail pass.  It's a waste of $5.00 and you end up having to purchase another $5 monorail pass.  No, we weren't drunk when purchasing this but we weren't offerred a lot of guidance either by the automated kiosk.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]
1 SO. RUFF.  with a million fs
1 Oh dear lord.  MOAR Problems with the RTC: Inconsistent Scheduling - For this semester of CSN I decided to pick earlier classes, so I figured that the schedules for all the buses in the morning would essentially be the same as the schedules in the late afternoon/evening. I was wrong.  On my old schedule, when I was taking the Flamingo bus to Rainbow, the Northbound Rainbow bus would come within 5-10 minutes after the Flamingo bus arrived. On my new schedule, the Rainbow bus gets to Flamingo going Northbound 5 minutes BEFORE the Flamingo bus gets there. And that's just one issue. I decided to take a closer look at my bus schedule since I only pay attention to the times when I have to catch the bus and then promptly forget afterwards. It was then I realized that the schedules for the majority of the buses are random as all hell. I guess I was pretty naive for being annoyed that most of them only run every 30 minutes, I realized that their schedules greatly fluctuate between 20-40 minutes. It's ridiculous and makes absolutely no sense. Detours - ENOUGH WITH THESE BLASTED DETOURS ALREADY. RTC, do you have any idea how annoying it is when I'm somewhere on Flamingo east of Rainbow, ready to go home and hop on the Flamingo bus only to see that it ends at Rainbow. WHY? Flamingo is a very major street littered with businesses and close to the homes of many, THAT DETOUR MAKES ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE. And yes, this isn't the only example.   Also, there really need to be buses on Fort Apache, Hualapai, Durango and Buffalo, but that's just beating a dead horse.   On a side note, at least a mild improvement has been made recently: No more upcharge for the buses that mainly serve The Strip and other tourist areas, and the new express buses, but none of that warrants another star from me. Sorry.
1 http://rtcsnv.com/mpo/projects/flamingo/index.cfm  Okay, so the RTC has just proposed the Flamingo express which would be like the express buses we have for Strip/Downtown and Centennial Hills. Now this definitely sounded like an upgrade....until I got to this part:  "10-mile corridor that would extend from Rainbow Boulevard to Nellis Boulevard."  ONLY to Rainbow? This express bus is incapable of serving anyone west of Rainbow?  I have no words.
2 RTC's reply to my question:  "The project is defined as Rainbow to Nellis since that's where the roadway improvements will take place as far as a dedicated bus lane.  However, the route would extend to the ends as they do now on the existing Route 202.  Unfortunately the information provided on the website understandably leads people to believe an express route would only operate between Rainbow and Nellis.  If this is ever constructed, we have full intent of operating the route from the current Grand Canyon area to the Cannery and make use of the dedicated lanes between Rainbow and Nellis. Thank you for your feedback."  Okay, I'll take back what I said previously.
3 Las Vegas has an OK bus system, but it really needs to upgrade to a rail system (especially on the Strip) to be effective. Rail would better handle the heavy volume of strip public transit usage that the overcrowded buses receive, as a rail line can handle more pedestrians, and because a rail line would not be hindered by vehicle traffic, and therefore transit could come more frequently and on schedule.  The monorail wasn't an option to me as a tourist because it is an unconnected transit system, stations are too far from the strip, and it went nowhere except the strip (not to downtown, not to UNLV, and not to the airport). These concerns basically sum up the issues I had while using the city bus system in Las Vegas. It was overcrowded, slow, and was constantly getting stuck in traffic. Worse yet, stations were placed in unusual locations that were not super convenient to the casinos on the strip. It was only 6 miles from Tropicana to downtown, yet it took an hour (not including the 20 minutes I waited for the bus to arrive). At least the airport express arrived when I was ready to return to the strip, as that was far more efficient, but I am not sure if that was just pure luck.  This is not the worst public transit system I have experienced, as the buses themselves were pretty clean, and the system pretty much runs 24 hours a day (which is a huge benefit if touring at night). But the frequency could really be improved. Also, for a public bus system, it was quite expensive. It was by far one of the most expensive public transit systems I have ever experienced. $7 for a day pass on the Deuce (and the other bus routes) is a bit pricey. Thats more than New York!
5 Having used public transportation in cities across the country, I found the RTC buses to be on time, running often and clean, hbrid motored, and easy to use. Getting from Fremont street to the convention center was easy. Additionally, the people riding the bus were very sharing with seats and polite.  Ride the Bus save money and get there quickly! The all day pass is great!
1 My very first trip to Vegas was dampened by the rude Bus Drivers! I work for a Transit System as well, so I am aware of the challenges of people and the road, but there is no excuse to be so rude. Caught the 104 , asked the Bus Driver if he was going past the Mall, told us No, kept saying to us "Are you riding with me or not..Im late" He wasn't late, had a 10 minute layover at the South Transit Centre. He only kinda helped after I informed him I am a union member and also drive City buses. Caught the SDX bus back, while it was at the Transit Centre, not moving, I looked in the Black Plexiglas window to check out the cockpit. A Female driver violently banged on the window, telling me I couldn't stand there and not hold onto the blue handle that is right in front of it. My friends also had similar experiences! I doubt very much that I will return to Vegas and spend my money there, the hotels make a ton of money, they need to get their own Hotel Shuttles going if they want to keep tourists coming back. Ive been treated better in 3rd world countries using their tiny buses!
2 Horrible service outside the strip and too slow on the strip to be worthwhile.  An embarrassment to the las Vegas metro area. They only get two stars because the Deuce on the strip is not a bad way for tourists to ride a double decker bus up and down the strip (air conditioning, generally). However, even that's really slow -- but that's not RTC fault.  Everything else however is. They are a terribly dysfunctional agency who's service outside the strip is HORRENDOUS with buses routinely missing their scheduled time at least 2,3 times in a row. And this isn't due to traffic (as on the strip) its just because buses don't show up (I know because I often start at a terminus, and have waited an hour several times for a bus that is supposed to run every 15 minutes).   I made the mistake of buying a 3 day bus pass in advance ($20, good deal or so it seems) for a 4 day trip. By the second day I knew I had made a horrible mistake, and there was no discussion but on the fourth day I used taxis. One of the taxi drivers (without me prompting) told me how everyone tells him the bus service is so bad and how its good for him. Personally I used to just rent a car but that's one of the few things that got a lot more expensive recently in Vegas.   However, if you don't drink a lot I would just rent a car, otherwise, get a taxi. Don't get the bus, it will just ruin your vacation here. And for locals, it's even worse. These are people trying to get to jobs using the bus and they can only guess if they'll make it. RTC is by far the worst bus service in the country and the US has a lot of bad public bus companies. During my three days I noticed MANY fare inspectors on the buses; if RTC just instead invested in dispatchers and technology to make sure their buses run even close to schedule they would do a much better job. For a city with so many people so close by, RTC should have an easy job running buses profitably. But like the taxi driver told me, it's almost like a conspiracy to make the buses horrible so people will take the taxis/limos instead.
1 RTC of Las Vegas is one of the most IGNORANT and insufficient Transportation Companies I've ever Encountered . This Company has some very Serious Issues internally "Meaning Administrative " and as well the Bus Service Itself. There is nothing good about this Public Transportation Service here in Las Vegas .SOME of the drivers are very rude and disconcerning about the passengers and are not helpful at all when a person that rides needs information and or directions about linking with another bus to get where they're going . The Worst experience that I've had  however is in regards to the Bus pass and or Transfer Transaction. this is the main reason for this Blog. I have been a PAYING CUSTOMER / rider and have exoerienced a Blank Transfer Dispensed out of the Fare Box  , in which the Bus Pass should Have Writing on the Back Indicating Time Of Purchase until Time Of Expiration.This has Been going on for Over 31/2 Years on My Behalf and each time I have filed a Complaint to RTC and it's Company.  I have at least Ten Complaints filed during this span of time to this Date . I've been into Disputes with RTC Driver about a PAID FARE and Also Attacked  by some of  the Passengers ,where they complained that "I" was holding up the bus because I wanted the driver to print out another transfer and or an alternative that RTC advised in case this happened again. The Bus Pass has a strip on back where you swipe the strip on the Bus Pass when you Board another Bus.RTC CLAIMS that if the Bus Pass prints out Totally Blank , that the black Swipe Stripe would still make trhe transfer Valid. On the Contrary I bought a Transfer /Buss Pass in the Past that came out completely Blank and the swipe strip did not beep in the fare box to confirm validity.My Comment about RTC BEING IGNORANT - comes from my Experiences with  Rtc Tansfers not being readable and or Valid .has happened to me Over and Over Again.,I've Approached The Business Offices In Writing about this Situation and RTC is still Dispensing Transfers Blank . RTC Says they have been notified to fix the fare boxes and have done so , Where the Fare Box runs out of ink !?!?  That is FALSEHOOD I have recently made moves to REMEDY this situation with  Pending Legal Procedures , this being the last resort on my behalf . Shame on RTC for the DISSERVICE and NON COMMUNICATION !!!!
2 Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 23/100  Where do I even begin?   Take this standpoint from a local who has tolerated the frequent 30-minute delays for about 5 years now. All because I somehow convinced myself - for some reason - that my long background with commuter trains, buses, trams and minibuses back in Hong Kong would help me get by without a car. Reality is, you cannot get by without a car in Vegas. RTC did it for me today, I wave my white flag and am just waiting till exams are over so that my license will finally get into the picture.   Today, I left the Sahara West Library 15 minutes before closing to give myself ample waiting time before SX-B would arrive. 2 hours later, not a single bus arrived. Don't take my words with a grain of salt. I'm not even exaggerating. As 8pm hit, I began to suspect that something was amiss. Were the employees on strike? Did the buses break down? RTC phone line only ran till 6pm so that was not an option. Friends/family who had cars were not available to pick me up. Before I knew it, a whole sunset had just taken place before my eyes and the sky was already dark. What on earth was this supposed to be, a layover of some sort? Even airport waiting times were never as long. Just tragic.   Anyway, what I did next was brisk walk all the way from the Grand Canyon stop to Fort Apache, hoping to try my luck on the SX-A (which meets with the SX-B at Fort Apache).There were people - good sign of safety - and lights. Almost 3 hours into my wait, guess which bus arrived - SX-B - the one I had waited for all afternoon! And the driver did not even knew what went on. I was outraged. To think how much time it would've taken to get home - 5 neighborhood blocks away - which would've been 10 minutes by car! I had 2 books checked out from the library, both of which I finished reading by the time the bus arrived.   RTC gravely needs to improve their payment system as well, by establishing a tap card-ish service (we called them octopus cards in HK, clipper at the Bay). Buses run late sometimes because people take long paying $2/$5 in pennies and many times, the swipe-in day passes don't work once they are crumpled up a bit. There have been numerous instances where fights broke out and the drivers didn't mind having it going.   Recently, RTC has tried to up its services by installing wi-fi within the bus. Perhaps it would be more useful to have that installed at the stops instead considering the delays and waiting. I understand that public transportation is not a big thing in this city but why don't we stop to think that maybe the reason people are so resistant to give up driving is because they have heard discouraging stories - turning the situation into a vicious cycle. Ever since I started college, I sought refuge in RTC to get me to school on time. However, after that one winter morning when the bus never arrived for me to catch a chemistry quiz (thankfully a friend swooped me to school just in time), I leave the house 2 hours before my first class just to make sure I am punctual.   For the sake of the people of Las Vegas, I hope RTC will be able to tackle the issues that have been surrounding the agency for awhile now and improve their efficiency.   Sorry guys, 2 stars.
1 I am writing this review as I'm I am trying to calm myself. I needed to take the bus from the Monte Carlo to Town Square. I get to the MC stop and there is no machine to buy a ticket. So I figured I could pay with my card on the bus itself. WRONG! I get on and ask to pay in card and the woman rudely told me, Cash Only. Well all I had was a $20 bill for a ticket that only costs $5. I asked if it would give change and she said, No Change. So I paid $15 EXTRA for a ticket because YOU, the RTC do not have a ticket machine at each bus stop!   So we get to Mandalay Bay and the woman says, Last Stop. So she continues on and I walk down to the second level and say, "doesn't this go to Town Square?" She says no and I inform her that the maps for the Deuce at Monte Carlo said there is a stop at Town Square.   I am extremely dissatisfied with my very first experience with the RTC and will certainly never use it or recommend it to anyone ever again.
