5 This place just moved to a new location at 3655 South Rainbow, in the Walmart, Sam'sClub, and Applebees shopping center. The online website still gives the old address.    Overall, prices are great.  Ink quality is gets the job done, but manufacturer ink is still the best.  Service is fast and friendly, which is why I like the place.
2 Prices are good. Service is good until there is a problem. I had a $89 blue cartridge for my laser printer explode inside my printer 8 months after I purchased it. The cartridge was over 1/2 full and they would not replace/repair it. They wanted me to buy another one and send this one back to the corporate office or something. Either way there was nothing they would do at the store and I needed to buy another one. Other options give you at least a year of a warranty (which is silly anyways, original HP ones that are only $30 more are warranted no questions asked)  Either way, they are an option, but for the money, if you have time order from any of the companies online. The cartridge Cartridge World charged me $89 for and would not warranty for me after 8 months is available online for $28 with a 2 year warranty.. But in a pinch, they are cheaper than going to office max.
1 bought new cartridges for my printer thought i would be saving a bunch of money but in reality i saved maybe $5 and two weeks fromt he time i bought it . now i have printer ink issues. and cant print anything. i would just spend the extra $5 and get brand new ones
1 The customer service I received today was completely uncalled for and extremely rude. They sold me an empty cartridge which I returned immediately for replacement. They declared there was no way that could have happened because the empty cartridge from THEIR box was not theirs because it didn't have their label on it (which obviously they forgot to put their label on the cartridge which had not been filled yet). When I became visibly upset at this response, they said I was attacking THEIR integrity and stated they did not want me as a customer after I had been buying ink regularly from them for 7 months with no problems.  They do not deserve ANY stars. I have NEVER been treated so rudely. As a retail manager for 7 years, we always treated the customer with utmost respect "the customer is always right!"  I was stunned with the treatment I received and do not recommend you take a chance with having the same problem. IF you choose to do business with them, make sure you OPEN the box before leaving the store so they have NO recourse such as what I experienced!!!!!
5 I think this store is great!! it is a HUGE savings with helpful employees. I love to save on my printer ink, and it is great quality for the value! If there is ever a problem w/ my cartridge I take it in right away, and they are always very helpful to get it fixed for me!!  I would highly recommend this store to everyone!!! You should give it a try, I really have saved a lot of money!!
5 I know the manager, Sham, through networking and he's always taken care of me and is enthusiastic about growing his business. I was pleased that he hired my friend Jamie and she's great with customer service, much better than others he's had in the past. Hold on to her! I was at first concerned about using refilled cartridges (HP yells at you) but I haven't had any problems. I print a lot of cyan (darn company branding) so that runs out quick. I'll be back for more this week. Try them out to save money. They also promote local businesses as a a do-gooder touch.
4 Great customer service today!
5 Found what I need at a price much lower than any I could find anywhere else. They worked just fine, and then we swapped them out. Plus, they recycle EVERYTHING - even the boxes the cartridges come in, gotta love that.  They have always been quick and courteous. I just bring in the old ones and they do the rest.  Perfect for us small business owners!
5 I enjoy doing business here because I always know I'll be greeted by friendly, helpful people. They provide a quality, affordable product and in a very efficient manner. I highly recommend them!
5 great place for printer ink! I buy the family ink from here, and always replace the cartridges by bringing them (the old used ones) in for a discount on my purchase, it's awesome :)
5 This place is great! Always had the cartridges I need and great hours. Great customer service. Location is perfect right by Walmart.
5 I had no idea this place existed and was actually referred to by Office Max. I was running an errand for a company and needed to refill this older cartdrige fast. Jaime had helped me and gave me several options and even called a sister store to see if they had an extra cartridge for my companys' printer. Simple and effecient, i will definately be going through Cartridge World in the future.
5 I walked in and the place is pretty huge in comparison to the other cartridge refill stores.  They have a wide range of brands to choose from!! Bring in your old cartridges and they'll swap out for a ink filled one :) it literally was a quick walk in and out and I got ink for my printer.  Highly recommended !!
