5 Really great place to purchase Car Crap as a woman. I was greeted right away and told the nice sales person what I was recommended by the oil change place, I needed a new battery. He said he will test it first to make sure I actually need one.  He walked me trhu the test and yes it was bad (well 4 years old lol) He showed me the different prices and recommended the cheapest one they had in stock, it came with full warranty and free install and  I got my 10% military discount :)  This man was awesome!! He showed me some stuff in the engine I needed to watch for if sonmething breaks or wears out. AAAA PLUS
4 There store is laid out nice however I had a hard time finding my part. I only needed a gas cap and it was not apparent to me that you had to ask them for help with type of part.  Signs to help you understand what is over the counter vs behind the counter would be very helpful. This way customers are not running in circles around the store looking for item that a rep has to assist them with.
5 I come here all the time because I like to keep my car looking spiffy. Meguiar's Tire shine works really good for me and I got the nextgen extreme tire shine for my Acura. Isles were easy to navigate and everything was well organized. But what's up with these autopart stores and their floor??? When I walk around with tennis shoes, I'm always squeaking lol. Either these floors are always super duper clean or my Jordan's are fake! Anyways, I grabbed the tire shine, payed for it, and left. This AutoZone has pretty good standard on customer service and they are very knowledgeable. I will continue to shop here.
3 I gave it a 3 star because they went outside to check out my car.   But they couldn't fix a minor problem on my car because of their policy.   Booo.......    So I was stuck there until I had to call my friend to help me get a tow truck to come by and picked it up.  Now. ....  my friend who is a mechanic has the car and is fixing it.  I should of stop somewhere else where they can check the problem and fix it at the same time.   Instead of wasting time.
