5 Dr. Paez and Dr. Yontz a true professionals.  Their standard of care is unmatched.  They take the time to explain the tests they are doing and exactly what is going on with my eyes.  I would never to to anyone else...
5 I can see!  After finding out I had Keratoconous and that Lasik eye surgery was not an option for my condition; I settled for partial vision until Dr. Paez made it happen.  He put me in a contact lens called Synergize that actually allowed me to see by pushing on my cornea.  Very cool!  I will forever be grateful.
5 After finding out I had Keratoconous and that Lasik eye surgery was not an option for my condition; I settled for partial vision until Dr. Paez made it happen.  He put me in a contact lens called Synergize that actually allowed me to see by pushing on my cornea.  Very cool!  I will forever be grateful.
5 Staff nice, facility clean and prices not to bad
5 In general, I do not like doctors and I'm usually reluctant to go to them.  However, I had to trust Dr. Smith out of desperation because I had contracted a very bad case of pink eye that would not go away on its own and I awoke one morning with my eyes feeling like they were glued shut.  After washing away the discharge, I noticed that my eyes were extremely sensitive to light.  I became worried.  I'd had pink eye in the past which seemed like no big deal and went away by itself after a few days.  But this latest case was different; I'd never experienced these symptoms before.  There are different types of pink eye and a couple of them are VERY serious.  It can, in fact, be dangerous.  I had contracted one of the types which, left untreated, would've caused major damage to my cornea and eventually could have led to a LOSS OF VISION.  I found Dr. Smith to be very kind.  More importantly, she listened very well, conducted a very thorough examination, gave me a comprehensible explanation of my situation, and she made a proper determination and prescription to rid me of the problem.  So, obviously I highly recommend her.  But regardless of which doctor you choose, do not ignore pink eye.  Only a good doctor can make an accurate diagnosis as to which type you have and which method of treatment will cure it.  There are different methods for the different types, so get to a doctor and have the doctor advise you.
5 Wow!  What a difference from their old location!  Great staff, very friendly and helpful. I have seen only one doctor but she has been great in helping me fix my sons eyes. They have complimentary Keurig coffee and a tiny nook that is supposed to be a play area but is not impressive. There are a few books and a tiny train table but it is better then nothing!
5 I love this place! staff was pleasant and laid back. The woman who helped us find our glasses was very patient and took her time at breaking down the prices for us. The eye exam part was easy and didn't require that liquid dialating thing that makes you feel like you're in the movie Total Recall. The whole process was pretty fast too. They have this badass Kureg for clients; that was just like the cherry on top of a great experience =)
5 The staff and doctor are all so wonderfully nice, helpful, and professional here.  We will definitely come here for all of our eye needs! Hands down the best optic care business!
4 Being new to town I found Dr. Paez on Yelp and had a very postive experience with their office.  Dr. Paez was very patient and professional.  I love the new contact he put me in and they updated the Rx for my glasses as well.
4 Andy and I came here recently to get prescription glasses, from the results we apparently really needed them! The staff was friendly and on top of things. I do have to say however the iPad they give you to input all your information is a total pain, it doesn't work and is very frustrating. But i give it a pass being as its very eco friendly. The exam went smooth. The doctor however was apparently a "fill in" so it was apparent she couldn't have cared less. She even got Andy's prescription wrong and he had to go back in to get his glasses redone. I'm giving it a 4 star because of the staff and frame selection.
5 I highly, highly recommend Dr. Paez and the Optic Gallery on Eastern.  The staff is great, the office is clean and conveniently located, and the doctors are all extremely knowledgeable and accommodating.  I have gone to Dr. Paez for years for my regularly scheduled eye exams and to purchase glasses and contacts.  The prices are reasonable and the selection for eyeglass frames is the best I've found.  They have everything from high end designer all the way down to less expensive but still stylish choices.  Dr. Paez also did my pre- and post-op LASIK vision care.  I can't thank Dr. Paez and his staff enough for how great they've been over the years.  If you're looking for an eye doctor in Las Vegas, look no further than Optic Gallery on Eastern and Dr. Paez.
