2 Appointment time 2:45. Saw optometrist at 4:00. Wait was way too long. Selection of frames was underwhelming. The doctor always seems to be selling you something instead of listening to you.
5 I've been a patient at this office for several years now & I've received nothing but friendly prompt service every time. From the front desk, to the doctors assistant, they have me in & out within 30 mins & on with my day. Dr. Mancuso always makes sure I'm aware of all options pertaining to my eye issues but is never pushy. I will continue to be a loyal patient.
1 Had a multitude of sub-par experiences here.  I can attest to the earlier review of being upsold to, a general impression of disinterest from the doctor, as well as long wait times in the office.    I went in for a contact lenses in the Spring/Summer of 2013, and as someone with astigmatism, I was upsold into a hard/soft hybrid contact lens that was new to the market and would supposedly "revolutionize" my near-sighted vision correction.    Before I detail that, let me take a moment to discuss the "bedside manner" of Doctor Mancuso, which is to say that it's particularly poor.  I did not feel that he was invested or interested in hearing about my eye health, and worse, he seemed to feel the need to use my eyes as his practice dummy to remove the hybrid contacts (which he wasn't very familiar with) and scratched them pretty heavily in the process.  His solution to this was "pain go buh-bye" eyedrops (his words, not mine)... needless to say, in addition to the scratched eye, I didn't enjoy his speaking to me like I was a 6-year old either.  Back to the hybrid lenses:  Fast forward to several follow up appointments and refittings and one miserable summer of never being arms reach away from very expensive eye lubricating drops and where it seemed that I'd never be a contact wearer again.  After finally just having enough of the dry, painful hybrid lenses I was testing.  I returned the lenses to the office and demanded to go back to my old brand of soft lenses.  Dr. Mancuso seemed crestfallen (as I think I cost him a commission), he tried his best to let the process continue of refittings and adjustments and held over me that my eyesight wouldn't be nearly as clear with my old soft toric lenses.  I insisted, however, and he finally ordered the soft lenses for me to which I've had no further issues with in terms of vision.  Fast forward again:  Adding insult to injury, last month, I called requesting a re-up on my 6-month contact supply and was told they would take 7-10 days and that I would be called when the order arrived.  I was even invited to pay for them via phone, but I declined, saying I'd do so in person.  After 3 weeks without a call from the office to confirm their arrival, I called today to be told that no order was placed and that I'd be needed in for a follow up appointment.  My prescription had run out and I'd be needed in the office for a new appointment before an order could be placed.  No consideration was given for the fact that Doctor Mancuso wasted over 3 months of my time with the hybrid lenses that he was ill-equipped to sell, service, or do fittings on.  It's been well under a year since I ordered the soft lenses, and that he's not able to put in a reorder in given the circumstances is insulting.  The level of passive-aggressive customer service among his staff in the office to not call me after telling me order was being placed is nearly worse.  There are a lot of eye doctors to choose from in Las Vegas.  I'll never go to this one again.  Do yourself a favor and do the same.
5 Dr. Mancuso and his staff are fantastic. They were very attentive to my needs and were very helpful in determining what was best for me. They explain the procedures and fees as you go along so there are no surprises in the end. They started me off with samples of products they recommend so that I know what to look for when I go to the store. They also gave me a bunch of coupons so that was a plus. I'm glad to be a patient at Clearvision Eye Center-Horizon Ridge!!
