4 I am always skeptical about trying new Chinese food restaurants, but I will definitely be back to Kan's Kitchen.   I have tasted the following:   Yang Chow Fried Rice - The rice was very tasty and hit the spot! My only request is bigger pieces of meats.  Beef Pan-Fried Noodles - I had certain expectations and this plate met all of them. The noodles were crispy and the gravy was delicious. Together made the perfect dish.  Spicy Salt and Pepper Pork - They were very generous with the Spicy Salt and Pepper and it's awesome to mix in with your fried rice. YUM! I can't forget to mention the pork was very tender.  Strings Beans in XO sauce - If you don't like vegetables, you'll change your mind once you taste this dish. You'll finish a plate like you'll finish a bag of M&M's.   Overall, the food was not too greasy and not too salty, but just enough to be authentic Chinese food.
2 Hit  Kan's last week for dinner  with my girl.   Ordered : White fish ( wok stir fried with water chestnuts, sugar peas ) , Goose "parts" ( as in the stuff normal people don't eat ) , salt/pepper squid, pan fried noodles, rice.  One must be suspicious when the fish comes to you within 2 minutes of ordering it ( may have been 1 minute ) - their wok must have some serious heat because the food was pipping hot !  the fish was moist and tender but i thought there was too much corn starch in the sauce.  the squid - decent and great price ( $8 )  for the serving size.  The goose - not my thing, but  my girl was disappointed in the quality - way too much sauce.  the noodles - very dry, my girl kept saying - not fresh, not fresh, not fresh.  ok i get it, the noodles ain't fresh !!  Came in with high expectations, left saying, scratch one more chinese restaurant off the list.  total cost - $44
5 Am still waiting for the place to reopen after remodeling.   We went there once at 1130PM after driving around looking for a Chinese restaurant with our great friends, Galena and Sebastiaan. Found out this place is open until 4AM!!  The beef chow fun is delicious. I can't remember the rest of the dishes but they were all 8-9 out of 10 to this Chinese food snob.  I have driven there three time since late summer and all three times they have been closed.  06/29/2010. It has been a very long time since I returned to the restaurant. The place was remodeled and is not much cleaner. And I have been back there three times in 6 weeks. Last week, we took a Korean mother and daughter there and our dishes were:  Peking roast duck Salt and pepper pork chops Seafood tofu in clay pot Chicken chow fun with black beans  Total bill: $43.  The mother and daughter team finished off the Peking duck. They ranted and rave about it. They rate Chinese restaurants based on their Peking duck.   My wife almost finished off the pork chops and seafood tofu. I sampled all but loved the chow fun best.  Best thing is we went to the Russian grocery store and bought some European beer and asked the waiter if we could drink our own beer there. First he said "$5 because we sell beer here." We decided not to. Then he brought out 4 tall cold glasses for us and said "Go ahead and drink." We tipped him generously at 30% for making the night memorable.   We had little leftovers but enough for two lunches. And they were awesome the next day.  I wish I had more time here to go there again.   Not sure why others have such bad ratings/experiences for the restaurant. Maybe my taste is not so well developed. I compare the food in Kan's to what I grew up with in Penang, Malaysia and it is comparable in all instances.
5 If you guys are looking for authentic chinese food then you have to visit Kans Kitchen.  I've tried almost all the chinese restaurants in vegas and ive got to say this one i highly recommended.  After they remodeled, the food is even better and the place is extremely clean.  I know a lot of people like KJ kitchen but that place is small crowded and dirty.  So why wait 30min - hr for that when you can have the same quality food at Kans Kitchen.
3 Still on the search for good dim sum in Vegas - we found a place that offers the stuff on the cheap without the big name, space, or the carts.  Sure, I definitely would prefer dim sum sold the traditional way - ladies pushing their steaming carts while hollering out their wares.  Unfortunately, places like that are far and few between, and nearly impossible if you don't have the space or business.  The folks, the Husband, and I headed to Kan's Kitchen to check out their cheap eats menu of $1.80 for most of their items on the dim sum list.   With a handful of customers on a weekday, they asked if we were there for dim sum.  They then provided us with their dim sum menu and their secret menu of things listed only in Chinese.  (Now, many small mom and pop restaurants have this secret menu - sometimes they are posted on the wall and other times they are printed out.  They are only a 'secret' if you can't read Chinese, which is the case with me.  However, my dad can read it just fine and my mom has no shame in asking the wait staff to translate the menu for her...except that sometimes they can only translate it back in Chinese since they don't really know the English translation.  At that point, you need to understand Chinese or you're SOL.)  Anyhow, getting back to the dim sum, we marked off what we wanted and sent it to the kitchen.  My mom immediately requested that they bring the food at a slower pace and not all at once.  All at once is good if you have a large party, not so good with a party of four.  You want the food to still be hot, otherwise you're stuck with dim sum that cools down as we rush to eat them.  These were among the things we ordered:  * Shrimp Har Gow ($1.80) * Steamed Pork Shumai ($1.80) * Steamed Beef Ball ($1.80) * Chicken Feet in Black Bean Sauce ($1.80) * Pork Spare Ribs in Black Bean Sauce ($1.80) * Duck Feet Roll ($1.80) * Fragrant Dumpling ($1.80) * Tofu Skin with Pork and Shrimp Roll ($1.80) * Plain Rice Noodle Roll ($1.80) * Pan Fried Dumpling with Chive, Shrimp & Pork ($1.80)  We also ordered Beef Brisket with Rice Noodle Soup.  My parents though the dim sum was good, and we had to agree.  It's definitely not bad for less than $2/plate.  Sure, there could be some improvements, but it'll do if you want a quick dim sum fix on the cheap.  Service was good - they were good about refilling our teapot and cleared our plates in a timely manner.  The waiter didn't mind explaining the Chinese-only menu on the wall, which was a good thing since that's were all the good stuff was (lunch specials of beef brisket noodle soup or won ton mein for $4.95).  At least we now know a place that offers good Chinese food for a fraction of the price than other other Chinese restaurants in town.  For those looking for late night dim sum, it's also available after 10 pm too.    3.5 stars  Update! (05.09.10)  A recent lunch visit and just wanted to add a few things...  Instead of going for their dim sum menu - we went for their lunch specials.  They gave me a bunch of menus all written in Chinese, which was useless.  And then gave a few to the Husband in English - which is what we ended up using.    * Beef Chow Mein, Hong Kong-style ($4.95) - Chunky pieces of beef and veggies were part of this dish.  A standard size for the lunch special price.  * Chicken Vegetable Chow Fun ($4.95) - I tried to change this to Vegetable Chow Fun, but it wouldn't be part of the lunch special price.  The waitress went over my lunch choice with me multiple times because she didn't want to get it wrong.  I even said it to her in Cantonese, but she didn't understand me.  When the Chicken Chow Mein arrived, I had to send it back since it was supposed to be thick rice noodles - which the waitress made a point of emphasizing (and still got it wrong).  It was a standard size for the lunch special price.  And although it says vegetables, I do realize that sometimes it can only mean onions, green onions, and bean sprouts.  Despite the initial confusion over what we ordered (and I did hear the waitress speaking Cantonese and Mandarin), the food was fine for what we paid.  Nothing special this time around.    3 stars.  They do have hot chili oil on the tables readily available.  And they do have rock sugar available for chrysanthemum tea.
3 Kan's kitchen is located in a strip mall where chinese food is a dime a dozen. What drew me here were the reviews I read from fellow Yelpers. Why is it that each and every chinese restaurant I walked into has bad decor? Do they all use the same interior designer? Anyway, we ordered a couple of the popular picks from the dimsum list. Service is courteous and fast. Taste of noodles and  pot rice is very flavorful, msg? maybe but more likely YES. The restroom/storage can use some cleaning. The overall rating of the place is a 3.
4 cheap and authentic  Hong Kong dim sum , love the spare ribs and siew mai , you can't beat the price ($1.80/plate) ! But I don't like the pork bun and the shrimp ball , that's why I only give them 4 stars. I would recommend friends to visit them and I would definitely going back next time  .
5 My parents' favorite place-for great prices, delicious dishes, nice servers, and location. When I visit them, this is the place I ask my mom to take me to for their YUMMY sticky rice and fish/snow pea dish. Sorry, I don't know the actual names of these dishes! My mom's the fluent one in Chinese.  Even my godparents who don't know much about Chinese/Cantonese cuisine really love this place!   Give this place a try. I hear they're open again for lunch.  Enjoy!
3 Kan's Kitchen has new hours posted and they are 5 pm to 5 am!  So, not sure if they are still offering late night dim sum as an option.  Looks like they are targeting a different crowd now!  Nonetheless, we came a bit after 9 pm and noticed a steady stream of Chinese families there for a dinner too.  They had a Specials menu - all in the Chinese though.  The waiter couldn't do much with translating beyond 'beef, chicken, etc.' and ended up giving us the Midnight Specials menu which is happily in English!  All items are $4.99 each!  Score!  We ended up with:  * Deep Fried Salt and Pepper Tofu ($4.99) - Little cubes of tofu that are deep fried and spicy.  We both enjoyed this.   * Steamed Chicken with Mushroom ($4.99) - A very simple dish and it's exactly as described - chicken and mushroom. * Hong Kong Pan Fried Noodle ($7.95) - This came off the regular menu and we ordered the noodles separate from the sauce.  (Y'know, so the noodles stay crunchy and don't get soggy underneath too fast  Overall, we find ourselves there when we're looking for some authentic Chinese food without all the frills.  Sure, service is what you expect with only one waiter working and you need to wave him down when you want him.  But it works for us, especially when we're given the specials menu!  Update! (12.11.10)  Drove by this evening and they have shut their doors!  Nearby Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli confirmed that they are not CLOSED!
5 Closed down :(
