5 I am not very photogenic. Usually I end up looking awkward, but Susan made me feel comfortable and beautiful. I got some boudoir pics done for my hubby for Valentine's Day. It was the best gift I could've gotten him. He loved it! He said I should look into modeling. Little does he know, it was all because of Susan. She set up a gorgeous background, the perfect angles & poses, and made me feel comfortable. I would go back to Susan and recommend her to anyone wanting professional and beautiful pictures.
5 Susan is amazing. My boyfriend and I were planning a trip with my family out to Vegas so we signed up for local Groupons to get a few other event ideas, and Light Images Boudoir photo shoot came up. We called before our trip to check on availability prior to leaving and not only did she have availability but she would also honor the voucher even if we didn't buy in. The door is locked at all times for privacy so we rang the buzzer to get in and as soon as you walk through the door you are surrounded by portraits of her work. Since we were doing a Boudoir shoot she went through a few photo books of her work and went over a few ideas that she had for us. She talked about our comfort levels and what we were looking to get out of it and as others have mentioned all this was done over a glass of wine or two. In her words "whatever it takes to get you loosened up." She explained her natural light room which I can't really do but it's brilliant. She gave us each very simple instructions adn used a couple of different backgrounds. I even brought in a couple of things of my own and we used them. Throughout the photo shoot she'd periodically show us the photos. And to be honest they looked great with no photo editing. By the end of the whole thing I was standing in the dressing room watching my boyfriend having a conversation with Susan and he was butt naked like it was nothing. I laughed but still. Overall is was a great experience and I look forward to doing it again one day. We may have "bought into" the Groupon but the work was so good that we ended up with 14 prints!!!!! We couldn't just pick one!
5 I bought a Groupon for a couple's boudoir photo shoot and immediately after speaking with Susan on the phone to set up an appointment, I KNEW she was going to be awesome. She's very energetic and nice.   Her studio has a locked door that she has to unlock in order for you to get in, which is great for privacy reasons. She has her work adorning the walls of her studio as you walk to the back, she has multiple small set ups, as well as a dressing room. She asked to see my outfits and asked my husband which one was his favorite, so he showed her and so that's the one she had me wear. We did a few photos with the outfit on, and then she had me strip down to my birthday suit! She is so blunt and casual about it, you can't help but be comfortable with her!   After the shoot, she loaded the photos onto the computer and had us sit down so we could start to go through them and find the ones we liked. I expected to walk out with just the one 5x7 that came with the Groupon. Instead, we saw so many that we just loved that we ended up ordering a photo book full of them!  Susan does AMAZING work, she's a complete natural and really knows what she's doing. The photo book is a bit steep in price (depending on how many photos you purchase), but it is so worth it. We have these great photos to treasure and we really enjoyed having them taken. It's an experience worth having at least once in your life!
5 Susan is the best! I went to her to take some sexy photos for my husband and she made me feel really relaxed and confident.  She has been doing this for years and is very talented. The photos came out amazing and I will only go to her now!
5 Taking boudoir pictures seems very nerve-wracking, but when you are with Susan, she makes you feel so comfortable in your own skin! I felt confident for the first time in a long time, and the pictures for my partner turned out great! I was so happy with the customer service she has, the professionalism about her, and the understanding she has of women, the human body, and sexuality. The pictures turned out gorgeous and glowing as well! I have nothing bad to say and I can't wait to go back! :)
5 Just finished a boudoir shoot with Susan and I have never had a more enjoyable shoot or pleasant photographer! The first time we spoke on the phone she was passionate about what she does and she made me so excited about working with her and the second I stepped in the door it was comfortable and fun the entire time! The pictures that came out where so much more than i ever thought would be possible!! I can't wait to work with her again and I will definitely be back over and over!!
5 Let me start by saying that this is my first review on yelp. I've utilized the site frequently,but never found an establishment worth taking the time to review.  Well, I FOUND IT!!!!!. Susan is amazing!!! Ive never felt  comfortable with someone 2 minutes after meeting them. But when you walk in  the the door, you feel at home. She's fun, professional, and a pleasure to work with. And this was my impression before one photo was taken.  This woman is good at what she does. My only criticism is that there are too many phenomenal photos to chose from. You have to see it for yourself! !!!!!!
5 What a wonderful experience!!! Never having done Boudoir pictures before, my adventure started with a warm welcoming personal call from Susan. I was scheduled in less than a week and WOW was this fun. She made me feel like a model and was professional, fun and knew what she was doing. Her work is awesome she made me LOOK like a model. We all want to feel special and she did just that, with boudoir pictures being so personal, we want that personal touch. She helped me put together a personal photo album for a Birthday gift for my boy friend, which will be the gift of all gifts. Her idea's are unbelievable, I wished I could have purchased all of them. She is the best at what she does!!!!
