1 Due to a last-minute change in travel, our Vegas trip was suddenly extended by a couple days.  So we decided to take in Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon.  My fiancée had never ridden in a helicopter, so she started quickly doing research to find a reasonably priced tour. Thats when we found Grand Tours LV (AKA "Let's Go Tours"). http://www.grandtourslv.com  We opted to take their Grand Canyon Tour - West Rim Bus, Helicopter Boat Tour for $249 per person. This gave us a bonus of riding the bus across the Hoover Dam.  2 hours later, we're on a motor coach heading over towards Hoover Dam, and then on to the west rim of the Grand Canyon.  The driver (who I might add NEVER introduced himself, so we'll just call him Mr Driver)  seemed nice enough at first. As we were picking up guests at other hotels, he got on the PA and gave us some info about Vegas - namely the large construction projects in the north strip/downtown area that had gone bankrupt.  I wasn't really interested in hearing about the financial woes of large corporations that don't know how to balance a budget. But what ever.   About 30 minutes later, we arrived at Hoover Dam. The bus did a U-turn on the Arizona side, made a brief stop at a souvenir shop, crossed back over the dam and on to the Grand Canyon west rim - about another 2 hours away.  All was good for about the next 90 minutes. Occasionally Mr Driver would key the mic and tell us some bizarre trivia he thought was noteworthy.    Then for the final 30 minutes to the West rim, he keyed the mic... and never shut up.  Of note - the last 8 or so miles of the trip include a passage down an unpaved road with many twists and hairpin turns. Mr Drivers microphone was a hand-held mic - not a hands free headset. Given the road conditions I felt he should have had BOTH hands on the steering wheel, and not blathering about the Joshua trees, or the fact that the road is unpaved (Umm, DUH!  We can see its unpaved).  The dirt road was dry (obviously - we're in the desert.)  But somehow, airborne dust from outside was finding its way inside. Just enough of this fine dust got into my eyes and irritated my contact lenses to the point that I had to remove them.  So much for being able to take in all the splendor of the Grand Canyon (thankfully I'm not totally blind without my glasses.)  Here is where it gets strange.  Mr Driver explained how the 3 hours we would be at the West Rim would work.  He must have explained it 3 times, but never in a clear, coherent manner.  Other riders were confused as well.  Part of our trip included a meal voucher, which Mr Driver said could use to get BBQ at one of two locations - some place simply called "The Ranch", and another food stand at Guano Point (appetizing named place to dine, huh? LOL)  Mr Driver said we could do what ever we wanted; just to manage our time and be back on the bus NO LATER than 2:25 or risk being left behind.  Fair enough.  But OF PARTICULAR NOTE - he also said that if some of the people got back later and didn't have enough time to get lunch, he'd make a special stop at The Ranch so people could get carry out and eat on the bus.  All in all, the helicopter / boat portion of the trip lasted about an hour and was amazing (run by another company I might add.)  Upon our return to the airport, we looked at the time, and we had just enough time to take in the Canyon view at Guano Point.  Since Mr Driver had told us we could make an extra stop at The Ranch, we figured we'd rather spend the last hour of our expensive tour taking in what we'd paid to see - the splendor of one of the Wonders of the Natural World.  We arrived back at the airport and boarded the coach at 2:10 - over 15 minutes to spare. This is when things went downhill.  My fiancée said "thank god you're going to stop for food!"  Mr Driver said "I don't know where you got that idea."  This turned into a back and forth argument between us and Mr Driver for the next 3 or 4 minutes. He said other customers were laughing at us (they were not) and that we were making fools of ourselves.  We never threatened him, but we were told to "stop or their is going to be trouble." When asked to clarify what he meant by "trouble" he said "I can refuse you service." My fiancée said "you're going to leave us here?" and Mr Driver replied "if need be.  We advised him he and the company would be sued if he tried, and that finally shut him up.  This man obviously skipped class in 'Customer Service 101' the day they taught the #1 rule - "The customer is always right." I have NEVER seen someone in the hospitality industry show so little regard for simple, customer service, LET ALONE GET CONFRONTATIONAL WITH  CUSTOMERS WHO JUST GAVE HIS COMPANY $500!  We contacted the company and in all fairness, DID receive an apology from them & they are investigating the incident. Hopefully we might receive a partial refund for the meal portion of our trip, but I'm not holding my breath, and certainly not using this company ever again.
1 I wish I could give this place ZERO stars.   My fiance and I found an ad for this company and decided to treat ourselves to a bus ride, view of the Hoover Dam, and a helicopter ride into the Grand Canyon - $249 per person.   The driver (who NEVER introduced himself) seemed nice enough at first. He got on the PA and gave us info about Vegas - namely the construction projects in the north strip/downtown area that had gone bankrupt. It was depressing to hear about one failed business after the next.   Thirty minutes later, we arrived at Hoover Dam. The bus did a U-turn on the Arizona side, made a brief stop at a souvenir shop, crossed back over the dam. Never really did get a good look at it. Don't know why he didn't take us under the new bridge where we could walk out and see the Dam clearly.   For the last thirty minutes to the West rim, Driver keyed the mic... and never shut up. The last eight was down an unpaved road with many twists and hairpin turns. Driver kept the microphone in his hand as he tossed us back and forth. Given the road conditions, we felt he should have had BOTH hands on the steering wheel, and not blathering about the Joshua trees ad nauseum.   Driver then explained how the 3 hours we would be at the West Rim would work. He must have explained it three times, but never in a clear, coherent manner. Other riders were confused as well.   The trip included a meal voucher, which Driver said could use to get BBQ at one of two locations - some place simply called "The Ranch", and another food stand at Guano Point. Driver said we could do what ever we wanted; just to manage our time and be back on the bus NO LATER than 2:25 or risk being left behind. He also said if some of the people got back later and didn't have enough time to get lunch, he'd make a special stop at The Ranch so people could get carry out and eat on the bus.   The helicopter / boat portion of the trip lasted about an hour and was amazing (run by another company.) Upon our return to the airport, we looked at the time, and we had just enough time to take in the Canyon view at Guano Point. The food line there was out the door and there were a ton of screaming kids that we didn't want to deal with. They didn't have "to go" boxes, so we decided to enjoy the awe of the canyon we'd paid to see. After all, Driver said we could stop at The Ranch for "to go" food.   We arrived back at the airport and boarded the coach at 2:10 - over 15 minutes to spare. This was when everything went...weird...   I said to Driver, "Are you still making good on your stop at The Ranch for food?" Driver said "I don't know where you got that idea." This turned into a back and forth argument between us and Driver for the next 3 or 4 minutes with him belittling me and telling me how stupid I was for not listening to his instructions. He then said I was making "everyone on the bus" laugh at me. I turned to my fellow passengers and they were shaking their heads "no" in horror. He then told me I was "making a fool" of myself. Huh? Because I wanted my free food?   I never raised my voice, cursed, or threatened him. In fact, I asked, "Are you kidding me?" He told me to "stop or there's going to be trouble." I was like "huh?" He said, "I can refuse you service." I was like, "You mean you'd leave me here" and Driver snarked off, "If need be." I didn't hesitate to say, "then I'll sue you." This finally shut him up.   The entire ride back...he BLATHERED on and on and on about water treatment plants, Mexico sucking off our US reservoirs, the plant life, the road...on and on and on...   By this time, I was horrified. I'm a good person. I stayed within the time frame...I saw the glories of the Grand Canyon and this bozo ruined it for me. Hasn't he ever heard that the customer is always right? I have NEVER seen someone in the hospitality industry show so little regard for simple, customer service, LET ALONE GET CONFRONTATIONAL WITH CUSTOMERS WHO JUST GAVE HIS COMPANY $500!   I contacted the company when I got back and reported this man's rude, belligerent, and condescending behavior toward me. I was assured that I would get a phone call back from the manager. That was on March 6th and I'm still waiting.   Maybe Driver was having an off day. Maybe he didn't like the looks of me. Maybe his dog bit him that morning. Who knows? The fact remains that I spent over $500 with this company and was treated like a criminal and never contacted by the management. They're either used to this complaint, or they don't care. I vote for the latter.   Take your business elsewhere. There are plenty of companies that service the Grand Canyon and you won't have to listen to the college lecture on the flora, fauna, and Joshua Trees.   Bad customer service Grand Tours. Bad, bad, bad.....
