1 http://www.bbb.org/southern-nevada/business-reviews/real-estate/crystal-properties-and-investments-in-las-vegas-nv-81877  Click the above link for BBB and its a great indicator of how business will be with Peter. What a joke! We paid for a property in full for Fourth of July weekend 2013. I thought I was lucky seeing how late we found it. On July 1, I received a phone call from Peter stating that, "I'm not going to say it's all my fault, but the property owner thinks it is. They said they booked their property, but they filled out the wrong form." Seriously?!?! Not my problem. He gave me the run around about looking for another hotel. He then told me that the property owner was having a hard time finding anything else. No €%#^! In the end, he cancelled the reservation and gave us two properties, one of which was disgusting. I'm not even sure we were legally staying there because of a shady email we got from Peter. We even called the concierge and asked if Peter was a scam artist. You would think He would be bending over backwards to help us and make us feel better, but he was difficult to reach and arrogant. When we got home i expected our deposit to come back without requesting it. when we finally email him, 4 weeks later, he had no idea what we were talking about. i guess it's hard to keep track of your lies when you rip so many people off. I will never rent from them again. When friends tell me they are looking for a property in Vegas I will tell them to RUN from crystal properties. Peter is an arrogant and dishonest. Perhap the Vegas life has stolen his soul. Stay away!
4 I was a little concerned after reading one review after I had already made a reservation. I did check out the company with the Better Business Bureau and seen they had an A+ rating.  Additionally I called the Real Estate division to make sure the company was legitimate.  All checked out and I stayed at the property called "Movie Star Luxury" this January with 12 girlfriends for a bachelorette party.  Great property and  a definite thumbs up to Crystal Properties!  Here is the property I rented which I would definitely recommend for this type of event.  http://lvnvacationhomerentals.com/index.php
5 Yooohoo just came back from Vegas and have to say that was a blast. We rented a furnished rental property from Crystal Properties and Peter Anello. The house was very comfortable and very clean. At night we decided to use the Jacuzzi but could not figure out how to turn it on with the directions provided. Peter Anello personally came over at 11p.m. on a Saturday and helped us turn everything on.  Overall experience was very pleasant, it was easy to make the reservation and the house was in good order when we arrived. Definitely will be renting from Peter Anello again. When you are ready to go to Vegas I would highly recommend this one particular property here is the link: http://www.lvnvacationhomerentals.com/crystal-properties-227599.html
5 At first i was really hoping it wasnt a scam, but once we got the info and got to the property everything was more than perfect. stayed for 5 days. any questions we had ,peter was able to answer right away. Already planning to use CPI for next years trip
