4 Staff is friendly, professional and personable.  Office is clean and state-of-the-art.  You might pay a little more, but if you are looking to have a beautiful smile done right the first time, this is the place to go!  In my opinion you don't shop for a "bottom of the barrel bargain" when looking for a cosmetic dentist or surgeon.
5 I am one of the customers for about 5 years. The office is beautiful and very clean. Everyone there is very nice and professional. I had a full mouth reconstruction. I have to say that the result is much more than I expected. I highly recommend it. Worth every penny and ultimately so are you. :)
5 Exceptional dental work by an artist, Dr. Golpa is amazing!!! Very friendly and professional staff! Would recommend to all my friends and family!
5 After visiting Clear Choice Dental in Dallas i decided they were not for me as they did not offer porcelain teeth, zirconia gum tissue, and there price was 44,000.00. After a lot of research on the internet, i realized my best option to get exactly what i wanted. Dr Golpa is one of the nicest gentleman i have met. His entire staff takes all anxiety you may have and makes you feel you and your comfort are there number one service. Although i have only had the post put in today, i can not say enough how amazed i am with him and his office. I go back tomorrow for my teeth. He also pays for your hotel room if you travel in from out of state )excluding the $25 a day resort fee. James, there driver is a very nice guy and makes himself available at a drop of a minute. I could go on forever about all the positive things i have to say. Glad i found Dr Golpa and his wonderful staff.
5 Rarely have I experienced such a remarkable level of care and service. I mean from the first second you walk in the door!  Having dental work done at this level is something most of us have not experienced and we  are understandably nervous. After the first few minutes, you have forgotten all about it. After I received my all on 4 implants I was so overwhelmed I actually went out to my car and started bawling. I was so grateful for all of it. They look and feel great. It's a game changer!!
