3 After eating breakfast here during their FREE Grand Slam promo. I thought I'd hit a few more during the day.  I drove to 2 other locations before I stopped in here. This promotion publicized very well. Alot of people must haved called in and every senior on the planet was in line for some grub.  This time around I took the free grand slam but I also ordered some Hashbrowns and toast. I decided to be bold and order my eggs sunny side up-what the hell their free so if they fail no biggie.  I was very impressed-my eggs were perfect-the hashbrowns slightly crispy and my toast was not burnt.  This one was much better than the 1st but the refills were a little slow coming and this place wasn't nearly as busy as the others.  Well after being completely egged out for the day we both got some cheesecake for dessert. They have 3 new flavor-we tried turtle & raspberry. Incredible for a fast food diner.  Next time I'm starting with the dessert.
5 I was thinking about the Denny's promo and how bad I felt for the servers who didn't get any tips since the meal they were serving was free. For you mathematically-challenged Yelpers - $0 meal = $0 tip :) Then I started thinking about all the Denny's I've been too and if any of them stood out. And this is the one that stood out...well not specifically this location, but a server we had one morning. This lady was AWESOME!!! I can't for the life of me remember her name though. I don't even know if she still works there, but if she does you have to hunt her section down!! She is the most motherly, loving, sweetest lady I've ever met!! She immediately greets you as you sit down and gets your drink order. She even offers suggestions if you're not sure. She includes with her service a good dousing of "honeys, sweeties, dolls" too. I know some people hate being called that...but you'll immediately fall in love with her gushing over you. She repeats your order to you, jokes with you and is always smiling. And she always checks on you. She even knows when you're slowing down and will immediately ask if you need a box. The icing on this wonderful experience is that she brought out our drinks in TO GO cups so we could have something to drink on the road!! I was floored...shoot...I still am! Her service was sooo outstanding I think we tipped her what our bill came out to be. And we told the manager about how awesome her service is.
1 I ordered food to go and it was a disaster. I had to send my food back four times and they still couldn't get it right. When a refund was requested, I was told that i'd have to wait for their IT guy to call me and set up the transaction since I paid with a credit card. Still waiting to be contacted...
4 We stopped here for an early dinner last night after an appointment.  It's a typical Denny's that caters to people of my age--gray hairs.    I had the Super Bird, a turkey sandwich with cheese and bacon.  It's been a long time since I had one and it tasted very good.  My wife had an omelet and she was quite pleased with it.  For dessert I splurged and got their new Red Velvet Pancake Puppies Sundae.  Red Velvet dougnut holes with cream cheese frosting and vanilla ice cream.  Super!  Probably 1,000 calories in dessert alone.  :-)  Our server, Travis, was excellent.  He was polite and very much on the ball with answering questions, taking the order, and refilling drinks.  I am a fan of this location!
1 Its always something with this location they have the rudest staff i have ever come across in my life and this review is to cover the six or seven times i have been here over the last two years..........I guess the only reason i went back was too hope they had a staff change but I'm always disappointed their air conditioning is always broken so its usually muggy and sticky  (but don't worry the staff has already aired the owners dirty laundry and said they are too cheap to fix it) So if i don't leave because of that its usually because the servers are sooooo rude i have to leave.  I have called for to go orders several times and they either don't answer the phone or whom ever does makes me feel like the biggest inconvenience i just hang up....i think i have actually only stayed one visit out of six or seven ...i finally reviewed them today because once again i call for to go and i called three times and the first time it rang and rang the other two i got hung up on after a few rings BUT!! The Dennys on Charleston and Torrey pines super awesome every time i will NEVER return to this location
3 Came here the other night because I was craving some good breakfast burger. YES i said it BREAKFAST BURGER! Delicious. Good large burger topped with hash browns, an over easy egg, cheese and bacon. Its taking the good ol burger and fries and mixing it with breakfast. Simply heaven. Love it.  The service was mediocre. I was disappointed they only had one server and one cook and the whole place was packed. Refills were never an option. Had to ask to clear our plates or if we wanted an app or dessert.   The food was good, average price.   Love that kids eat free 7 days out of the week. Hate that they nickel and dime you for everything. Side of ranch. Side of salsa, etc.   The waitress was not very friendly, which i would assume she should be since we had a large party of 7. She never smiled. Took 2 hours from start to finish which is ridiculous. Ive never had such a long experience at a dennys. its usually quick which I like.
4 Great service, looks like new staff who know what their doing!
2 Krystal was pretty cool i guess... she did forget my appetizer but was apologetic and compensating....my food was ok but i got a message from a fellow yelper to give this place another try ..the a.c. was on so i wasnt dying in sweat and after my expeirience today i might go back maybe.........
3 It's 2 am and you're hungry. That's what Denny's is for, right? Ok, maybe not all the time but that's what  this particular location is for me.   I've never had bad service here, the staff is always friendly and reasonably quick. The food, well, it's Denny's. No it's not AAA Mobile diamond rated but it almost always fits the bill...literally, because it's cheap too.  So thank you Mr Denny or whoever founded this American institution of road side fare, without this, millions of hungry late-nighters would be lost.
5 Very fast to get seated the two mornings we went. Service was pretty good, didn't matter much since I was eating here to recover from the previous nights! It's Denny's what else can you say.
4 Ok so it's a Denny's. I am mourning the demise of the Baconallia menu. Fear not I was allowed to have the Bacon Brownie, are you kidding me? Now of course once they run out of the materials, then its really over, but the point is (not only to create a horribly structured run on sentence) but to let you know that the staff and especially the night manager, will go the extra mile to make the customer happy, sadly a rarity in this day and age. So if you are on the West Side, God help you (Hey just kidding) Stop in. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1 Denny's food is just whatever but the service sucks. My fork had food on it for one. There was only one server and she didn't even ask us if we needed anything. I wouldnt recommend this location
4 We used to go to this Denny's and then the service was so bad we stopped.  Had breakfast today and the new management has whipped this restaurant into shape.  The service is great thank you.
2 Wow has this place gone down hill. So sad because it's not the food or prices but the customer service.  I've come here five times since my original review and every time yet manager to mess up my to go orders. If all ahead of time so it shouldn't be a problem. No pressure. Wrong. Busy or not they mess up either big or tiny things. 1. Missing an entire meal (on multiple occasions) 2. Three orders of their Pancakes (no syrup, butter or silverware) 3. Ordering a quesadilla with no pico de gallo and instead it has EXTRA. Enough is just enough. They make it right, but at my expense of having to drive all the way back and just makin excuses. Once In a whole okay, but every single time is ridiculous. Im over it and won't be back
1 Never eating at a Denny's in Vegas again.. I thought it was just the Denny's on fort apache and trop but I guess it's this one as well.. First of all the establishment is filthy! They need a surprise health inspection ASAP! My glass came out with lipstick on it so I asked for another glass and the server just looked at me like I ugh.. Okay!?! Then our food came out and it was swimming in oil.. Hmmm yummy! Then I notice hair in my food =\  can you say gross! After that I completely lost my appetite.. Never again..
1 Service is beyond bad.  Have currently been sitting down for the past 20 minutes without service. :(
