5 The outside may fool you into thinking that this place is a cellular phone shop because of the picture of the Earth on the sign but it's not. In fact it's the best nail place I've been to so far! This is the second time I've been here for a pedicure and they rock my socks off literally. They spend so much time working on my feet and they are not in a hurry to get you out. I feel so relaxed when it's time to go . They have nice massage chairs, an array of magazines to look at while you wait and they even offer you bottled water on those hot Las Vegas days. If you enjoy shows about food they also have a big screen TV that seems to be playing food shows every time I've been there but I'm a Yelper I enjoy watching food shows! The two times I had my pedicure done at World Nails... I couldn't help admiring my feet because the outcome has been cute. This time I opted for a foam green with silver sparkles laid on the top ...no crooked nails cut here! The pedicures here cost $20.00.
5 Bliss! Amazing prices and a lovely, personable staff in a great location. My new nail place for sure!
4 I desperately needed a pedicure the other day...my poor toes were in a sad state of disrepair. I happened to drive by this place while I was running errands, so I thought I'd give it a try.   I walked in and there was no wait. The employees all seemed nice, but also very quiet (which was perfectly okay with me, as I was dead tired at the time). My pedicure was thorough and the end result was quite nice. My toes looked great! And I couldn't complain about the price (only $20 + tip).  I'm not sure if I would make this my regular nail salon, but I had a good experience.
5 I have been going to World Nails since I moved to Vegas 6 years ago. It's not pretentious. A family run business. They try to not keep people waiting (a pet peeve of mine). After 4 weeks my acrylics are still on and they last forever. They will use a razor on your feet if you think you need it. Close to home for me too which I love.
4 I went there as a review I found here today. Yeah. $20 for a pedicure. A little waiting because there were 2 other customers and 2 girls working. The pedicure chair works great but the buttons on the control bar was missing. The massage was somewhat short compared to average but then it was past 6pm so I'm sure they wanted to get going so I guess I can't tell what it's like normally. But overall, it was worth the money to find this place and I will be going back next time. I hope the fills are affordable- I forgot to check the prices.
5 Found the positive reviews online during our Vegas stay so went for a pedicure...a fabulous pedicure and inexpensive too!  The nail technicians were so nice and welcoming...a quiet neighborhood atmosphere and very friendly...will definitely go back and recommend to others.
1 Went in for a pink/white fill & a pedi.  Prices are good but Pedi was so-so & Fill was AWFUL. Do not go here for your acrylics!     Also, the place is a little dingy & run-down w/ kids of the technician in the shop which is NOT relaxing. I will not go back.
5 After searching high and low for a good nail salon in my area I came across the world nails! The staff is friendly and they do a great job! I am a very meticulous person when it comes to my nails and I like a good artwork. They had it all... definitely a must go to!
4 I love having my nails done in here, the service is great. They really try to make you have a good experience. They got brand new chairs and flat screen tvs recently!! I really like seeing small businesses trying to improve their business.. Their pricing is really good.. 20 bucks pedicures!!! But truly what i like the most is that i really do not need to wait to get my nails done.. They are super efficient! They have about 3-4 people and they all move from client to client really fast! So if you ever need to have your nails done, make sure you visit them! They are very nice
5 I travel a lot for work and my schedule is pretty hectic so I am always a walk-in wherever I go. I rarely return to the same place but I would go out of my way to return here. The chairs seem to be fairly new, everything is clean, prices are good and they have a pretty fish tank. They also played relaxing music when I was there which added to my need for some Saturday stress relief. I enjoyed their service and felt it was in alignment with the pricing. No one hassled me for an up-sale and I didn't feel rushed out of there to open the chair. They also took me immediately in on a Saturday! I would recommend to others and I myself would definitely return.
5 I rarely write reviews, but this place deserves a good one.  I'm very particular with my nails and cleanliness.  The staff are very friendly, pricing is very reasonable compared to many nail salons, very clean salon, nails look great and there's a nice fish tank when your drying your nails.  They also offer complimentary bottle water and they have 3 flat screen TVs for your viewing pleasure.  Definitely will be coming back.
