1 If you're the type of person who is always healthy and never has to see a doctor, except maybe once a year, then this is the medical practice for you. For everyone else, however, this is the medical equivalent of hell. Or, at the very least, purgatory.  Whatever happened to being able to call your doctor's office directly to make appointments or get test results? If you call SMA you'll get an answering service. So if you really, really need to see a doctor the same day they'll pass on your info to the doctor's office and hopefully they'll call you back. The last time I needed to see my doctor the same day they said they could squeeze me in the following week.  Like most health care facilities these days, they care more about the bottom line than a patient's health or good customer service. If you are lucky enough to get an appointment be prepared to wait. Have a 3:00 appointment? That means the doctor will see you around 4 or 5 and when they do they'll be quick to rush you out.  If you want to use a doctor who's a part of Southwest Medical Associates my advice would be to think again and find someone else.
4 Shockingly great service is possible at SMA. The nurse called me to the back office before I was finished checking in at the front desk. As soon as the nurse left my room, Dr. Mehta walked in. It was hard to believe I was in Vegas, at a medical clinic. Felt more like McDonalds, in a good way.  Dr. Mehta is efficient. I love efficient people. Dr. Mehta had the misfortune of seeing me after I had already been seen twice at Quickcare, so I was fed up. One doctor said Strep throat, the other said viral infection and, in the meantime, I developed pink eye. A hot mess is what I heard some people mumbling as I walked away coughing and rubbing my eyes.  Anyhow, he ordered three prescriptions, two blood tests and a chest Xray and told me I couldn't return to work for 3 days. He held up his fingers as he told me, "Three days. You don't want people seeing you like that anyway, do you? Three days."  I appreciated his humor and the fact that he didn't chastise me too much for taking my friend's medicine.   All I had to do was walk across the hall for the blood test and across the street for the Xray. Piece of cake. In and out.
5 My wife just recently delivered our new baby daughter, "Abby".  The staff, nurses, and doctors at SW Medical were just absolutely awesome.  As part of our OB, we met with 3 doctors (Skinner, Kashap, and Schwartz).  All were amazing, friendly, and informative.    When we were told that my wife had to have a "C-section", we chose doctor Paula Schwartz to perform the surgery.  This review is based on her work with us.  Two words - "Absolutely AMAZING!!"  Dr. Schwartz is so down to earth, easy going, informative, and just great to work with.  She made us comfortable, provided us with the information we needed, and kept us in the loop.    As for the surgery, she did an amazing job with the surgery.  My wife's "cut" was excellent and she healed perfectly.  I can not thank DOCTOR Schwartz enough.  If we could, we would definitely hug her.  Well deserved!!  As for the OB office, very clean, very courteous, and very professional.  We rarely waited more than 15 minutes.  Once we were in, the nurses were attentive, friendly, and helpful.  The only negative that I would say is that it was difficult to make appointments.  I guess they outsourced this and it is hard to get an exact date and time.  Otherwise, everything was great.
1 Patient, heal thyself. Patient, pay us to tell you everything you knew is wrong. Ugh. At the time I write this I've been sick for 9 days. When my insurance kicked in I promptly found out where my closest Urgent Care center was and headed that way. Fortunately when I got there the wait was short and the front desk staff was top notch. But from there things went down hill fast.   The triage nurse had all the humor of a Russian Gulag prison guard. I told her my symptoms, she told me I was wrong on all of them. She told me my self-treatment was wrong. About the only thing she didn't critique me on was my clothes which the way I felt then and even now, I could give a dang less about her thoughts. Check my blood pressure, gag me with the thermometer and then shut the heck up.   So from the triage from he** I have a short wait before heading to the back to wait some more. Finally my doctor arrives and right off the bat he nags me about how I blow my nose. After all these years I think by now I know how to blow my nose in a manner that works best for me, I didn't expect to get critiqued and corrected over technique. So we go through the motions and I get told you got this and you got that, and no antibiotics won't work and you need this script and no it's not a generic and you need this one too...and oh you need to take 2 days off from work too. Look I don't know what world you live in with your padded fees and all but my 3 year old says I don't get days off. My work says they don't have anyone to do what I do. So when your treatment plan says take 2 days off unless you just set bones or are wrapping me up in splits or casts it ain't happening.   Fast forward to 2 days later...here I sit with a deeper cough than ever, $65 worth of scripts that have most likely passed through my system without doing a damn thing...and an open Yelp box sitting in front of me. Even though I'm stuck with this insurance and having to use SMA in the future, I don't care if the staff sees this or not. You suck donkey balls, and 1 Star is all you're going to get because the bottom line is even after using your services I'm still sick. You FAILED, case closed.
4 This review is for their urgent care office.  This is my go to place for quick medical issues. The front receptionist staff are always really nice and patient. The nurses who check you in before going to an exam room are friendly and understanding to what ever issue you are having.   There is a bit of wait after going to the exam room and I suggest bringing a magazine or playing games or checking email on your phone.  The doctor is always different but they keep records of all your visits so they can reference and see if there is a pattern of in your problems, or not to prescribe any medication that you are allergic too.  They send the prescribed medication directly to your pharmacist so by the time you are done and in route to your pharmacist, the medication is ready to be picked up when you get there.
1 STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. I waited 3 weeks to see a doctor in regards to allergies and a persistent foot paint. On the day of the appointment I was asked if i can come in early, I told them it is a bit difficult for me to change my work schedule but I would.   I arrived early to sit there for quite a long time even though I had already filled out all of my paper work several days prior to my appointment. The staff at the front counter were nice and pleasant. The medical assistant that took my blood pressure and temp  was nice and comforting.   The doctor that saw me was HORRIBLE, I have never experienced anything like it and I'm 45 years old. From the time he came in he was in such a rush. He said hello then read my chart and said, " You're not sick" and I told him no. He told me to take over the counter medication for my allergies and foot pain and "Come back when you're sick" and left. I was dumb founded, thats how a doctor acts and treats a NEW patients.  He didn't even take the time to read the rest of my chart to see that I'm already taking over the counter meds. Why would I come to the doctors office if I can just self medicate with over the counter meds? I came there to be referred to a foot doctor to see what is causing the foot problem, not to cover up the problem.        I immediately called the Southwest associates top supervisor and complained. STAY AWAY
5 Came here on a Sunday right when they opened 8am. The girls checking us in were very nice. The one we got was kinda slow but, professional. It was clean inside and had a tv on to calm nerves of ones sick and being seen. We saw a PA and she was very formative in regards to my husbands leg. She did get xrays done just to make sure here assessment was correct. She did not rush us out and answered any and all questions we had.
1 This review is for the adult medicine office. I have been a regular patient with SMA for over two years now. Started at the Tenaya office. When my doctor left I picked a new doctor at the Grand Montecito office. For some reason every time I settle on a dr, they either leave the practice, or dump their patients because they have too many. In December, when I had my prescriptions refilled, I noticed that my previous DR( the one that dropped me because of too many patients) was the prescribing Dr. It was then that I found out that the DR that I had been seeing for the past few months had left the practice. I was not even given a phone call or any notification that my dr had left. That is a general mistake by SMA, not a mistake by Siena office. I wanted to stay with SMA, but was tired of playing 'Musical Doctors'. I also needed an appt with a dr anyway, and I took the first available appt at any office, which happened to be at the Siena location, with a PA. Met the PA during the first visit, and she seemed ok. This office is somewhat close to my business, so I was hoping to make her my primary physician.  I have had a few medical problems in my life, and one of them requires me to take a pain medicine that needs to be refilled every month by a doctor.  Now I've never had a problem in the past 2 1/2 years that I've been getting it. Until this month. I get a thirty day script. The last one I got from them was on the 9th of January. They say I'm not due to pick up new one until February 9th, but since that is a Sunday, I have to wait until Monday the 10th. Now do the math. If I take my meds as prescribed, I will run out on Saturday the 8th. Remember, there is 31 days in January. So they expect me to go 2 days without this medication(won't be able to get filled til sometime Monday) which will end up causing me to get sick because I won't have it. I own a business which requires me to be on my feet 12+ hours each day so not only are they jeopardizing my health, but my business as well. It's not like taking Tylenol will help. If it would I wouldn't need this medicine. Between my wife and I, we placed several calls to them trying to rectify this and was told they would get back to us. Close to 5 o'clock, no one called us, so I called the office again only to find that they had already closed for the weekend! They will be definitely getting an earful from me on Monday morning.
4 The staff in this place no matter which department (adult medicine, radiology, OBGYN, neurology, rheumatology, urgent care, cardiology) i go to are always so nice and friendly. They would always tell you what they're going to do before doing so (which is what healthcare professionals are supposed to do). Always checking up on you and always smiling. I have seen nasty reviews but i think it's because they havent worked at this kind of workplace. I havent come up with anyone rude YET thank goodness. Lol. I have no complaints towards their staff. Keep up the good work!   Minus one star for the wait time. Especially the urgent care. Everytime i go there, i spend at least 2 & 1/2 - 3 hours waiting. Not 3 hours straight but the process is so long that sometimes i would rather stay home and rest in my own bed and not sit on their chair for that long.. i truly understand that there are exams that need to be done in order to get a diagnosis but it's always a big NO NO for me to wait. Lol this is just probably me being a big baby but at least i admit that the staff has nothing to do with it. They are awesome. (Their system was down so they couldnt process the needed labs as fast as they could)   My PCP Dr. Stacey is awesome and really takes care of her patients. She is firm and makes sure you understand that the patients have an obligation to be their own doctor to themselves. Especially with my lupus condition which i will have for life. Shes very efficient and will make sure you will get all the referrals you need (in my case, i need almost all the doctors). She will try to make everything better by suggesting what to do and what not to do like what a normal doctor should.   So to make it short, awesome staff and urgent care wait time is too crazy lol
4 been here to get checked up and never a bad experience.
1 So far not impressed with this place. I've spoke to at least 4 people today and most of them with borderline rude, and none of them were able to help me with my inquiry about becoming a new patient. I guess they don't need my business! I find it very frustrating that I called several tmes and none of them were able to answer any of my questions.
1 My wife and mother in law went to this location today, online shows a wait time of about 11 minutes on the average.  They spent 5 1/2 hours there today and received some of the worst customer service.  After several hours of waiting, they see the doctor and he is inching his way towards the door as they are talking to him.  They ask a nurse "how much longer" and her reply was "as long as it takes me!"  She broke her toe, got a splint, crutches and a prescription.  Since my wife breast feeds she took our 8 month old baby with her, thinking, since its in the name, "QUICK".  Now my son is sneezing and his nose is running.  I've found a contact email on Facebook and emailed them and will see if anyone responds.
1 DO NOT USE THEM. I just signed up for sma through my new insurance.  I called to make my first appointment but was told they don't have anything available for 2 MONTHS.  I just got out of the hospital and need care. I asked what happens if I get sick (like sinus infection, pneumonia, etc.) and need to see a doc right away. She said "go to a hospital or find someone who can see you on short notice because we can't). Seriously? So they can't see me when I'm sick or well for 2 months?  What is the point of having them as my medical provider if they can't get me in when I'm sick? Apparently they are to big for their patients. I was so disappointed as online they seem great.  So now I will do what she said and find someone else to go to - full time.
1 Worst medical care possible, imo.  Actually, I still haven't received any actual medical care, so I could be wrong, I guess.  It's been over 3 weeks since my initial visit to the adult medicine office, 7 calls to the urologist office to try to schedule my referral appointment, 8 calls to the adult medicine office to try to have them correct deficiencies in the referral, 2 physical visits to the lab, 3 physical visits to the radiology office, and I still don't have an appointment with a urologist.  The inefficiencies throughout this process has been unbelievable to me.  How does anyone ever receive actual medical care from these guys?  Some specific details about what I went through are below, but the motivation for my review is summarized above -- 100% inefficiency.  I had to prompt everyone every step of the way.  -----  I had my initial visit because I had blood in my urine.  I'm pretty sure the doc asked me only two questions.  (1) If it was ok for him to refer me to a specialist, and (2) what my favorite (my ethnicity) restaurant was.  Seriously.  Zero diagnostic questions.  OK.  I guess since he's referring me to a specialist anyway, maybe it saves everyone's time to not bother asking any relevant questions.  Still, it seemed weird to me that the doctor was asking me, the patient, if it was ok to refer me to specialist.  I guess maybe some people don't want the potentially extra expense?  Anyway, since I didn't understand why he asked me that question, I asked if blood in my urine is something I should be worried about.  He told me physicians usually take blood in the urine seriously.  So, I told him yes, please refer me.  He then ordered blood and urine tests, a CT scan and x-rays.  He told me the lab will probably want me to fast before the blood test, so I may have to come back another day to do that.  When I went downstairs to the lab, they asked me if I wanted to do the blood test now.  When I told them the doc said I may have to fast, they said, he didn't put that in the order.  Then it occurred to me, yeah, shouldn't the doctor specify whether or not it was important to fast, not left it up to the lab?  That was my first clue that this was not going to be a good experience.  As it turned out, the lab neglected to do one of the urine tests the urologist required for me to be seen.  I don't know whether that was a failure by the lab or by my doctor, but that added a good week (and a number of phone calls) to the whole referral process.  The radiology office gave me a CD with the images they took for me to bring to the urologist.  Unfortunately (surprisingly), when I spoke with the urologist office, they told me they are not able to read the discs generated by SMA, and I would have to go back to the radiologist to get the physical films (a bit strange to me, since I'm able to view the images on my laptop, but whatever).  When I called the radiology office to see about getting physical films to bring to the urologist, they told me it wouldn't be a problem to pick them up, but they couldn't print them in advance, because the film cost so much.  After convincing the staff at the radiologist office that I did actually need the physical film and sitting in their waiting room for nearly an hour, the tech suggested I come back the next day, because they had started printing the wrong job, and my print outs hadn't even started, yet!  The latest set of calls I had to make was to prompt the doc to attach the test results from last week to the referral.  I will try for the 8th time tomorrow to schedule my referral appointment.  If this is how they handle something that should be taken "seriously," I'd hate to see how they handle something routine.
