2 I'm not really happy with this Goodyear. I understand there are others out there, but this one, is one I USED to go to.   I'll give credit where credit is due. Their manager was nice and friendly, and was able to inform us, what needs to be done. Pricing was a bit more then expected, since I did have second opinions from another mechanic. But in the meantime, they did seem trustworthy at first.   After getting a few things fixed to my vehicle, I notice that it was getting sloppier, every time I brought it in. I had my sparks plug change, combustion chambers clean, new tires and spend a lot on getting that done. I had them fix my door, since the handle was broken, which was done at a decent amount and time. But, I requested for them to check on a part for my window, which they never got back to me.   We had them check out steering system, at first, they replace and fixed the pump, which cost us $500. Unfortunately, that didn't fix the noise it was making. We brought it back, then they said the Rack and Pinions were broken and needs to be replaced for $600. Unfortunately, that took them more then a day to get it fixed, and it left the wife and I stranded at home, when we had to work that night. What irritated me, is that, they said they were nearly done, and said they'll pick up my wife to get it. To arrive there and be told, it wasn't done, and had to stay over night. Now, they had to drive my wife back, all for nothing. Even though they fixed the problem, about 2 month later, the noise in the steering system returns.   We kind of got fed up with this Goodyear. Why didn't they see the rack and pinions when they were looking at the steering wheel pump, its just right there. There so called 50 something, point inspection, didn't really do its job very well, when they missed the rack and pinions, when they were replacing the pump. But, we come back a second time to get that fixed later. They even had to replace the pump, cause of the rack and pinions. But at least the pump was under warranty.   Anyhow, if your looking for a mechanic, I would not suggest this Goodyear. There are other mechanics out there that will probably do better, be accurate and honest. If you need, more then new tires, or an oil change, I would suggest to look elsewhere.  Otherwise, this Goodyear is good for their tires and oil change..
5 I went to this Goodyear today for some work on my brakes and it was great. The manager cliff explained everything and I had even been to other places and they were cheaper. If you need anything done I would suggest this Goodyear!
5 Everyone I have dealt with has been patient, courteous and knowledgeable. I bought 4 new tires and got a free oil change for checking in. They reminded me to be sure to get the rebates offered on the tires. Great service!  Thx guys.
