4 Good hand-tossed pizza. They have a couple of tables but are more of a delivery or take-out place. Good value, and even more affordable if you take advantage of their specials or coupons.
1 I wish my experiences with this restaurant were like the other reviewers. I had my food delivered. I had a small peporoni pizza and a philly combo sandwich. Since my order was over $15 I received a complimentary slice of cake (I picked lemon). I couldn't get past a couple of bites of the sandwich or the pizza!!!. If you like salt then you can't go wrong with this place!! If you can imagine eating a salt sandwich or a salt slice of pizza you have experienced what I experienced when I ate the food from here!! I will give them a "decent" (meaning digestible) rating on the fries and cake, otherwise this place gets a thumbs down with Shaquille Oneal's hands!!!...lol..Horrfible!!!...However, the delivery was fast!!!. But even that was flawed as he didn't have his charge card machine and I had to call in my credit card info outside of my apt bldg. for all the world to hear!!!...lol..Thank God my credit limit is extraordinarily low on the card I used, or I would have had to worry about I.d. scammers besides an upset stomach with what little I did "manage" to swalow!! ...lol..proceed at your own risk!!!...lol
3 This pizza spot is located in a shady strip mall on East Charleston. Now, you may want to reconsider actually going into this place, but my husband and I did on a Saturday afternoon as we were headed home from shopping.  Me: "Look, that kid has a pizza. Pizza sounds good." (Kid was walking down the street with a pizza box) Husband: "I bet he got it from that pizza place right there." Me: "You want to get pizza? I'm hungry." Husband: "Okay." (Pulls into shady strip mall)  WELL, basically that's how it went. We entered this tiny storefront, which has two small tables, and a tiny bar area. This place is obviously mainly for pick-up or delivery.   We ordered a medium one-topping ($5.99). They charge a .50 cent fee for running a debit or credit card by the way.  As for the pizza - it reminded me of Chuck E Cheese pizza. They use the really stringy cheese, so when you pull away from the pizza you get that seriously cartoonish looking style of eating pizza a la Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The sauce is obviously from some cans and I can guarantee you none of this stuff is fresh. But for $5.99 what do you expect?   It's OK. Would I go out of my way to eat here again? No. But was it good for an unexpected splurge? Yes.
1 If you could have negative stars for a review, I would leap for the opportunity. Not only does the pizza taste like an easy bake oven recipe, but their customer service was less than satisfying! i would rather get a cheese pizza from Chuck E. Cheese, pay less money and still go for a second slice, and i can't stand Chuck E. Cheese. We ordered for delivery and it was a quick time, I mean, they're only down the street, but when i sunk my teeth in i wasn't pleased. I called them back, to try and get a refund, but the guy said, " It's just pizza, what do you expect?" what kind of customer service is that? If you live on the east side of Charleston, go to Pop-Up-pizza (707-366-0049.) In no way is this some kind of advertisement for Pop-Up, but since we live on E. Charleston, there are few places that will deliver ANYTHING over here. Its way better than anyone would expect,gourmet style pizza and a great price. Palm Pizza not only had poor quality food, but un-respectable customer service as well.
4 Best family owned pizza joint on the east side! The crust is flavored with the perfect seasoning.   We go here for lunch often. The pricing is reasonable. It's cheaper than the other franchised pizza places. We always get the pepperoni, jalapeño, and pineapple pizza.
1 Dear YELP please hurry up and make ZERO stars be an option.  If you like cardboard drizzled in cheap sauce, cheap cheese (generic brand tasting), and burnt TINY pepperonis. You have found the right place. I hate to say but this pizza is nasty there is no pride in their pizza making at all.  Second your drivers RUDE the driver insulted my friend by asking if she was a man. WTF what employee does that? It goes to show there professionalism and work ethic is just as good as their pizza.   So moral of the story if you like week old fresh out the freezer box tasting pizza with a side of disrespect from a minimum wage driver you are in the right place.  Enjoy.
2 Pizza was all bread they skimped on cheese, sauce and toppings, crust was good though
