4 I was driving down Decatur on my way to the Palms when I saw a sign for a used bookstore.  Thanks to my expert traffic maneuvering skills, I was able to cut over two lanes and through a parking lot to check out this place.  I was greeted by two different people upon entering the store, telling me that they would be happy to help if I needed anything.  From looking at the business card, I took them to be Myrna & Lou Donato, the owners.  Apparently they opened this place a month ago, and if you're into used books, you'll enjoy this shop.  I'm not big on books, but I found a random 70's era book of failed inventions that looked interesting, and it was only a buck.  I promised them I'd let the yelp community know about their little shop -- make sure you check it out!
2 Who still buys books anymore? And who in their right mind wants to read one in Las Vegas when you can be doing so much more?  *lowly raising hand*  I like books and have delusions of finding rare literature at some random bookstore. Anywho, we were at Trader Joe's when I noticed this place, and since I wanted something to read, I thought I'd give this place a chance.  We were greeted by a nice couple who directed us to the fiction section. The place reminded more of my library in grade school than it did a bookstore.  No luck on finding any interesting fiction to read and no rare books, but I did find plenty of Danielle Steele novels. Aren't I lucky?  Overall, I think I'll just visit the library out here.
3 In the history of Las Vegas, people tend to see the elaborate Casinos and Hotels as being the be-all and end-all of culture. Fortunately for those of us who have also held reading and books as being the last bastion of an inquisitive mind ,we have Lou and Myrna Donato to thank for a slimmer of hope in a Liberace-laced world.   Yes, this is the original mom and pop of booksellers in Vegas. Who, along with other originals such as Bob Coffin, have led a quiet counter balance to the neon hustle and bustle. After a brief hiatus, this store is finally back. And having seen stores such as the ill-fated meteor that was Albion go back to the ashes from whence it came, we are left with very few bookstores here in town worth a damn. This is one of them.   If you care to find a vast selection of cookbooks or science fiction paperbacks or books on topics esoteric, check this place out. The key to a successful book store run is to find books you didn't plan on finding. Somehow they find you. Lou and Myrna are just there to help guide you along. They both possess a vast amount of knowledge in their respective fields. And while the internet is great to find a specific book, a book store is a great place ( like some libraries ) to get lost in and find treasures you won't find in a box chain store like Borders. True, small stores aren't as glitzy or coffee-laden, but that is the point I think.   My only current beef is that it may take awhile to build up the stock they once had. But give it time.   And you won't find a nicer or more honest book seller than them. I remember them as being the best used book seller for quite a long time. And I, for one, am glad they are back. Maybe one day they'll have book fairs in Vegas again. If they do, you can bet the Donato's will have something to do with it.
5 While shopping at Trader Joe's last summer, I noticed the Amber Unicorn which was in the same shopping center.  Being a bibliophile, I ambled on in.  An older, very pleasant couple greeted me and helped me with my selection.  This is a great bookstore with plenty to choose from ----- many hard-to-find history books, metaphysical, and their specialty - cookbooks!  For a fun Saturday or Sunday, just go on in and peruse their selection.  You'll enjoy their warm and inviting atmostphere, and you can just sit there and read at one of the tables if you like!  I'm now a big fan of this store, and try to visit there every two weeks to see what new books have come in!
4 Amber Unicorn is a gem in Las Vegas, used bookstore-wise. The couple who owns the place are whip-smart on their stock and very pleasant.  If cookbooks are your weakness (they are mine!) you will be in heaven! But, a small word of warning: Myrna knows her stuff, and prices accordingly. If you've been looking for a 1950's Swedish cookbook IN SWEDISH, she'll have it, and it will -not- be $5 bucks. I've been a bit taken aback by some of her pricing on cookbooks, but many are fair and i'm willing to pay. A good selection of sci-fi and vampire books are a nice addition that I don't think can be beat in Vegas.  If you are looking for a specific book, call them and see if it's in stock. If it's not at the shop, it may be at their home, and they will bring it in for you.
4 I love going to these types of book stores then just your usual Barnes and Nobles and Borders.  You never know what you can find here....my favorite section is always the cookbooks. I'm always looking to add to my growing collection.  you have your selections for the housewife, to first edition autographed, books from culinary icons like Julia Child and Paul Bocuse......here comes that "kid in the candy store urge again!!!  This time I was good and got a book on one of my absolute favorite dishes,PAELLA!  Also used my TJ reciept from next door and got a sweet deal....ALOHA!!!
4 You know you hit bookstore gold when you walk in and the smell of books hits you. Not, coffee, not some sort of air freshener, but books. I wasn't planning on going to Amber Unicorn, but since it was in the same shopping center as Trader Joe's (which was my destination) I hit this place up. Its been on my bookmarks for a while, so I was excited to visit another used book shop, and to check something off my list. I was greeted immediately when I walked in. The staff (I assume the man and woman where the owners) were very friendly during my entire experience.   The store is not big, but it is full of books. They carry all kinds, but specialize in hard cover, first edition and antique books. However, they had a very good selection of fiction, sci-fi, mystery and horror paper backs. They also have a lot of non-fiction, a great cook book selection, and a pretty substantial military and religion section. The organization was a little strange, but I was able to navigate. I was not looking for anything specific as I wasn't intended on going to the bookstore. After spending about 30 minutes looking, I went ahead and purchased one of the few Ray Bradbury  novels I do not own.   The Amber Unicorn also buys books, but they are pretty selective. For paperbacks they pay 10% of cover price.   Now that I've been here, I will definitely come back with some time and some specific titles in mind.
5 As far as Vegas used bookstores go, this is the one to visit.  It's very spacious compared to most used bookstores I've been to, well stocked and organized, and the owners are incredibly nice.  I walked in and was immediately taken by the wonderful scent of books -- Mmm, I'll take that over coffee-tainted chain stores any day. They organize by genre, and paperback/hardback; each section is alphabetical both by author's last name, and the title within each author. I was mostly there to find whatever caught my eye, but the authors I wanted to locate I found easily. They also had quite the collection of first editions and autographed books.  The owner was there during my visit and he was the highlight of the trip (apart from the fantastic selection! I had a hard time sticking to my small budget.) -- he was friendly, kind, knowledgeable, and attentive without being overbearing. I felt welcome and free to browse for as long as I liked -- they even have a table with chairs.  Upon checking out, he asked if I knew about "the discount" and I said I didn't because it was my first visit, and he said excitedly "Well! I'll give you the discount just for that."  (I have no idea still what qualifications he was referring to! lol) -- he checked me out and invited me to trade in old books I'm done with next time I stop by.  The only downside was the limited YA/children's book section, but I assume there's a reason for that whether it be popularity or availability. I can't comment on pricing because it varies based on what you're looking for -- fiction paperbacks are 50% off the cover price if the book is in good condition, which was reasonable to me. They also have a clearance shelf near the front.   If you're a book lover or collector, definitely make the trip. It's heaven.
4 Things are looking good. They've added storage room from the space next door. Enabling them to take books from storage and give people a chance to peruse them instead of them being locked away from sight. This alone will help the turnover.  Another nice thing is they are the uno numero store for cook books in Vegas. Bar none. This is THE place for used material revolving around cooking and recipes. And I keep swapping and re-swapping books on chocolates and desserts.
5 This is one of my favorite used bookstores in Las Vegas! They have an amazing selection on self help, religious, and spiritual books. The people who work there are always kind. When they are 20 minutes from closing, they don't kick you out like a lot of the other ones do. They will politely say they are closing, five minutes from closing. You can sell or trade your books there as well. I love this place! I go here at least once a month.
5 This is the best used bookstore in Vegas. Great selection, friendly staff, convienient location. A surprisingly good rare book selection as well. Highly recommended.
5 Delightful!  Friendly staff who know their stock and appreciate fellow readers.  They invited us back to trade in our books on our next visit to Vegas.  We were able to fill in some holes in our collections and try out some new series.  This bookstore is well stocked with Sci/Fi, Horror and Mystery.
4 Oh my buddha! This place is a book nerds' heaven! They have a wide selection from Polish cookbooks to 1980s science fiction. I love going here and finding awesome finds like the British publication of Harry Potter or an art book that's sold super cheap. They also have the fancy binding of classic books that makes me want to buy the whole bookshelf but I'm sure it'll cost a lot of $$$. The prices are always fair and the people who own the place are always friendly and helpful. My mom's man-friend likes to go here to trade his books to buy new ones. I don't really pay attention to what he does but we're definitely a fan of this fine establishment that Las Vegas needs. It doesn't hurt that Trader Joe's is in the same complex as well.   Oh! Not to mention, I've actually found books here that I needed for some classes that saved me A LOT of money compared to buying them online or at the campus bookstore. So just have a little patience and you'll most likely find a hidden gem within its bookshelves.
4 If I put what I felt about the store in detail (great little couple that owns it, excellent selections, cookbooks to DIE for), I'd be repeating what every one else said.   BUT, they have an ORIGINAL English copy of the Arabian Nights series. I bought a first edition work in English by Lenin.  They are looking for antique Miss Minerva books for me.  Five stars for that.  The antique book selection CANNOT be beaten.  My ONLY complaint, and thus four stars, is the price for cookbooks is very high.  Now, I love supporting local, but paying $18 for Classics of Indian Cooking for 1980 when on Amazon.com an equal condition book is 0.75 from another used book store hurts, especially when I buy a slew of ethnic cookbooks at once. I alternate--spend $25 at Amazon and get 8 books, spend $35 at Amber and get two or three. But this way I feel it all averages out at the end of the year.  If I only bought one or two a year, I'd go local all the time--but at 50 a year...not so much.    Please support local as much as you can, and Amber Unicorn is a great place to go.
5 Awesome place! Great selection of used books and their trade in/ buy back program is unbeatable! A must for book lovers
5 I kick myself for not visiting this place sooner.  As I prepared for a long airplane ride home for the Holidays I planned to stock up on reading materials at the library.  The book that I wanted the very most was supposed to be at the E. Flamingo library location.  Normally, I would request the book, but my flight was the next day.  So, I drive all the way across town to find the online library data was incorrect.  Not wanting to pay full retail at Barnes & Noble, I decided to try Amber Unicorn.  I halfway expected to find a bookstore with limited selection, but that could not have been farther from the truth.  The store was very well stocked with a great variety of books, which are well organized.  I definitely did not expect to find the 1 book that I really wanted.  When I asked one of the friendly owners, not only did they have it, but she lead me right to the book.  She said oh yes, that book came in 2 days ago.  She took me to the next door storage area, which was also well organized.  It appears to be a couple that owns the store, and they are extremely nice and helpful.  I walked out with 5 books and the 1 book I had been searching for, and my total came to a whopping $22.  If you're like me and don't carry cash often, don't worry because they do take credit cards.  They have an impressive inventory, and are happy to make recommendations if you tell them some of the genres that you enjoy.  The store is located in the same shopping plaza with Trader Joe's at Decatur & Sahara.  The next time I go I plan to bring a box of books to sell.
4 Almost a year ago, I sauntered in this very unLas Vegas treasure after shopping at Trader Joe's.  There's something about this place that gave me goosebumps.  Perhaps, this is the effect of being surrounded by all these used and old books.  It was like finding a sliver of San Francisco's City Lights Bookstore.  This is the place to go to when you have grown weary of the life of excess, but still have time to kill and feed your mind and soul.
3 As someone who judges a book by its cover, or in this case its title, I came into this place with almost zero expectation since it has such a goofy name. The older gentleman who worked the front door greeted me warmly and offered his help right away. Already that's a great sign! My goal of coming here is to find Kierkegaard's Fear and Trembling so I asked him to show me the Philosophy section. Almost instantly, fear I felt while looking at this disappointingly sparse Philosophy section. After all, philosophy is the root of mankind's motives and behaviors and all things morals, ethics, progress and innovation. After I took some time browsing this area and not seeing what I came here for, I started to roam to other sections of the shop, including the Math and Science aisles.   One thing I noticed is the fluctuation in price for various books. Fermi's Thermodynamics costs a whooping 17 dollars for a tiny little pocket booklet with no more than 30 pages. This wasn't a first edition or a limited edition; upon searching quickly on amazon I can find a new one for less than 7 dollars. Meanwhile, Partial Differential Equations for Scientists and Engineers by Stanley Farlow only costs 16 dollars when it should probably go for more. Various other Feynman's books are quite pricey for being used, which makes me wonder if they know that you can read most of these books for free online.   I want to see used bookstores flourish in Las Vegas. Hence, this place has my patronage. I just wish their prices are more reasonable so I don't feel bad spending ~30 dollars or more on a used science book.
4 Nice little used book store.  As good as it gets in Las Vegas, I think.  The folks running it are very helpful.
5 Beautiful store with a super selection of books for those of us who still love to read. The owners are the nicest people. I'll definitely be back. Highly recommended.
5 The best thing about this bookstore is their service. Despite their small space, they use it well and I feel like I'm in another world when I walk around inside. The smell of the place is phenomenal! I visited Dead Poets Bookstore after I came here and I was instantly put off by their lack of interest in helping. But I came here right after and was treated so well and found 3/5 books on their list despite walking in 5 minutes before closing. Amber Unicorn is probably somewhere I'll visit regularly because of the people that work there and being completely surrounded by an incredible variety of books!
4 Vegas Bookstore. Oxymoron?   I enjoy the local used bookstore in any city I visit. That said, maybe I'm spoiled by the ones I go to, but the fiction section here was somewhat lacking. Fiction is, sadly all I typically read. Maybe the other sections have more to offer.   In the end, I just grabbed a Flannery O'Connor collection of short stories and a John Irving novel, both of which probably could have been had at any used bookstore across America.   What I was impressed by was the selection of first edition fiction hardcovers. If that's your thing, there was almost as many first editions as hardcover reprints. But I was a little confused by their inclusion of what was clearly softcover books in the hardcover section.  Prices were reasonable with their sale, but not great. As always, you can get the same books for less on half.com, but you wouldn't be supporting your local bookstore!
5 The pros: The owners and staff are sweet, helpful, funny people who will happily leave you alone to meander the aisles or find the exact book you are looking for the moment you ask.  The selection is intense for a used book store. I am always able to find several books on my to-buy list, from classics to conspiracy; philosophy to sci-fi. I have found ridiculously reasonably priced first editions, a little worn, but that doesn't bother me as I am buying them to read and add wear of my own. The pricing is reasonable, and their trade system is great. If you have leftover trade at the end of your visit, they keep it on file for you.  And the smell, as others have stated, is amazing. A great used bookstore smell makes me happy like no other.   There are no cons. It could be slightly more organized, but it seems they are in the process of moving some things around, so I'll cut them slack on that. I love this place. It is my new favorite used bookstore. Kudos to the owners for doing their job so well.
5 The stock just keeps getting deeper. And now it's a war of attrition. They will soon be the only used book store worth a damn in this whole town.   If you love books, you will love this place. Don't forget to ask about the over flow room. And all the staff is exceedingly friendly.  So grab a book and read Dammit!
5 Amber Unicorn is a book store for and by book lovers. They have a wide variety of books and the sections are well kept.   The owners were very friendly and remembered us from our visit from over a year ago.   The Sci-Fi sections are fabulous. My husband found some old faces and a new author. We bought about 20 books. If we had more space in our carry-ons, we might have bought more!  I recommend this store for it's stock, selection and owners.
5 I really like this store. If you look hard enough, you can find some really great stuff. I recommend taking a glance at the poetry section. The shelves are well organized, the sections are well labeled. I noticed that they had many different sections, and it seemed they had a good amount to choose from in each.   I recommend visiting this store if you're looking for a good used book place.
3 Conveniently located to me and packed with books, Amber Unicorn is a treasure trove for literature lovers, complete with the unique old-book smell that serves as their aphrodisiac.   The store itself has ceiling-high shelves (and plenty of footstools) to navigate, with yellow signage indicating different sections by row and shelf. There are extensive Sci-Fi and Military History sections here, as well as Mystery/Horror and Romance. The teen/YA section is a bit sparse, but I did notice that there were several teen vampire series stuck in the regular section with Stephen King and Anne Rice.  My only criticism of this place is their organization- for the life of me, I could not find a section for Memoirs and as much as the placards for different departments was helpful in some regards, I almost would have just preferred a general Fiction section organized by author's last name.
5 Amber Unicorn stocked my bookcase with one-of-a-kinds. Not only is there a plethora of selections, but the staff is so helpful. An older gentleman helped me locate the Kafka novellas I desired and provided helpful discount tips for my next visit. Great place.
4 This is a nice used bookstore. Inside there seemed to be a lot of followers. Right when you walk in, I was greeted and asked if I was looking for anything in particular I told them a couple authors and they were able to show me the sections where they would be. If I lived in the area I would defiantly be here more.   When I was here I was able to find a couple books and there was a sale going on which was nice. For all 3 books I put out $10.00 bucks which is not to shabby.
5 What a gem! Extremely well-organized and a great variety of new and used. We found some great science fiction books and even got to peek at their overstock area next door (another employee had to unlock the door for us). Next time we'll be sure to bring some of our books to sell back, because they'll give you store credit and you can use that credit to get a further reduced price on your purchase. Even though we didn't have any credit this time, the owner still gave us a 10% discount before applying tax. Very sweet people and an awesome selection. The prices are much more than garage sale or library mini-store -- say $4 for a mass market paperback, $15-$18 for a good quality size, and up to $40 or more for some of their good quality, rare hardcovers -- but totally worth the experience.
5 My absolute favorite used book store in Las Vegas. I'm a huge fan of Clive Barker and they always have his work in stock even signed copies on occasion. They also have an amazing selection and some really awesome finds. First editions, signed copies, hard to find, extremely old, mint condition, you name it, they've got it. Prices are always fair, the sweet old man at the counter will often mark down items if he thinks it's to pricey for the condition, and if your lucky he will take you to the secret room next door which is full of even more books! He's super friendly and adorable. The staff is always helpful and friendly. If you want books go here!
5 My daughter found them on yelp when she found out we were going to Vegas. The staff were very friendly and knowledgeable. Great selection too!
1 This is a joke right? I've never in my life been to a used book store that's so expensive. I bought a book on Amazin for 1 cent with 2.99 shipping for a total of 3.00 and they were selling it here for $16.  So I continued to look through the store and check amazon this place is a ripoff. This is Vegas, people struggle, there aren't very many jobs,  I've been to book stores in the nicest neighborhoods in California and they were 80% cheaper than here. The library has books for 25 cents in Vegas. Don't waste your money here. I have a good job and still wouldn't buy anything here, Not because I can't afford it but because I would feel like an idiot. I walked out if here after 10 minutes.
