1 We just bought a car from a private seller. They got the oil  changed before the put it up for sale (very nice of them), and they warned us that when they got the oil changed the car's accordion tube coming out of the air filter was covered in duct tape, when confronted the service people said they had no idea.  Then I took it in for my mechanic to look over and the oil cap was busted and they showed it to me to ask if I wanted them to cut it off, because that was the only way to get it off!  I asked the sellers where they had taken it and if they knew about the damage, they said Big O in Centennial Hills, and they had no idea. I know the sellers, so I believe them and am not impressed by shady mechanics :(
1 this big o tire center is not a good place to go to i bought 4 new tires one year ago and  icame back on 10/ 4/12 and told them that my tire was cracked and the told me after prorate it would cost me $65.00 and i told them fine go ahead and change it again i came back  on 1/5/13 whith another cracked tire and the store manager went outside to look at the tire and whithout even putting the car up and inspecting the car he told me it was my shocks that made my tire crack i told him the shocks were 6 months old then he said it was my alignment i said ok how much is thi tire going to cost me he said follow me inside i did i asked him why the tires keep craking he replied they are cheap tires i said wow then he lookred in his computer and told me after prorate that tire would cost me $91.00 and i told him thats more than what i originally paid for them  i showed him the invoice and the original cost was $71.00 he replied whith thats the cost i asked him if he could do better he replied im not doing anything for you thats the cost i asked to speak to the manager and he said he was the manager and thats the cost no matter what i told him i did not think that was fair he replied oh well so i told him thank you and walked outside at that time i called the corporate 800 number and the person from corporate told me i have deal whith the big o tire company i bought them from so i dove off and went to a tire company called matias tire and wheel i talked to a sevice manager named jose and he checked my shocks and aligment and said they were fine he replaced the cracked tire for me at a cost of $65.00 i would not recommend going to big o tires the managment is very rude and its to bad when you talk to him you feel like all he wants is to sell you somthing at outrages costs buyer beware of this big o tire shop   6060 centennial blvd las vegas nv 89149
5 We  had a blow out on the freeway and these guys took care of us.  We crippled in on our spare and though they were busy, they helped us as fast as they could and gave us great advice.  They didn't have the tire, but hunted down just the right one.  Super impressed.
1 This location have some very incompetent service people.  I got an wheel alignment from them in may, from these clowns.  Afterwards, I felt vibrations coming from front-end. So, since they gave me a lifetime free alignments I revisited them to have this problem rectified.    After visiting them the problem persisted. So, I revisited them and told the supervisor may problem. And, he comes back and tell me it's the struts. And, once they are replaced my problem would be fixed. With this understanding and confidence in his knowledge I paid $500, to get this problem resolved.    Well, less than a month later my front-end was vibrating again.  This prompted me to revisit these nincompoops.  Because it was obvious that the struts weren't the problem.  In speaking James, the manager, I told him they need to test drive my car on the freeway.  Because this problem was persisting.  I waited 1 hour and James comes out and tell me it's my driveline.  What?  So, why did you guys sell me struts?  And, now telling me its the driveline?  I get it you say whatever's best for that moment, as long as you get the money.  Therefore, stealing from your customers.
1 This place is the worst! Go elsewhere! I brought my car in here over a year ago for an issue. Left it there overnight. Get a call from them the next day telling me they couldn't find the problem I brought it in for but said I needed new brakes. Wth?! Other crap went down with this repair place afterwards but I won't bore you with the details. Just go elsewhere.
