1 Gilcrease Orchard is an orchard open to the public six days of the week. According to their website they have a wide variety of fresh produce for very reasonable prices.   Yeah, so ...   The place opens at 7a, closes at noon, Tues through Sun. We got there a little after 830. You pay two dollars a head and the girl sends you on your way (with plastic bags if you should need) and you DRIVE your car around the outer lanes of the block. You can park and walk down the aisles of stuff. There's not really parking. My cousin-guys met us there, so they left their car street side and we drove around in my car.  AWD, son! The whole time we were there I was having to suppress my urge to do donuts in all that gravel and dust.   So our first pass, we cut down the block early. We saw a whole bunch of unripe pears. A lot of unripe pears. So we drove back to where we came from and asked the ladies in the front  wtf we're supposed to be doing.   I asked the lady if she had "--a map? No." Oh, wow, okay. "What are you looking for?" Uh, fruits, squash, tomatoes ... "Its too early for squashes. There are 20 rows of tomatoes in the vegetable patch. Just drive all the way to the end and turn left." Thanks.   So we drove to the end and parked.   akjhskjhd a  The frickin' veg patch was all ransacked by the time we got there. There were huge roided out zucchini in the middle of the the lanes. They looked like beached whales.   All of the tomatoes were either green and hard or smashed on the ground. And the ones that did look ripe on the vine had like these little brown yamika things on the bottom. What is that?   There was corn, too, but it was all jacked. It was like brown and dead.   Yeah, there was a lot of unripe or dead things.   And fire ants and something that digs big holes in the ground and eats veggies.   I was so disappointed. I had these huge expectations. I thought I was gonna be transported into the Garden of Eden, goddamnit!   Crap. So when we cashed out, they had more produce at the check out. Before I got there, I had a big bag with three tiny tomatoes and two normal-sized zucchini. At check out, I bought a cantaloupe, acorn squash, and spaghetti squash. All of that, plus my slim pickin's plus some of my cousin's stuff came out to $6. But the four of us paid $2 a head to get in. So by my calculations ... carry the two ... a $3 tomato?   They also sell apple cider, but apple juice makes me yak.   We probably went between seasons, I don't know.    I told my entourage to wear cover toed shoes and long sleeves. Both are unnecessary. Don't stand in one place too long because the fire ants will kill you.   I'll give more stars if I get a bounty ... if I ever go back. I wanted to cry ... I wanted bales of stuff. Stupid website has no barometer of suck.  * off the strip, non-casino
5 I hope the previous reviewer will give this place a second chance! =( From what I know, the Gilcrease Orchard really is a labor of love by it's owners. I doubt they make any money at all off of selling their produce, which I've found to be quite cheap and much, much fresher than anything I've found at the supermarket. Yes, the produce is seasonal. And yes, sometimes you have to hunt to find the good stuff. But it is there, and I can attest to that. I'm just thrilled that we have something like this in Vegas! I would recommend gloves and gardening shears, depending on what you are planning to pick (like the okra or squash).
1 My 3 year old was very excited when we told him we were going to a pumpkin patch to pick our own pumpkins and other fruit. Unfortunately he was very disappointed when there was no fruit to pick (after an hour of walking around we did manage to gather about 5 apples and 1 extremely small pumpkin). We did strawberry picking in California with him a couple months ago and he loved it, so we were really upset when we left the Gilcrease Pumpkin Patch. The pictures are very inaccurate. Everything is brown and empty. If you don't believe me I have attached a link to a picture of my son and I there or just drive past before you go in. http://www.degreeflash.com/images/DSCF2877.JPG
4 Affordable family fun you pick produce. Pay by the car and drive through the fields to what section you want to pick from zucchini, to eggplant, tomatoes, peaches, apples, pears, even figs!   Join the email club on their website to get emails of what is ready to pick. http://www.thegilcreaseorchard.org/  Awesome pressed cider from apples grown at the orchard. Most you pick crops are a dollar a pound.   Get there early to beat the heat! Open 7am to 12noon Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays.
4 Came here today for the 2nd year in a row for picking out our pumpkins. The selection is much better this year than it was last year for them. It was fun to let my toddler run around and check out the offerings. We tried to look for some veggies but did not have much luck with that. We did manage to buy some apples and pears as well as a gallon of apple cider when we checked out. It was 18.50 for a big pumpkin, 3 pears, 3 apples and the cider. Plus its now 3 bucks to drive in. Its a great place to take kiddos for pix as well.
4 -This review is long overdue since I came here during Summer-  I've always wanted to go fruit and veggie picking, but I never thought my first time would be in Vegas. It was a delightful surprise. I only wish I didn't decide to come here during the middle of Summer.   The drive over here was a little confusing because there was another sign for a Gilcrease FARM that led us through a dirt road where we found two little boys selling vegetables and fruits on a small table. We asked them where the orchard was and they said we had to keep going down the main road. We turned around, went back onto the main road, and eventually found the orchard on the right side.   The orchard is pretty big. It's everything you'd expect an orchard to look like. When you enter there are parking spaces on the right side. You also have the option of driving your car into the orchard (if you're lazy as f*ck, or if you just plan on getting many loads of veggies), but you have to pay a fee to do this. We just parked out car and entered the orchard.  There is a lady at a table when you just enter. She gives you some bags, a map, and lets you know which veggies/fruits are okay to pick at the time.  Since we didn't come here for anything specific except for a good time, we walked in and pretty much started picking everything in sight, which was kind of stupid. We soon realized that we needed to be a lot more selective after seeing that there were still at least 15 more rows to go down.   We ended up with a couple giant squash (no idea why), some apples, an eggplant, a couple tomatoes, and zucchini. There was a lot more than that to choose from, but we just got too exhausted and our skin was burning.   We walked down to the pay area, which also has piles of already picked fruits and veggies to buy and also the BEST apple cider you will ever try! Since we were all dying from the heat, we each bought the smallest apple cider and took it down in one gulp. That's when we realized it was DELICIOUS and ended up guying a gallon...EACH! It was just soo good, especially since it was ice cold. I believe we spent less than 20 bucks for everything, which was quite a deal.  I really like this place. I'd definitely come back, but not in the middle of summer and not without a ton of sunblock and water. If you don't mind driving, I suggest you try this place out, just for the experience, if not the apple cider.
1 Here's what happened to Gilcrease Orchard:   Yes, it used to be a nice place to pick apples and apricots and all kinds of fruit. But that was years ago. Before a number of things happened.   Most importantly, it is now run by this weird Christian group that benefited from Gilcrease SR's mental decline on the terms of running the farm land continually. The rest of the orchard was sold off for condo's and the like for relatives to benefit from, as well as given to to house Arbor View HS ( side Note: land was given in exchange for the promise that AR HS develop a program for Agriculture. Which they've welshed on. Not enough money they claim ).   So now it is open three days a week for five hours a day. There is no parking, but you pay to drive onto the property if you buy something or not. And then you overpay for some fresh-squeezed apple cider that is only average, but fresh. In Vegas, that alone is an anomaly.   So what was once a really nifty little farming area is now this kooky little setup that is only a pale reflection of what it once was.  And they only take cash. Look into that mister IRS man.
5 Great place to go in Vegas. Good Prices and a fun way to spend a few summer hours outside.
4 It's a fun thing to do with the kids on early weekend morning. Best time to go is early, before the sun gets too hot and before the crowd grows larger. Be sure to bring gardening tools so it's easier to pick the produce.
4 Worth the drive! Had a great time with our young son pulling up carrots and picking squash. Just need to get there earlier on a Sat morning, as all the good peppers and eggplant had been picked!). Made me think of home (San Joaquin Valley, CA). Very cool thing to have out here in the desert!
4 Probably more like 3.5 stars, but I am so dang excited to know that something can grow in these here parts that I am giving it 4!    Checked this place out a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday.  Gilcrease is open Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays from 7 a.m. til 12 noon.  Managed to snag some beautiful tomatoes, jalapeno peppers, a butternut squash, zucchini, onion and cucumber.  The prices were cheap too!  Everything I bought was $11.  I ate those tomatoes for a solid week.  Made salads, salsa.  Definitely worth the trip, but go early.  I didn't get there until 11 a.m. and it was slim pickings, as most everything had been picked.  I still had a blast and will definitely return earlier on a Saturday.  Also, BUY SOME CIDER!  I do not like apple cider very much, but at the check out they had some mostly frozen apple cider.  Bought a small container and we downed it. Very, very good and we regretted not buying the half gallon.  Bring cash, as Gilcrease is a cash only operation.
4 Ok, so when compared to the farms I grew up around in Pittsburgh...Gilcrease doesn't exactly wow in terms of selection or size. But we have to be realistic here, people, we're in the middle of the desert. A for effort!   I've only ever been here in the fall. Last year in October my husband and I visited several times after we became addicted to the amazing apples that grow here. I also bought lots of zucchini, eggplant, tomatoes, sweet potatoes, and baking pumpkins. Everything tastes so much better than what you find in the grocery store and the prices are better too.   If you don't want to pick yourself or don't have the time, they have a stand at the entrance with some (but not all) of the fruits and veggies they are growing. We came back this weekend, but thought it was still too hot to walk around the orchard so we opted for what was at the stand instead.   I ended up with 9 giant pears and a couple baby apples that only cost me $4.50 (!). The apple cider is a little expensive ($4 for a half gallon) but is so good.   Here are a few tips: Get in as early as possible because it gets crowded pretty quickly. Park outside the orchard (for free) and walk around and enjoy nature...wear tennis shoes. Why would you go in the summer?? It's scorching out! Go in the fall and have your pick of all the squashes and apples that's in season and bask in the non-triple-digit weather. Most importantly, be realistic. You are in Las Vegas, not northern California. There's not going to be acres and acres of every vegetable you can imagine. There's going to be maybe a dozen different things that can get picked over pretty quickly. Go to Gilcrease more for the experience and make sure to grab some cider!
4 I don't appreciate crowds and chaos, but what do you expect at one of the few places food grows in Vegas on a Saturday just before Halloween.  Pumpkins, mazes, cider and outdoor spaces for people to roam outdoors and children to wonder over the creation of food and play in the earth.  I was ecstatic for a place to pick my own....not just a pumpkin or some tree fruit, but spinach and bok choi and baby squashes and okra and eggplant and peppers and chard and sweet potatoes!  There was plenty of diversity and abundance even though the woman at the entry asked you not to expect much.  It is all a matter of perspective.  While tomatoes had endured temperatures too low to be looking well, plenty of real food bounty was found by myself on a mid October day.  Pears and melons were staged conveniently on the way out so you were certain to get home with some sweet stuff too.  Don't approach a farm with expectations, but an open mind and you are sure to come away pleased with what you have discovered.  A miracle of real food at your finger tips.
5 I had no idea we had some farm land in Las Vegas or that we could grow anything (I've tried).  This for me is a true oasis.  I grew up picking my own veggies, fruits and herbs.  I would say herbs is the only thing missing here.   We first enjoyed some pear and apple cider sold in several sizes (while supplies last) served partly frozen which is welcomed during our hot months.  We then head over to the donut stand and savored some hot mini apple cider donuts drizzled with a cream cheese frosting and at $2 a half a dozen it's a steel.  We were then ready for what lied ahead... incredible orchards.    We caught a ride on the hay wagon pulled by a big tractor which took us all around the orchards.   You can stop along the way and catch it on the way back again. That was a treat although we later found out they don't always have this available so check in advance.   I definitely went overboard when picking zucchini and zucchini blossoms, cucumbers, green tomatoes, banana peppers, eggplant, beets, green beans, and apples.  I was so excited for the endless possibilities in enjoying my harvest.  The pricing is also very reasonable and if you are in to huge zucchinis they are just a buck.    Come early as crowds definitely do form.  Parking is not bad and if you wish you can also take your own vehicle which I believe they charge $3 for.  Also visit their website and find out what's in season as well as their calendar events. May I also recommend their dark chocolate peanut butter and local honey! Happy picking!
5 APPLE CIDER DOUGHNUTS!!!!!!!   Okay, now that I've got your attention, This is a great way to spend a morning "hunting" for seasonal fruits and veggies, but the first thing that caught my eyes, nose, and stomach was these freshly made warm apple cider doughnuts($2/6 mini doughnuts) with cinnamon-cider icing with some ice cold Gilcrease Apple Cider was a great pick-me-up...  We hopped on the hay wagon and went for a little tour of the orchard. Eveyrthing from Chiles,Pumpkins,Squash, Eggplant, Bok Choy, Edamame, Tomatoes, Etc. were all there at dirt cheap prices. Wifey scored a couple of gigantic Zucchini, Eggplant, Tomatoes, and some Banana Peppers.  I picked up some beautiful Squash Blossoms and a bunch of Green Tomatoes. Total for all of our produce? Only $3.50!!!! On our way out, I also grabbed some apple and pear cider.......okay, okay, and another order of doughnuts too,,,  Already planning my menu as I was picking them in the orchard, we totally enjoyed the fried green tomatoes, deep fried squash blossoms, and squash blossom quesadillas for dinner!!!! ALOHA!!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(78/365) "Our Farm to Table Feast"
4 I really like this place...the concept especially.  I recall asking if the produce is organic and was happy to hear that it is but it is not certified because of the cost to do so.  I appreciate that they offer different kinds of produce every week too.  Tomatoes, zucchini, squash, green leafy vegetables, eggplant, cucumbers, carrots, apples and onions just to name a few.  Towards the end of the summer various melons are available and while I prefer vegetables to fruit I recommend their fruit to anyone.  It is always sweet and fresh.    I would like to offer a couple of suggestions - It bothers me that all of this produce is grown naturally but cars are allowed into the farm.  Look, don't be lazy people, park on the street and walk the 5 minute walk to the fields.  Does it make sense to grow as natural as possible only to be infected with auto exhaust fumes?    The wasted produce is really bad.  It is amazing to see all of the carrots, zucchini, cucumbers, tomatoes and apples that are on the ground.  I suspect that most of the discarded produce is picked by people and then not wanted and thrown on the ground to rot and go to waste.  Maybe some employees or volunteers can "patrol" the fields better or educate people on how to pick only the ripe produce/identify mature produce to help scale down the waste.  At the least, the discarded produce can be picked up and donated to the bird sanctuary or an animal rescue organization for feed.  Finally, stop handing out plastic bags for people to use.  Offer baskets or reusable bags for people to borrow/rent when they are picking up their vegetables.  It would be nice to go to the orchard without seeing 50 plastic bags tangled in the trees or lining the fences.  Or better yet, if you are going to the farm, bring your own bag or drag along a wagon.  Opps, one more suggestion, citrus trees would be great and they like our environment.
5 This is the best deal in Vegas on fresh veggies and fruits period!  One dollar a pound.  It's a non profit so they offer it as a service to the community therefore low price.  Quality is insane for dessert grown.  I love tomatoes 20 kinds, cucumbers,squash,zucchini potatoes ,onions, fruit trees galore, it's really amazing how cheap and high quality it is.  One of the best secrets in town worthy of the drive.  Home run !!!!!
4 A farm in Vegas... REALLY? Unbelievable. Nestled in the dessert is a fantastic  pick-your-own, honest-to-goodness farm. The best way to get fresh produce at the most economical prices; most everything is $1 a pound. You can walk in for free, rent a wagon for $1, or drive in for $3. Once in you are provided with a map of available pickings and then get to work. If you sign up for the newsletter online, you are notified of the varietals available. Go early, bring gloves and a small knife... some of those veggies are prickly!
5 Came here over the weekend in search for a pumpkin for my little one.  I love that he can run around and enjoy the beauty of nature. There were tons of pumpkins everywhere. Go early to avoid a crowd, try the apple cider, and wear covered shoes to avoid scratches.  I hope to return soon :-)
5 'Tis that season again folks! Get your pumpkins and produce here! Gilcrease Orchard is open Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday from 7am-12 noon. They wil be open through mid-November and Re-open in the Spring. You could walk the orchard or Drive through for $3...  This is a great place to take the kiddies to pick fresh produce and they could even play in the hay maze. On this visit, we first fueled up with some FRESH APPLE CIDER DOUGHNUTS, then went through the orchard to see what we could bring home.  We came across fresh Granny Smith Apples, Radishes, Green Beans, Zucchini, Squash Blossoms, Beauregard Sweet Potatoes, Okra, and Eggplant, we also got more juicy pears. All our produce cost a cool $6!  Here's some  pro tips to remember:  Get some Apple Cider Doughnuts to start your day  Come before 9am to avoid the crowds  Bring bags(The Yelp bags are perfect!) or baskets to fill  Only pick what you plan to purchase...share the produce with everyone else...  Don't forget to pick up some ice cold apple and/or pear cider  Get another order of doughnuts(or 2) on your way out  ALOHA!!!
5 This is a great place to take children to; plenty of room to run around and check out fruit-bearing trees and all sorts of vegetable plants. Bring a hat, sunscreen, and comfortable walking shoes. Try their pear and apple ciders!
4 This was our first visit here and I have a feeling the experience could've been better if we had gone at a better time of year when the food was at its peak. It's still a great place for families to bond together and for kids to be able to see what it's like to grow your own fruit and veggies. Where else in Vegas does this happen? Certainly not my desert oasis of a backyard.  We went early November and I felt that everything had been picked through and the season was at its end with a lot of dead plants around (they do close for the season mid-nov).  Usually it's $3.00 to bring the car in, but since it was the end, it was free. If you have little ones, you might want to pay to drive in because it can be a lot of walking.  I'm hoping to go back at a better time with better and bigger pickings. Just need to figure out when that is. Next time I'll have to try the doughnuts.
4 We are from Michigan and both my wife & my families had oversized home gardens while growing up.  What a pleasant surprise to find fresh fruits and veggies growing in the desert!  As mentioned in other articles, you can pay to park or walk in.  We always walk in & out--cuz we need the exercise.  Pay attention to the maps you get and ask the other pickers and you will always find the least picked over areas from which to harvest your goodies.  You also want to check under the leafy areas for the best items to pick.  The "exposed to the summer sun" tomatoes especially will get sunburned, but you will find plenty toward the bottoms of the plants.   I especially second the "get there early advice, both because of the summer sun and because everything tends to get picked over and you will get lots of stuff that is undersized and needs just one more day to grow to proper picking size.  This would apply to eggplants and summer squash and cukes especially.  What the heck, tho--you pay by the pound and they always round down at the checkout, so its not a real biggie.  Go, enjoy, but don't forget your sunscreen, hat-----and a trowel if you are getting carrots or beets...  Check out some of the exotic veggies, also.  The rows are well marked with different plant names, and the people picking in that row always will explain them to you and give you cooking tips..  I love this place.
4 Though this place use to be much larger than it is now, it is still pretty great. This is one of the only places you can go to to get fresh fruit and veggies (and pumpkins during Halloween).  I have such fond memories of coming here and picking my own fruit. Don't be a jerk though- what you pick you take. It's ridiculous to throw it on the ground.
5 I can't believe this place is in Vegas! You must get the pear cider!
5 WHHHAAAATTTTT fresh veggies in vegas!? I'm there!!!! Husband and I traveled up here last saturday, I felt right at home picking these yummy deliciousness goodies! You can park across the street and walk in or drive in with your car for $3. Since it was our first time I walked up to one of the workers and told her it was our first time she explained what veggies are in season (you can also look on their website) a map of the farm and how everything works. Because it was 11 and they close at 12 she told us to just drive in our car and she wouldn't charge us since it was our first time. I hate that we came so late in the day because I felt like the good stuff was already gone. We managed to find a few good picking's. When you check out they have some pre picked veg like asparagus, green onions, and garlic. We got 3 bunches of asparagus at $2 each! What a deal!! OH BY THE WAY make sure you bring some gardening gloves and shears, bring cash as well, and get there early as they close at 12!
4 I don't like the heat. I don't like manual labor in heat. Also, fuck bees everywhere and grasshoppers that hit my face when I bend down to pick something. But there is something satisfying with it all, seeing where your food comes from and being excited you found the perfect zucchini hidden among the leaves.   For those not in the know of this NW orchard, it's a pick-your-own farm where most of the fruits and vegetables are about $1 a lb, cash only. Open currently Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday from 7am - noon.  You can park on the street and walk in for free, or you can drive your car into the orchard for $3. If you want to know what is available, check their website!   During the summer, I feel driving in makes more sense. Can get some AC inbetween the various plots. We were pressed for time, and we should've driven in. It's not huge, but it's big enough that there's a decent walk from the vegetables to the fruit trees. We didn't have time to get fruit since we came close to closing.   When you walk in there is a station on the right where you can get plastic bags to put your produce in (or you can bring your own - get eco friendly!) , a map of what is planted where and it tells you what is ready to be picked. They also have wagons you can use. I highly recommend coming with gloves! Some of the squash plants were kinda prickly and hard to get a good grip of the stem to break it off nicely. I chipped one of my squashes tops and I think this is the kind of place to be decent if you break it, buy it and make sure the one you pick is what you want. It's cheap for being good quality, c'mon, don't be a dick and throw it on the floor to rot to save a dollar. Respect the place.   What we went home with was 2 nice zucchini. 2 golden zucchinis, a large yellow summer squash and a large green squash (they were in a "various" plot so I didn't know what it was), 3 small beets, mini carrots, squash blossoms, a handful of green beans (who knew these grew in a bush?! They are very hard to see and handpick!), a bag of  small roasting potatoes. This was a total of $7. The zucchinis were good enough that I mandolined one and thew just some vinaigrette on it and ate it with some organic greens!   On the left of the entrance, is the check out booth where they weigh your stuff. They had some garlic and potatoes already picked on sale there, some water, and some cider. There were only a few looking opened cider so I skipped out. I was looking forward to that, sadly.   It's a interesting experience and something unique, fun and rewarding to do. I'll try to wake up more often and take advantage of the freshest possible produce...right by my house!
4 This is not the season for half of the produce in the orchard, but what was available was of spectacular quality. Some of the larger gourds are cheap. We got three large zucchinis and squashes for a dollar each. Everything else was a dollar a pound. In the end, three large bags came out to $20.  For some the ability to pick your own produce is definitely a bonus. Just avoid going too late. The summer is a killer. I cannot wait for apple season and for the eggplants to mature.
5 One of the only U-pick farms in the Las Vegas valley, has been around for more than  90 years. They open early spring through late fall and offer a wide range of vegetables and fruit that you cut, pick , and dig up yourself,. A fantastic place to take the kids on the weekend, open at 7 am on Sat., They as well offer hay rides and a maze during the holidays. During October they have a huge Pumpkin patch that is fun to walk through and find that perfect Jack-o-lantern or pie pumpkin.produce is inexpensive averaging $1/lb for most things, they even have their own apple and pear cider they is available at the check stand.
4 Came for a parents group meet up event . For $3 a person/bag we enjoyed a guided tour with a hayride and got to pick peaches. My kids LOVED this place. Tour started at 9am, they were prompt and got us loaded on the vehicle for the hayride. After picking our peaches which were quite ripe yet but they were more then honest about that info we got to enter in the cider press area. It was really cool. The staff was very knowledgable . I also loved how the lady running our tour hosed down the kids when we got back from picking fruit it shows they want the kids to have fun and they are prepared for ways for folks to cool down in the crazy Vegas heat.   Best part was since it was a private tour on a Friday we had perfect time to get  first dibs on fresh honey . Well worth the $6 a bottle because its really delicious . Most people know that already since it sells out super fast! I also decided to buy some of the fresh chocolate peanut butter and its OK I've had better pb elsewhere .  It will be hot  make sure to dress appropriately especially  in secure shoes .   Keep in mind they  are only open three days a week and hours of operation may change depending on the heat.  The website gives info on what is season and what's ready to pick. If you decide to just go in blind you may be paying $1.00 lb for not yummy stuff so take their advice on what's in season!   It's a really great deal for fresh fruits and veggies only 1.00lb  with only downside being manual labor lol..  This is a must stop for parents wanting to give their kids a fun and educational place to check out . It's friendly and fun for all ages ..
4 Awesome place to get fresh fruits and veggies.
5 OMG! I first drove past this place when I was visiting about 6 months ago.  I was so tickled pink that I signed up for their newsletter so I can find out their weekly specials.  Now that I moved here I plan on coming here monthly maybe even weekly.    I have never been to a place where I could go pick my own fruits and veggies.  How cool is that?  The only thing we had back home was picking our own corn.  Nothing like this.  I was so excited to come here.  There is ample parking across the street from the orchard if you want to save $3.00.   I parked across the street and walked straight to the entrance booth where this lovely lady gave me a map and pointed me to the areas I was looking for.  She even gave me picking tips and what to do with the fruits when I got home.  Awesome.  There is wagons that you can borrow to push your little ones in or to hold your purse and pickings.  The rows are wide enough if you want to drive your car in.  At the checkout counter they already have picked fruits and veggies.    Apple cider drinks and homemade nut butter.  Yummy!!!  I will be back for sure and the prices are reasonable.
4 The apple cider doughnut are amazing!!! I went for the honey and am so glad I did.  There was only a few bottles left.  Hopefully it helps my allergies and it tastes great.  You can tell its fresh honey and not the store brought quality. I will go back when it gets a little bit cooler to pick some fruit and vegetables.  oh... everyone was so friendly and helpful.
5 Really great to have a you pick farm in Las Vegas.  They have a good variety, are nice people and the farm stand is a good easy choice for fresh local produce.
5 Way back in the early 90's is when I stumbled across this awesome place. Since then I took my kids, the kids I use to babysit to this orchard to pick apples, peaches, pears, tomatoes and pumpkins. The kids always enjoyed our time here. Great family outing and I highly recommend this place!
3 Did I think there was an orchard here in Vegas?  Nope! But luckily a fellow yelper had checked in here!    We drove up here on a Saturday morning.  Unfortunately we tried to come here Friday morning and didn't realize they weren't open.  It was fairly busy but parking was really easy to get in and out of.  You will immediately smell the Apple Cider Donuts they have selling near the front entrance.  So follow your nose... go get some donuts!  The lady selling them asked if we wanted the cinnamon cream cheese frosting on top...  Uh~ YEAH!  Who would turn that down?   The frosting complimented the flavorful donut so well!  You get 6 mini donuts for $2.  Pretty good deal to me!  At the same time you can buy some of the Gilcrease apple cider.  This was also pretty great.  Refreshing and delicious!    Now, why only a 3 star?  Well, I'm at an apple orchard right?  But there aren't any apples that I can pick and take home?  This was strange to me.  I've been to many many orchards but never one I couldn't pick some apples.  They didn't even have any fresh apples to purchase.  Bummer.  There were plenty of pumpkins to browse & buy.  There were also other produce products to pick but I think their prices were a bit out of hand.     Their check out lines consisted of 3 registers set up on temporary tables under tents.  There weren't any organized lines and way of checking out.   If you were in a long line, people would come up from the other side of the orchard and get in front of you.  Very frustrating.    I was sadly disappointed in the orchard itself.  Donuts were great though.  :-)
4 "Dem apple cider donuts doe."  I came here a week or so ago to pick our pumpkin to carve. Heard good things about this place so I wasn't surprised that I loved my visit so much. :) I kinda forgot I was in Vegas for a little bitl  Free parking right outside. Go straight to the Apple Cider Donuts stand! 6 hot, crispy outside, moist inside, sweet, delectable donuts for $2.00! Can't go wrong with that. Quench your thirst with a slushy Apple Cider drink and you're good to go!  The walk to the Pumpkin Patch itself wasn't long. It can be a nice walk if you're wearing appropriate shoes & if the weather isn't too hot. There were plenty of pumpkins even if we came a little later in the morning. The line was a little long to pay for the pumpkin, but I didn't mind. I had good company and a beautiful scenery.  Overall, it was such a refreshing experience. Something new to try. I'd love to come back & pick other veggies too. Can't wait! :)
4 FREE to walk through and $3 to drive through~!!! Pick your own locally grown, organic (but not certified) produce...umm YES! Most people don't even know this place exists in Las Vegas because we sure didn't.  Came here for the first time this past weekend just to check it out and we definitely will be back. We got some made to order apple cider donuts ($2 for 6.) I don't have much of a sweet tooth so I only had 2 but my man scarfed down 4 and really enjoyed them~  We then went to grab some apple cider but they didn't have any of the smaller sizes so we grabbed a gallon for $4.. The bigger sizes are all frozen because after they thaw them you have only 10 days to drink them.. We very much enjoyed it later on at home.. For this season, all of the produce are more towards the back of the orchard so the plants up front were barren.. You go walk to the section and pick (literally) your goods and then go back front to pay (most items are $1/1lb).. I highly recommend bringing a bag (recyclable canvas tote of course) but they also sell bags there.. And if you plan on purchasing a lot then just make your life easier and drive through...   The people working there were really nice and most of them were volunteering since it's non-profit!  What we were noticed and liked were how friendly and honest people were.. When you drive through you come back around and let the cashier know what all you got.. I over-heard the cashier telling a man his total and he was like "oh you forgot to charge me for the cider!" ;]]]]   HOT TIP: They started closing the gates at about 15 minutes till closing~
5 I grew up picking fruits and veggies in my Papa's garden. So when I discovered Gilcrease (only after being in Vegas for almost 10 friggen years! - Shame on me!) I was thrilled! I only wish I had found it a few months earlier so I could have picked the apples, peaches and pears in season.   So here is the deal: 60 acres of crops: apples, peaches, pears, figs, plums, Arugala, Asparagus, Beets, Bok Choy, Carrots, Corn, Cucumbers, Eggplant, Garlic, Kale, Leeks, Melons, Onions, Peas, Potatoes, Pumpkins, Radishes, Squash, Sweet, Potatoes ,Tomatoes ,Zucchini Check the website for info on what's available seasonally http://www.thegilcreaseorchard.org/  Hours: Seasonal so check the website wagons are available to haul your stash as you make your way up and down the rows of crops.  This place is one of my new Vegas favorites! So thrilled I can spend a morning picking my own veggies! I definitely suggest going early to avoid the heat and crowds.  In October you can expect to find cider, doughnuts, & hayrides too. Definitely a fun and different way to spend a day in Vegas.
4 This place gets really busy. The check out line gets really long as well. Expect a lot of walking especially of you wanna browse the whole farm. It is suggested to bring a pull cart or sturdy tote bags to carry your harvest. Otherwise they sell some cloth totes for $2 or get free plastic bags. They also sell some homemade products like peanut butter and apple cider. It's a really fun experience.
3 First off, we came in mid October, which is apparently and understandably not a good time. We walked all over the farm and still couldn't understand how people were finding anything to pick/buy. It wasn't just us either. I heard at least 2 other people say stuff like "I guess we'll try again in the spring" as they walked around as empty-handed as us. I LOVE the idea of this place, but it just didn't pan out. I will definitely be going back in the spring, when there is (hopefully) stuff available. At that time, I will be updating this review. Moving on, besides the pick-n-pay aspect, they also offer homemade goodies that would make it worth visiting any time of year. They sell fresh apple cider which is remarkably tasty and refreshing (the pear cider was just okay, imo) and when we were there, they had a booth set-up that was selling fresh-from-the-fryer apple cider donuts. Let me tell you, these donuts (we skipped the icing) were simply incredible, unbelievable and other adjectives as well! They were honestly some of the best things I've ever had the pleasure of eating. If you ever go, do yourself a favor, wait in that understandably-long line and get yourself some. You won't be disappointed. We actually considered driving all the way back just to buy some more. We also got some homemade almond butter and, maybe it's just a matter of personal taste, but neither of us liked it at all. It was near tasteless, a little gritty and completely impossible to spread on to bread. Definitely won't be doing that again. But like I said, we both really dig the pick-n-pay concept and the cider and donuts almost make up for us walking away with no vegetables. Depending on the time of year, this place is definitely worth checking out.
5 For being in Las Vegas, they grow an amazing selection of fruit and vegetables to pick. They are open (from 1-4 days a week) about half the year, mostly in the summer and fall. It's free to go in, you just pay for whatever you pick. I have no insight into the owners being alleged fanatical Christians (nor should it matter!!), but I can attest to this being the ONLY farm in the LV area. The next closest is either Overton or pahrump and you can't pick your own there! Word of warning: it is crazy packed during pumpkin patch season.
4 We went to the orchard this past weekend. It's great for kids , fun and educational. There wasn't much to choose from but you can sign up for their weekly newsletter to see what's ready for picking .  The staff was soooo friendly and helpful, that's a huge plus.  The produce was very inexpensive .  There are some tables under some trees near the cashier stand, we brought our own picnic lunch to enjoy after the kids were done picking.  Would Definitely go  back when more things are in season!
5 I love Gilcrease. Have been here several times at different parts of the year and it never fails to disappoint. At this time they only have a small section open but have an abundance of carrots, lettuce, bok choy, kale, and beets. We also finally brought home some chocolate peanut butter and it is delicious. Not as sweet as one would imagine. Everybody is always friendly and willing to answer any questions you might have. This is an awesome outing for the kiddos and they even have wagons you can pull them around in available at the entrance. Definitely a must-see in Vegas!!
4 Right now they are open Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays from 7 am - 12 pm. Admission is free if you are walking in, but $3 to drive in with your vehicle. There is parking right across from the entrance if you decide not to drive in. I grew up coming to this orchard for school field trips as well with family and friends. I love that this place is still here! The area is rich in history, which could take a whole review alone so, I recommend reading up on it sometime and maybe you will appreciate the area even more. They have such a huge orchard that depending on the time of season you come, you really need to dress accordingly especially if you plan on walking through. There is about 60 acres to explore. They have a stand at the entrance if you just want to grab some stuff already picked, or you can take your time exploring the orchard and pick what you like. They provide wagons for you to use.  When I visited yesterday they were offering the following: Carrots - $1 per pound Beets - $1 per pound Cucumbers - $1 per pound Green Tomatoes - $1 per pound Apricots - $1 per pound Squash - $1 per pound Zucchini - $1 per pound Peaches - $1 per pound Honey - $7 for the honey bear and $20 for a quart Garlic - $2 for 3 bulbs or $10 for 3 pounds New Potatoes - $2 per bag Onions - $1 each Peanut Butter - $6 each Almond Butter - $8 each   I came specifically for a honey bear and some peanut butter. Both sell out fast and aren't always available. If you can get your hands on some, I recommend it! The honey is fresh and comes right from the orchard. The peanut butter us a huge hit in our house and doesn't last long. If you ever at the orchard when they are making fresh apple cider donuts you must try some! They are usually only a couple bucks and SO worth it! Sign up for their weekly newsletter and find out when they have available for harvest and what types of food items they might be cooking up.  Pets aren't allowed for health reasons.
5 Loved the orchard...so many different fruits and vegetables to choose from. Picked tree ripened sweet peaches, gorgeous red Roma & celebrity tomatoes, huge green zucchini & squash, baby carrots and beets. There was plenty for everyone to pick. Just remember to bring a hat and some water.
5 This was such a lovely and wonderful getaway from the busy streets of Las Vegas. For a moment in time I forgot where I was and enjoyed my surroundings. Everything is self serve here. You get out into the fields and pick your own fruits and veggies. They have some bags available but I brought my own. They give you a map of the orchard with a list of that days availability & price/lbs. and everything is so cheap! Great way to show and teach children where food actually comes from.
