1 After the treatment from this station, I'm swearing off Hertz for good.  Hertz now does a credit bureau check before they will rent you a car, and the rental agent looks it over and decides if he is going to rent you the car. I know that every inquiry is recorded and lowers the credit score, so I did not give permission to view my credit report. The agent was pissed off at me for not wanting him to look at my credit report. When he raised his voice at me, I called Hertz's customer service to complain and get it resolved. It seems that the policy is now company-wide, according to the customer service agent (both the policy of having station agents look over customers' credit reports AND the policy of treating customers like gutter trash -- the person on the phone was just as bad as the person at the LAS station).  (I'm not mistaking the credit check with a credit card authorization. Their new policy is to get the credit bureau report on all rentals, according to the station agent at LAS and the customer service agent at Hertz.)
3 My experience with Hertz was not as bad as Chuck K.    I am a gold club member of Hertz which means I just go right to the parking lot, look on the big board for my name to find where my car is.   The last 3 times I have been to this Hertz the big board has not been working so I get to stand in line with everyone else.   On top of that, the cars I have reserved have sometimes not been available when I showed up.   I find that frustrating.    To their credit, Hertz has always made it right by getting a better car for me.  But still, having to wait when you shouldn't have to is annoying.   Actually, I've found the staff there to be very friendly and helpful.    Will I go back?  Heck yeah I will with my discount.   I just won't count on my car being ready for me.
1 Cheap internet price and then they add lots of fees.
1 I am one of those fools that have a Hertz Gold Club card for many years and take advantage of AAA rates.  I don't mind using them because I have always enjoyed their service.  However, on this particular evening, upon my return, not a one agent was available to assist me.  Perhaps the 101-degree heat in the garage persuaded a lot of these agents to assist in the air conditioned office.  There were about seven returns and only one agent.  Terrible.  I kept my rental record jacket and filled out the express receipt and indicated that I had purchased gasoline and filled the tank.  When I received my bill today, I was charged for gas in the tune of $51.20.  Now, this only happens to me in LAS and PHX, the two places where it is so hot, that the agents are not as plentiful and you either have to suffer and wait or go about and risk getting dinged on the credit card.  I will dispute this with the company and if no satisfactory answer surfaces, they will not get my business.  Stay tuned...
3 They finally refunded me the gas charge and I will give them another try this Saturday.  Stay tuned...
2 These guys suck! They have two automated self checkin counter. So we walk up, see a long line and say.. hmm.. why don't we give the automated thing a try  After going through a process of 15 steps, it says "please contact customer service". In the meantime, the line gets longer by 4 more people.  It took us 45 mins to get to the counter. Imagine that when you are on vacation. We got the car etc. OK.   I finally asked the person at the counter about the self service machines. They said "Those don't work 90% of the time". If you know that, why don't you remove them!  +1 star for having the car I asked for.
4 LAS has a ginormous off-site car rental facility.  Shuttle buses run very often.  You never have to wait!  since "it's VEGAS, baby!," Hertz's fleet of cars at LAS is extensive and luxurious.  hummers, escalades, navigators, infinitis, and audis galore.    i booked a midsize japanese sedan and walked into the hertz facility and saw my name on the gold board.  i walked to the space and saw a brand new chevy malibu (which isn't bad....i have one right now on a long term rental).  i went to the gold desk and asked if they had any japanese sedans available and the advisor said, "no, but i can hook you up with an audi!"  lesson learned: it never hurts to ask for an upgrade!  assuming you're a gold member and are in the president's circle :)
1 My last experience with Hertz will be my last. They ran a credit report on me, and did not even give them permission to. Now it's stuck on my credit report as one that may affect my score. The man who helped me was a complete idiot and his mother was the boss. He was completely unprofessional and they had the worst customer service I've ever received. I'll cut the entire disaster short. Don't go to Hertz.
4 Decent service, organized and orderly car rental area (all the car rental agencies operate through a large hub south of the airport so you go to the same place for all of them) and the opportunity to rent a Vette for my stay in Vegas make this a great place to rent from.  I love that Hertz has performance cars available as part of its Fun Collection - you can't do much better for a rental car while in Vegas (without paying an arm and a leg for exotic car rental) than the Corvette ZHZ.  Now, I'm not a Vette guy, and the car is technically outstanding - think 450 horsepower 2 seater sports car with lots of creature comforts and traction and handling controls - but it's everything you want for tooling around town or stylin' on the strip.  Nice sound system, GPS, individual climate control, push button start, etc.  It is a HELL of a lot of fun . . . so if you want to do Vegas right . . . get thee in a 'Vette!
5 Vegas is all about bling and flash.  Even when you're traveling for business.  Who wants to roll down Las Vegas Blvd in a crappy mid-sized boring car when there are so many hot cars just sitting, waiting, practically begging to be driven in the Hertz rental car area?  Not me, I say.  Time to turn on the feminine charm.  Aka, flirt my ass off and pray for an upgrade.  Octavio, my little rental car angel was working the desk in the Gold Club pick up space this week.  A few bats of my eyelashes later, and I was cruising out of the airport in a new Mustang... at the cost of a mid-sized sedan.  Hot.  And fast.  And kind of awesome.  I heart you, Hertz... and especially you, Octavio.  *kisses!*
1 This is my ONLY one star review for my Las Vegas trip from July 5th, 2009-July 9th, 2009. I am glad some of the other yelpers had a positive experience with Hertz at the Vegas airport, but I did not! I take a shuttle from the Vegas airport late on Sunday night and none of the staff could direct me where I needed to go. It's hard when you see a customer you simply ask, "Sir, How can I help you?" or you direct them where they need to go upon seeing them. This was my first time renting a car  btw so I was a bit lost, which was to no fault of my own.  I arrive at the desk and the girl behind the desk tells me that she COULD NOT accept any of my prepaid Visa cards. I had placed all of my cash on prepaid Visa cards before the trip as I thought it was best for safety reasons. Then I found out that they required a security deposit along with a CREDIT CHECK!!!!!!!!!!  Yes they check your credit!  While talking with the girl I remember that I had a Wal-Mart debit card on me with my name on it which meant I could put money on the card at the nearest Wal-Mart, but I would have to get a Taxi to have done that. Then I thought about their credit check and thought about the fact that I have good car credit and told the girl that Sprint just approved my credit for their cell phone service last month. Then the girl dampens my hopes by saying, "But that was just SPRINT and you only got a cell phone and here your trying to rent a vette from us/hertz".  At this point I became very angry because I had called Hertz at least SIX times before the trip too make sure there would not be any snags. I DID NOT know that they would require a credit check and require a card with my name on it. Would have been nice if one of the six ladies I talked to before the trip would have told me this right?  I realize now that it was in the FINE print, but my goodness!   At this point, I asked to see the manager not to resolve the problem, but to get some form of discount coupon for all the trouble. NO I did not want a free rental for the future by any means just a discount coupon or something. Well the manager lady comes out to me and says, "Well if you would have been able to rent the vette then I could have given you a coupon" So  at that point I grab my things and get back on to the shuttle and get a shuttle to the hotel. On the 7th I had ZERO trouble renting from Vegas Luxury Rides and the difference was like night and day.  Granted, yes I should have had enough money on the one debit card that I had on me that did have my name on it, and yes I should have read all of the fine print before my trip, but after I had talked to both the Hertz reservation center several times AND the Hertz staff at the Vegas airport even before I arrived this was unacceptable. Worst part was how uncaring the manager lady was.
1 What's worse than having to wait in a long line at the rental desk?  Having to wait and then being told they are all sold out even though i had made my reservation a month in advance!  I mean what's the point in having a reservation if they have NO cars when you arrive at the time you said?       I had even called just hours before to confirm.  So my friend had to drive 30 minutes from north las vegas to pick me up at midnight.  The rental desk told me to come back tomorrow to get my car!  They were appoligetic about the situation, but seriously, the most important part of the rental is actually having a car, any car!  So if you really need to actually get a car when you arrive in Vegas, i recommend you choose a company other than Hertz!  I have actually had great experience with Enterprise, so maybe try them!
1 I would give this a 0 star if I could.  Anyhow, my fiance and I decided to head to Vegas for the weekend from SF. Decided to rent a car for our little getaway. We got in around 8pm last Fri, took about an hour to get our rental. We had to fight thru about a hundred or so upsells first. We got a standard medium size car, Chevy Cobalt or similiar. The guy there, Rod, offered us an upgrade, which we politely decline, then he mentioned not once but twice how my fiance was a big tall guy and how we needed to upgrade because the Cobalt would be too small for him. That annoyed us, because we had told him TWICE that we didn't want it. When that didn't work,  he tried to sell us their insurance, which we also declined since our credit card covered it. He kept persisting after we said no a few more times, saying Nevada laws are different and how much more we had to pay if anything were to happen to our car. I did not appreciate his scare tactics.  So FINALLY, we got our car, it was a Mazda M3. For those who have been to Vegas, they know that the airport is less than 10 miles away from the strip. While driving to our hotel, the car temp gauge went 3/4 way up to High and depending on which block you are currently on, the AC did not work. For a car to heat up like that in less than 10 miles, we knew that car was not in good shape.   We grabbed dinner first before heading back to the airport to get another "working" car. That was almost 11pm now. We're tired and annoyed. We went and talked to the same guy, Rod. When we told him all the things that were wrong with the car, he looked disbelief. "We inspect all our cars", he said. Well, apparently, they missed this one! Then he went ahead and basically accused us of purposedly trying to overheat the car. "How many more passengers were you carrying?" "How many luggages did you have"  WTF?!?! We told him it was just us and we had just 2 carry on bags with us. What I really felt like saying was "Oh yeah, we found 5 ppl off the airport and gave them a ride along with their baggage to their hotel so we can overheat the car because we really want to waste 2 hours of our vacation time to come back and see you again". What a jerk!!! and NOT ONCE did he offer any apology to us for our inconvenience. A$$hole.  I have one word for THE ABSOLUTE WORSE car rental experience ever - HERTZ.  I'll rather spend more and go to another rental company than to deal with Hertz again.
5 The only reviews thus far for Hertz seem to be bad, which leads me to believe that people remember to review a mundane thing like a rental car only if they had a bad experience.  Yet everyone on the planet is compelled to add to the 768 reviews for Tryst.   Our experience with Hertz could not have been any better. We've rented cars many times, in many cities, so I have a good basis for comparison.  This Hertz location was great.   They were sold out, but the wait was minimal.  We were upgraded two classes voluntarily and without charge.  Our car was easy to find, clean, new and nice.  Everything worked just fine.  We opted for the pre-pay fill, which means that we paid in advance for a full tank and were able to return the car without having to worry about stopping for gas.  This worked out GREAT.  We paid less per gallon with this option than anywhere we saw during our 6 day stay. The check-in process took, no lie, 4 freaking minutes.  Done.  No hidden charges, it's all right there on your receipt.  They've checked the vehicle, scanned the VIN, all is good. Unless you've been in an accident or puked in the back seat, no worries.   Additionally, many reviewers seem pissed off about a credit check.  The website clearly states that if you intend to pay with a debit or pre-paid cc, they will run a credit report.   So, check the details before you intend to rent a car, or deal with the consequences, people.  This also raises the question, at least for me, of HOW DO YOU TRAVEL WITHOUT A CREDIT CARD??  Seriously, how do you make airline and hotel reservations?  How do you spend more than you have in cash on big-ass handbags and shoes?  How do you end up as one of the "When the fun stops......call gamblers anonymous" people? How do you get taken to the cleaners at the strip clubs?  Sorry, I digress, also, I'm a bitch.  Forgive me.  Or don't.   Anyway!  Hertz McCarran ROCKS.  Do not be afraid to rent a car.  Be afraid of the drivers on the Las Vegas strip.
2 Hertz once again manages to disappoint. I've rented from them before for both personal and business and every time, I want to cry.  I get to the rental counter after a long wait where the rental agent proceeds to talk, talk, and talk some more. I just wanted my rental car. He talks me into upgrading to a Mini Convertible which I thought might be a fun experience.   Then we move onto insurance, additional drivers, and gas. As someone who has rented many, many cars for business, I know the drill and I knew what I wanted. The best part though was the gas - I told him about seven times that I would refill the tank myself knowing full well I would not be using a full tank on the trip. After a full five minutes of discussion we agreed that I would....fill the tank myself.  The convertible was actually broken and a call to Hertz at the airport did not yield a phone call back. So, we basically had an oversized sun-roof.  When I went to return the car, the woman who received the car in the garage told me that the agent should have shown us how to operate the convertible and I should speak to a manager downstairs. It was only there that I found out the agent in the next window had test drove the car and confirmed that yes indeed, it was broken.  I got my upgrade credit back but good grief - my best experiences for rental cars have been with Enterprise and Thrifty. Try them if you're flying into McCarran Intl in Vegas and need a car
3 The best service Hertz offers is the #1 Club Gold.  I hate lines and my time is the most valuable thing I have. The Hertz  #1 Club Gold cars are usually newer in the fleet and cleaner. So I am mostly satisfied with the McCarran Hertz location. BUT, two times now I have re-fueled the vehicle only to discover a "FUEL & SERVICE" charge on my receipt after I get my receipt. This last trip the computer invoice system was down so they emailed me the receipt. Now, the time I saved with Hertz  #1 Club Gold is lost because I need to call accounting on their Monday thru Friday hours to resolve the un-earned charge.  Boo! I'll keep using Hertz, but 3 strikes and I'll change to Avis or another company.
4 Had a pretty good experience with Hertz compared to how I know it could have gone! The only real complaint with the service was the wait we experienced when arriving at the counters. They had 6 folks working but it seemed like each transaction was taking FOREVER. This was 11pm though, so maybe folks were tired or customers just weren't prepared with confirmations? I don't know... half an hour or so later we were searching for our car in this large parking garage full of rentals. I would have appreciated some mention of the gps upon check in and knowing if it was going to cost us something to use it. instead of risking it, we just turned it off each time we got in the car...   One irritating thing, since we had valet at our hotel, was that our car had no popper button for the trunk in the cab or on the remote and we'd have to turn the ignition off to get our luggage out, but I'm sure it's just a safety feature so anyone breaking into the car can't get into the trunk so easily.  There are a couple gas stations really close to the rental facility, so we filled up on our way back and had the smoothest and quickest return experience I think I've ever had. A woman met us at the car, denoting mileage and checking the car over and that was it!   Overall, had a fine experience with Hertz using our Entertainment Book discount =)
3 I agree with most of the other reviewers here...customer service is kind of hit and miss.  On the positive side, we rented through Priceline and ended up with Hertz. Price ended up being good at the time we booked and great at the time we left. Car was a mid-size, was fine, and we enjoyed having Sirius radio in the car...a station devoted to Elvis riding around in Vegas...very nice. :)  On the negative side...yes, the agent can be a bit pushy about things such as the gas purchase but overall was efficient. On the return, I was misdirected to a luggage cart area as the agent was more concerned with getting her paper work done than customer service to someone who was no longer a customer. Not a huge deal.  Overall this rental was fine but last year we used Thrifty and I do think they had better customer service skills.
2 Customer service... Bleh.  There is one woman in glasses who will guilt trip you into purchasing the insurance/gas (even if you really don't need it).  She reminds me of my evil, dreaded 3rd grade elementary school teacher who used to just yell at us & put us in detention just for kicks.   Anyway, last time I rented, the self check in machine wasn't allowing me to confirm my rental, so I had to wait in line (what a waste of time!).  One customer cut right in front of me to ask a question regarding his rental contract... And the next available associate actually assisted him instead of asking him to wait in line with the rest of us.  When I finally got to the counter, the lady didn't want to give me the rate that the self check in machine offered, and said that the "computer gives a rate that is $1 more than the machine."  ...?!  I used to work for Enterprise, so I know all the dirty secrets and bluffs that can be pulled in the car rental industry.  Hah... I got really irritated when she actually made a loud, obnoxious YAWN as she was pulling up whatever she was doing on the computer.  :/  Needless to say, I have to rent through Hertz because I can always rely on them to waive the underage fee (through promotional codes during the online reservation process).  I also joined the Hertz Gold club (for free) so I will be making use of it. On the bright side, returning is the simplest thing I've ever encountered, so I am able to get into the airport shuttle to my flight in no time.
5 I was throughly impressed with Hertz! They were also very very helpful on the phone! They were fast and efficient and I was impressed with the layouts of their cars. They also did not charge me for wanting to drop the car off in Reno,which had been an extra 150.00 at another rental place,and they also waived the under age renter's fee.   I walked to my spot and noticed that it was empty. Talked to a lady at the front desk who was nice and she fixed it in about 2 seconds. Walked to my new car and saw a Jetta! I was taken aback! I was only supposed to be getting a Toyota corolla and they upgraded me to a Jetta. Not exactly sure if it was an upgrade but it felt like one.    The car was nice,ran beautifully,and was great on gas. I would highly suggest Hertz to anyone that is travelling and wants the best prices and the nicest cars that I have ever seen at any rental place.
1 I am a Hertz Gold member and the service that I received on my recent trip to Vegas was terrible.
1 We rented a car from Hertz for our last day in Las Vegas through AAA. The price was ok and the pick up was in the hotel right next door to us (Paris), and we could drop it off right at the airport. There were 2 issues that I had. First of all, I was talked into "filling up the tank there because the prices were cheaper." The agent specifically said that going to the West Rim of the Grand Canyon would "use almost a full tank of gas." So of course I opted to pay for a full tank of gas at the counter, so I wouldn't have to fill it up later. Now, these agents are VERY familiar with the area. It took only a HALF TANK of gas to get there and back! Was totally scammed into purchasing this gas. Could have filled it up for 20 bucks, instead I paid them $44. Then, I opted to pay cash when I dropped it off, rather than use my credit card. Of course there was a line at the Hertz counter at the airport (McCarran) with only 2 agents. All I wanted to do was pay, but I had to wait in the same line as people who were about to rent, which can take a while. When I finally got to the counter, THEY HAD NO CHANGE for the cash I paid!! Of course I had a plane to catch, so they got even more money out of me. Next time I will choose another company
1 Hertz is still giving me compact cars for their "mid-size class" rentals. Examples: Corolla, Prius, Matrix. I just want a car that is safer. Nothing more. This week I was on my way to return my compact Corolla and I got hit in the drivers door pretty hard by a Ford F150 Pickup. I got a nice shower of glass and the drivers side door was crushed. Hertz, you need to change your policy. On my next visit, I'll rent full-size class just to make sure I get a real mid-size car.   I still Like the Hertz #1 Club Gold because it saves me time. But I am seriously considering switching rental companies after this accident.  p.s. I know that driving a large car does not equal a safer car. I do know where to go to find out. http://www.iihs.org/ratings. The rating that separates most cars is the rear crash protection/head restraint rating.
2 After the Thrifty incident (http://www.yelp.com/biz/thrifty-car-rental-enterprise#hrid:0lRLXB6ZaJma59O8Dfyp_Q/src:self ), we went to the Hertz counter.  My friend's corporate code worked and we didn't have to pay the under 25 fee.    Yet, somehow despite our research on insurance--by calling both our insurance companies and our credit card companies-we were talked into getting insurance.  At least I learned one thing: if I had AAA, I wouldn't have had to pay the additional driver fee.  You get a 2 for being pushy and for not having many car options.  Out of economy?  Blahhhhh.
1 Made my online reservation with Hertz as part of my airline discount package in order to rent a car for the weekend of Electric Daisy Carnival 2011. Everything within an hour Vegas was BOOKED solid, and I mean solid. I was able to find one of the lodges 2 hours out of town that had space, so I was set.   ***Here is the important part of the entire review: I got a discount because it was PREPAID.  I got off of work, made it to the airport on time, checked in early, everything a-ok, even had my print out of my reservation and info to pick up my car rental at 10pm on Friday. I go to the ticket counter, and the staff is taking their time. Fine, I can still make it to the lodge on time and check in. This is also important, because the front desk is not open 24 hours. After midnight your screwed. The receptionist was willing to wait up til 1am for me to check in, though. But no later, as this place is so small no one else is at the desk until 5am. With only a few people in line in front of me, I should be ok.  Nope. Staff is so incompetent and computer system is so archaic that 30 minutes passes before the NEXT person is served. The manager tries to get people to use the Hertz electronic kiosk, as she can tell we are all frustrated with how SLOW the service is. I'm a savvy travel and think this should not be a problem and take the kiosk route with a few others. But the couple in front of me have issues with their reservation, and flag down the manager to help them (she is VERY pregnant and can't deal with the stress of 10 minutes of nothing working).  My turn at the kiosk. I try several different methods to get my reservation. Scan my print out. Type in my reservation number. Put in my credit card info again. 15 minutes of attempts, and nothing. By now I would've been in the front of the line. Finally the kiosk recognizes me, and tells me to SEE AN ATTENDANT about my issue. I get back in line and wait another 10 minutes before anyone can help me (thank God they didn't put me in the BACK of the line again).   At this point I WASTE another 10 minutes as the reservations agent at the terminal can't get my reservation to go through, despite the print out and online info on my phone. THEY ARE SURE WILLING TO TAKE YOUR MONEY, BUT NOT GIVE YOU THE CAR. They cannot take the credit card I provided. YET THEY WERE ABLE TO TAKE THE MONEY.  When I showed them that I had been charged already (yes, I brought out my bank transactions, this has happened before and this usually works) they STILL WOULD NOT RENT ME THE CAR I HAD ALREADY PAID FOR.   Now the manager gets involved, as she can sense my frustration with the staff to a perfectly simple and logical transaction. And what can she do about it? Nothing. Not willing to get on the phone and talk to Hertz, or to over ride. Is this for REAL? A rental service that operates 24 hours a day and you can't get anyone on the phone to fix this issue? And she wasn't going to try? EVEN THOUGH THE RESERVATION FOR THE RENTAL WAS PREPAID AND YOU TOOK MY MONEY?!  By now in my anger I had missed the call that the receptionist at the lodge was checking in with me. Whatever TIME I had buffered to make it to the extended deadline to check in at the lodge was now SLIPPING AWAY. Knowing that my frustration was mounting, I walked away and waited in line at another car rental agency and got a car.   That's right. Walked up, waited in line 5 minutes, talked to an agent from a competitor and got them to MATCH MY CAR TYPE AND DISCOUNT with HERTZ and get the paperwork car within 10 minutes TOTAL. I went back to the HERTZ desk and asked to make sure I was getting a REFUND FOR A CAR RENTAL THAT WAS PREPAID THAT I WAS  *NOT* GETTING.   Guess what the manager said?  No.  At this point I cussed out the agent that initially helped me and the manager because they know NOTHING about customer service. You can't release the cat to the same credit card you were MORE THAN WILLING TO TAKE PREPAID MONEY FROM, and WON'T REFUND THE MONEY when you can't give me the car. No print out that says I was NOT given my car when I call Hertz billing come Monday.   By now it's 11:30pm Friday night when I drive off in a non-HERTZ car, and I have to fly like a bat out of hell to make the deadline at the lodge. I would have to deal with Hertz later, as I had wasted enough time with them.  I've rambled enough, but in short guess who SLEPT IN THE CAR in the parking lot of the lodge? Surely it wasn't a HERTZ car that I slept in, no sir-ree -bob!   In summary, even with all the paperwork, print outs, online info and correct identification info on my person, HERTZ would not rent me my prepaid car, nor would they refund it. Due to the length of incompetent  time and poor service I received at Hertz, I did not make my reservation on time at my lodging.   AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.  p.s. Guess who is on hold with Hertz billing as I write this?
2 The car was fine (a nice Toyota, very comfortable and with plenty of zip for the freeways), the service was fine (HATE the upsell thing, can no rental company resist it? the insurance they want to sell you is absurdly priced), and when you've said that, mostly you've said everything about a rental car. company.   But if you need GPS...they supply it, but OMG, the thing was incredibly clunky - get this, you have to use this push-button - no touch screen! no actual key-pad! - system that makes you push the buttons multiple times to get to one letter, and God help you if you make a mistake. In the big picture of life, meh, but when you're trying to navigate to get to meetings on time as we were, it was a huge pain in the patootie. Had to re-start the whole cumbersome thing multiple times when I made a mistake because it's so counter-intuitive. I will say that once you do get your info correctly punched in, the system did do a decent job of guiding us - no wierd routes or non-existent roads.  So, I'd have given them 3 stars if it weren't for the GPS system, but because I use the rental companies' GPS systems when I travel for business, I will not be choosing Hertz again until they get some sense and bring in a Garmin or a Tom Tom or some other modern GPS.
1 This is the incident that has officially moved my business to National.  I am also a Hertz Gold elite member.  Booked premium, and they had me in a Grand Marquis.  hell no.  went back to the booth in the garage to the woman that hated life and was told me only other option was a Crown Vic.  hell no... it's the same friggin car.    I left there and went back INSIDE to the big counter.  The drone, there, told me that's all they had available for premium (altho Buick lacrosse is the Premium Poster Child for this class with Hertz).  Really?  Two cars that have been discontinued is all you have in PREMIUM class?  I ended up going with an Altima, which was as stripped down as you could possible get.  The agent had the audacity to tell me that my rate would stay the same.  REALLY?!?!  I'm taking a car from at LEAST one car class lower, and you're going to charge me the same price???  I would have walked right then and gone to National, had I not had two free rental certificates that expired in a few weeks, plus a $50 certificate.  The garage was full, too.  All kinds of other cars they could have given me that were one car class above Premium, instead of downgrading me... ridiculous.  This was the last straw in my attempt to give Hertz my business.
5 Huge shout out to Hertz today!  My family and I returned a car this afternoon.  As we pulled our heavy, over-stuffed bags out of the trunk and prepared to catch a shuttle to the airport we were pleasantly surprised by a Hertz Employee who offered to drive us to the terminal.  He explained that it is a service the company provides to the elderly, people with young children and sometimes families, like mine, just because.  I really dislike lugging bags up bus steps and the car service to the terminal really made my day!
5 Every time I arrive at McCarren, I've got a text from Hertz #1 Club Gold telling me what car I'm getting and which stall it's in.  I take the shuttle, walk out to the garage, do a quick inspection, hop in, drive to the exit, sign the contract, and I'm off!  My vehicle has always been clean and in good condition, and last time I was there I got a free upgrade from a full-size (Malibu) to a brand new Chevy Equinox.  Nice! And I've never had an issue with extra charges being tacked on.  The rates have always been pretty competitive, too, although my upcoming rental for August is a bit pricey.  Still, when I breeze through the rental car center on arrival and see people waiting in long lines at counters elsewhere...the premium seems like a very small price to pay for the added convenience and quality.  Unfortunately, my experience with Hertz in Houston was not nearly as positive (stinky, beat-up car, erroneous fuel charge) but since this is a review for the LV Airport Hertz, I'm giving it a flawless rating.
2 Disappointed in my most recent Hertz rental.  Reserved a full size car, but ended up with a Chevrolet Captiva.  The car was OK, but the keys didn't include a key-fob remote.....or any remote for that matter.  Not the worst deal in the world, but I'll rethink renting there again.
1 Now that I have had time to calm down, I want to write to you about yet ANOTHER bad experience that I have had at the Hertz location in Las Vegas.  I had written to Hertz about my experience here last fall and received a letter acknowledging that Hertz had some problems at this location and was working hard to improve this location. Yeah, right.  Yelp currently rates this Hertz location as 2 stars which is about 1 star higher than they deserve.  I arrived there at the Hertz location on 9/29 to pick up my FULL size car.  In the garage there were two employees, a male and a female.  I asked if I needed to have my coupon applied in advance or if I could do it on return.  They gave conflicting answers and then proceeded to get into a discussion.  I decided to go inside to have it applied now.  The lady proceeded to redo my entire reservation asking me to produce my license, AAA card and Hertz gold club card (All this info they already have on file).  I had to tell her how to input my coupon.  She then offers me a Toyota Camry or a Chevy Impala.  I take the Impala but she later tells me it needs repair and she only has the Camry available.  Nobody considers a Camry to be FULL size except for the car rental industry.  Camry has a very small 14 cubic foot trunk and this one had a four cylinder engine!!!  I ask her to give me the 6 cylinder Nissan Maxima that they previously assigned to me but she starts arguing with me and tells me the Camry is equivalent and that she can't assign me that car because it is not available in the system because it is still assigned to me.  Huh???? .  National offers to let you reserve a mid size car but choose any car in the aisle (including full size and above) but Hertz can't even find an adequate full size car when you rent full size?  What good is gold choice if the employees don't know how to reassign cars?  I had 4 people in the car plus luggage.  I couldn't rent an SUV because my wife is disabled.  The car was underpowered with 4 people and luggage onboard.  Also, the trunk was so small we had to put luggage inside the vehicle resulting in a dangerous situation.  My adult son dislocated his knee which made the vehicle even more problematic and unsuitable.  I am tired of this nonsense.  Next time I go to Las Vegas I might try one of the their competitors.
4 We rented a car through Priceline and ended up with a car from Hertz. The woman who checked us out was friendly and helpful. She gave us an upgrade for free to a Toyota Corolla. The checkout process was easy. One concern was the numerous scratches and scrapes on the car, but we were told that they don't worry about that. I hope that was true and that mysterious charges do not appear on my credit card for scratches that we did not cause. The maintenance of the car could have been better--the brake pads were in desperate need of replacement. We basically drove around for 2 days with a metal on metal screeching.   The last concern is their policy regarding damage from accidents. We were told that if you don't get their insurance, they do not deal with credit card insurance or other insurance companies. I did not pursue what this meant, but I guess they bill you directly and then you have to get your money from your insurance in case of an accident. It seems to me like a draconian and customer unfriendly policy. Luckily, we did not have any incidents that caused damage.
1 I originally choose Priceline.com in advance to choose the vehicle type and amount of days rented, Priceline.com did a great job saving me money on this SUV rental at $230.45 for five days in Las Vegas, I just wished they had the option of choosing a SUV with Navigation (I know what you're thinking; I should have brought my own. I know.) First off I'm going to say that I'm rating the customer service and not the price of the SUV rental because it was purchased through Priceline.com. On November 26, 2012 at 10:12 AM I was waiting in line to be assisted to get my SUV rental, I came through the line with my father (originally used credit card through priceline.com) and myself, I was greeted by "How can I help you?" I explained to Mariela (I believe short-cut Brunette hispanic lady), that I reserved my SUV rental through Priceline.com and that my father charged his credit card and I'm the driver, she mentioned to me that can't be done (even though my father credit card later was charged for initial amount of $230.45), she said that I need your credit card information because it has to be the drivers credit card that matches with the driver. At first I was upset, but I didn't showed it too her, maybe because her SOP was correct, but really come on my father is standing right next to me and we're being cooperative with you, but sure policy is policy I guess, moving on. So I gave her my debit card and told her fine put it on my card and I mentioned to her give me a SUV with a navigation system. She's looking at me like I just killed her newborn baby and is typing very hard, probably for a good five minutes, I guess she thinks that I'm upset. Anyways everything got done. She gave me my receipt and I'm telling my father and mother to go up the second level to get to our SUV rental. So I went to our #206 originally (you will see why later) and it's a KIA Sportage the SUV very clean put both mine and parents luggage in the trunk and when I opened the car door I noticed NO NAVIGATION!! That pissed me off, umm lady didn't I tell you for a SUV with Navigation. I immediately went back downstairs to Mariela, and I waited until the next customers were done. After waiting there 10 minuted it was my turned to be helped out so the Hertz male representative said if I needed help, I told him I was waiting for her (Mariela). When those customers were done, I told her that my SUV doesn't have navigation and I requested for it. She said you're order on Priceline.com doesn't state that you requested for it (she said it really bitchy to me), again I'm going to be the bigger person here even though English is your second language or if Mariela isn't a people person. I quickly reply ok (because at this point Yelpers how is it going to help me when she's already in a bitchy mood), but I know I clearly asked for a SUV with a Navigation system. She looked up on the computer and said that it would an upgrade charge of $84.07, I said ok sure. I've been in the customer service industry over ten years, and her attitude wouldn't fly to clients that I've helped. I would receive low Gallop scores get written up and eventually terminated if I acted the way Mariela acted. For God sakes many US citizens are unemployed and trying to find jobs, and she can't even do hers right, be thankful you have a job and do it right. I hope Hertz Corporation reads this. Let's go back to the customer service fundamentals for providing stellar experience. To sum it up I would say this; Hertz Company needs to hire people who are more friendly, more people person orientated, an employee that can make good sound judgement when involves policy, and who can effectively listen to customers request.
1 In fairness, I ended up at this god forsaked car rental counter by pricelines deal being cheaper with car and flight than just flight.  So I came for something with wheels.  The ride from airport to this dessert outpost is about fifteen minutes and you would never realise across the street is that far away until you're on a bus.  So, I end up at the counter.  There really should be dentist chairs here, because its like you know its not going well when they start picking at you.  So I have economy car, and the guy would rather die then just hand my the keys without a ten dollar a day upgrade. Chevy Aveo is what I got ($15.50/day), and it was $11 more for a cruze, $10 for gps, $9.29/gal if car is not filled up.  It was twenty minutes to rent a car that should take five to ten minutes.  Bad service, but my little boxy car was clean and unscathed.  I would never this location again!!  Unless I'm stuck by priceline.
2 First, thank you Hertz for inviting me to post a review my sending me the link to do so. I think it cool that a company wants to hear from customers in a public forum like this.   I have been a long time Hertz 5 star gold member and am most always pleased with my entire rental experience.  However om the last two rentals, Hertz has charged for options I didn't order and on the car I just rented from Las Vegas Hertz they actually changed the rate from my original reservation.  Both times they charged for satellite radio. I have never ordered that option. I found out that on their online reservation page the extras for satellite radio and nav are PRESELECTED for you.  I don't even look at the extras page because I don't order any. How misleading is this - giving you a page to select your own extras but in reality, they've already picked two for you and you don't even know it?  In my Las Vegas rental I reserved a car with a rate of $32 per day. When I turned in the car and received my receipt via email the base rate was changed to $52 per day. I have the original confirmation at $32 per day.  So on this 2 day rental that's an extra $50 OVER CHARGE plus all the taxes and fees they add on.  My first lesson learned was to watch out for ALL the reservation options which didn't pay off and my second it to watch your final receipt closely.  I have written to Hertz this morning and I hope I hear back from them quickly on this.
5 The Ride BAck service for Gold Club members is fantastic. Hugo checked ny car in, and drove me and myluggage back to the terminal.  fantastic feature that saves riding on airport buses and lugging luggage along the way. Great idea.
2 I am a Hertz Gold Circle member and rent from them 50+ times a year.  I own a 2nd property in Las Vegas so I grab a car when I am in town to get back and forth to home.  It is a hit or miss with this location.  The staff is friendly and most of the cars are in pretty good shape.  About 50% of the time I end up with a clunker, 25k+ miles, dents, scratches, pulsating brakes, etc.  The car I turned in on Saturday (oddly enough Hertz reached out to me and asked I review the rental) was one of those clunkers.  25K miles in Vegas is tough, lots of stop and go on the strip and parking garages where dings and dents occur.  This location is quick to point out any blemishes on the returned car so be sure to document the condition before leaving the gate.  I filed a complaint with Hertz (on line) about a year ago (1st time ever)about such a car and never heard back from the Vegas location, their 702 # rings and rings and rings but no one ever picks up.  In summary this location is below the typical Hertz standard I am accustomed to but in a whole probably about the same as any other rental agency on site at McCarron.
3 Since posting this, HERTZ called very quickly and they corrected the errors, apologized and fixed the mess to my satisfaction.  Thanks to HERTZ for the quick response and action.    I changed rating to 3 (ok) beacsue they did fix.
1 My wife and I flew out to Vegas for the 3-Day President's Day weekend and my 50th birthday. I reserved the car on-line at Hertz a few days earlier: A Mercedes C-Class from the prestige collection. I selected the Reserve This Exact Model option so that we would get a Mercedes.  I also signed up for the Hertz Gold membership so that our car would be ready for us and we would be able to skip the usually long counter lines at the McCarran Airport.   None of these things happened.  Our reservation was for 3:00.  At 2:48 I received an email confirmation that my car was ready for me and even given a stall # to find the car and license plate # to identify the car and even the color-white.  When we got to the stall there was a car, but not the car I had reserved and received confirmation for.  So, I explain my situation to a couple of workers that were walking by and they tell me that there was a Mercedes there earlier but somebody else got it.  Somebody else got it?  It was in a stall reserved for me, right? Ok, over to the office to STAND IN LINE anyway.  The counter worker tells me there are no Mercedes available.  I say I reserved one specifically (Choose Exact Model), one was supposedly waiting for me, and I had received an email telling me this. He tells me he has a better car for me:  A Cadillac.  We go out to see the Cad and I see a Mercedes, a white one, and I ask for it.  He tells me it's held for someone.  I say Yah, me.  He says he can't do it.  I ask why not.  He says it's on hold for someone else. I ask why the car I had on hold went to someone else and he could not explain it. We look at the Cad and he tells me there are two to choose from and I would like it better than the Mercedes anyway.  Is that why there were 2 Cadillacs and 0 Mercedes available? Anyway, I agreed to take the Cadillac but was left wondering what is so great about Hertz and their Gold Club?  I had to wait in line, I did not get the car I reserved and was PROMISED. Time to start shopping around for a new rental car company.
5 I absolutely love to use Hertz for my car rental needs. They are efficient (love the new Hertz Gold) and so easy to work with. It is so simple to rent and return and the people are always friendly at any of the locations that I have been to. I highly recommend this company for the road warrior like myself or for vacation rentals.
4 I reserved a Chevy Cruze (Model Reservable) and was greeted by a 'carfirmation' text (best thing Hertz ever did) that my car was in such and such a stall number, white, and waiting for me and my road trip. Being Gold has it's perks!  I was also sent a link to choose a different car, since Intermediate and up gets 'gold choice', and it was switching between the same 3 cars, 2 malibus and a mazda 6. I didn't make the option to choose before I got there, knowing the Cruze was what I wanted. I went to my stall, found my 2012 Cruze, with 38,000 miles on it. Nope. Not happening. I walked one lane over to the "Gold Choice" area, and saw the 2 malibus, and the Mazda6. Nope. Both had high mileage, and then noticed a couple Elantras, and a Corolla. Checked out the Red Elantra, new body, but 18,000 miles (!) and then the Blue 2013 Elantra. 686 miles. Didn't even look at the Corolla. Took the new car.   Drove to the exit gate, the guy scanned the car, asked if we wanted to buy the gas option, NOPE, and then asked for the mileage on the car.   "Six Hundred Eighty Six"  "Huh?"  "Six hundred eighty six"  "86?"  "No, SIX EIGHT SIX"   "oh, ok."   What does the contract say? 86. So my 600 mile trip is logged at 1600. Nice.   I left a star off because it's common for ultra high mileage cars in Las Vegas, and I'm paying a premium to rent there. Don't always give me the beater when there are lower mileage cars to rent. Give the beater to the shady character, not your once a month or more renter...
1 My husband left his cell phone in a rental car returned to Hertz on Dec 30th. We filed on the phone system that the phone was lost...    1/4 I received a notice Jan 4th that my cell phone had been found. Matched Item Number: ITEM000111391. So excited!   1/4 clicked the "mail me the item" button and paid for postage to ship the cell. So excited!    1/8 received an email that my phone had been found matched item number 110147  1/10 called to see if the item would be mailed soon. Concerned, just checking    1/13 Called again to see if the item would be mailed soon, told that they just need to issue a shipping label and it would be mailed. Annoyed   1/14 Called again to see if the item would be mailed soon, told that they just need to issue a shipping label and it would be mailed. Annoyed   1/15 Called to see if the item would be mailed soon, told that they just need to issue a shipping label and it would be mailed. More Annoyed   1/15 issued a shipping label   1/15 checked tracking number 1z96y1751298140961, not mailed as of yet. Hopeful   1/16  checked tracking number 1z96y1751298140961, not mailed as of yet. Sad   1/16  checked tracking number 1z96y1751298140961, not mailed as of yet. Frustrated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    1/17 checked tracking number 1z96y1751298140961, not mailed as of yet. Called customer service at Hertz. Given this email address.   Days later received a call from customer care and they told me that Hertz never did have the phone (odd considering the number of emails I received stating that they DID have my phone). I am sure someone just dropped the ball and was sick of dealing with me. It is much easier to say, oh sorry, we never had your phone, that to admit they lost my phone.      If the company was just going to essentially steal my cell phone, it would have been best to not inform me that it had been found. Now i am out a Iphone and beyond annoyed. And Hertz is out a customer.
3 We arrived for a few days of vacation and rented via Priceline.com. The car we were upgraded to was a small Mazda 3. Was easy on the gas, peppy little car but definetly no speed racer motor. Was a bit tight for me as I am 6ft but made it work none the less. This was an upgrade which was ok for us in the end. Only thing is it seems to be a bit loose overall, seems like the steering wheel is going to come off or the wheels are going to slide out from under the driver. Would possibly rent again but not this model. Had quick service as we were doine in about 15 minutes probably took us longer to find the car than pick-up the car.
2 I'm new to Hertz after a change in our corporate contracts.  This was my third Hertz rental in a week having had cars from San Diego and Salt Lake City which were both great experiences.  For a petrolhead like me Hertz is a massive improvement over Avis with a much better selection of cars.    However my experience in LV wasn't as great as the other locations. First off my car wasn't ready when I arrived, I had received notification via SMS of my car (a Chevy Impala, the horror) and the location which is a great touch.  My plane was delayed by about half an hour but as I'd entered my flight number the Hertz website claimed that this would mean they could track any delays and make appropriate adjustments.  As I was waiting for the Hertz shuttle I got another SMS that said because I hadn't picked up my car I'd now have to go see the staff at the #1 Club Gold counter to get my car.  No big deal but a little disappointing.  So I reached the rental car centre and mosied on up to the counter.  There was a reasonable line and after about 10 minutes wait it was my turn.  The lady at the counter was very friendly and after some back and forth (no, I didn't want a SUV and definitely no minivans) I was given a Volkswagen Passat.  I trundled over to space 44 to find a Chrysler Town & Country masquerading as a Volkswagen.  I trundled back with my luggage in tow, waited another 5 minutes to see the agent who then directed me to the Gold Choice line where I could simply pick out what I wanted.  Problem is that the Gold Choice line only had, you guessed it: Minivans.  Lots and lots of Minivans.  Once again I found myself trundling back to the counter and after some more back and forth we agreed on an Infiniti G37 (a very reasonable $30 a day upgrade) and I found my bright red sports sedan waiting for me.  I loaded up the bags and zoomed off to the check out gate.  Upon check out I noticed that the car only had 1/4 tank of fuel and as I was already quite late and had an event to attend downtown I did not have the time for someone from Hertz to accompany me to the gas station.  As I had plenty of fuel to do get to the hotel I was just fine with taking the car with less gas but the gate checkout agent was quite insistent.  After some protracted exchange of views I was allowed to depart, some 45 minutes after arriving with my car with an assurance that the lack of gas would have been documented on my rental agreement.  Upon return I gassed up the car to a little over 1/4 tank full and returned.  The man that checked me in said there was no record of my gas discrepancy and tried to charge me for the gas.  I protested but because of a further glitch was directed back to my good friends at the Gold Service counter.  It seems that my late arrival in taking the car had caused my rental to have been voided and another half an hour elapsed with much clicking of keys required and two separate phone calls before she could wrestle the computer into submission and it reluctantly spat out a receipt and once again I was on my way.  So overall not the greatest experience but the staff at Hertz were without question friendly, apologetic and knowledgeable.  I'm chalking this one up to a bad day and some poor technology choices on corporate's behalf and even this experience is better than most of the Avis rentals I've had.
3 Haven't rented a car in a while -- not a frequent renter. Arrived at the Hertz counter with a reservation for a one-week rental of a full-size car. I ended up with an almost new Altima. No issues with the car, it was clean and ran fine. The return process was very fast and smooth, even though I was there at 4am to catch a 6am flight. My only criticism is that, during the rental process, they kept trying to up-sell me into a premium car, saying things like "Would you prefer a Mercedes?" and when I asked if it cost more, they'd say something like "$17." I then asked whether that was for the week, and they'd say "No, per day." I told them to stick within the pricing of my reservation and yet they kept trying to rent me a more expensive car. I like buying, not being sold to. Other than that, they were friendly, courteous and helpful.
2 Bad Service at the desk.
3 I'm a president's club member.  I am also an Avis president's club member.  I would say at McCarran, Avis was better.  Last time I came into town, I had from Avis a Lincoln Mkz which I likded better.  Also the car was parked at Avis a lot closer to the escalator.  At Hertz, we were given an upgrade to a white Buick Lacrosse (same as the Shaq commercial) which was a pleasant vehicle.  There weren't any cars to choose from, that were of similar quality, at the Gold Choice section so we stayed with the Buick.  The car was not washed very well.  There were dark spots and dirt patches all over the car.  Not dirty, but just not a great job.  This was particularly obvious because the car was parked next to the prestige collection and even more expensive cars (Porsche's, Cadillac) which looked like they had been detailed.  I asked the attendant at the exit to make a note.  All he did was write a note on my rental contract so my feedback went nowhere.  Otherwise everything went smoothly.  The car was there waiting and was returned/checked back in easily.  The McCarran facility is not bad.  There are a lot of shuttles to and from the airport and it takes about 7 minutes each way (per the electronic announcement).  The rental car taxes are pretty high.  If you have the time and can rent from an off-airport company, you will save a lot of money (but usually off-brand as well - Enterprise?).  Tip for gas:  don't pay for the full tank if you aren't leaving the greater LV area (LV, Summerlin, Henderson, etc.).  You won't use up a tank unless you are there over a week and drive around a lot.  When driving back to the McCarran rental center, pass by the street that you are directed to and go to the next light and turn left.  There is a Chevron on the corner there with competitively priced gas.  Then you turn right out of the Chevron and left at the next light back to the rental center.
5 I was so pleased with the service. I had a problem where the keys along with my luggage were locked in the trunk. The staff was very empathetic and they worked together to get the keys and my luggage out. The car was first towed to a Mercedes dealership, but their service department was pretty useless and said it couldn't be done. The car was then towed to the hertz office at the Las Vegas airport and their mechanic worked tricks and got the keys out. This over and beyond service will make me a Hertz renter for the rest of my life. I've already recommended my friend, who is renting a car in Reno, to rent from Hertz.
1 I made my reservations online using the AAA website directly.  I prepaid for my rental directly through the website.  When I arrived at the Hertz counter, I was quickly serviced.  The woman who helped me seemed a little annoyed that I declined all the optional insurance services.  It gave me the feeling that she gets commission for the additional services she is able to upsell.   The employee asked if I wanted to add an additional driver.  I told her I did and confirmed that as a AAA member the additional driver would not result in any additional charges.  The employee confirmed that information.  She then checked and verified the additional drivers AAA information.    When it came time to return the vehicle, I looked through all the paperwork provided to me, the vehicle, and key chain for an address of the Hertz dealer I should return it to.  Because I rented in Las Vegas, there was a ton of locations and I couldn't remember the address for the airport location.  Kind of frustrating the information was not provided to me in any of the paperwork they gave me. The real frustration began when I went to turn the vehicle in at the conclusion of my trip.  I had a receipt in my hand that said the remaining balance would be $34, but I was told my final charge would be around $74.  The employee that checked me in couldn't have been less interested in my problem or helping me to resolve the issue.  She told me I had to go into the office to speak to an employee and that she wasn't able to do anything.  The tone and overall attitude she displayed was completely unprofessional and not representative of an employee in a customer service position.  Once I made my way inside the office to speak with an employee, I explained the problem to him and presented him with my paperwork.  He reviewed my paperwork and account online for approximately 5 minutes.  He then told me the $40 extra charge was because of the additional driver that was added.  I attempted to explain to him that I was told as a AAA member the additional driver didn't cost extra.  He said that was correct, but it was my fault for paying up front and making the reservation through Travelocity.  I again tried to explain to him that I made the reservation directly through the AAA website and not Travelocity.  He continued to argue with me and tell me the problem was my fault and due to the process which I made my reservation.  Finally, after I had to again explain the process which I made my reservations and becoming upset, he offered to consult with his manager.  He was in the backroom for about 10 minutes at which time he returned.  He went directly to his computer without saying a word to me for about 3 minutes.  After that time, he told me there was a problem with the way the initial employee setup my reservation and he was taking care of the charge after speaking to the manager.     Not one apology from him regarding his previous statements claiming it was my fault for the error, no apology for the error on their part, and no apology from anyone for delaying my travel for 15 minutes.  The manager never came out to apologize to me or to help the employee deal with this issue.  In my opinion this was a huge customer service failure from start to finish.  A very disappointing first experience with your company.
2 Picked up a car was fine but I reserved a car to return at different station. All information I received was wrong, I called call center and they gave me wrong info. The number they gave me was useless because takes forever to get LIVE person.
5 When there isn't a large price disparity, or if time is of the essence after landing, Hertz is a great way to go (particularly if you're a Gold member).. Las Vegas is luckily an inexpensive destination for renting a car. I'm a Hertz Gold member, which means as soon as I'm off the rental shuttle, there is nothing standing between myself and the vehicle. It's just a quick check at the gate as I'm driving away.
1 OK. So my husband and I had to make a quick trip to Vegas because we're moving from california to Henderson, NV. We came to pick up the rental and the woman who helped us seemed dissatisfied that we didn't want to upgrade. She spent a solid 8min trying to talk us into an upgrade. After declining, we were given a kia soul. Now, inside the garage area its kinda dark so its hard to see things. Fortunately we stopped at a nearby IHOP for breakfast and realized the driver front tire was severely bald (bald enough that it probably would have blown with the Vegas heat that weekend on the freeway). So we returned it and got another vehicle thats coolant light wouldn't turn off. I'm pregnant so vehicle safety is number one priority...I can't say I felt at all safe in either of the cars and I didn't even get a sorry for the troubles. On top of that we spent an additional $120 (give or take) on the rental after I had already pre-paid for it. When I asked about why it was so much on top of the money I already spent, the woman was kind enough to have an attitude about it and told us to make reservations on the Hertz sight and not to use a third party reservation sight...I get discounts from work and to absolutely honest, someone can kiss my rear to tell me not to use it. I just wish I had two more hands to give 4 thumbs down. I won't be renting from hertz again.
1 The Suburban we rented started hesitating badly and making noises, so we called the service number... they said to return it to the airport location and another suburban would be waiting for us and that we did not need to refuel the vehicle.  When we got to the airport, Ken Lane said he was the manager and that we would be charged $9.99 per gallon and that he would check with customer service.  30 seconds later, he said "we would be charged $9.99 per gallon."  So, we went it get gas, even though we risked the vehicle stalling at an intersection and we called customer service and found the same rep (Freddie, who was great)... he said to tell the manager that , we were not to be charged.  So, we went back and talked to Jeff Robertson who said he was the manager... he would not check with anyone... does he realize that it's all one Hertz? He needs to honor commitments.  He was a total jerk and kept saying that Hertz doesn't do that.  Jeff's boss needs to make him understand that their's is a service business with plenty of competition and if this the their philosophy, then find another car rental company!  On a further note, after we got the replacement  suburban into the sunlight, we found that it had damage to almost every body panel... we called customer service, to report them, but based on our experience with Jeff, we had to make another trip to the airport to get someone to sign off that the damage was there when we picked up the Suburban... I'm still waiting for an email saying we damaged the second Suburban.
4 I was expecting a big hassle like all the other times I've rented a car (all from Enterprise) but it was so easy! The shuttle is easy to locate at the airport and it takes you directly to Hertz. The line was pretty long and it did take a while to finally talk to someone at the desk but I figured its because its Vegas baby. The lady who helped us was so nice! Her name was Richelle I believe and she's by far the nicest person I've dealt with when renting a car. Once we got our car's id number we were off to a huge garage filled with their cars. I felt like a special agent about to embark on a world-saving mission. It was cool. We got a cute little Kia and its been great.   I haven't returned it yet but so far so good!
4 If I've learned anything in Rental Cars over recent years it is that you get what you pay for and although Hertz is more costly than other nationally branded rental companies the cars are always new, always clean, and always ready on time.  Not QUITE as well rounded an experience as I've had with National I'm very comfortable with Hertz and would gladly use them again whether in Vegas or elsewhere.
1 Lady at counter says even though I declined navigation option she is going to charge me anyway. I told her I was a Gold member for 10 years and she said so what. Grrrrrr Fail
4 Good experience here.   I got a significant discount through USAA that made Hertz the cheapest option for me.  Advice for Hertz customers -- sign up for their club.  The reservation shows up on your phone and they'll let you switch to a different car.  I went from a minivan to a Nissan Altima which was waiting for me.   Also, belonging to their club means no wait at the line.  The return experience started out scary with being in a long line of cars, but the return staff showed up very quickly and was exceptionally pleasant.   Assuming no weird charges show up, I'll be using Hertz from now on.
2 I was in need of a larger vehicle for a special group flying into town.  My car just wasn't going to cut it.   So Hertz had a large SUV that would work perfectly.   The location is easy to find and nice that all of the car rental companies are in one building.  Walking up to the counter, there weren't any people in line!  I guess in Vegas most people don't need to rent a car.    The customer service agent didn't seem like she was having a good day.  I always try to make an upbeat conversation with anyone just to bring a smile to their face.  She wasn't having any part of it.  Hmm.   It was a very quiet and cold check in to get our vehicle.  After her time of punching in our information, we were handed our vehicle information and told where to find it.  It was just a short escalator ride up to their car level.  They actually do have a huge floor of rental cars.  A Ferrari was actually sitting there waiting to be rented... but that wouldn't work for us this time.  Maybe another day!  We found our car and were on our way.    Returning was easy but the first agent still stuck with me.  Unfriendly and stone cold.  I wish their pricing was better and my usual rental car place had already sold out of the large SUV.  I guess my advice would be to try a different rental place if you can.
1 No cars available when we arrived, even though had reservation for 8 months!!! Staff rude and not accomdating, asked how could you not have cars available there counter Lady replied with a smart remark basically saying so what, I will NEVER rent from Hertz again, first time I ever used them and definitely the last, DO NOT RENT FROM HERE!
1 Zero stars if I could. Long story short, Hertz confirmed my reservation months ago but had no cars available upon arrival. Instead arranging another car through their partner or refund the only offered solution from the manager was that they'll check in a few hours. Keep in mind I'm on a two night vacation and my one night's plans has been ruined. They take no responsibility for payment because I've paid through Cheaptickets, so apparently the partnership really means nothing. Can't even guarantee a car later but tells us they'll call us back in the morning. No one calls. I call back all morning for several hours the next day and no one answers the phone or responds to voicemails.   I am currently waiting at the Hertz after taking a taxi here. I have been waiting for an hour and still waiting in line.   Thanks Hertz for ruining my family vacation. We leave tomorrow. I don't expect anything but hope others will avoid such ridiculously horrible service and NEVER use Hertz again
2 Multiple choice quiz:  Why does an airport Hertz have this many reviews (55+ at the moment)?  a) Hertz is where Vegas strippers go when their careers end. b) Free mojitos after 3pm. c) Britney has really hit rock bottom, and needed a few extra bucks. d) Other Yelpers have realized what I learned: there is the right way to run a rental car agency, and this sure as fuck isn't it.  Sadly, the correct answer is D.  I should have recognized this when I got to the Hertz at 3:30PM on a Friday afternoon and the customers outnumbered the Hertz staff members 5 to 1.  I should have double recognized this when I heard a lady say "I am never renting from Hertz again... 4 fucking hours of waiting here for a car" as she stormed away to another car rental company.  I should have triple recognized this when I got my car rental processed, and waited 45 minutes only to find out that the first Hertz agent had actually canceled my reservation instead of processing it.  Positives: + When my original rental car (2013 Mazda 3) broke down, I returned it to Hertz and was out the door with an upgraded vehicle within 15 minutes.  Notice how the only positive experience with Hertz involved their car breaking down.  Negatives: - Almost 1 hour process to get my car upon arrival at the facility (see above).  This is unreasonable given that it's a Friday in Vegas, and you should know that you will be busy.  No other car rental company had a lineup, except Hertz. - As MANY other Yelpers have noted, this Hertz often doesn't have cars available, even if you have a paid confirmation (yes, you paid and confirmed to make sure they would have a car for you, and then they don't when you arrive).  Which doesn't make sense.  You accepted my money several months ago... where the fuck is my car?  I assume this is why the lady who stormed out of the Hertz when I arrived was so pissed - she had waited 4+ hours and didn't get a car. - When you do get a car, be careful.  My original car was a big piece of crap, and when I returned it and told the attendant all of its mechanical issues, he didn't note anything down.  Which means that some other sucker (maybe you?) will be reading this review in the middle of the Nevada desert saying "WHY THE FUCK WOULD HERTZ GIVE ME A RENTAL CAR THAT THEY KNEW HAD MECHANICAL PROBLEMS?".  Avoid the problems of this Hertz location, if you can.  Management there doesn't really care if you have a problem, and you'd be better off walking 1 minute to another rental car agency.  Fucking Hertz Las Vegas Airport.  You are about as useless as nipples on a guy.
4 We arrived in Las Vegas on a red eye flight; the shuttle to the rental car location was quick and pretty painless. The Hertz rental process was easy and quick.   We were upgraded to a Mustang Convertible at no additional cost!  Really a fun car to have in Vegas!  Return was just as easy as the pick up.  Would definitely rend from them again!
1 I had my 21yr old kid try to rent a car here .... the person who worked behind the counter was very rude to her ... I set up the rental for her, after hours of trying to find the best deal , I thought I had with Hertz, They came and got her and everything.... When she got there because of her age they treated her like crap, making her feel like she was going to trash their car, The even ran her credit and would not rent her a car because she had no credit score... DUH!!! She is a student who goes to school for a living... When I got on the phone to find out what was going on ... I asked to speak to a manager, the person on the other end said I am the manager in a very rude tone, And said that we are lucky that they are giving her a ride home... We did nothing wrong other then trying to rent a car from here... 2hrs later she was on her way to come see me in a Enterprise Rental with any hasle from anyone
5 Quick and easy pickup.  They gave me a nice convertible without me even having to ask for an upgrade.  I rent with a number of different agencies and this is one of the best experiences I have had.  They are a little more expensive but I can see why.
2 Misinformed about the cost of the insurance and when the car was due back. Never received a call back when i called to ask about the charges. Car I rented drove like it had been driven around the world to test speed bumps the shocks were so bad. And it smelled of cigarettes.   I created a list of complaints about the car to give to the person when I dropped it off. They couldn't care less. I left it with a full tank of gas so as far as they were concerned it was ready for the next person.  Two stars because the woman who helped me was patient with me...which she was letting the line grow ridiculously longer.
1 This location is one of the worst! All the way from managment down, they nickel and dime me all the way!  I recommend avoiding this hertz location
1 What an insanely rude group of people. Even the Gold counter. I inquired about possible upgrades and waiving the 1 hour $15 charge. Totally rude rude.
1 this location blows.  had to wait an hour for a car to be ready.  it's not that hard folks, but apparently this location has not figured it out.  the manager Ken is a chump that does nothing to make things right for the customer - needs a lesson in customer service and to wipe that smirk off his face.
2 I'm a Gold member and always always receive great service from Hertz, matched only by Enterprise. But on this day, service was horrible. 2/22/14 about 2pm, counter in the Gold kiosk at car pickup level at McCarren. She needs a refresher in customer service.   This was my first time renting as Gold via a package deal from Orbitz. So naturally, I head straight to the board, like I always do to look for my name. It wasn't there, so i walked into the little office there for Gold members and politely asked. Wow, her response to me was as if I should have known that package deals don't get Gold service. I told her my fault, and she never told me it wasn't, which is what i was expecting. Anyway, she went through all the stupid options and questions that i already previously provided thru Gold membership. Then she proceeds to "inform" me that Nevada has a special law that they don't work with any insurance providers and credit cards for damages. I said cool, she proceeded to push me to buy insurance.  I DONT WANT INSURANCE! Just bill me should i screw up your vehicle. It's such a rip off.  Anyway, i left with a decent Ford Edge for a really nice price. So maybe that's why they were trying to push me to upgrade to a Benz for $25 a day extra. Nope. Nope. Nope.  Worst service. From a car rental company. Ever.
3 I've usually had a great experience with Hertz, and although my experience wasn't bad, I wasn't fully satisfied, and it was mainly due to the maintenance of the vehicles.  I had to switch my vehicle twice, and ended up driving 3 different vehicles within a span of two days. The first vehicle, a 2012 Ford Focus, wasn't cleaned and it showed in the dirty exterior and interior. It also smelled like cigarettes inside. I ended up getting a Nissan Versa afterwards, but there was a problem with the E-Brake as it would constantly think it was engaged so it would let off an annoying beeping noise as your drove. Finally, I got a Chevy Sonic which drove great.   Through all this, the staff was very understanding and allowed me to switch vehicles with no problems. The customer service up front was great, but the problems I've had with vehicles leads me to believe that they aren't maintained the best they could be.   Overall, my recent experience will make me look into what other car rental services have to offer.
1 Avoid this car rental. The worst customer service ever and so much sneaky upselling it is outragous. Rented car 2 weeks in advance, arrived and was told to use the video kiosk- don't do it. Talking to someone via a skype thing and was put in a car I didnt ask for, when I got to car it was gone, given another which could not be released as the tags were expired..took me one hour to leave the airport with a car. Talked to mgmt about overcharges, person named Danielle and she was a snot. Told me, "you signed the contract so you have to pay"...I would rent from any place else but this Hertz Vegas location...not honest, poor customer services and cars unkept. Terrible expereince...avoid this Hertz location if you can....best of luck.
1 Beware of these sneaky crooks!!!  I reserved a mid-sized car, given a Chevy Cruise which should be considered Compact and was charged an extra $11.00 per day for class upgrade. They say a Chevy Cruise is considered full-size even though my reservation email says Chevy Cruise ir similar. So when they print out 12 pages of print too small to read you better not sign unless your okay with getting ripped of by Hertz Rent A Car!
1 The wait here to pick up your car is ridiculous.  I've been here twice and both times it's taken forever to get a car.  I think over an hour the most recent time.  They have the phone agents as well, but I am not sure why this location is so slow at getting your car.
1 On December 8, 2103, I reserved a rental car online through Hertz. It was a Sunday, so I had no choice but to drive to McCarran Airport, a 40 minute round trip from my home, to pick up the car.  When I arrived, everything seemed fine. The contract amount looked about right (because part was prepaid and part was due on return), and I was never shown any contract details before I was asked to sign electronically for the car.   When I arrived home and really examined the contract, I found that the employee at the desk had added insurance to the contract without my permission. My online reservation showed NO insurance very clearly.  I called the Hertz reservation line who told me that I had no choice but to go back to the rental location - again, a 40 minute drive on a Sunday night. I tried calling the location repeatedly, but no one would pick up the phone.  So...I drove. I used gas in the rental car. I was required to pay for that gas. I took over an hour out of my day because of an employee who was trying to earn commission (I learned that counter employees are commissioned on sales of insurance).  When I got back to the airport, I asked for a manager. I spoke with the very unsympathetic manager on duty who didn't do much but told me she would give me a coupon for 10% off a future rental - which certainly didn't cover my expenses for the counter employee's fraud. Explaining that I would never rent from Hertz again, I asked if that 10% could be used on the current rental. The manager on duty agreed.  I had originally reserved the car for two days but was so disgusted that I ended up returning it a day early because I didn't want anything to do with Hertz ever again. It was then I found out that the 10% promised by the manager on duty wouldn't be honored.  I've emailed Kyle Oldham, the purported General Manager of the location, and he ignores me. I've contacted Hertz customer service TWICE and recounted my story. The last customer service agent, Melissa (agent ID 7837), to whom I spoke on March 17, 2014, promised me I would receive an email confirmation of my complaint. No such email was ever received.   Bottom line, go elsewhere. I've rented all over the US and Europe using Avis, and now I know why. I've never had a single problem with Avis, and their customer service has been fantastic. Hertz couldn't care less about its customers. Who wants to do business with a company like that?
1 We waited at least 40 minutes to get our rental car at the mccarran airport. They had kiosks but only 1-2 were usable at a time. They only had one person behind the counter to process everyone. Almost all the other car rental companies were long lines so I didn't mind this.  Then we returned our car at the cosmopolitan. This was fun. We knew it would close at 5 so we made sure to return at 4:40 or so. There was no one at the counter, and the note said they'd be back by like 4:00. So I was kind of scared that no one would show up and we'd be charged for returning the car too late. Thankfully 10 minutes later a lady shows up and she starts processing the return. We quickly realized she was stoned. She was slurring, and asking the same question multiple times. When she was using the keyboard she had to lean close to look at it. I was amazed that she actually did successfully process our return and gave us a receipt. Still, I thought hertz is quite unreliable and unprofessional.
1 I am here with reservation for my bros bachelor party and rented a Cadillac escalade. Get here, they said two hour wait on all cars, did not look at my reservation, seconds later now they said completely out of cars sorry. What's the point of reservation ?
1 Thirty minute wait just to be told that we'd have to wait an hour or two to get a car. Classy way to run a car rental business, with a garage completely full of cars.
1 Apparently a reservation at this location only guarantees a "minimum 1-2 hour wait before a car is available." Seeing the other reviews, this seems to be common. Save your time and stay away from this sham of a business.
1 Avoid renting from this location if at all possible. I had a prepaid reservation and when I arrived there were about 200 people in line and there was a 4 hour wait for a car. Clearly Hertz prefers to collect money on late returns and offers no assistance or credit whatsoever to those who have a paid reservation.   Luckily I was able to get a refund on my reservation and took a cab to my hotel. Hertz had no answer when I asked for cab fare or assistance in booking with another company. They simply told us to go wait in the other lines or make calls on our own.   This seems to be common with hertz. Lines are always long and nothing seems to be easy. I had a similar issue in San Diego. I never have this issue with Alamo or Enterprise. Unfortunately when using hot-wire, you take a risk. Keep that in mind - ESPECIALLY if you see a "too good to be true" rate.
1 I rented a car from the Priceline.com   You bid one your car of choice and if accepted you pay right away.  I had rented and pay for a Dodge Charger.a week prior.   It points out that if there don't have this particular car something of comparable will be provided.  I was to pick up the car at the Las Vegas Hertz.  They think that a ford focus is comparable to a Charger??  NOT !  I once rented a chrysler 300 and it was substitued  for a Charger,  Those two are to my opinion of the same rental value.  They had one chrysler 300 there but would not let me have that.  I was chocked,  A FORD FOCUS!!!  Secondly on priceline.com  they do not give you the option to name your primary driver. they assume if you are renting it then you are the driver. You will not be able to switch once over there, but you can add a driver for an additional cost of $15 A DAY!!  I might of agreed for $15 for the switch but not  per day !  So I had to drive the whole time while my boyfriend sat in the passenger seat.  I really tried to reason with the guy at the Hertz counter, but he had that stupid smirk on his face because I was upset to have to take a car I absolutely did not want..  You are no better off or ahead at pre-selecting and paying in advance.  You can't change any of your preferences and the price was not that much cheaper.  I paid, $25 a day for a little car,  I could of just rented a focus there for $12 a day.  They do not hold the car you ask for or even attempt to.
1 My wife and I arrived late in the evening or early in the morning depending on your perspective. So at 1:00 A.M I was expecting very little wait. 2.5 hours later the 1 working employee, and I would like to clarify that, when I say 1 I mean that there were 3 employees that I saw working the desk but 2 hid in the back so only one employee was actually working. Sorry, I got a little sidetracked there. So anyway I get to the desk, now 3:30A.M, and go to pick up my reservation which was supposed to be a Challenger. I was told by the clerk that they did not have a Challenger or similar model available. They attempted to put me in a Civic instead of the car I reserved and charge me the same amount. I had to argue for 30 minutes to go from a Civic to a Chrysler Town and Country minivan for the price I had already paid for a Challenger with no refunded amount. To recap, on my honeymoon, I reserved a challenger, left in a minivan. I strongly recommend anywhere but here.
2 Their employees are extremly rude.  Unfortunately, I did not catch her name - But When we first approached, she rudely told us to go to the kiosk as she "just got there and wasnt ready" - After going to the kiosk, and it not accepting us, we went to her counter and she said "well if it rejected you then I cant help you"  I asked her to try it again, and she agreed finally after rudely asking me if I "was even old enough to drive"  Mind you, Im 24 years old.  Even after she printed our confirmation, and I told her that she was being rude, she stated - "Well I just got here so I dont know what you expect from me"  That's not an apology, just more of a "too bad."  She was extremly rude, and acting as if doing her basic job was a problem. Just to mention, there were no other customers in line or at the counter we were the only ones so she wasnt even busy..  Frankly, the ONLY reason we continued with Hertz and didnt go to one of the other 20 companies was Hertz deposit was lower than the rest.  Had the deposits matched elsewhere we surely would of went elsewhere based soley on the employees attitude.
1 Horrible!! Waited in line to pick up ppd a full size car I reserved on Priceline. 1st tip...NEVER use priceliine! 2nd tip: check the mileage before you leave the counter. My car had 63,000 miles on it. Never had a rental car with this many miles whether rented for business or pleasure. Hertz is the wortz!! Going with Enterprise again in the future.
1 I wish I could rate this place a half star. I've been waiting in line for 1hr. There are 10 terminals and only 2 people working. There are 20 people behind me and the line hasn't moved in 25 minutes. Will never rent from again.
1 Hertz customer service in Las Vegas is absolutely horrible. Wrong car requested, wouldn't take the time to add my gold number when initially rented nor upon return. We booked with our gold number but somehow it wasn't added to the reservation. When we arrived, the agent gave up trying to add our gold number and w/o telling us that he didn't add it, printed our contract and sent us on our way. He never confirmed or asked any questions regarding the contract.  Also, I reserved/requested a car similar to a Toyota Carolla and they gave me a Toyota Yaris!! The Yaris began shaking and making loud noises when we would get near 60mph or above.  When we returned the car, we witnessed an altercation between a customer and an employee. All the employees proceeded to yell at the costumer and the manager had to hold back one of the employees. From what I gather, the customer was charged an insurance fee when he didn't request it. When it was my turn to approach the counter, the agent was extremely rude and didn't even try to listen to my concerns or try to solve the problem.
1 Hertz doesn't understand what a reservation is. We booked a Ford Fusion or similar, and was placed in a Ford Mustang. Which doesn't help when you have a family of 4. I showed them my receipt and they explained that a mustang is what we booked and we could pay $20 more a day for a Camry. If you ask me a Camry is more comparable to Fusion than a Mustang.  Everyone was rude there. There was only one person who was checking out cars. Upon return Miriam was rude didn't give us any directions and could not answer any questions.       We were also charged for 18 gallons of fuel when the car has a 16 gallon tank.  We aren't renting here again!
2 Don't leave anything in your car when you drop it off.  You will not get it back.  I rented a car from Hertz for a road trip.  The pick up was smooth and the car was great, albeit dirty.  One the way to drop the car off, I stopped and picked up 2 six packs of beer.  I dropped the car off and before I could get into the car with my ride, realized I had left the beer in the back seat of the rental.  I went back to where I dropped the car off and they brought the car around.  No beer. At this point, it had only been 10 minutes since I dropped the car off.   I went to talk to Randy, the most unhelpful manager in the history of the world.   Randy assured me he would take care of it and kept me waiting for 15 minutes.  When he came back he said that either no one had seen it, or it had been thrown away.  He said this over and over again.   Well, what was it Randy? Did it get thrown away or had no one seen it?   Regardless someone at Hertz was drinking good that night and Randy was full of it.
1 Made reservstion months ago. I was here at the appointed time. I have now waited for 45 minutes an no car is yet available. Manager at the counter says , more or less, " too bad keep waiting."   Wouldn't Hertz charge me if I return the car late? I paid extra because I thought the Hertz brand meant something. No more, next time I'm going to discount brands.
3 Folks here are always on the A game. Cars are always clean and ready to go, not to mention, never been told the wrong position for the car. Thanks to the Hertz crowd here for making the transition from flight to ground and vice versa so pleasant and problem free.  They saw me coming today...I got the worst car I've ever seen. Just lost 2 stars off this crap rental today...
1 I tried to rent a car online with a drop at Lake Havasu City starting from Las Vegas Airport, but the website wouldn't let me do it (it didn't like LHC). I submitted an online  request for help. Never heard back. I called in to complain and I know my complaint was entered into their system because I got an email auto-response. It has been over a week and I haven't heard back. I was happy with my previous Hertz rental from LHC to Las Vegas but I have now switched to Avis and don't plan on switching back to Hertz. I just figure that if a company screws up I should complain so they can fix it, but it appears that Hertz isn't interested in that.
2 People rock, but car was the worst. Went from a Mercedes last time to a Mitsubishi this time, both are considered the same car class, haven't figured that out. The quality of car was something I would expect to find at an auction house, NOT at a Hertz location.  Better luck next time...
