2 I'm eating what could be a baked potato, but it may be a slab of leather...I'm not quite sure.    My BLT salad was supposed to be grilled chicken with a balsamic vinaigrette, but it's Italian dressing with fried chicken...hmm  at least the girl upfront was nice...
5 This particular Wendys has been getting too much business from me and I dont like it. Im trying really hard to slim down the ole waist line and eating here does not help.  The salads are delicious.  It's healthy. When theres cheese, grilled chicken pieces, yummy dressing, and other yummy's.  The chili is awesome ,  I'm crazy about all the beans.I used to make this stuff back in high school. Wendys was after all my very first J.O.B. I used to get the fries and make myself chili cheese fries all of the time !  Out of all the fast food places, Wendys apparently has sentimental value to me. My first paycheck and my first slice of financial freedom.  This location just happens to be the place I worked at. I come here everytime I am in Vegas, I love the food and the people are still nice.
3 After getting an oil change on my lunch break, I needed to find something quick to eat that wasn't going to make me a total fatass. It had been a while since I had been to Wendy's and I remembered hearing they had new salads, so I decided to give them a try.  The employee that was working the drive thru was one of the fasting talking people I have ever encountered... I had to ask him to repeat himself multiple times. I ended up ordering an apple pecan chicken salad and a baked potato. The salad came with pomegranate vinaigrette salad dressing that was excellent, so tasty for a fast food joint.  The baked potato wasn't the best ever but for a cheap, semi-healthy lunch it did the trick.   It is likely I will try this Wendy's again if I need to pick up something quick to eat that won't make me feel like I need to do an extra hour of cardio at the gym later that day...
2 I would never usually review a fast food restaurant unless I've had a pretty unique, review-worthy experience. And I do have one.  Wendy's was our last resort before driving back to LA. In-n-Out's line was way too long.  But boy our problems did not end there. This was so long ago that I can't remember all our troubles with this establishment, but I do remember one. My friend ordered a Wendy's chicken sandwich and he got it, WITHOUT THE CHICKEN. If you know, a chicken sandwich is just bread, lettuce, and chicken. Yup. He was missing the whole chicken patty.  I've never laughed so hard in my life.
1 PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE. stupid dude cant count. stupid manager can't accomodate.  I swear this place is owned and operated by retardes with scalding cases of derpes.
2 Way to fail, Wendy's!   I saw a commercial for baked sweet potatoes last night and decided to swing by Wendy's for lunch today to get one. I was also picking up another one for my coworker, two chicken ceaser wraps, and a salad.   I went at 11:30, just before the 'standard' lunch time. Wendy's only had one sweet potato available. The lady taking my order thought I said I wanted chicken ceaser sandwiches. I corrected her, but I still ended up with the sandwiches instead of the wraps in my bag. Glad I checked the bag before driving off!
3 I usually don't like reviewing fast-food joints; unfortunately, I have to on this one, due to the fact I constantly visit this Wendy's more than any of the others, especially in the last 3 months.   I eat here on occasion for a quick bite, which it has been either around lunch time or late at night. Now, the food will remain the same since it is a corporate-owned fast-food restaurant; therefore, I have no problem with the food, especially the Baja Salad (with no dressing) - superb! Service, on the other hand, can  vary depending on the time you visit this particular location.   When I get off the "normal" Vegas shift, roughly 11/1130 pm, and in the mood for Wendy's, the service is standard - no waiting time, no rude service, etc. The late/graveyard shift-workers are exceptional at their job. Around midnight, my friend and I ordered one medium lemonade drink and a small soda drink. Instead, the guy who took our order ended up accommodating us to two medium-sized drinks and charged us for one medium and one small. (I think he was hitting on my friend, but who knows?)   Now, there were days after my morning exercise (near brunch hour), I have gone to Wendy's (this particular location) and have gotten the opposite service! The staff during this shift tend to talk more and gossip among themselves in front of the customers, which I have witnessed seeing orders mistaken due to miscommunication on their end, which included mine. I don't know how many times I hear disgruntled employee murmur under their breath as their walking by. I understand it's a minimum wage job, but in front of the customers? Really? I don't know how many times I hear the same employees gossip about one another in front of me as I'm ordering and confuse my order!  All I'm saying is be observant when visiting this specific location
3 Average quality. Slow service,
2 Must be the slowest fast food workers I have ever seen. To stand at the counter for 3-5 mins before even being greeted when there's 4 people in the kitchen and only me inside and one car in the drive thru is pretty bad service
5 My husband and I were going through the drive thru and Neil had phenomenal customer service. Definitely will be back thanks to him.
4 I was here for the first time with my girlfriend back in May. I like Wendy's but there were a few issue. They never had the baked potato and they were not loud enough to call out the food.
1 Horrible! Don't waste your time coming here. Service sucks and they are VERY slow!! They forgot my order and I was waiting for more than 30 minutes. Almost every person was complaining. Ditch this spot and go to McDonald's haha
