1 guess I should have  read the reviews on this doctor.  I completely wasted my time on  doctor Susan Kim ... doctor Kim and her staff  are completely unprofessiona horse playing in the Hallway an more concerned talking about their personal lifel doctor Kim wasn't generally concerned  about my needs she acted like if I was wasting her time this doctor shouldn't even get 1 star but unfortunately  you have to put at least 1 star
1 I just looked at my yelp account and realized I give a lot of four and five star reviews, I think the reason for that is I really like giving compliments. Unfortunately, I can only give Dr. Kim and this office one star and no compliments. I really can't even review Dr. Kim as I never saw her. I arrived at my appointment 30 minutes prior, as requested, to fill out paperwork. My appointment was for 2:00 and I was called into the exam room at 2:05, changed into a paper half shirt and covered up with a paper sheet. I looked at my watch, 2:10 when I sat on the exam table. I waited, and waited, and waited, and listened to the staff bickering in the hall, and waited. Finally at 2:45, I got up, got dressed, and went into the hall. I told one of the employees I needed to leave and we walked together to the front desk to reschedule, the front desk staffer waved us away so we walked to another receptionist who rescheduled me, I plan to cancel. I arrived at 1:30 and got to my car at 2:55 after seen no doctor. In her defense, Dr. Kim was doing a surgery (aka biopsy) but had someone come into my room, asked if the temp was ok, offered a magazine or an apology, I maybe wouldn't even be writing this. I won't go back and would never recommend you go either.
1 Dr Kim is THE WORST doctor on the face of the earth!! She "treated" my 81 year old dad. Removed a few cancers on his back and stomach (which they kept trying to do the wrong ones and I had to tell her, SHOW her which ones needed to be done!) and did 2 skin graft cancer removals on each of his ears. My dad is prone to infection so I asked for an antibiotic to avoid this situation. She abruptly said that would not be needed, even though I INSISTED and pleaded with her he have it as he gets infections..A LOT! He's 81 for gosh sake! Still would not give him any antibiotic. Well guess what, on our next follow up visit to remove stitches he had a severe staph infection! She supposedly did a skin graft on his ears, he is now left with half an ear, on both sides! He literally has HALF AN EAR! The entire top is gone! She did not do a good job of skin graft, reconstructing. She really butchered him up. It's just awful. I feel so bad and am SO sorry I took him to her. We have switched doctors (we are going to the new one next week). I wouldn't take him back to DOCTOR (and I use the term loosely) Susun Kim again, even if our lives depended on it! DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT go to Dr Kim. She is just awful!
1 Susan Kim.   Everything you read about this doctor is completely true! She was the worst "doctor" I've ever come in contact with. I wish I had more to say about her, but she was in and out of the room so fast, I hardly had any interaction with her! Before I had the chance to ask her any questions, she was out the door, leaving me with the nurse to answer my questions. Gr8. She clearly couldn't be bothered with me.  Not only was she completely unhelpful and barely looked at my skin from ACROSS THE ROOM, she prescribed me the WRONG medication for it, similar to other Yelp reviews with people having the same experiences. Please stay away from this clinic.  I'm seriously so upset that I wasted $30 copay on this appointment.  :'(
1 We made an appt for my husband with Dr. Del Rosso. We waited an hour and half in the waiting area and another 30 mins in the exam room. Finally 2 hours later the doc came in to see us and had us come back to finish the biopsy 2 weeks later. When we went back we were charged another co-pay. The office charges every visit a co-pay except suture removal. We disputed the co-pay with the BBB and won, however, 2 days later we received a bill for the money reimbursed. We highly recommend finding another dermatologist office. The office doesn't use honest business practices, aren't family friendly and make you wait a very long time. This place is really bad!
5 I made an appointment with Dr Kim and right before going there I read some reviews on Yelp and was a little worried. I have to say that I had a great experience at her new office located at 8250 W. Warm Springs Road. I went in with an open mind and was in and out of the office in less than an hour. Dr Kim was very professional and took plenty of time with me. The physician assistant was also very good to me. Maybe Dr Kim is aware of some of the previous reviews/complaints and has adjusted her approach in response to the criticism. I paid cash and did not go through insurance and the charges were very fair. Thank you Dr Kim for taking care of me and I will be returning the next time I have an issue! Keep up the good work.
