5 Will return one day. Prices are negotiable especially for those who have served.
1 Was looking for a Bladetech Holster for a Glock 17 with a dedicated Surefire x300. Cool? Cool.  Called Citadel Gun & Safe, was VERY specific about what I needed. VERY. Did I mention that I called and was VERY specific about needing a Bladetech Holster for a Glock 17 with a dedicated Surefire x300. Cool? Cool.  CGS: "Sure, we carry that! We also have a large selection of other holsters that might do the trick if that doesn't work out." Cool? Cool.  "Are you sure?" I say. "You're more than an hour's drive and I want to be sure you have it. It's 100ยบ outside today. You gotta be sure." Cool? Cool.  CGS: "You bet! Come on in!" Cool!  Yeah... NOT COOL. We make the long drive in 110ยบ heat. We get there and FatBoy is nowhere to be found. The Chick behind the counter goes all Deer-in-the-headlights on us because they dont carry anything remotely like that and my displeasure is readily apparent. To make matters worse, the Tubby Asshole finally shows up and starts making jokes about how mad I am. It got to the point where another customer (a local I think) asked me if I wanted him to kick Tubby's ass. That's not good!  I'm OK with folks making mistakes; shit happens. This? This is inexcusable. What pisses me off the most is that the management didn't really seem to be troubled by the whole exchange and couldn't think of a single other local shop to refer us to. That's just low, on so many levels.  Because we'd already made the drive, we spent the rest of the day hitting most of the Firearms dealers in Vegas trying to track down what is already a hard-to-come-by item, instead of back at the hotel pool hanging the hell out. I will NEVER knowingly gives this establishment my business.
2 This place is just plain expensive.  Their ammo is too expensive; I will just go to aimsurplus.com and get a better deal WITH shipping!  Also their silver was way over-priced.  90% junk silver for 28x face value when its true value is less than 25x face value.  Cool store to window shop in, I just wouldn't blow my money there...
5 This place often has some great deals. Most importantly, they have incredible customer service and have helped me numerous times with little thing's absolutely free of charge that other shops would try to nickle and dime you for. Good folks and for that reason I always have them in mind when it comes to gun gear, safes, etc.
1 Citadel "GUN & safe"...... is false advertising.... We googled gun stores and this was the first one that came up, so we drove all the way out there assuming they sold guns and to my surprise, they don't sell guns.... just ammo and accessories... Uhm...... what!?!? why the hell isn't it called "Citadel Ammo and accessories" instead!?!? That would've saved us time and a trip.
1 I called this place for an item.  They didn't carry it and told me in a very sarcastic manner, "You wont find that here, not here you wont!"  I wont be back either.  Btw, your prices are to high for ammo and you don't sell guns so why say gun and safe.  It should just say store of misc. goods that people don't want to help sell.
5 This place has been shut down.
