5 This Budget Rent-a-Car is located at the Golden Nugget Hotel and Casino. Their old location at the Four Queens is now an Avis. They are located near the back entrance next to the Starbucks, which is where you would enter if you arrive by taxi or park in their structure. It is just a small counter and I walked right by them without realizing it. As expected for a small, non-airport location they do not offer everything the larger locations do. For example, Fastbreak members cannot just walk into the lot and choose their car. However, the two people on staff were very nice and got me checked in and ready to go in a few minutes. They asked where I was going and gave me a few maps which later came in handy. The extra insurance options were offered, but there was no pressure like there often is at other locations.  After you finish the paperwork, you walk across the street to the Golden Nugget's parking garage and pick up your car. The attendant meets you there and makes sure everything is OK before you take off. If you've rented a car before, you know that they do a quick visual inspection of the car so you don't get blamed for any pre-existing damage. The guy that helped me did probably one of the most detailed inspections ever. He noted every little ding or minor scratch on the car to make sure I would not be held responsible. I really appreciated his effort. One thing to be aware of is that once you leave, you will be leaving through the same exit as everyone else who parked in the Golden Nugget garage. They do not charge Budget customers, but the person working the booth at the garage said that you are still supposed to have the ticket from when the car is parked. I guess whoever rented the car before me took the ticket with them, because I did not have it. It took a minute to clear up, but they did not charge me. I'm not sure if the garage attendant was just confused or if that is really the policy, but check with the Budget attendant before taking off. When I returned the car I just left the parking garage ticket on the dashboard. If you return after hours, you can toss your keys in the drop box. This was helpful as it saved me from having to wake up early to return the car.   Normally I wouldn't write a long Yelp review for a rental car place, but they were really nice here. I think I got better service because they probably aren't as stressed out at this little location as they would be at an airport.
1 My jaw is still dropping. I can't believe what I just experienced. I need to share this experience and warn you: DO NOT RENT FROM ANY BUDGET RENT A CAR LOCATION IN LAS VEGAS.  My brother and sister in-law rented a car for their one-week stay with us in Vegas. They had an issue with rudeness at the airport rental car counter but it was not a big deal.  But after two days we decided to call to see if they could get an SUV or mini-van so they could bring our son with them as they explored Vegas. I called the Vegas Budget office on their behalf (there is one office that handles all locations) and a nice young man suggested I speak with the Orleans location (4475 Tropicana). He transferred me there. That's when things started to go wrong.  The Orleans location answered and said "please hold." I was on hold for almost 15 minutes.  I called back into the general number and this time a woman named Julie at the airport location answered. I explained to her I had been on hold for 15 min with the Orleans location. She said rather rudely "they're really busy there." No apology, no acknowledgement of the terrible customer service. I pointed out that I felt it was very poor customer service to keep me on hold for 15 min and she said "Well they shouldn't even take calls there," again quite rudely. I further pointed out that if they don't take calls why did someone from HER company transfer me there?  Because I felt I was getting no help and needed to speak with someone who could answer my original question I asked to speak with a manager. Julie quite rudely argued with me about this but finally transfered me to...the Station Manager's voice mail! I called Julie back and said I would really like to speak to a live manager. Julie got angry with me, started yelling at me about how I didn't want to listen to her, refused to give me her last name or employee number, said I couldn't call the corporate number to complain because they're a franchise and the corporate office doesn't control them (I'm sure the corporate office of Budget will love to hear that coming out of the mouth of their franchisees!), accused me of harassing her (can you say role reversal!?!?), said she wasn't going to help me any more and then hung up on me!!  All I can say is "WOW"!!! If you met me you'd see I'm a very calm, professional person. I don't let things get to me much. I remained pretty calm on the phone but I truly believe this person Julie, who sounds as if she is fairly high ranking in their customer service function, may have mental health issues. Either that or she just has no training in customer service or basic etiquette.  I finally called the corporate office and they took a full case history, apologized profusely, and handled our request to upgrade to a larger car. So I have nothing against Budget Rent a Car in general. But after reading the other reviews about Budget in Vegas, I have one warning: USE BUDGET IN VEGAS AT YOUR OWN RISK!!
2 The car was nice and clean and new. The price was quoted as $56.32 total rental cost for 2 days, total price,tax included. When we get the bill, as always with rental car companies, it's $73.00. Surcharges and fees that are not included in the final total I was told. No biggie, but why tell you total price and then it's always more than the total? But, it's just always that way when renting a car.
5 We were idiots and didn't rent a car at the airport and after calling around this was the closest place in Downtown with the best prices. But then I checked Yelp and got pretty scared but alas our reservation was already booked so what's a girl to do? Well, I went ahead and checked it out for myself and I was very happy with my experience I felt a more recent review needed to be written on here. The small desk sits in the Golden Nugget hotel and it's very easy to miss but just ask someone and they can tell you where it's at. The clerk was so helpful and even helped me avoid the airport return fee by having us sign up for roadside assistance thus saving us $7, hey that's half a cocktail on the Strip right? Anyway, check out was easy and fast. The car we received was clean and the employee who did our inspection was very thorough. Since this was our first time renting a car, ever, the front desk clerk really helped us understand how it all worked and I felt I in good hands. If you can remember to rent a car at the airport it's usually cheaper but this was a great alternative and not much higher in price.
