5 I've been here a few times and the staff have always been friendly but not pushy.  They always have something on sale that I think I need at that moment so that's good and bad.  I ordered some parts once and they came in pretty quick and were the same price as the ones on ebay.
3 After visiting the Cycle Gear off Decatur, I decided to give this one a try since it is a bit closer to me. I have to say I was a bit disappointed. Compared to the other store it is a lot smaller. Their selection does not even begin to compare to the other store. The staff there was nice, but did not offer to help me find what I was looking for. It was a bit busy, so I understand but I was frustrated enough that I left and went straight over to the Decatur store. I have a feeling that I won't be back to this one any time soon.
5 I searched Cycle Gear in San Diego & the store on Decatur for a new helmet and boots. Both stores were out of stock or didn't have the right size.  This store had both items I had been looking for.  Greg was very helpful & even offered some intel on a ride up to the Valley of Fire I was planning. All in all out was a great Cycle Gear experience with some outstanding prices/sales and helpful staff.
4 Super friendly staff that seams sincere in wanting to help. Great selection and convenient location. Great sales as well! They made a fan out of me!
5 This place is great I went in with our son only because his dad could not.  I simply said what I was looking for him and john gave us not only the gear but explained how and why it should fit and pro's an con's to each brand .  He was amazing in fact I only dealt with him but we noticed that everyone in the store was happy to see you an step in an help.
5 Awesome service when I went today!
5 Zack is amazing!!!! Be sure to have him help you in the shop!
1 The service my husband and I received was HORRIBLE. We went into this location to find some motorcycle parts and was led to the back by a "customer service rep" where he picked up a pamplet told us what part we needed and then proceeded to tell us, "I'm super swamped right now so you guys are going to have to find that part on your own." and he walked back up to the front. I was shocked! He may have well have told us "I really don't care what you want or that you're here at all so get out."  Needless to say we left without purchasing anything and will not be back.
5 Love the selection and the sales they have on last year items.  The Cycle Gear that's further north in LV has the best selection.  Amazing customer service for the norther store as well.
5 Went in to purchase my first helmet with my boyfriend today, everyone in there was awesome especially Randy he gave us both great advice and was very friendly and helpful.  They have great deals as well. Better than the other cycle shops around town. We will be back for sure! Thank you again , Randy!
