5 I'm a sucker for a FTR.   This place is yummy and it reminds me of what Taco Del Mar could be if it were any good.  Affordable and fresh.
3 Great burritos and they serve beer!!  However compared to the one by UNLV (Maryland and Harmon) its not as good. They hook it up with Guacamole over there, big portions and if you show your student ID you get a free drink. Bad ass.   Still this place is great if you dont want Mall food or other crap near by.  Oh and the price is not marked up at all even though its on the strip.
4 The food is always fresh, and no matter how long the line is, you will be through in just a few minutes thanks to the assembly line process to make your food in a custom fashion.
4 Burritos the size of a small child's head. About $10 a meal gets you obscene amounts of chow. Consistent service and food.
4 Chipotle is a classic Vegas staple.... All the restaurants are clean, spacious, and well organized.  The assembly line where the employee puts your food together couldn't be simpler for the customer or the employee.    Fresh meat and veggies Clean, roomy location Fast and friendly staff Overall A+
5 Let me just say, Carnitas. It doesn't matter if it's a burrito or a bowl. If it's carnitas, it's good. Black  or pinto beans. Both are delicious. The rice is perfectly laced with lime.  Second best  is barbacoa.
4 My lunchtime staple, I eat at this location once a week at least.  Service is fast, and this place gets crowded.  Between the nearby employees having lunch or the tourists visiting the outletmalls, it is always busy.  Food is consistent and always good.  I tried online ordering the other day, they had my food ready to go and I walked out in less than 5 minutes.
4 Want to grab a quick lunch and afraid of inconsistency, this place is it.    We arrived at 12pm for lunch and yes, there was a line, but the line moved super quick.  The ingredients were fresh.  I had the barbacoa burrito, and I could only finish half of this.  It was huge!  The barbacoa meat was tender, but not as flavorful as I would have liked it.  If you are on a low carb diet, you could also get the bowl, which is everything inside of the burrito, minus the tortilla.  The price is reasonable as well.
4 Solid 3.5 stars  Favorite locale since it is close to home  5 stars: guacamole - often come in just for the guac to go 4 stars: steak bowl w rice, fajita veggies, lettuce, corn salsa, tomatillo salsa, cheese, sour cream 3 stars: is it my imagination, or are serving sizes shrinking?  Yes it is Americanized Mexican food done McD's style.
2 I've always LOVED Chipotle, but the experience I had today was beyond horrible!  I placed an order online for myself and many of my coworkers for lunch. The website is set up perfect so that you can specify exactly what each order should have on it.  My experienced turned sour when I went to pick up the order.  Initially I walked in and per my email confirmation advised I walked to the front on the line to pick up my order.  The cashier ignored me and did not even acknowledge my presence and continued helping others. She did this through 3 customers until I had to say "Excuse me" to get her attention. She then with an attitude got the food and I went on my way.  When I get back to work, one of the orders was wrong. I called back to Chipotle and was hung up on twice. The third time the woman on the phone began to argue with me saying she did not mess up the order! (where is the customer service?)  My coworkers along with myself have officially written Chipotle off and will not order from there any longer.  The worst experience ever... I'm extremely disappointed.
4 As I mentioned in my last review of a different chipotle one of the things I like most about this establishment is the consistent great flavors you experience at every site you eat at.  This location tends to be extra busy and seating can be an issue if you are planning on dining in.  The lunch rush is a killer.
3 My crew boys swear by it, busy busy but fast service, not really my taste in food but it was well prepared and really generous portions.  Heaps of reice with lime, salas, guac, balbacoa and sour cream, in a burrito bowl, tasty.  Other offerings included burritos and salads with chicken beef and balbacoa.  Good fast food for $10.  Outside patio available
5 My mom has become recently obsessed with this place so we usually hit it up every other Saturday. We share a burrito because they are gigantic, i can't even hold one with one hand. All the meats are delicious, try any, you won't be disappointed with your choice. Just know that barbacoa can be a little bit spicy. I ask for extra lime-rice and corn salsa to make my burrito extra full. The sour cream is hefty so I get that on the side. To complete this meal, chips and guac is the way to go. Pick up an extra bowl/plate to share, and cut that sucker in half. I break my half into pieces and shake tabasco all over it and sometimes even pick up burrito pieces with the chips. delish. This location is busy but there are always seats available and the staff is super friendly. Once my sister forgot to get guac in her veggie bowl and they gave her a cup of it, no questions.
4 Like many other Chipotle's this location gets incredibly crowded during lunch. I highly recommend ordering on line. This will allow your food to be ready when you arrive, allowing you to pick it up at the cashier and check out more conveniently.   This location is well-maintained for how busy they are and systematically and efficiently handle the high-volume. Chipotle now offers brown rice, but I hate to admit I still prefer the white with cilantro. As with other locations, there is a secret menu. I highly recommend the guacamole!
5 Great service and even better food. Just received the greatest service by the gentlemen and the lady at the line. He addressed me by my first name (my name tag helped) and the young lady offered me  fresh meat coming from the back. Awesome!!!! :-)
5 It is really hard to mess up Chipotle's quality and service and this place does not disappoint.  The same quality food you get from any other Chipotle and the same great service.  This location could get a little crowded due to it being on the Strip and within the outlet mall but they move the line as fast as possible.
3 all chipotle's are the same to me, service is great, food is good.
3 I really enjoy Chipotle...enough for 5 stars. Giving this location 3 Stars bc the service was bad. Not even one employee cracked a half smile when we were in there. I left feeling disappointed, didn't order my usual drink and chips with guac. I was glad to be out of this one...I just don't think the employees like it at this location. :(
4 One of the best fast food places around. Aside from the good food they offer, I was very nicely surprised that they offer beer at this location. Thumbs up for that. Being from overseas I appreciate things like that, grabbing a beer with your lunch. The food was very good I had a steak salad with pretty much all the stuff you can get in it, corn, beans, salsa etc. I was very hungry so the portion felt small but the Corona made it up for that. I like the place and the food too. The staff were kind of annoyed by all the customers and the routine of the job so they get 2 stars out of 5, other than that good experience :)
4 Its good place for quick food, the staffs always nice and the place always clean. They are super busy always but they have great food.  I recommend  order online first. I hope they can delivery.
5 To be honest, it's the same Chipotle food at any other Chipotle, but I give them four stars for being not only on Las Vegas Blvd, but the Premium Outlet shopping center!  They are unexpectedly super fast and friendly. Always.
5 My coworkers and I order from this Chipotle every Friday.  The food is hot and delicious every time.  Good work guys.  Very nice job taking our large order at rush hour every Friday.
4 Have only been to this restaurant a handful of times, but the service is always fast, food is always fresh, and dining area is always clean.
4 Good place to grab a quick bite to eat and have good quality foods at the same time.  This place is always clean and food always taste fresh.  The pulled pork here is the favorite!
4 Very consistent. Not the best quality sometimes but what do you expect when sitting in warmers.  Customer service is decent as well.
3 You figured that because I'm a regular here I'd love the place but not so.  I enjoy them to a point and dislike them to a point. Well the good are that they're convenient located between a Chevron and Outback Steakhouse in a large shopping center near the strip, they're fast at least at night when there hasn't been a lot of people during lunch it get busier but they manage, they're friendly they sometimes crack jokes, and they're huge in size. Sometimes, well most times, their burritos are so big that they struggle to close it up which are both good and bad because it spills out while you eat even with the foil wrapped around but it's fills you.  They're huge that after I eat the whole thing I ask myself why did I do that.  More of the bad are that the fillings are cold not warm or hot but cold.  It just kills the burrito for me when I'm eating it and bite after bite I get a cold piece of something here and there.  There is a solution for this though order the bowl and ask for additional tortillas.  You can heat up the ingredients in the bowl and wrap your burrito to manageable sizes.  I enjoy the layout lots of interior seatings and lots of exterior seatings in its outside covered patio area.
4 This Chipotle is in the Premium Outlet Shopping Center (near Outback, Chilis, etc.). They offer the typical beer selection along with margaritas (heck yea!). Ordered myself a steak burrito which tastes exactly how Chipotle should taste.  My only complaint is from some woman working behind the counter. One of the guys was putting my order into the register and another guest came up beside me to ask the woman for some chips. The woman, simply standing there beside the man helping me, yells at the guy to bag up some chips. He packaged them while we stood there and, as he went to hand the chips to the guest, she rudely snatched the bag from him and handed them over to the guest herself. Obviously there's some major tension there. Needless to say I was baffled that this behavior was displayed in front of paying customers. If I visit this location again and see similar behavior I'll be sure to speak with a manager.
4 Standard issue Chipotle. The store is clean and the service was good.  The only reason I didn't go the full 5 stars is because the portions seemed a bit smaller than other Chipotle's I've ate at.
5 The Line was fast, The food was great, The environment was clean. I usually get the bowl but you have alot to chose from the choice of meat to how ever you want your meal to be like! The price was average, and it was just to good!
2 The rice was undercooked; everything was a bit too salty. They also forgot about our quesadilla and it ended up being burned. I used to work for the Chipotle in Newport Beach, CA and I know about how customers are supposed to be treated. They didn't offer making a new one, and because they forgot about it they also forgot to charge us. Even with the opportunity to offer a dark, crunchy quesadilla on the house, we were still charged full price. Other than those negatives, it was still your basic Chipotle. Three stars.
3 Hah! I'm not the biggest fan of Chipotle, but you do what you got to do when you need to feed.  Recently shopping old Belz (now Premium South Outlets), I realized that meal #4 had to go down and meal #5 was just about 120 minutes later. Here's the dilemma when you're at Belz.  It's hard to find something quick, healthy, and did I mention quick.  One good thing about Chipotle is that they have brown rice, steak, and chicken all ready for you.  For a restaurant in a busy shopping outlet, you would think this Chipotle would be busy. But this Chipotle wasn't.  I entered the premises, requested for two scoops of their chicken/brown rice and I was out with the quickness.  Roughly 10 oz of chicken for less than $10.  Now that's a big on protein and small on the wallet.  Yeah Buddy!!  PS:  I know that Chipotle is known for their burritos, specifically their barbacoa burrito.  Burritos, Schmittos.  I'm sure their good.  YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (402/500)
3 It's chipotle and Vegas, so I wasn't expecting 5 star service. Staff was a little off and slightly rude. Food was decent but did serve smaller than usual portions.  A quick walk from Tahiti Village.
3 I like Chipotle, but it's just not anything great, a very average place.  The good points are that the burrito's and burrito bowls are pretty good sized although half of it is usually rice.  The meats taste pretty good, the salsa is good and the prices are cheap.  I also think the place is usually pretty clean and the staff has been nice.  The negatives are simple, not enough main dish selections.  Pretty much a burrito, bowl, or tacos is about it.  Would be nice if they had other selections, like quesadillas, nachos etc.  I also don't understand why the staff has to pass you from one person to another like 4-5 times during the course of one order.  I have seen this situation cause some confusion with people's orders.  Why can't one person just follow me through the whole process and than maybe pass me to the register person?  Chips would be good here if they didn't have so much salt.  I like salt, but most of the time the chips I got are WAY over salted to where the chips actually have a sour vinegar like taste.  I find myself scraping salt off the chips every time.
5 I love Chipotle but sometimes they can be stingy when making my burrito bowl. This place is not like that at all. Great amount of food and fresh like always.
5 As far as Chiplotle's go, this one's on point. The place is clean and the staff has been friendly every time I've been. The quality is generally consistent and they know how to get through a line quickly! This place fills up since it's so close to the outlet mall but because of that you know you're getting fresh food.  A lot of the time the chicken that's on the grill while you're in line is the chicken that goes into your bowl when its your turn to order. Half chicken half barbacoa tacos with guac are my favorite!
1 Usually good, however they now want to charge you double for a quesaritto?  $12.00 to melt the cheese on a burrito what a rip off and they don't tell you upon ordering only that there is an extra charge!  Chicken salty, going down fast I enjoy cafe rio much better!!
4 Whenever I'm in the mood for a delicious big burrito, this is where I go. This location of Chipotle is on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Warm Springs Rd so it's relatively easy to get into and out of, which I like. I feel like it doesn't matter what time I arrive at Chipotle, there's always a long line, but for the most part, the line moves quickly. I once ordered online to pick up at this location, but I still had to wait to jump in and pay for my meal. In fact, when I online ordered, they hadn't even made it yet so they made my burrito quickly.  The food is yummy, like most Chipotles, and the price is reasonable for the amount of food that you get in return. I always take my burrito to go, but glancing at the rest of the restaurant and I see that it is usually clean though filled with people eating. The downside to this location is that it opens at 11 am (boo!) and there is always a line. But hey, it's totally worth it for a Chipotle burrito so I don't mind.
1 Dear Chipotle, when I order a burrito and chips I expect a burrito and chips - that's it. Nothing more nothing less. I don't want a burrito and chips WITH HAIR!!!   Full Story: I placed my order online because  the line can get long at this location during lunch. I picked if up at the scheduled time and went back to work to eat it. Little did I know of the surprises that lay ahead... I'll leave it up to you, the reader, to reconstruct what happened. Protip: read the first paragraph.  I'm never going to eat here again. I start to gag just thinking about it.
5 I came to this Chipotle prepared for regular Chipotle fare (which is already pretty awesome), but instead it was even better!  Ambiance: This is one of the newer/cleaner locations I have been to, and it is also sufficiently spacy. Well done, Chipotle.  Service: Although there was a line the workers did not rush, nor did they skimp me on the ingredients.  I've been to many Chipotles where they hastily scoop small amounts of each topping to push you down the line. Not here! I got great service with generous scoops.  Food: Just as good as always and better, RED FAJITA PEPPERS (they were in season) !  I'm not sure if it's a southern US kind of thing as they still only serve green peppers at my Nor Cal locations but awww yisssss mothaF'in  red pepper.  Added whole new dimension to my burrito bowl.  Overall, very pleasantly surprised with this location and wish I could come back more often.
4 I place large orders from this location for my office frequently. The website is easy to use and the local staff is helpful answering questions about special orders. They're almost always punctual and accurate.
3 Food was okay but trying to get toppings in my order is like pulling teeth. They didn't want to put everything I wanted in the bowl. Since I'm vegan I need substantial amount of food so I can last until dinner from lunch. Also they need more workers to clean the tables. I had to clean a table so I can sit. Little messy for a restaurant.
1 We spent 40mins online using the order form going thru one by one each persons order because no one in store is apparently capable of taking an order.  After all that, we pick up the food.  So let me make sure everyone understands this. We spent 40 mins filling out an order form to ensure everyones order is correct.  Not one order out of 14 is correct.   These people who work here simply do not care for you, your food or service.  Thank you guys for ruining our lunch and making my crew extremely pissed off.
4 First time at a Chipotle. Line was crazy long! I almost turned around but decided to tough it out. The system moves people through quickly,  and the wait is definitely worth the wait.   Got myself a barbacoa burrito. The thing was as big big as my forearm.   Two of these bad boys and two beer for $22! What the!!!? Smoking deal!   Check it out fo' sho'!
2 It's really unfortunate that I'm giving this chipotle a bad review, because I absolutely love everything chipotle, but I've been in this chipotle twice now and both times have been a horrible experience.   Twice now I've done the online ordering from this location (it's closest to my place) and every time I go in their to pick it up, and I'm usually 15 minutes late, they never have my order ready and act totally surprised when I get there. So I have to stand their and wait while they frantically make my order and receive death stares from the other guests waiting in line. Pretty aggravating.  I gave it 2 stars because my heart couldn't come to leave 1 star for a chipotle, since it's still an amazing restaurant (just not this location)
3 So this is my second attempt for this location. I love Chipotle but the first time they dropped my food and got the salsa wrong.   The second time they charged my food and someone else's. Even though I told her what I had.   It might be because it seems really busy but it just makes me sad. There's another location less than 10 minutes away. I will probably just go there.
