5 Allen at Compassionate pets is beyond a loving and caring person. I made arrangements several months in advance for this very sad time. Which I would suggest that others do the same when you are thinking clear. My Basset Hound had become ill and was put to rest at my vet. Allen told me he could pick him up that same evening or in the morning he picked him up the same night. A few short days later my boy was ready to come home in his beautiful marble urn. Allen will answer all your questions and help you through the process. I highly recommend Compassionate Pet Cremation to anyone that has to go through this sad time.
5 I greatly recommend Sheri Allen. His patience and understanding with my husband and I were greatly appreciated. I was a wreck about losing my puppy. He walked me through the process and followed up with us even after we picked up our Dog's Ashes.
5 Our 1st experience- November 2005- my husband's beloved dog (Homer): The vet's office arranged it; though this was very painful, was very pleasant, after everything was done. Homer's remains were placed in a nice little cedar wood box and a Rainbow Bridge poem featuring some locks of his hair.   Our 2nd experience- September 2013- my beloved dog (Kia): My vet arranged it. The presentation was much more, than our first experience. In addition to Kia's remains placed in a wooden box, I also received a Rainbow Bridge poem with her locks of hair, an impression of her paw print in a leatherette case- that was very sweet, and a little seedling packet (a nice gesture). Everything was encased in a sage green pretty drawstring bag, which was presented in a black on white, paw printed gift bag. This was impressive and thoughtful. (Compared to our first experience, which seemed basic.)   I'd like to think that Homer & Kia are back together again, both healthy, vibrant, and filled with energy, and enjoying their time together, as they had before, in the past. They were unlikely buddies. Imagine a yorkie with a pitbull-lab mix, haha, funny, I know.  Losing a furry member of the family is very, very difficult (as I am typing this, I find myself tearing up again), and getting THE experienced pet cremation service in town, makes this painful process a little easier.   Professional. Thoughtful. Experienced. I am sure we will need their services again, as we cannot imagine our lives without dogs. Highly recommend this company.
5 I came here today after I discovered our dear family pet hamster, Walter, had passed on. They were amazing and caring and so helpful. They were the only ones who honestly were compassionate and wanted to know how I was doing.   I feel like for 1/2 the price of other places you get 3x the services. She treated him with the utmost respect and never trivialized him. He wasn't just a hamster to us and they really respected that.   These guys are amazing and loving during a time for our family that is very hard. Don't go anywhere else.
5 I have been so touched by the kindness and COMPASSION of the gentleman here at Compassionate Pet Cremation, anyone I've encountered here really. I have - sadly, heartbreakingly - used their services twice in just 13 months after the losses of two of my beloved Aussie girls. My dogs always hold my heart and my experience here has been wonderful with the sincere sympathy they show. I came here last year on the recommendation of my sister in law and will most certainly recommend them as well, at every sad opportunity. It's hard to lose a pet; the people who run this sweet little place know that and treat you with genuine care. Thank you, Compassionate Pet Cremation, for being such a comfort and for what you offer those of us who want a beautiful memorial for our lost loved ones. If you are looking for cremation services for you lost pet, look no further and you will not regret it.
