1 horrible customer service.  online request was very easy to navigate through and use.  was prompted to call and confirm upon completion of order.  when i called lady named "lacey" had me hold for 4 minutes then told me "well what do you want to know."  i stated "i called to confirm my order for a party in a few weeks and also to be sure i knew the dropoff/pickup time and price reflected on the website were the same."  she then started explaining to me that i would be charged extra for insurance being it was a public facility n also my time would be cut from 6 hours to 4 hours.  i explained i had already purchased private party insurance for the bounce house n wanted to know if it would be sufficient.  she rudely stated no n started going on sarcastically about how if it were at my house they would be able to do a drop off btwn 6am n 2pm n a pickup from 8pm-midnight vs if it were a public place n needed it done within a specific time frame.  but hi, no that wouldn't be ok to show up at my house at 6am or midnight to pick up and drop off anything.  i explained to her i would have to speak with my husband before going through with the reservation because the rental time change and price change.  i explained to her she shouldn't cut people off when they are in the middle of a question pertaining to their rental reservation and id be happy to get back to her later today if i decided to go with their company being how rude she was throughout the conversation.  she then said thank you and hung up on me!!!  her sarcastic remarks in attempt to explain their policies were uncalled for and definitely not customer friendly.  i really liked their selection in bounce houses but have decided not to work with them due to her lack in ability to communicate without being a witch.  hope to hear other people had better experiences with them bc its sad that they are in the kids party business with bad attitudes.
2 I took spoke with the very rude "Lacy" (it is actually Lethie).  Their prices do not refelect on line what they charge you.  She did confirm over the phone a price 1 week before the event (which was to be a company event).  When she told me I did not have the form in front of me and thought what she confirmed with me is what was quoted on the website (not so).  When they showed up with the jumper and wanted $50 more I was not pleased.  When I called on Monday to straighten things out she did cut me off and would not let me speak (bad customer service).  I feel they need to follow up with an email to confirm and not expect the customer to call for the "correct" charges.  I am surprised that they are still in business if this is how they treat people.  The guys setting up the jumpers were very good at what they did and returned at a reasonable time to pick up the jumpers.  That is the only reason why they get the 2 star rating. My company will never use them again!!! Good move Lethie (not)!
1 Booked with the online option which I thought was super easy! Then received one phone call from them while I was at wk & the lady stating that they were canceling my order due to them "not being able to get ahold of me".... After calling only one time ? Maybe with an email and a few phone calls I an see how they would cancel the order but one missed call? Really. With a week away from the party we were able to get really great customer service with Jump Around Party Jumpers
