5 If you need anything done besides pool cleaning and chemicals added, call this company. Over the years they have done acid washes and glass bead tile cleaning and have always done a good job. Most recently one of wok pots broke and they ordered a new one and replaced it without incident. They are a licensed pool contractor and you can be confident in their service.
1 The Paula D.review must have been written by a relative. I did not have such a pleasing experience. I had a hard time even getting someone by phone and no return calls when messages were left. They were quick to run my credit card for the service call, which was very high, but I have yet to receive an invoice marked paid for the work that was done. Most of their workers do not even speak English and the owner is never available, nor does he return calls or emails in a reasonable time frame. They repaired our pool equipment and charged a ridiculous amount, which again was ran on our credit card immediately. We did not get an invoice or receipt. I would like to have had as pleasant an experience as Paula D. as I am also a native of Nevada and find customer service to be lacking the bigger this town gets. We will not use them again, especially now that we have called around and found out how they ripped us off. We were desperate and jumped the gun without researching companies. There are much, much better pool companies out there with knowledge and experience, with English speaking employees.  This one falls short of this!!
1 I posted a review that somehow keeps getting removed. Lynn P. has it right. Worst pool service in Las Vegas!  Overcharges. Office staff rude. Overall stinks. Look around and you will get better service. See our previous review.
5 I yelp many businesses here in town and for the most part the reviews are spot on.  I was very surprised to read the other reviews by Courtney and Paula.  These guys have been cleaning my pool for years and have done a great job communicating as well as repairing what needs to be repaired.   The prices have always seemed fair to me.  I get compliments on how clean my pool always looks. I give credit where credit is due and tell them about my good experience at Admiral Pool Service.
