1 I went here a few different times. Fine dining? NOT! How would you like to be sitting down in a place where all they do is smoke while you eat? The waitress takes a half an hour just to come and greet you upon arrival (self-seating), not to add she doesn't even have a smile for you when she finally gets to your table. First time there I had some food and didn't feel good the next day, second time there I just drank juice/coffee cuz I was scared to eat there again. Third time I sat outside and had a glass of wine and waited an hour and a half to get my dang bill, then decided I better go in and ask for the check myself.
3 As summer's coming to Vegas, Cafe Derbi is a great place for chat,coffee and of course,my favorite, Nutella crepes! I remember going there about 2-3 years ago, before I became vegetarian, and the food was almost as good as back in Romania, had a dish with some cheese wrapped in pork with French Fries...was absolutely fantastic ! And tonight I was actually pleased to see its still on the menu, so I had to recommended it to my friends for their next visit. Tonight was just a night for wine and crepes, something that will always make me come back. As much as I would like to give this place 5 stars, I just can't ! And it's not because the waitress/bartender wasn't as fast as we would have liked to, but because of the smoke... I'm sure that if I would be a smoker this wouldn't bother me...but the thing is that I don't smoke and I hate the cigarette smoke...and here people would eat and drink while smoking, no regards towards other guests ... I'm grateful for the nice weather and their nice size terrace for allowing me and my friends to enjoy the evening outside, almost smoke free!
3 Pretty good! Although the cevape I think is better at Prince. We loved the salad and the stuffed roasted peppers though.
5 Cafe Derbi is one of my favorite Serbian place to eat, drink, and socialize with friends. The menu has a big selection of really good food and always tastes fresh. The place is also great to socialize at and to enjoy great European music during the weekends. Highly recommend this place for anyone looking to enjoy Eastern European food, music, and all around good time. :))
1 Smells like smoke wasn't expecting to walk into a bar/lounge it say cafe not night club also the workers are rude and don't welcome you. The creeps are okay and cheap but defiantly never eating her again it is totally not worth the disgusting smell and rude service.
5 Good place with frendly and smily people.Good vibe.I like the soups and steaks.There have a good garden place and u can relax when u drink u coffe.
