5 When I lived in Vegas, I used to get my hair done at this salon ALL THE TIME!  I MISS THIS PLACE SOOO MUCH!  My stylist was Melissa H. She was the best and sooo cute!  She knew how to work with my thick, wavy hair.  Every time I left the salon, my hair was glossy and PERFECT!!!   I wish I was rich so I could travel there once a month and get my hair did!! hehe  The best perk:  Free beer, wine, coffee, sangria, etc!
5 I took my friend here to get our haircut and we had the best time! Not only were our haircuts awesome, the staff is very professional and friendly. The salon itself has a hip but relaxing feel. I've tried a lot of different salons since moving to Vegas, but this is my favorite to date.  My friend and I will be going back as soon as we can!
5 I've had many haircuts in Vegas, but this is the first place I'm actually going to return to - so that says a lot ! A year after my wedding I was ready for a major change. Being the nut job that I am, I got a major cut from a stylist I'd never gone to before. Josh was great ! I came in with pictures of what I wanted and he delivered.   The sangria served while you wait is awesome, and they had movies playing in front of the hair washing station - a fun touch. I watched many ecstatic girls get their locked chopped off - a definite good sign. I'll be back next time I want a cut !
5 I've gone to Amanda several times, and each time I'm more impressed than the last.  My cut and color always look awesome!  Last week, I had the Brazilian Keratin treatment done, and it's totally AMAZING!  I used to have to use a handful of different products to keep my hair tamed, but after the keratin treatment, after just blow drying it a little with a round brush, it's even smoother than it's ever been, and it doesn't even take half the time to dry as I've gotten used to.
5 I love this place! The staff is really nice, and the atmosphere is really cool. My dresser really worked with me to see what I wanted to get done, and I love my new haircut :)  I would definitely recommend this to others, and return myself.
1 Decided to try this salon and use a Groupon. Since my other stylist moved. Say to this stylist  I like my naturally wavy hair to be tousled and no fuss and they hear straight iron and blow dryer....WTF????? When I ask why the flat iron and blow dryer he says to make sure the cut is even!! WHAT???? Practically ran out of that place. Have since had to find another stylist who is great by the way, who had to fix this mess which by the way was uneven all over the place. Looked like a cross between a bowl and a mullet. Beware!!!!!!
5 Loved the place! staff were very welcoming, both ladies that greeted me at the door offered me something to drink. The hair stylist that did my hair was very nice and accommodating. She listened to what i wanted done with my hair and gave me some recommendations. After the haircut and style, I absolutely loved my hair. She did it exactly how i pictured it and even better. I highly recommend checking out this salon. I have officially found a 'go-to' hair salon in vegas.
3 If I wrote my review the same day of my appointment, I probably would've given Hot Box 4 stars because my hair was blow dried and straightened, so it looked nice and sexy. I also had an amazing experience with my hairstylist because she was VERY knowledgeable and talkative. There was never any awkward silence or down time during the whole appointment, which is what I loved the most.   There are two reasons as to why I docked off two stars. The first reason is because I specifically made an appointment with David. I remember the phone conversation going something like this: "I'd like to make an appointment with David on Tuesday, do you have anything available?" the receptionist says, "Yes, David will be available at 12pm on Tuesday." So that's exactly what I made my appointment for.   The day of my appointment, I walked in and without being greeted, the first thing I was asked was, "Do you have an appointment?" So I told her my name and she checked me in. Ten seconds later, I am called up by a young woman, which I assumed was just going to bring me over to David. However, she brought me over to a salon chair and started asking me what I want done. In a nutshell, I never got my appointment with David, nor did I even see him around. The receptionist never gave me an explanation or even mentioned the fact that I wouldn't be seeing David.  The reason I docked off a second star is because I was greatly disappointed the next day when I washed and towel dried my hair. I guess I just expected a haircut that would still look good when my hair is at its normal state (wavy, curly, somewhat frizzy). I mean, I did tell the hairstylist that I only straighten my hair once a month....at most. I even told her that I only brush my hair in the shower because it becomes an afro otherwise. In other words, I am extremely low maintenance. The fact that my hair only looks good when it is straightened now is a real pain in the butt. When I don't take the time to blow dry it now, it just looks, well, extremely ugly.   I really thought Hotbox Salon was awesome when I went in for my cut. It seemed like my hairstylist really liked my hair and understood that it was a little crazy. Most hairstylists make a lot of insulting comments about my hair, but I never heard a single bad thing about my hair during my whole appointment. I could tell that my hairstylist really loved what she did and was very knowledgeable about hair, which made my appointment all the more fun. Unfortunately, this place is like every other salon in the fact that they think I prefer my hair straightened all the time. I actually love my natural hair (maybe not right now), but it's normally something I embrace and I never wanted it covered up with some high maintenance hairstyle.
5 Yelp 365 challenge: Review 004/365 (8/4/2011)  A few months ago, in anticipation of my LV trip, I purchased a $25 offer for a cut / conditioning / style at Hotbox Salon via Groupon.  However, after only recently hearing horror stories from others (primarily, in Hawaii salons) and even seeing it firsthand (also in Hawaii), I've been wary since then about the possibility of half-assed service via group discount vouchers.  Of course, this was nothing personal against HBS, I just didn't have any prior experience with Vegas salons (this was a day before my memorable visit to the other salon).  I went ahead and scheduled an appointment anyway, since I was badly in need of a trim.  As it turns out, Hotbox Salon is one of those business that, despite having a Groupon discount, does NOT skimp on or shortchange the client's experience.  Ellie was my stylist, and she did a great job with every service (despite my being about 10 minutes late).  First, she thoroughly washed my hair and used a Morrocanoil treatment, which was then washed out five minutes later.  Later, when I told her I just wanted a 1/4-inch trim, she also suggested fixing my layers as well as cutting off a bit underneath to lessen the weight of my long hair.  I'm glad I took her advice, because it's now so much more manageable and lighter!  I also appreciate that the comb she used doubled as a ruler, allowing for a more precise trim.  Lastly, she dried my hair, did a double-check on the cut and then styled it.  Almost a week later, I have to say that my hair and I had a quality experience here.  Ellie is very professional yet personable.  It was easy for me to convey my preferences and, in turn, receive top-notch results.  I would definitely recommend her and HBS to anyone looking for a great haircut and style!
4 Finding a good hair stylist is one of the greatest feelings in life. Once you find one, you're thankful you did and you hope you never lose them. I got my hair done by Jacqui, a cut, color & conditioning. She did an amazing job! She's young, talented and knowledgeable. One of my favorite things about her is how she explained everything that she was going to do, BEFORE she did it. At the end of my appt., my hair was nicely cut, with great color (exactly how I wanted it!) plus smooth, shiny, felt and smelled great!   The salon itself was uniquely styled and CLEAN (which is very much appreciated from someone who hates seeing hair everywhere). All the stylists who were working on clients while I was there seemed to be highly experienced and professional, but still having lots of fun. I purposely took a glance at all the finished 'dos leaving and they all looked good. It was apparent that these stylists loved what they do!   Yeah as others have mentioned, the drinks are a nice touch and the receptionist could be less snootier but the most important thing with a salon is how they style your hair. And they did an excellent job! I'm looking forward to going back again!
2 My experience was almost the same as in Jadira's review. Looked great that day, then bad bad.   My hair is pretty simple - I have long straight Asian hair. When I called for an appointment I requested someone good w long hair because so many places have screwed up simple trims. I got assigned to someone named Yolanda but got Jackie instead when I arrived. This place seems to do the bait and switch often because another review mentioned the same thing.  Jackie was very sweet and friendly, I totally loved her personality and energy. When she suggested adding long layers I told her I don't want to have to style my hair, but she insisted I wouldn't have to. Thats not what others have said, so I don't know why I believed her. So she added some layers, didn't trim off any length, which is what I was originally in for. My fault for not saying anything but I tend to be really passive when it comes to salons. They'll f*ck up my hair and ill still tip them, but I just will never come back.   It sucks because I love the salon, it's everything I love - hot pink, black, chrome, silver glitter walls, little chandeliers. And I also love Jackie as a person, but she's only been a stylist for 2 years and I think she just needs more experience. Her cut would've been good for someone who doesn't mind styling, but since I said I didn't was to, this was the wrong thing for me.  So now I'm still in search of a good stylist, I'm out some $, and my ends look terrible.
5 I've been getting my hair cut by Amber here for over a year.  Came here for the first time to use a LivingSocial certificate that I had. The place is very cool and clean.  Amber has always done a great job with my hair and I can usually get in on short notice which is huge for me.  They even serve you a complimentary drink while you get your hair cut.  How awesome is that?  I always feel like I get plenty of value for the cost of the cut, so I keep going back.
4 This review is for a haircut I got two days ago. I will update in two weeks when it has a chance to "settle down". I call this period "judgement day", as I believe a haircut's quality can only truly be judged after I've washed it and styled it myself several times. A lot of mistakes of a haircut can be hidden while styling after the initial cut. Sadly I've learned that the hard way.   I called the day of and asked for an appointment. They scheduled me for a 4pm appointment, which worked out perfectly  Amber was my stylist, and she was super nice and bubbly to have. I simply needed a trim and to update my medium length layers - nothing crazy. The shampoo service was fantastic, and there was even a little neck massage - love it!   The actual cut wasn't very long (since it was just an "update" type of trim), which I appreciated since I had to get going. Amber trimmed the ends while they were wet, then blow dried/straight ironed and did all the texturizing while it was dry. She asked if I wanted to throw some curls in my hair since I was going out later, which I thought was AWESOME.   At the end, she asked me what I thought. I asked for more layering, and she suggested that although it'd be cool, we definitely didn't want to do too much. I appreciate when a stylist is willing to reel me in and tell me what I THINK I want probably isn't recommended.   The total cut was $45, and I tipped $10. A little steep for a trim, but I think it'll be worth it if the 2 week "judgement day" comes around and it looks great.
5 I get my hair done here by Toni. She is very nice and does a really good job. She takes her time so it gets done well instead of hurrying you out. A haircut with her is $40 but she always gives me a 10$ off coupon. Which I have no job so this really helps me. She also let's you know the product she is using to get your hair looking amazing so you can make it the same way!  Overall the best salon I have been too. Other workers there are also nice and not snobby like some other salons.
5 If you want a great cut...SEE YOLANDA. She is the only person I trust with layers. Perfect everytime! Her shampoo is amazing! The salon is awesome too!!!
5 This place is all around great.  The decor is really hip/stylish, I was able to get an appointment no problem, there's great music playing, the shampoo bowls/chairs are super comfy, and they have an array of complimentary beverages...but best of all is my super awesome hairstyle and gorgeous color that I now have.  The stylist that I had, Jasmine, really listened to what I wanted and I am very happy with the results.  Everyone else that I saw leave also had great looking hair.
4 Went to Hotbox because of a Groupon offer.  Have gone to several other salons in Vegas for the same services (cut n' color) since moving here 3 years ago. Was assigned Tiffany upon arrival.  She appears young but is very enthusiastic and sympathetic and careful.  She matched up the color perfectly, cut my hair exactly as I pictured it would be and gave me a 'gloss treatment' that provided a first ever result for me.  I walked out of there with hair that was unfrizzy, shiny and healthy looking!  The shampoo bowl was really comfortable too.  Will definitely go again WITH Tiffany and recommend her and this place. Minused one star because like others, I found the receptionist to be very cool and abrupt.  Not welcoming at all.
5 Tiffany is awesome! I came in here for the first time after I purchased a groupon for cut, style, deep conditioning and 1 solid color. My hair color had so many different shades and yet she still manage to make it look great. I surely would recommend her and she is very friendly. Two thumbs up for her!!!
4 I first was introduced to Hot Box Salon about a year ago, when one of my girlfriends had them as an option for her bridal party. A nice young lady named Amber did the brides hair and I'm not sure however many other girls of the bridal party, but she did an amazing job! the bride's hair was curled very vintage like and stayed for duration of the wedding and reception!   As of more recent, I bought a Groupon for cut, style and deep conditioning ($25) weeks after I purchased the Groupon, I called to schedule an appointment. The receptionist was friendly and kind enough to tell me there was an available spot the following day. It was too soon for me to book that appointment so I waited about two weeks because of my personal schedule not because of the salon. I randomly was booked with a nice girl Tiffany.   Hot Box Salon is located close enough from where I live so it was not hard to get too. The salon is nothing like the salons on "tabitha salon take over" the chandeliers and hot pink and black decor make the salon really stylish and modern. Checking in with the sweet receptionist, she offered me a choice of wine, water, soda to drink before my stylist came. I was introduced to my stylist Tiffany moments after checking in with the receptionist. She was super friendly and excited to cut my hair! I was pleased with her welcoming personality. We discussed at her station, what look I was going for and had a quick consultation of what she was going to do exactly. I asked to cut my A-Line out but keep the length as long as possible. We then, went to the bowls for the deep conditioning treatment and let that sit for couple minutes, where she offered me something to drink while we waited for the treatment to set in. She took off 3 inches which I was fine with and proceeded with styling. I love the blow dryed hair do, only because I can't do it myself but as she was blowdrying my hair, I realized that she didn't texturize my hair which I'm use to with my previous hair stylist. (I didn't question her because I wasn't sure if that came with my purchased Groupon) I bought moroccan oil and dust both products Tiffany used to style my hair. Moroccan oil for shininess and dust that allows volume in the roots. The dust which I believe is a Paul Mitchell product has a rough kinda sticky feeling the day after use so if that is a concern do not purchase that product.   Days later styling my new hair do on my own, I should have asked for more layers. I am happy with the length because my hair looks healthier than what it was before AND the A-Line is GONE ..FINALLY! but for me the layered look I was going for isn't there. Overall the experience was awesome, friendly staff and decent price offered by Groupon. I now wished to ask for more layers.. but what my hair now isn't anything shameful.   I plan to go in again.. and get service from either of the girls I've met :)
1 Thanks to Groupon I didn't have to pay full price for this mess!  I will not be returning to this salon anytime soon and if I did it would NOT be with Josh! His conversation during my treatment was very unprofessional with his coworkers, he barely talked to me at all, and then my hair cut and deep conditioning treatment took TWO hours!   I have curly hair and he cut my hair curly then straighten it (which I did not want done) because he said he had to "make sure it was even." I think if you have to straighten someones curly hair just to make sure it's even then maybe you should only be cutting straight hair. Never in my life has anyone had to cut my hair curly THEN straighten it and cut it again! That's just crazy! And when I mentioned this to him his response was "ha ha I know what I'm doing, I do this shit all day". Lastly on top of all that mess be BURNED my scalp TWICE with the straightener.  I will never go back to him and I may never go back to this salon, but if I do it will be with one of the girls that has good reviews on here!  Other than him, the receptionist was very pleasant, she offered me something to drink, the music was good, the salon was clean and well taken care of, and they also had a sign up that said something along the lines of "If your children aren't here for services, please leave them at home." which I find refreshing because it seems like everywhere I go now a days is also a unofficial daycare!  Bottom line If you don't have Josh I'm sure you will have a much better experience than I had.
5 I have to admit, I was scared. I bought a Groupon Now for a cut, style, and deep conditioning treatment all for $25, which seemed too good to be true. But I'm on budget these days, so I was compelled to give it a go. I ended up with a stylist named Ellie. I instantly relaxed when I saw that she had amazing hair. Nothing scarier than trusting someone with your hair when he/she can't manage their own. That was not an issue here.  First was the wash/conditioning treatment. The salon carries the popular Moroccan Oil products, which work well with my hair. The treatment was exactly what my bleached out hair needed, but the best part was the super comfy wash chair. For the first time ever I wasn't squirming after less than a minute.   For the cut, I gave Ellie loose guidelines about length and for her to do something to add volume to my hair as I just don't have the thickness I once did (a real sensitive issue for me). I panicked a bit when she was done because there was a LOT of hair on the ground, but it looked good. The real test though is styling it myself after the first wash. Let me first say that I am very particular about my hair and extremely hard to please. It turns out that this was the BEST cut I've had in years. It seems like I've got far more hair than I did before it was cut, but neat and perfectly layered. It was also super easy to style. I love it!  Other plus: the salon has glittery walls. Glitter makes everything better.
5 Ok, so I have been going to the same gay stylist since I was 15. I recently moved to Las Vegas from Chicago, and took advice from a co-worker to get my hair cut from her stylist. Needless to say, $60 later I had one of the worst cuts of my life, other than when my mom cut all my hair off in the early 90's...  You all know how terrifying it is to lose your hair dresser, thank you Yelp for being here! I was running errands two weeks ago on a day off from my busy schedule, and decided it was the day to try again. I rely on Yelp for most of what I do, eat, and drink around here because I have lived in Chicago for 27 years of my life.  That being said, I came across Hotbox on Yelp and read the reviews, for those of you that had a bad experience, I feel sorry for you! I was so excited when I walked in! Although it is tough to find from the outside.   I was greeted promptly, offered several types of beverages, I chose sangria, and even though I was at minimum 30 minutes early, I was taken right away by Whitney! Boy was I lucky! I told her that I just wanted a good haircut. I didn't want to give her a picture or try to do her job. All the direction given was that I wanted to keep as much length as possible. I told her if she was good I didn't need to tell her what to do!!! She loved it! We got started and the entire process was PERFECT! She did everything she should have through the cutting process. I have worked in several salons in my days and i know what it takes to give a good haircut. I have a lot of hair that is heavy, she dried it completely which is a feat of its own, and then proceeded to flat iron and pin cut (thin) out my layers...she rocks! I told her I would be writing a review for her, thanks Whitney! You rock and I will see you soon!  I absolutely enjoyed my experience so much that I purchased $120 worth of Moroccan Oil hair products from her! She was very informative about the product, what it does, and what it is made of. LOVE!
1 I had a deep conditioning and haircut appointment with Amber the other day.  Early in the day, they called me and asked me to come in early.  So when I did, Amber still left me waiting for 20 minutes past my original appointment time.  Great start!  When she finally got to me, we talked for 10 minutes about the haircut I wanted.  I showed her 4 pictures of what I wanted and 2 pictures of what I did not want.  I was very clear that I wanted an angled bob, no layers, but under cut, so the bottom is slightly shorter than the top so it will naturally curl under.  I told her that my last haircut was horrific, so it had been 4.5 months since I had gotten a haircut because I had to let my hair grow out.  I told her I was nervous, so I really wanted her to understand what I wanted.  She reiterated what I wanted multiple times.  We talked about the multiple pictures, both what I wanted and what I didn't want.  I told her my hair was fine, so I wanted to know if the haircut I wanted would work with my hair type.  She said it would.  I told her I didn't want more than an inch and a half of my hair cut at any one spot.  I told her I wanted the back of the bob to start at my shoulders and then angle to my face with about a 2 inch difference.  She clearly knew before she started the haircut what I wanted.  She shampooed my hair and then "deep conditioned" it.  Apparently, Hotbox's version of "deep conditioning" is a normal conditioning like you would do in the shower... put it on, then rinse it right out.  Then she started cutting my hair.  I should have known when she started doing that "razoring" technique with scissors on fine hair that I should have ran for the door.  All that does is make fine hair frizzy.  When she was done, I was left with a straight bob above my shoulders that was very blunt with layers.  She cut off about 3-4 inches total, not 1.5 like we talked about.  Additionally and the worst part, starting at my ears and ending at my face, there are "wings"---these strange 2 inch angled long pieces for no reason.  The haircut was so bad and only getting worse I literally had to tell her to stop cutting my hair and get up from the chair before she did any more damage.  As I was walking out, she said, "You can't really cut your hair like the haircuts in the pictures."  Well then, why didn't you say that BEFORE we started, and why did you say you COULD cut it like I wanted when we talked?!  Are you serious?!  All I could say was, "What I have and what we talked about are two entirely different things.  I was very clear about what I wanted and the pictures I showed you.  We talked for 10 minutes."  Later that day, I went and saw my sister.  I showed her the various pictures I showed Amber earlier, and she agreed that my haircut and the haircuts in the pictures were not even close to the same.   Even more, she couldn't even begin to lie to me and tell me it looked decent---because it looks AWFUL!  If Amber sends her clients out into the world with this "quality" of service, how does she ever keep any customers?!  When I go to work, I do my best.  If this is her best work, I's be embarrassed if I were her!  If that's the case, I'd starting looking for something else to do...  Now I have to go pay someone else to cut my VERY SHORT BUTCHERED hair again.  Thanks, Hotbox!  Thanks, Amber!
1 After scheduling my appointment the receptionist called me twice for me to go in later. When I arrived I still waited thirty minutes (1 hour after my original appointment and 30 minutes after my second rescheduled appointment). The receptionist was not apologetic and the lady who was scheduled to cut my hair did not seem to feel bad, she wouldn't even look at me.
5 I went to the hotbox on advice from my daughter. Moms should listen to their kids, I loved it. The receptionist was so nice and very helpful, I believe her name is Hanna, she offered me a choice of drinks and asked if I needed anything, great customer service! My hairdresser was Amber Harlan, what a doll. She sat with me for quite some time before she started, asking me what I wanted, my daily schedule, if i was happy with my color, etc., to give me the best cut for my lifestyle. I was very nervous, your hair is something everyone notices and didn't want something I hated. Amber put me at ease right away. My hair was in bad shape, she introduced me to new products that has turn my mess around and I am loving my hair again. I have since gone back to Amber and just love her! She had me at hello!  Yes, I would highly recommend her and the hotbox.....if you are young, old, no matter, they rock!
5 This was my first visit to HotBox and I have nothing but good things to say about my experience. I was nervous after having undergone a few dreadful experiences with Vegas stylists, but my fears were quickly abated upon entering the salon. For starters the space is awesome (minus the Eminem that was playing) and the receptionist was super nice...not over the top schmooze, just nice. Which is a refreshing change from what I'm used to in the beauty industry. My stylist Ellie was stellar and even gave me a $30 discount for my next color sesh...which she's making me wait to do until my hair heals from some brutal bleach damage. Ellie did a great job on my tresses and like the receptionist, she was super cool and down to earth. I'll definitely be heading back to Hotbox to see Ellie again!
5 I love Amber :) she's great.    Salon is clean, trendy, and always on time. Everyone is really nice, prices are reasonable.  It's in a relatively new building & they play fun music!
5 Hotbox Salon has become my go-to for my hair. I bounced around a lot from salon to salon, until now! I originally came here because I got a Groupon for a special cut and deep-conditioning. I had my appointment with Toni and she is amazing. She knows hair very well, especially my wavy/curly locks that tend to distress other hairdressers. But she was not phased.  Recently I went back for a simple color, nothing crazy, just sticking to my natural brown, just a bit darker, but mostly to cover my greys. Toni was very accomodating and came in early on a Friday morning to make sure I could get my hair done with plenty of time before I had to be at work at 11:30 AM.  The salon serves up water AND coffee in the mornings. I was treated to a nice cup of joe while getting my hair done.  Also of note, the salon is very clean and I love the ambiance - the Craftsman toolboxes where the hair dressers keep their stuff is awesome. I've also always had a good repertoire with the receptionist here as well.   I will be returning here, of course, for everything that has to do with my hair.
5 I had the most amazing afternoon at the Hotbox salon! First of all I bought a groupon for a deep conditioning treatment and a cut and style for only 25 dollars, which Is out of your mind cheep to begin with, and then when I went in the protege stylist that I had been set up with was over booked (or something they never really explained it ) so I ended up with David the Master stylist and owner of the Salon.   Now  I am sure he is a busy man and he could have cut my hair very quickly and let me be on my merry way but he didn't. He took the time to do a consult and really listened because this is the best haircut i have ever had. He did exactly what I wanted and somehow kept most of the length and took every inch of dead weight off and left the volume. It is perfect. I couldn't ask for a better experience or a cleaner salon. From now on I am not going anywhere else.
5 I've been seeing Vanessa for YEARS!  She has awesome vision/creativity, and colors, cuts & styles my long, thick, naturally curly hair like none other.  I have lived in Texas now for 3 years & have been unsucessful in finding a stylist to cut or color my hair in the Houston area, so I travel back to Vegas for her to do my hair.  NOBODY touches my curls except for Vanessa the Hairdressa!
5 I had an excellent experience with Vanessa. I usually spend days researching my stylist and salon; I look at reviews, ask for recommendations, pour over websites and pretty much pontificate my choice into oblivion. It's ironic then that the one time I didn't do that I found a stylist I really like.  I have been in a sort of haircut limbo, my previous stylist is wonderful and friendly and inexpensive but too far away from my house to drive over for a quick trim. Because I'm lazy, I let my cut grow out until I looked like a Swiffer mop and then gave in and picked a salon that I see everyday on my way home. I made an appointment at HotBox at 2:30pm on a Thursday and they were able to fit me in at 5:30pm that same day. I did not expect much given the short notice but when I arrived Vanessa took a good 10 minutes going over what I wanted from my hair cut. She was able to interpret my very difficult request of "Something different but also don't change anything." She discussed color options for me even though I hadn't booked a color and really took the time to get to the root of what I wanted. She gave me, without exaggeration, the most fantastic head massage I have ever had. Now I've had a lot of head massages, I've even gone to salons who practically specialized in head massages and had fancy "wash rooms" with candles and calming music. No head massage I've ever had held could hold a candle to the one Vanessa gave me. On top of that, the cut she gave me was great. She didn't take off any length, per my request, and got rid of my very obviously layered look in favor of more subtle layers that actually give my hair body. Even better, she took the time teach me how to use products I already own and how to style my new hair cut. I was floored and couldn't be happier with how everything turned out. I already have a follow up appointment for color. Even if you love your current stylist you owe it to yourself to give Vanessa a chance; you won't be disappointed. You may just end up with the best haircut you've ever had. I give her five serendipitous stars.
5 This place is great. Was looking for a new salon last minute and did a search on here  based on reviews I ended up with David who did an amazing job with my cut and color. He also has his own hair line products that are awesome! Would def recommend this place to anyone.
5 Love David at Hot Box!!!  He is a fabulous Artist of Hair!!!   Rose
1 So my hair stylist moved to Hawaii and I desperately needed a hair cut. After reading the reviews I decided to give Hotbox a try. I called up and they were able to get me in same day, score. The lady on the phone wasn't overly friendly, but asked my price range which I definitely appreciated. I walked in about 10 minutes early and my stylist was waiting for me and took me in immediately. The place is very open and has a fun vibe and some disco music playing. She asked me what I wanted to do and I told her that I wanted to go shoulder length with maybe a little angling around my face. She was a little apprehensive at first because I was cutting 8 inches off, but I do this about every other year so I told her to go for it. She said she would add some layers too and it seemed like we were on the same page. So she shampooed and conditioned my hair and started cutting. She was friendly, but didn't make a ton of small talk so for the most part it was pretty quiet. She said that she would start with it a bit long and then cut it shorter if I wanted and I definitely appreciated the apprehensiveness to just hack it all off. Well, she ended up starting it off pretty short and just kept cutting from there. After she was done cutting, I asked her to straighten it for me. As she was blowdrying it she was making curls and said it would look really pretty that way, so I let her do it that way. When it was finished I hated it and it looked a little longer on one side, so I hoped it was just the curls and asked her to straighten it so I could really see the cut. Well she straightened it and I just wasn't sure, so I left. When I got home it was evident that it was longer on one side, by almost and inch, and the angling around my face was much longer on one side, in fact one side hit me under my chin and the other side hit me just above my jaw line...seriously!! I am pretty low maintenance when it comes to my hair, in fact I rarely get it cut more than twice a year and I am generally happy with whatever cut I get. In this case I am furious and devastated. I have a cut that is lopsided and the only way to fix it is to cut more hair, but I feel like I barely have any hair left! There are very few hairs on my head that are shoulder length, the majority are these tiny little layers. I look so masculine, almost like Peter Pan. It is definitely not cute and considering I have naturally curly hair it is almost worse curly! I seriously have never had a bad hair cut, this is my first time and I can't wait for it to grow out. I would not recommend this salon to anyone!
5 I was in Las Vegas for vacation and needed a hair change.  Read the reviews for quite a few salons, but Hotbox sounded like the best bet.  I booked an appointment with Amber.  She is so great!  Friendly, listens well, is fun to talk to, and best of all:  she gave me a great cut and showed me how to style it at home.  Shampoo, scalp massage, neck massage, great products on my new hair.  And free drinks for me and my husband while he waited.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience!  Thank you, Amber!  I guess I'll be coming back to Vegas regularly now.  ;-)
5 A relationship with a stylist is like a romantic relationship: you give and you give, you take and you take, but sometimes, no matter what you try or what the circumstances are, you have to break up. I had to break up with my old stylist when I graduated college (I'll never let go, Abby, I'll never let go) and have been desperately searching throughout many states and many home hair dye disasters to find someone who understands my hair and completes me and my look like she did. My heart did go on, and I have found Abby's replacement in Tara at Hotbox Salon.  I randomly found Tara through a weird salon scheduling website I had never heard of, only to learn that she no longer was at that salon. She called me back and scheduled me for that afternoon. I was desperate to get a cut and dye and was happy she had the time for me. I must say that I had a hard time finding it. It is in a somewhat abandoned office park, and sort of tucked behind another building to get inside. However, once I got in, I forgot I was in a dumpy recession-remnant office park. The place is decorated very on-trend, and I thought to myself, "This reminds me of Ikea." Well, when I took a sip of water that the receptionist got for me, I realized my glass was from Ikea, so there you go.   I will admit that I was apprehensive when I sat down. Tara took a while to warm up to me, probably because I had done such a crap job with my box dye, and we didn't talk about the cut I had scheduled for quite some time. Tara ended up getting advice from another stylist about what color she should use on my hair, and the result is exactly what I wanted. I feel like Kate Winslet in Titanic, actually, and I didn't realize that that was the color I was going for until just this second, I swear--my Yelp review just came full circle.   The cut is the only place I am the teensiest bit disappointed. I feel a little bit like, unless I straighten my hair, I have THE (dreaded) RACHEL. The layers just got a little bit too short and are a little bit too distant from the length of my hair. However, this is nothing I have not experienced before and nothing I can't get over. Three weeks is all it takes for a haircut to even itself out, and after the sinking ships that I've gotten for haircuts over the last few years, I can deal with one that's 90% perfect.  5 stars for Tara and for Hotbox. I think I will be happy here for a long time, or until I move from Las Vegas, whichever comes first.
5 A friend told me about this place after my regular hairstylist moved back to Canada. I was very impressed with Molly Rose! She did an awesome job with my cut and color. She is my new go-to-hair expert! I got tons of compliments after going to see her.
5 Still great cut and color from Tara! She's a magician who pulls magical gray hair coverage out of her color bowl instead of a rabbit from her top hat. For real, go visit her!
5 A few months ago I made a switch to Hotbox,I met a new stylist Molly Rose.She has given me a new look,. I see her every two weeks.I really look forward to my visits to Hotbox and getting my haircut by Molly.She is really cool and time flys when ever i'm in her chair.Las Vegas needs more hair stylists like her.   I suggest this salon to all yelp customers,the salon is modern and cutting edge!Just like Molly Rose!!!   Gary K.
4 I purchased a Groupon for $79 which included a cut, hair coloring, highlights, and a Moroccan oil treatment. I was glad I did since my sister recommended this salon, her hair always looks great and healthy.   I wasn't sure what I wanted to do to my hair so Brittany my hair dresser helped me out. Of course since my hair was really black I knew my color wouldn't come out as well. However, after getting my hair bleached it did come out really great, I had to pay an additional $50, which I found reasonable. I was going to chop off my hair but chickened out so I just got a trim. What a great way to start a New Year!   The Moroccan oil treatment made my hair feel healthy and smooth. The do sell the conditioner for $60, which is worth it because you can totally feel the difference. So ladies I definitely recommend getting the oil treatment.   As for the salon, the staff is very friendly and they have lots of stations.   Can't wait to do a touch up on my hair which is coming up soon.
5 I just did my hair. Bought a groupon. For highlights  and moroccon treatment   And haircut Molly Rose did my hair i just love it!! !  She help  giving me a natural look my hair was really damaged and she transform it i will go back for sure  staff was friendly  nice decoration :) im a happy customer !!!thankuuuuu
4 I purchased a Groupon for an all-over color and cut with Moroccan Oil Treatment.  I was assigned to Mae.  She said she was doing this for only 3 years and I remembered a review that made me a little nervous.  I was looking for a very precision cut with a pinup styling.  I brought 3 pictures.  I was also going for a huge change in my color.  She started off with a great color and cut consultation and seemed to be comfortable with what I was asking for.  During the color she did not get some on my sweater that I noticed later.  This is the only reason I took off a star.  During the cut she seemed a little unsure of herself.  Mayber she wasn't that was just her technique.  She accepted feedback when I asked her to change a few things and she was open to feedback.   I got very nervous when she was blow drying the color.  It seemed darker than I had wanted and I spoke up.  She said it seemed ok to her.  After it was dry I realized it was just my fear of change!  The color turned out beautiful!  She did say that she was going to blow dry and flat iron it to check the cut.  I let that fester for a little while.  I realized there was no way I was going to love the outcome without a style so I spoke up.  She agreed to style it.  I've already washed and restyled it, checked out the cut, and lived with it for a few days.  The color turned out beautiful.  I think I will go a tad redder next time but it is what I picked and I do love it.  I'm thrilled with the cut.  It is not an easy cut.  I made an appointment to return and they honor free bang trims in beatween.  She took some great feedback and set me at ease.  The only thing I would have to say is that her confidence seemed a little low and when you're doing a major change that can be nerve recking.  After almost 4 years in Vegas I finally found my stylist.
4 i bought a $79 groupon that included cut, highlights and oil treatment. Its been a long time since i have dyed my hair before that, so i was not to sure what color would look good. Unfortunately, i dont remember the name of my stylist but she had blonde hair in a pixie kind of haircut. She was so nice and so patient with me. I have very thick hair, but she took her time applying the color and it turned out perfect. I would love to go back, but unfortunately, the prices without a groupon are a little too steep for me. :[
5 I finally feel like I have a salon in Vegas I can go too, and not worry about who cuts my hair! Its like going in to hang out with your friends. Always do a great job with the cuts and color. Worth every penny.
5 I bought a Groupon that included cut, highlights and oil treatment.   My hair was "home dyed" dark with some gray roots.  Too top that off, I had just had a horrible (and I stress horrible) hair cut about 3 weeks prior.  My stylist, Tara, listened to my sob story and then went about saving my hair!  She cleaned up the "bad" haircut into a cute, layered look that I love and then proceeded to give me the best color and highlights I've had in a long time.  I left feeling great!  The salon was great, very cute and trendy without making me feel uncomfortable.  The staff also seemed very friendly.   I'm taking my 16-year-old in to get her hair done next week and I'll definitely be back!
5 Been searching for a salon now here in Vegas for about 4 years.  I've basically been grouponing salons and trying them out in order to find the one that I really enjoy.  My experience at hotbox was amazing.  I was early and a little nervous because the groupon I had purchased included color.  I haven't colored my hair in 6 years.  But the staff was great.  Immediately I was offered coffee, in an actual coffee mug mind you, and was treated very well.  Tara, my stylist suggested chunky highlights instead of all over color because my hair is so dark.  The morrocan oil treatment was amazing to my hair.  Checking in on yelp that day also qualified me for a free brow wax which I appreciated because I needed it anyway.  I came back to claim that deal and I believe I have also found my waxer. Hell, even my boyfriend loved her.  She cracked us up as I was getting waxed and offered us her business card and brochure an explained in detail all of her  services.  I like when salons get comfy with their customers.  When they actually listen to what the customer wants but then doesn't try to steer them into something they don't really need.  All in all, great salon.  I think my hair has found a new home.
4 Hi there, I went to hotbox with a Groupon and Tara did a fabulous job with highlights and color!  She really got it right and I am extremely pleased with the way it turned out.    the salon is has a very cool atmosphere and everyone seems very passionate and into what they do there...highly recommend it!  Melle V
1 I wish I could leave a review for the stylist rather than docking the whole salon, because the receptionist and the esthetician were great, but here goes...  The stylist I had been seeing at HotBox left several months ago, so I've been on the hunt for a new stylist. A friend directed me to Vanessa and I booked my appointment. When I arrived she was running about 20 minutes behind, but I didn't really mind so I got my eyebrows waxed while I waited. The wax was great and it was free thanks to a Yelp check in deal. Fast forward to the consult with Vanessa. Like the other Yelpers before me, Vanessa sat me down and gave my consult a solid 15 minutes and I felt like she was really listening to me. I was thinking, finally, a stylist that gets me! I told her I was growing out my hair (it's about 2 inches past my shoulders) and that I wanted boho, downtown, hipster girl hair...yep I used 'hipster girl' to describe what I wanted. When it comes to my hair I don't beat around the bush. I then showed her a couple of one year old photos of my used-to-be long hair and said, "This is exactly what I want to achieve." I then told her I like to play with my hair a lot and versatility is extremely important. I finished my hair request by telling her that the last thing I wanted was a shag. I abhor shags.   Vanessa was extremely reassuring and told me several times that I had come to the right place...so why oh why did I leave the salon with a Joan Jett, Cherry Curry era shag that mushrooms at the top and has a slight mullet feel? I made the grave mistake of leaving the salon with a 'Oh I love it." Big mistake. Lesson learned! Stand up for yourself if you hate what the stylist did. I can't even put my hair in a ponytail. I called the salon and conveyed my disappointment, basically saying, "I got a shag." Vanessa was extremely defensive and told me that she didn't give me a shag and that if I wanted my hair fixed she was going to cut off the length. Umm...what?!? I went ahead and googled 'shag' and sure enough, my exact hair style popped up in the google image search. I opted not to have Vanessa fix my hair, mainly because she was so defensive and condescending, which is a shame because I really liked her. I've never had to request a style fix from a stylist like this...and I've never been so disappointed with a hair cut. And that's saying a lot, because I once got a little boys crew cut after requesting an adorable pixie cut.
5 Highly recommended! Recently switched here after learning that my hair girl no longer worked at a different place for men that had some rather shady business practices. Made the switch to Hotbox and I'm glad I did. Yeah, the name is pretty girly, and there are some definite feminine touches to the salon. That being said, I would follow my girl Ronni to Pahrump if that's where she went (but please don't make me). She is the consummate professional and a cool all-around chick. Not like I need validation or anything, but I've had a couple people mention that I had a great looking haircut. That's more a compliment to Ronni and her desire to change things up, and my willingness to just go with whatever she says.   You can't go wrong with Ronni (or Kim) and even though it may be a little intimidating for some other guys when first walking in, man-up and grab a beer (or 3). Pretty soon it won't matter what color the place is...
5 I bought a Groupon for partial highlights, conditioning treatment and haircut! Molly Rose was my stylist. I have a lot of hair and she spent time and didn't just treat me like a Groupon customer. My hair looks and feels amazing! Got so many compliments! I will be going back!
2 I bought the groupon for a haircut with Moroccanoil and full highlights . I asked for natural-looking, sunkissed highlights and I was given a platinum bleached look instead. The "full highlights" did not include the entire bottom half of my head... Is that standard?! If I wanted only part of my hair colored, I would have purchased the partial highlights option. I don't think any Morrocanoil products were used and I didn't get the conditioning treatment which should have been included. After all the $$, hours and effort - I would have preferred to do it myself and get what I asked for.  That being said, the place itself is nice and you could probably have a better experience if you request a specific stylist.. My stylist seemed nice but she did not communicate very well and I think the problems I had with Hotbox could have been lessened if she had talked me through the process.
2 Starting with the good and ending with the bad. The salon is well decorated and had a nice atmosphere. I purchased the Groupon for an all over color and haircut. My stylist, Mae, did a consultation with me where I told her I only wanted to cut off 1 inch and add a few layers throughout my hair. Well she ended up chopping off all my hair, more than 1 inch, and gave me the worst haircut I have ever received. Even the bangs she gave me are terrible. Her lack of experience, she told me she had only been at this salon for a year, reflected in the haircut I received. The color came out ok, however, it was darker than what I wanted. On a positive note, Mae was very sweet and had a warm personality. I just wish she would have listened to what I wanted. I am very unhappy and will not be returning in the future. I guess you take a gamble with your hair when you purchase a Groupon. It is just hair and it will grow back, but now I know what a bad haircut FEELS like.
5 I called Hotbox, to make an appt. I told them I had a Groupon, and they happily set the Appt. up for me.  When I got to the salon I was greeted right away, and told that Molly would be doing my hair.  I had these really bad roots, and I decided I needed to go all one color for professional reasons.  Molly greeted me, made sure I was comfortable, and asked if I wanted something to drink.  She was very friendly, and knew how she was going to make me all blond without damaging my hair, and she did. I love my hair, and Molly also knew how to trim the back of my hair, I ware it in a bob, but it's an angled bob, and I like it short in the back off my neck, and she cut my hair just how I wanted it.   Molly is the bomb, and my husband liked her work, that we both will be back.  Thank you!
5 Got my hair done by Tara the other day.  Great experience! I told her I wanted highlights, but natural looking and low maintenance.  She suggested we do some partial highlights on the second layer of my hair so the new growth wouldn't be so obvious.  The cut was nice (just a layer trim).  The salon itself is trendy, clean, and I absolutely LOVE the music.  I've found my new hair spot in Vegas :)
1 I got my nails done by the technician here. She was very nice but her prices made me mad for a week. When you look at her menu and pricing you see gel mani $35 and Gel Pedi $45. Any place I have ever gone a manicure and Pedicure means you soak your feet and get dead skin removed and a massage. I got NONE of that. She just put the gel on and did a design that was nice but got NONE of the special treatment. I am not the type of person to make a fuss but when she charged me almost $100 I wanted to faint. I still paid it and tipped her. I was so mad about it all day and told EVERYONE I knew what had happened and they all agreed that paying more then $100 I should have gotten a massage and gotten all the dead skin off my feet. I didn't ask for a polish change. When I got home that night I looked at the menu and at the bottom is says Pedi follow up which was $25 EXTRA dollars for callus removal! I was DISGUSTED! I don't mind paying for a GREAT service but this was an absolute con job! FALSE ADVERTISEMENT! I will NEVER go to this place for anything again. Put correct prices and the front desk needs to be more informative about what you are getting when they make the appointment for you.
5 Mae, or Mason, however you may know her is badass. My gf and I found her on Groupon, which was a giant risk with (little did we know) beyond amazing results. We've been going to Mae since we moved to Las Vegas in Jan 2013. The best thing about her and her out of this world skill and patience, is her CONSISTENCY. She can and will provide a consistently good cut (and color) of whatever style you request from time to time. Badass skills for such a young age, this girl has a bright ass future.
5 I absolutely looooved my experience at HOTBOX salon. I had purchased a Groupon for color, highlights, trim and style and I was 100% satisfied with the service I received. My hair stylist Tara  was amazing. I had read several reviews about Tara on Yelp and had been referred to her by a friend, and I must say she definitely was a great stylist. She listened to my needs and made me look amazing for a 1920s party I was attending that evening. The ambiance is great at Hotbox. All of the staff there (receptionists as well as fellow stylists) are very attentive and the place is suuuuper cute. I will definitely return to Hotbox and will definitely become a regular client to Tara.
5 All I can say is AMAZING!  I got the groupon, so honestly I expected sort of sub-par service.  I got the exact thing I wanted!!  BRITTNEY is so talented with hair color!  My hair was a hot mess of bleach on top of bleach with dark roots showing for a solid inch.   I asked for "dark blonde with natural-looking highlights".  She separated my hair into about 100 different foil sections, took her time brushing highlights and low lights on.  Then of course the toner, shampoo, massage, cut and style.   I cannot believe how good I look. I seriously look like a different person, my hair looks so natural and it feels and smells amazing!!  :)  Thanks again, Brittney!  I will be back!
5 I came in this morning and was offered a coffee when I was greeted both ladies were very nice also hotbox is a very nice hair salon is very clean and girly. I bought a Groupon partial highlights and haircut. I really wanted an ombr look Brittney knew exactly what I wanted she's done it so many times. She also cleaned my scalp with some awesome scalp treatment ($25, but worth it) and Moroccan oil shampoo and conditioner left my hair feeling amazing! I would recommend going to hotbox and asking for Brittney she is perfect not only is she super friendly, she is experienced and knows what she's doing and I will definitely come back!
5 I could not have asked for a better experience! A gorgeous salon, with a friendly accommodating staff! Britney was my stylist and she did a wonderful job. She is very knowledgable about color, and knew exactly how to get what I wanted, and came up with a really unique ombre look, while maintaining the integrity of my hair. I normally purchase a groupon if I've never tried a salon before, so that way I can get a good feel for the salon without paying the full price. I'm glad I tried out HotBox, and I will be back for sure, as I see no reason to try anywhere else now.
1 I booked a last minute appointment on New Year's Eve, and josh was responsible for giving me a trim and style.  I didn't really care about getting my hair cut; I mainly went in to get a blowout for NYE.  From the get-go, I was a bit nervous, because josh barely asked me how I wanted my hair cut or styled. He just kind of started doing things.  I did tell him what I wanted, but he never asked.  He just kind of had a attitude of not really caring what I wanted, was putting in the most minimal effort possible into his job, and it just didn't really seem like he wanted to even be there.  The cut was fine, because there is just no way someone can screw up a trim.  But when I asked him to blow out my hair, and make it have volume, he did a really lazy job. First of all, he didn't even bother to blow it out. He blew dry my hair and proceeded to tease it.  I never once asked him to tease my hair, I asked for a blow out. I personally think he was too lazy to blow it out for me, and just went the easy route, and teased it for the volume to be achieved.  In the end, my hair had no volume at all, and there was no sign that it had even been blown out.  It looked like i had washed my hair and blew dry it dry.  He did absolutely nothing; my hair stylists always give me a nice blowout after my cut and make my hair look amazing.  So I'm not going crazy; that is customary.  The fact that I asked josh for a blowout specifically, and instead teased my hair, shows me he didn't care, was lazy about the whole thing, just wanted to finish his last customer, and go home.  To sum things up, josh basically did the laziest job he could, without caring at all about me, the customer. I was very upset.  I even tipped him at the end; I probably shouldn't have.  Not cool.
5 Awesome! Went in for a waxing with Tina and she is excellent !! Very sweet , great personality , and the wax was quick and painless! The front desk staff was also very friendly and helpful! I definitely will be back !
5 Best place to get your hair done. Hotbox has great, friendly, outgoing, and nice staff. I go see Mae Wissert every month and she never let's me down. Hotbox has hair and nails so if your girls needs a nail session to kill time during her haircut boom get her nails done. While waiting to get your hair cut they offer drinks from water and soda to wine and beer. What a environment. I highly recommend this place girl or guys. The price is great and can not complain.
2 First off, I wanna say this review is mainly based on the outcome of my hair and has nothing to do with the salon itself as a whole. Venue wise, it was probably one of the coolest, funkiest salons I've seen. Very hipster chic with interesting decor.   I was also greeted with a friendly face and offered a choice of hot tea or coffee.  That being sad, I purchased a groupon for a full highlight and cut. I was hesitant about a groupon however all the yelp reviews were pretty good, even the grouponees. My stylist was Kim. I asked for a caramel blonde ombre.  I had just moved from Seattle and had a go-to stylist who did an amazing ombre and cut on me every time, so I made sure to bring a photo of what I wanted.   At the end, although I was polite about it, I was not happy with the shade of blonde that it came out. And when I got home and looked closer, there were HARSH lines around my face where the ombred started, and the blonde was yellow and brasst. Not gradual at all like an ombre should be.   Sorry to say, although she was nice .. I will not be returning and probably will have to fork out $150+ for the color correction elsewhere.
5 Got a Groupon for like $75 bucks or something. Went in and was assigned to Britany to do my hair. I have ombre in my hair and was kinda over it. I asked Britany what her opinion was on what to do with my hair and she explained that we should do ombre again. She is pro-ombre and is pretty good at doing it. I was apprehensive at first but she explained if I wanted to go blonder during summer months then we should gradually get there after a couple visits. I agreed and let her do her thang. She does a freeform type ombre and followed my past stylist work. Then, I sat for a while while the dye worked. She then washed my hair and applied a platinum toner. She explained to me the benefits of Blue/purple shampoo as my hair always gets so brassy since I have moved to Vegas. I ended up taking her advise and purchasing Purple shampoo after my visit and it works great. She gave me good advise. Then, on to the cut. I was reallly nervous about getting my hair cut cause I had been growing it long. I did not want any layers as It makes my hair look damaged when I straighten it. She listened to me and just cut off a good amount to make it healthy. She then blow dried and teased it after I asked her. She was such a pleasure to work with. She is fun and made me feel really comfortable. I will definately go back to her. Great Job.
5 I love the space the energy and the service was amazing very reassuring and great stylists roni is amazing
4 Great service. I travel across town to work with a trained stylist who asks questions and cuts hair with fantastic technique. I heartily recommend Roni Hale for any cut. She takes time to get to know you and your needs. I appreciate the collaborative effort that results in a quality hair cut that lasts.  My husband gets his hair colored here as well, with consistent quality results.   There is a complementary coffee and tea bar. I've never been kept waiting and never disappointed here. I can't speak for every stylist at Hotbox, but Roni Hale is a fantastic return on investment.
5 Always love my hair by Roni! She's very professional, very well educated,  experienced specialists and I her style, she's sweet 2! Ask 4 Roni
4 Right when you walk in and check in, they offer if you would like water or flavored water or tea.  They have a little drink station to the right when you walk in.  It was nice to be greeted like that.    My hair dresser is Devon and she is the BEST.  I like color in my hair...always have.  When I came to here my hair was damaged from bleaching...I dyed it black and let it sit for 2 years.  So the bottom of my hair was still damaged but I let it grow out that long because if she had to chop all the bad parts she could and I wouldn't have short short hair.  She looked at my hair and gave me her opinion which is appreciated but also met me in the middle because I wanted to lighten my hair again and bleach it and get red in it.  She did different type of dye to get this BRIGHT red in without too much bleach.  It ended up SOOOO good!  And the way she designed it, if I part it a different way it is a different look.  If I completely part it to one side it looks like I have undertones of red.  This time I dyed my hair purple and I LOVE it.  So many people comment on it. :)  She did tell me that I will lose the blonde streaks I had, but I told her it was fine.  I love how she will explain to me what will happen (ie: I wanted purple and red and blonde, and purple took over everything but she explained she will try but even if she washes it carefully it will bleed and might not look how I expect and she really did make sure I KNEW and I appreciate that)  now she's even coming up with ideas since she knows my style and I'm so excited to try these new styles after I'm done with my purple hair...but  I still want another round of purple hair before moving on to other colors :)
4 Seriously I am in love with this place and with my hair stylist Molly. She is the most amazing stylist I could ever have asked to found and she actually cares about your hair. If you're looking for a great stylist ask for Molly at this salon!!! You won't regret it one bit. She's amazing
5 Love my experiences at this luxury spa & salon 5 star stylist hair by Roni expect the best of the best
5 This salon is AMAZING!! Every time I go in, I feel at home. Tara is an incredible stylist and colorist. She always gets my color just right, and I never leave disappointed. I strongly recommend this salon!
5 I was recommended to Jose by a friend and I will never go anywhere else again. He is amazing, I could tell right away on our consultation that he knew what he was doing and was confident in his ability. My hair is very long and thick, so hard to work with, but my hair came out exactly how I wanted it !!! Jose is an artist with your hair, the best!!! Salon is clean and staff is friendly as well
5 This place is only few blocks away from my house plus it was on groupon so I had to check it out. My stylist was Britney, and she was amazing! She cares about the integrity of the hair and she's super friendly, there was never any awkward silent moment.
5 I was looking for a new salon to give me a sassy, edgy cut and color, and boy, did I find it! Brittney Hamilton gave me the PERFECT cut and color!! And a great price too! Ive paid double at the Cromeans salon, with a less exciting result!! Thanks Brit!! You rock and the salon is awesome!
5 So the hairdresser I had b4 was a whiney,  flake.  So I looked online to find good reviews and came along Hotbox. I have naturally dark hair.  My roots were growing, I had an ombre previously,  AND had dyed my hair bright red a few months ago!!  So with all that being said I know whoever did my hair had a lot of work to do.  I wanted light brown hair with blonde highlights and bangs!   I got to Hotbox,  the receptionist greeted me and was friendly.  My hairdresser was Britney . She's AMAZING! She explained to me what she was doing,  gave me her opinion, but no way felt pressured,  was very sweet and had the best attitude ever!!  I'll be going back to Hotbox and will b seeing Britney .
