4 Yesterday I was feeling a little down in the dumps, so I got up off the couch, went to work out and stopped in for a B-12 shot on my way home. This is why I love Las Vegas, once you get over the sort of quickie theme of medical treatments, you will be pleasantly surprised. This is definitely a no frills place at all, but clean and a B-12 shot was administered to me by a nurse, in under 10 minutes and for 15 dollars. I could have done a package for 12 for 150 but I wanted just a quick fix. They offer all sorts of other things like colonic, restylane, microdermabrasian and other fun things like this.  I love this place!!
5 I went here for a B12 shot and I was in and out with in minutes. The nurse was very helpful as I had many questions for her. She answered all my questions in a professional and polite manner. I know my questions might have been dumb but I am not a nurse or Dr. so I expect an answer and she was awesome. I'll be back.
5 I called to schedule a first time appointment and had a million questions. The girl on the phone was very helpful and patient with me, even helped give me directions when I was lost. I will go back mainly because of the wonderful service.
3 My first colonic.  I had researched colonics at length, but I still wasn't exactly sure what to expect.  The first place I went to, I arrived and filled out the forms.  I asked her if I could use the restroom prior to the colonic (as I had to pee) she told me that I could just go in the room.  I was a little horrified, but told her that I'd prefer to use the bathroom if it was alright with her.  After, she led me into a room and I was to get naked from the waist down, and straddle the machine and put a sheet over myself. She came back in and showed me how to insert the "pencil thin tube" and turned on the water.  She handed me a hand massager and placed a heat pack on my belly.  Turned on Sex in the City for me and off she went.  She checked on me a few times while I was in session.     Colonics are not for the faint of heart.  I think they are pretty awful, but I appreciate that they can be very helpful especially in my situation (Candida).  It seems important to let as much water go through as possible (holding on tight) and then letting go once it starts to hurt, or you just can't hold on any longer.  The place was clean and organized, and they seem to have a lot of services.     I did like the fact that you can watch TV while doing your colonic, makes the time go by faster.
5 The only place I will come to in Vegas for colon hydrotherapy. $50 first visit, $60 thereafter. Staff is kind and accommodating.
3 My health has been pretty shotty lately and I've been tirrrreeeeeeeeddddd. OMG, SO tired.  So, to boost my energy, I decided to give B12 shots a try.  Henderson Wellness Medical Spa seemed the least sketchy spot to embark upon this quackery (or not?).  The place is very clean and newish --a good thing, I guess, if you're getting a colonic.  The staff is also very professional and not into the hard sell. They've never pressured me into other procedures and get me in and out in minutes.   I've now had two shots ($15 a piece) and I'm feeling a bit more energetic.  Probably a placebo effect, but, hey, I'll take it!
4 This place is awesome. Clean and staff is laid back.
5 Package of 12 B12 injections for $150, best price ever.
5 The place was professional and clean, the staff were very helpful and knew that I was scared out of my mind with me being a first timer.. The lady who took care of me told me she could stay in the room or leave, in which I asked her to leave right away. She gave me a heating pad for my tummy and I was there for a total of an hour. I left this place feeling young again, toxin free, flatter belly and clean on the inside. One of the best experiences ever and I WILL do this again real soon! BTW... Not one bit gross and yucky as you think it will be... Promise. And they are by far the cheapest which is $50 on your first visit and $60 for every visit after. It is well worth the extra $10 to feel totally free of ones self...
2 I had no idea what I was doing and the nurse was not helpful with information.
2 Great place to get a B-12 shots but a horrible place to use as your regular doctor. This is the kind of office that judges you instead of helps you. They do not make me feel comfortable about discussing my health concerns and even became rude when I expressed a different opinion then them.  Wasted my time and money.    I scheduled up Pap smear and medication request. When I arrived I was informed that she will hundred dollars covered one or the other but not both. They said I would have to make separate appointment to request medication. Um, why can't I handle it all in one visit?
