1 Worst place ever!!! Every time they try to fix somthing it ends up getting worse.  3 times I've had the oil filters placed wrong and had it spew out oil in my driveway.  They change my belts for "routine maintenance"....now they squeak (two years later they still wont fix the squeak).  they serviced my brakes and now one side is clicking....they just told me i need new breaks (they weren't clicking before they serviced them).   I used to use their oil change coupons but am now to the point that I'll just pay more for oil changes and avoid all the trouble.  It took me a while but I've learned my lesson.
3 Get there early. I went for an Oil change. They have 3 packages. Regular ( basic oil) to synthetic. With no waiting you're looking at 45 min to an hour. Smaller Vehicles usually needs 4 quarts of oil at the regular prices. However, if you vehicle requires 5 quarts then they will charge for the extra. Good Luck Yelpers!
1 Despite making an appointment, my tire rotation took over 90 minutes.
1 I bought one of those Tire Works peeler stickers with the intention of getting a few free oil changes. They are obviously a ploy to get you into the store. They are friendly at the counter however you are not getting any real discounts on oil changes. Go to Jiffy Lube if you want an oil change don't go there. I waited 2 hours because they didn't have my oil filter in the shop. Then I realized there was an oil leak from them not doing good work and verifying their work before they give it to the customer. So I ended up getting in a a phone call and email battle with Carmen Gomez. I tried to overlook everything and give them another try because Carmen promised a free oil change. I emailed her and even left a voice mail to get my free oil change she promised but was simply ignored.  I went to the Centennial store and tried to call her. Todd upfront even gave me her number. I was there because I had 3 cars that needed oil changes. Well they got my business for one vehicle but I realized I won't spend another dollar there. When my oil change was done one of there workers left oil on my key chain, oil on my door handle and on the inside of my truck where the door handle is and steering wheel. I politely asked Todd if I can have a rag and windex. He was annoyed that his worker had done such an unprofessional job. If you asked me, I think his worker was on drugs. They also claim they have a corporate office. However, it's just smoke and mirrors. I plan to contact the owners Roshie and Jeffrey Weightman. Please read the emails threads on my Google Reviews.
1 I have been a patron of this store since it opened and I do not know where to begin, so I'll start with this, stay away! As one other rater mentioned in another post, they keep changing managers. Because the place is so convenient I have tried to use it over the years and each time I do, i get disgusted and stop. Then they get a new manager and I try again, each time with the same result. The guys are either incompetent or unconcerned with customer satisfaction and safety.   I have had multiple bad experiences, but the one that takes the cake is when they installed new tires on my vehicle and two of them went flat while driving on the 215 soon there after. The reason for the flat tires is they reused the old valve stems when installing the new tires. Are you kidding me, who does that and charged for new? Answer above.  Be careful with these guys.
5 Andres did an excellent job fixing my slow leak, which turned out to be a screw. He also changed my oil all while I waited, only 30 mins!  The staff is very courteous & polite. I'll be coming here for all my car needs from now on!
5 Awesome and quick service!  I pulled in to have the low pressure light looked at and was seen right away! Thanks!!
1 Called to find out how much it costs to have some tires mounted and balanced. I was given a price per tire.   When I arrived in the store they didn't know what I was talking about and charged double the cost I was quoted on the phone.   I went here because the price on the phone was cheaper than the discount tire 3 minutes from my house. But it ended up being the same in the store. From now on I will just go to discount tire.  I ended up having the tires mounted here simply because it cost the same as the other local tire shops. But the wait ended up being nearly 3 hours. Unacceptable.
1 I came in 6 months ago to change my breaks, rotors etc, the entire thing cost $700. Fair, I understand cars have their problems. The man who informed me about everything they did on the car was knowledgable and polite. I come in to bring my car (5/16/14) an hour before closing time & needed my rotors rotated  & said they can't do it because they're busy until tomorrow. FAIR AGAIN so I was told to bring it in first thing in the morning when they open at 7am. & was told that it'll take about an hour for it to be finished So I bring it exactly then, the man in the front (whom I've never seen before) informs me that the mechanic isn't in. 3 hrs later I just CALL to check up if the cars being looked at, same man I spoke to in the morning answers the phone RUDE AS CAN BE. & hangs up before I am done with all the answers I wanted somewhat answered. (I get that not all can be answered since he's not the one working on it). TEACH THE STAFF TO BE MORE POLITE especially to those with warranties & paying customers. I come in to bring in business. They must not forget, their pay checks are made possible by people like me. I say this, because I work as well & I know customer service, since I work as a representative for a company.
