1 Wait time:  We had an appointment for 3 PM.  We left the clinic at 7:15 PM.  The doctor spent exactly 5 minutes diagnosing our pet.  Unacceptable for an appointment, not a walk-in.  Doctor:  The Vet spent less than 5 minutes diagnosing and did not listen to any of our concerns.  Then she left and the nurse returned with incorrect prescription instructions and medication that would have harmed our pet had we give it to him.  We got a 2nd opinion the next day to confirm our medical research from a neighborhood vet and they were shocked at the poor choice of medication.  Manager:  At the time of our visit there was no Manager at this location.  The new manager has not lived up to promises of a refund made when we returned the medication that was prescribed incorrectly.  District office:  The district office reviewed the case and decided that the Vet only has the ability to prescribe the medication that Banfield has IN STOCK and that this was the best medication for our pet.  THAT IS POSSIBLY THE MOST ASSANINE STATEMENT I HAVE EVER HEARD FROM SOMEONE IN THE MEDICAL FIELD WHERE YOU TRUST THEM WITH YOU OR YOUR PET'S LIFE.  The medication they prescribed would have been a long term medication given once a day and required liver and kidney screenings and cost us $45 in prescription per month.  The local vet we went to after, prescribed the proper medication for our pet which cost $8 at walmart and is taken only as needed with no long term effects AS WE REQUESTED INITIALLY.  I cannot stress how immature and unprofessional the experience at Banfield was.  All I asked for was a simple refund for the unused prescription and they have turned this into a nightmare.  Stay away from this company if you want the best for your pet and not just the overpriced meds they have in the back room.
4 I needed to quickly find a vet for my dog CiCi, since we stopped taking her to the vet on Ann Road due to very bad experiences with our past 2 dogs, and I decided to check Banfield out since they were offering free first time check ups.   Today was her first appointment and I personally thought they did a great job. I got her updated on her vaccination shots and signed her up on the Active Protection Wellness Plan ($30/month), which to me seems reasonable for all that they provide (free office visits, vaccinations, dental plans, diagnosis tests, etc). In my opinion, this plan is worth the money, considering how old CiCi is getting and how frequent I might need to be taking her to the vet.  The receptionist, the nurse, and Dr. Waite were all friendly and sweet to CiCi. They offered her treats and kept giving her praise on how well she was doing.  I've been reading many reviews from many different vet locations and I've noticed that people complain a lot about prices. But what people aren't seeming to realize is, NO VET IS CHEAP. So far I think what I paid for CiCi is extremely reasonable, but I obviously have more time I need to experience with them, which is why I only gave them 4 stars.  CiCi has another appointment in 3 weeks, so we'll see if I still feel the same way.
3 JK. I take most of what I said back lol. I realized that their wellness plans are more reasonable for older dogs who are more prone to health conditions and illnesses. My dog is still really young so it makes no sense to pay $40 a month when I'd rarely have to take her in. Also what they offer on the plan I signed up for is only half useful. The upside of the plan is that they offer dental care, shot updates, anesthetics, etc. but they don't offer the essential x-rays my dog would need if she ever got really sick or injured.   I cancelled my plan 2 days after I got it. Luckily they have a 10 day grace period just in case you change your mind and want to cancel. The cancellation process, fortunately for me, wasn't complicated at all though. I just had to pay for the services that were given during my visit, which was understandable.   I'm still giving them 3 stars though for their service and kindness they showed my dog. But their prices are ridiculous, as are other veterinarians. So I can't complain too much about it.
