4 My husband and I go here all the time! I must say its not that great as far as looks... But the Sushi is GREAT& FRESH, and affordable. Our favorite rolls are King Cobra & spicy tuna. One thing I love about the sushi is always real cold. We crave this place.  Don't pass on the red bean ice cream. Yum
3 We tried the teppanyaki portion, it wasn't busy so we were the only ones at the table. The cook didn't try too many tricks (maybe because we were the only ones there).   The fried rice was average The filet was cooked well.  The lobster was salty.   The service was great though and they had a friendly staff.
3 I hope this review makes sense. Sushi-Ko was good by American standards. It is the best Japanese food we've come across in the states. But if the place was actually in Japan it would be the worst Japanese food we've tried. Does that make any sense at all?  We moved to Vegas last year after nine incredible years in Japan. We've had a heck of a time finding good, authentic Japanese food. We really want some good yakisoba. I was sure this was going to be the place because, as I understand it, it is owned by a Japanese man. I was wrong--this was not the place for good yakisoba. The yakisoba was not good. The noodles were wrong. The dish was FULL of vegetables. In Japan they use mostly noodes, then some meat and then a bit of veggies. This dish from Sushi-Ko was more veggies than anything else. And the flavor was not there at all. Street vendors in Japan sell better yakisoba. Sadly, this was actually the best attempt we've seen in the states. We also orderd the beef dunburi. The beef was actually very good. The terkiyaki was just right and the meat was tender. However, it was served on FLUFFY rice!! I was very disappointed in the rice and it ruined the entire dish for me. For some reason Americans like fluffly rice. I don't get it and I don't get what fluffly rice was doing in a place that supposedly serves Japanese cuisine.  The gyoza were good but not at all like what you'd get in Japan. Sushi-Ko's gyoza was made in a like a crispy fried shell. In Japan they are served in what is more like a noodle. Think of it kind of like a ravioli. It wasn't what we were used to. I prefer the noodle version but the gyoza was still good.  I ordered the smoked salmon sushi and was very disappointed. It was not like any smoked salmon I ever got in Japan. Not even close. Plus, it had a funny chemical taste to it. It did not taste fresh at all. The California rolls with  crab were actually very good and worth the extra money for the real crab rather than immitation. But finding good California rolls in the states is not an oddity.  Overall I was very disappointd with the place. If you've never tried authentic Japanese food then this place will probably be a treat.  However, if you've been exisiting on authentic Japanese food for the past nine years then you'll notice that this place is like all the Chinese places in the states--totally Americanized.
5 The service here is fantastic and friendly; attentive and prompt. The food is fresh and very flavorful every time. It keeps me having to go back whenever I can. Of all the sushi places I've checked out, this is one of my favorites. It gets busy at peak hours, but there's hardly a wait time. The atmosphere seems to border both classy and casual and is very comfortable.
4 The names of everything are a bit hazy due to my uh...alcoholism. Normally I dont eat Sashimi, i dont even enjoy it texture is not what i'm used to and have been trying to get used to it for 5+ years. The Garlic Tuna is WIN just pure unadulterated WIN. I'd put that garlic sauce on my corn flakes, if i ate corn flakes.  I cant remember anything else cept it was good
5 For the only review so far that deserves  5 stars.    A staple of any and every time I go to Vegas to visit friends and or go partying.   The staff is amazing, always super friendly, talkative and always trying to hit on my girlfriend. Which I don't mind.   Ive been here a good 5-8 times since I found out about this place from a friend that lives there.   The sushi is ALWAYS amazing, never fishy. The garlic sashimi, jalapeno sashimi, and something orgasm sashimi are hands down the best I've ever had. The sake is decently priced and the last time I went there it was 20% off all sashimi, 70 bucks for 3 people in including sake, and beers.   All in all, if ever visiting Vegas take a trip to the north side and stop by this place, you wont be disappointed.
5 Shitface below me definitely said it right this place deserves the 5 stars the fish has always been ahmazing and the staff super friendly and who can beat the price... We live in long beach and cant even find a sushi place that can hold a candle to this place in the middle of the desert... bizzare
5 This is truely is one the best sushi places in sin city.  If dressing up in your sundays best and drinking some douchey cocktail is your thing by all means please refrain from gracing us with your presents.  However, if your a fan of fresh sushi that boast quality nothing short of impecable swiming in delicious creative sauces on a bed of thinly sliced diagon radishes this is the place for you.  As simple of a combination you can get. Top quality ingrediants, friendly service at a great price.  What else could you ask for?  I owe that fat mexican Jason R 2 spots below me for taking me to this great vegas establishment.  Krazy sushi is my favorite place but sushi ko does provide a very close 2nd. If you disagree I'm sorry, but you just don't know jack shit about raw fish.
4 On a whim, we went there for dinner one night.  I read the reviews here a few days ago and decided, since it's around the corner from my place, "why not?".  We headed over for a late dinner and sat down for teppan.  This place is awesome! Their food is so well seasoned that I didn't even use the sauces that they provided.  Their tempura shrimp was great too! Large, perfectly cooked and yummy!  The teppan guy, Ron, was funny and entertained us the whole time.    If you want great Japanese food off the beaten path, try them!  They are worth it!
5 This place is exquisite. If it were anywhere in the CA Bay Area people would be beating down the doors to eat here.  No, this is not your traditional Japanese place, and I'd like to think Ive had a lot of authentic Japanese cuisine.  But I would be stupid to compare Sushi-Ko to a "traditional" place.    (This is a response to the disgruntled reviewer below who was looking for yakisoba and gyoza... HELLO- did you try ANY of their fabulous rolls?? oops....sorry, I think I inadvertently called you stupid. )   Sushi Ko is great in that its food is completely NOT traditional.  Its edgy, new, and enlightens my tastebuds.     A lot of similar nouveau places in California (Ive mentioned this in an another review) TRY to do this, but the execution is poor and sloppy -- as in they just slather rolls with mayo+sriracha and charge you 14 bucks.  This is NOT how Sushi Ko does it. Their sauces are unlike anything Ive tried and the combinations of flavors are delightful.  And the fish freshness on west coast standards was excellent.   I know its a bit of a trudge from the strip, but if you are anywhere out there, go to Sushi Ko. Ask what kind of rolls they recommend.   It will be good.
4 I used to live 10 minutes away from this place and my family and I made it a weekly lunch stop on our way to head to Henderson via the 95 to visit family.  I always ordered the spicy chicken/teri beef combo.  The spice may be too powerful for some so if you're not a big fan of spicy, make sure to steer clear.  The teri beef was a bit on the sweet side, but nothing that was terrible.  My wife usually ordered the shrimp udon bowl which was also pretty good.  My kids enjoyed the Hawaiian Sushi, which is basically your typical ahi sushi roll topped with spicy tuna.  It was their taste of home away from home.  I haven't been back since I moved back to Hawaii two years ago but a good friend of mine called me a few weeks ago asking about the "sushi place on Craig" that I always raved about.  I got the report back from him and he gave it two thumbs up as well.
5 didn't think i would find a good sushi place in vegas.....well, i finally did!! the service was excellent, sushi was fresh, price was reasonable, and everyone at the restaurant was super friendly....i love it! try the baby lobster roll (i think that's what it's called)...Deeelish!
4 Good food. They have a unique menu. Their shrimp yakiudon is da bomb. Service and staff are excellent. If you are in the area you must try this place.
3 I grabbed some sushi and rolls for lunch today, and the one pet peeve I have personally is avocado in rolls.  Also, their sushi is definitely made for American palettes.    The shrimp tempura roll wasn't what I expected.  It had the sweet soy sauce on top of the roll and avocado and cucumber.  I'm used to yum yum (spicy mayo sauce) inside the roll instead of that soy sauce on top, so I wasn't happy with it at all.  Shrimp is sweet as it is, and that particular sauce was way too sweet for me.  Their tuna sushi is good, and their crab sushi was good, too.  I am picky when it comes to sushi, so I'll stay away from here if I am looking for just that.  They are good for teppan off the strip, for sure, so I'll keep this as my teppan stop near home instead of my sushi stop.  I know people will disagree because they are used to their personal types of rolls and sushi, but the way that they make theirs is not what I'm used to from home or eating in Japan.  Also, I hate avocado in sushi and rolls.  It's a no no for me.
5 Excellent and prompt service. The owner greets and remembers all his customers. The food is fresh and delicious and the prices are very fair. Good sized portions.   Certain specials and discounts tend to pop up everyone now and then as well.
5 I am not a regular to sushi, but when I do partake I enjoy a place that gives me an experience. This place is one of those.
2 Sushi-ko is within walking distance of my house.  Ideally, I could take my dogs on a walk, stop by Starbucks, and then swing into Sushi-ko for an occasional Japanese lunch.  Except that the food is mediocre.  I've eaten at Sushi-ko twice.  Both times the service was great.  The first time I had what was supposed to be Yaki Noodles with Chicken.  They served me LO MEIN with Chicken.  Uh, okay.  It was slightly greasy and I ate about a third of it before passing on the rest.  The second time I was going to a little get-together and decided to surprise everyone with Chirashi, (an arrangement on a rice bowl using various cuts of sushi.)  I phoned in for pick-up and gave them the benefit of the doubt that maybe the sushi bar is great and the kitchen is just so-so.  After paying a bit more than I wanted, I opened up the Chirashi box and it was TINY and uninspiring.  One piece of octopus?  Two pieces of Tuna?  Really?    I really wanted to like this place, considering the walking proximity they were to me.  But with two sub-par experiences, I'll reserve my sushi cravings for Hokkaido or Ichiza.
5 Our favorite spot to go in the Northwest. We started there when it opened and it is a mainstay for us at least once a month. Consistently excellent. Fred (the owner) takes great pride in bringing in the best quality cuts of fish. The Blue Fin rocks. Great roll selection...and man ,,,you cannot beat the Steak and Scallops Teppan grill dinner. Always our favorite. We bring in friend from out of town regularly and they always ask to go back to Sushi Ko when they return. And if you like Sake...you must have the unfiltered cold house sake. Incredible
4 We tried this place today after reading about it on yelp.  We liked it. We had golden dragon roll, spider roll and a spicy tuna roll all good and 20% off between 11.30 & 5 :) also had salmon and yellow tail sushi mm mm very fresh.  The miso was the best I've ever had.  Great service too.
4 Great place for lunch. Loved the Lunch specials.
5 Fabulous service, fresh uni and anago...yummmy!! Was looking for a place to take my picky parents for some good sushi...JACKPOT! My mother, who always has some complaint, didn't have a bad word to say! Great sushi, delicious miso soup and the cucumber salad will have me coming back again and again!
4 mmMM mmMM GOOD! The sushi rolls here are T-A-S-T-Y. Everything I tasted was yummy, but what stuck out to me the most was their Rock and Roll series which come rolled in a cucumber sheet. This was a first for me and has now become a new favorite. The Bay Area has a good selection of sushi but now I'm on a new hunt for cucumber rolled sushi. Yes, it was THAT good.
2 The food was fairly good going down but not coming out.  I don't know what else to write that would be helpful other than I spent a good amount of time in the bathroom after eating this food. I didn't throw up or anything. That probably would have been more pleasant since it would've been over and done with expelling my food within a few minutes but it didn't come out that end. Instead I spent 2 hours going back and forth from the bathroom until I was on empty.  I wish I could remember what I ordered but I came here a couple months ago and just now am getting around to writing a review.
5 Been going here for years!  It's near the northwest, so it's super convenient.  My two favorite rolls are the Bonzai and the Lisa Lisa.  The service has always been great.  They've always remembered me and are very friendly.  The sushi chefs are funny and great to talk to as well.  Never had a problem with this place everytime I've gone.  I've always ate at the sushi bar, but a couple months ago I tried their teppanyaki.  Just as great :)
3 Table cooking Service was slow salad sucks but not a major problem. Had steak and chicken on entree cooked very well and one of the better ones I've had more entertaining chefs overall good dinner.  Sushi  Not the best and considering this place is not ayce will not try the sushi bar.  Had the Godzilla roll figuring my boys would eat it as well but I Barely wanted to eat it.  They also had oysters on the shell and these were great some of the best I've had in this town.  Fresh creamy right size almost made up for an extremely terrible roll.
5 This place is one of the first and only places i order sashimi from, it has some of the best teppan food ever!!!! And I love the special rolls that are on the menu. The boss, Fred is also one of the friendliest guys i've ever had the privilege to get to know
4 I order take-out from Sushi Ko frequently...it is saved as a speed dial on my phone.  :)  My usual order is always ready when they say it will be.  I always receive a friendly greeting as I walk in.  Agreed that the Lisa Lisa is my favorite roll too.  I only live a few blocks away and I have yet to make it home without sampling my rolls on the way.  Delicious!
5 Food was awesome. Staff was amazingly friendly. Stopped here on our way through back to carson city. Will definately eat here again when we come back to Vegas.
4 Fire Starter-Tuna, Little Tokyo Special, Rock and Roll #2 and Spicy Tuna Mexican.  Great take out service and  great sushi!  I have tried many other places in town but always come back here!  Great combinations and always tastes fresh.
4 Good sushi here. I'm a big nigiri fan so I come in lay down my order and in a few minutes there's a buffet tray of assorted sushi in front of me. I'll  The quality was better than an AYCE place but the prices were decent. The chefs are willing to make changes or special rolls if you ask. The teppan is pretty good too, also reasonably priced. Make an effort to socialize and be friendly with your chef, it pays off.
5 Great sushi... Great teppanyaki... Kids love it and so do the  adults
5 Sushi Ko is awesome.  Whenever I'm in Vegas I'll drive 20 miles from Green Valley for their food.    The terriaki salmon lunch special is unbeatable for $8.95.  In LA you'd pay at least $12.95 for a bento like this and you'd be lucky to get anything close to the same quality.  And their chirashi sushi is a work of art.  Fresh and delicious!  See the uploaded photos.  Friendly, attentive service.  We see the owner every time we're there and he always stops by the table to say hello.
4 I really, really like this place.  There is a very large variety of different types of sushi, with funky names like "screaming orgasm".  Each dish has enough sushi to feed at least two people.  Seating and service is immediate.  It is very easily accessible, right off the 95 fwy.  If you're a sushi lover, this is a place to go.
3 Sushi: Unfortunately this place isn't AYCE (all you can eat) so I'm not sure how this place cam compare to a lot of good sushi places without converting to all you can eat like most places. Their sushi is decent I'm not much of a roll person but my favorite roll is at this location out of all the sushi places I've been. The Bonzai roll which is a salmon, crab meat, avocado, deep fried and and served with creamy tangy sauce.   Teppan: This is the only sushi restaurant I've seen with Teppan which is a style of Japanese cooking where the chef cooks in front of you. Which is a pretty neat experience, most of the time these chefs are super social so they're not just chefs but also cooking entertainers.  Customer Service: The customer service here is pretty decent, expect one time I had a hard time flagging a girl down to refill my hot green tea and also had a hard time trying to get my check.   Location: This place is right off the free way of 95 & Craig which makes it a prime location also its in a busy shopping center and on the far side of the shopping center so people passing by can see their sign on the side of their building.
5 This is one of my FAVORITES...Great service and food everytime!!
3 I have a soft spot for this location as its where my GF and I had our first date. The staff is pleasant and always willing to make a suggestion.  I've eaten a lot of sushi since moving to Vegas and this is a great above average restaurant. I know they dont have all you can eat but hey, you get a freshly made roll with out a whole lot of rice and they dont short you on proportions.   If you are in the area stop by and give them a try.
3 So here is my take on Tepanyaki. I understanding going in that most teppan is various meats doused in soy/teriyaki sauce. I get that. Tepanyaki to me is about showmanship at the table and not necessarily the quality of the quality of the food (although it should not complete garbage...). Here basically the showmanship was lacking.   The chef was completely uninteractive and the fanciest thing I saw wad a grease fired on the table. And not even in an onion volcano. Don't get Tepanyaki here. There are better places
5 They serve best miki rice (they call it Sushi-Ko rice) in town, period. Their hospitality is unbeatable. We've gone two years without eating there (we live across town) and the owner still recognizes us and greets us by name.
5 I don't know why the other review was so disappointed with the teppan. The onion volcano was there with a bang and the prices of the teppan specials are amazingly affordable for an impressive meal, both in food and showmanship.   This place isn't AYCE but the sushi is so fresh and well made that its worth the price. It's one of the few places that actually know how to take care of their fresh fish between shipment to serving.
5 Excellent quality sushi! This has now become my regular sushi restaurant and I intend to try the hibachi in the very near future. Kudos Sushi Ko!  Update: Family had hibachi on Christmas Eve 2013 and it was excellent. We also come here for sushi at least once every 2 weeks. There El Diablo roll is my favorite of all time but mind it is very hot so be warned. Love love love this restaurant!
1 Let me start by saying the main reason I didn't rate this place higher is because none of the dishes had been washed on our table when we sat down.  Not dirty dishes, I am talking about chunks of food still stuck to the plates  You can imagine, finding something like this just before you were about to eat RAW FISH that depends on being clean and freshly prepared, I am surprised at myself I even ate here afterwards, but I had a few people with us.  The rolls had some really strange flavors I could not identify, the spicy tuna roll and scallop roll tasted funky and bitter right off the bat, no one wanted to finish them.  A few of the other cut rolls we ordered were just put together poorly, and fell apart as soon as they were touched.  I needed a spoon to eat them.  The spider roll was another strange bitter taste, not good.  Volcano was good for a finish, but by this time everyone was afraid of their rolls   I don't give a lot of bad reviews, but this place deserves it.
5 Just had an AWESOME lunch with friends. Godzilla roll, Bonzi roll, Volcano roll, screaming orgazim (a pile of tuna and stuff), Sushi Ko Rice. UN-FREAKING believable. Everything was fresh and yummy. Service was perfect. Not to distant, not on top of you all the time. And simple hand motion got you the attention needed. Even with a sense of humor....during the lunch rush. We won't wait so long to go back again. Total bill, including beers and saki....$64. A value in my book any day.
4 MMM MMM GOOD!  Now that's some yummy sushi!   On my lunch break I had originally planned to check out this Indian restaurant around the corner, but alas, they were closed.  I started to head to some fast food and I spotted this little gem.  boy oh boy I'm glad I did!    Not gonna lie, I was slightly worried before walking in that I was going to spend an hour and half here to get seated, order, eat, and pay (happens A LOT at sushi joints); however, that was so not the case. *smiles big*  I was sat down at the sushi bar within 30 seconds of walking in and given a cucumber salad (FREE) and my beverage within 2 minutes of sitting down.  Then, I took a gander at the glorious menu!   The menu had wonderful pictures to accommodate the majority of the rolls that were offered on the sushi list which made happier than a pig in...well you know :)  I found something that sounded and looked appeasing and put in the order.  Within about 6 minutes my delicious looking rolls sat before me in all their glory, needless to say I dived in an attacked them! The red caterpillar roll (which I added spicy mayo on top of) was so fresh, and ever so tasty; I was so thrilled to discover their spicy mayo didn't taste like something that fell off the back of truck and sat in the sun for days.  The spicy tuna roll was as expected, fresh with a nice little kick!   I got my bill, paid, got my change and was out of there in a flash.  The entire process was less than 30 minutes cost about 15$ and was worth every yummy bite.  Don't pass this place up, who knows maybe I'll see ya there next time!
5 So Good , OMG very fresh.. Was a little worried about the place had a friend say it was horrible but not sure why he had a bad experience but will come back again. mm, mmm
1 We have given this restaurant a lot of business and this last time was extremely disappointing.  We ordered $100 in sushi to go and got 5 bad fish taste out if 7 rolls.  I called and wanted to let them know but was basically argued with by the girl on how their fish was good with zero complaints..  I then asked if she was going to do anything about it or if they were going to loose a repeat customer and nothing was offered to make it right.  I'll comment again if my family gets sick.  Never Again!!!
2 About 2 years ago we were frequent customers of this place....like once a week.  We got to know the waitress pretty well.  The food was awsome and the place was PACKED!  Well we ate there so much and kinda wore it out.  Unfortunately Sushi Loca opened up not too far away and I think it stole all its customers.  Friday night we thought we would give Sushi Ko another chance.  The place was pretty empty for a Friday night.  Tepanyaki tables only had one couple sitting there....looked so sad.  The food was pretty bland.  We ordered fried rice-bland, teriyaki beef-teriyaki was so sweet :( and a couple rolls-one 911 with the tempura on the outside...left your mouth waxy.  The only way to explain it.  Anyways, needless to say it was a "blah" visit.  Probably wont go back till I forgot how "blah" it was.    Like I said, something happened to the place-new owners? Sushi Loca down the way?  Either way not sure if we will be back any time soon...unfortunate.
1 My boyfriend and I visited sushiko on 9/22/12. We ordered the two item lunch special. The food was unremarkable. We were unable to get the gyoza because we do not eat meat. The chef gave us a little extra salad (even though the waiter was adamant that he would not do a substitution (which was fine).  We were happy with the extra salad, however, that's where it ends. I clearly ordered a spicy salmon roll (repeated it twice). When the waiter brought me spicy crab, I asked why.  He said "because that's what I wrote down."  He very begrudgingly offered to bring me spicy salmon. I was already tired of the crappy service and didn't want to make a scene or disturb the chef, so I just kept the crab. THEN as my boyfriend was eating his salad, he found a piece of plastic in it.  Disgusting! There are SO many better sushi restaurants in town, DO NOT EAT HERE!
3 I had lunch here last Sunday with my little one who was in the mood for some sushi. I hadn't eaten here before but decided to try it anyway. The place was practically dead when we arrived, in fact we weren't even sure it was open. This wasn't a good sign on a Sunday afternoon. They did get busier by the time we left, so busy in fact the sushi chef was working faster than I've ever seen one work. We ordered the Little Tokyo Roll, a Lisa Lisa roll and a Japanese Lasagna. The portions were substantial and tasted delicious. The server was quick to refill our drinks and get our bill, which I totally appreciate. The reason I'm only giving it three stars is because there was no complimentary edemame, which is an essential in my book when you sit at the bar. it would have also helped cope with the lengthy wait time for the sushi rolls to be prepared. There was also a technician there working on one of the tepanyaki tables in the middle of the dining room, which created an unusual atmosphere. The clientele that ventured in were also reminiscent of one of those "people of Walmart" emails. My daughter expressed fear when one burly guy with black teeth sat near us.
4 The owner is a sweet man.  The staff is attentive, polite, and very pleasant.The Beam Me Up Scottie is like an upscale Scooby Snack. And you can't just eat one. The lunch box specials a giant and come with a variety of treats, along with your choice of two or three main dishes. I get the shrimp tempura and a chow mien or the beef broccoli. They come with soup, salad, sushi, potato salad, rice. A lot of food. Super yum.
4 Yummy! I would've given it 5 stars if the waiter would've had just a little personality!
2 I used to come to this place all the time in high school, but recently shit's got weird.  I went here after work and sat up at the sushi bar. There was only one other person in the place but the waitress still managed to ignore me most of the time.   The chefs were very nice and thats really the only reason I gave this place more than one star.  my utensils and dishes were dirty, I thought the sushi was pretty decent and okay. Until I went home and got sick. Yuk..
4 Best sushi, best service and best bar. Recommend the Spicy Tuna Tutaki Roll. Have new half order menu, try many different rolls and none over $7. Delicious!
1 We just moved here.  so comes the challenge of finding great places to eat.  We were craving sushi so we went here due to reviews.   The restaurant was nice and clean.  We were seated immediately.  The waiter was very friendly and helpful. It took us a while to decide what we wanted to eat.  They handed us 3 menus!  The sushi selection is huge! I did love that everything was pictured so you could see what you were ordering.  The calamari tempura was delicious.  They also gave up some soup.  We aren't sure what kind it was, but it was pretty tasty, too.  We ordered combos B and D so we could sample several different flavors.  It had various sushi and nigiri sushi.  We were a bit disappointed.  The nigiri sushi didn't seem very fresh.  And the flavors were what you would expect from a buffet, not a sit down restaurant.  Overall, I think we will keep looking for a sushi place.  Just wanted to add on that the next day, my husband and I were both very sick.  Should have known better than to eat sushi that doesn't look fresh.  Ugh.
5 It's only been one time but we know we will be regulars! The less than $7 add outside drew me in but my fiancé and I ended up ordering the 3 item dinner special ($16) which is worth it since the 2 item is $13. Their teriyaki sauce is thick and doesn't have an overpowering flavor like other places. Chicken is tender and juicy. Beef isn't dry like what we experienced at the nearby Osaka. Salmon teriyaki was good too! Yakitori - with grilled onion - yuuuum!   We also eyed the family at the teppan grill and the chef was entertaining and friendly. Overheard that he came from Nobu - must be good! Their food also looked good and we will be sure to try that and review it next:)   For their price the amount of food offered is well worth it because we had a second dinner to take home:P Staff is very attentive and friendly. Love it here!  ++Update: Had my second go today but this time I called in a pick up order after work.  They have an awesome lunch menu which is the same as the dinner specials but for a couple bucks less and maybe 2-3 items less than dinner (I just noticed because I got yakitori but for lunch its not on the special..you can order it full price 2 pcs for $4 or something).  The amount of food you get for the 2 item lunch special is huuuuge for the price of $9.  It even comes with the soup!! Other places get lazy and don't include soup on take out.  Horrray Sushi-ko!!
4 Great sushi bar great staff highly recommend
2 I've had way better for much cheaper.  I had great expectations for this place, but it failed to deliver.  Maybe I ordered the wrong rolls or maybe I just didn't get a bunch of beer and excuse the poor service.  We ordered take-away baby lobster roll and the spicy spider roll. Both tasted ok, but nothing to write home about.  Here's my issues :  The baby lobster roll is made with crayfish, not lobster.  I'm sorry, crayfish is NOT baby lobster.  It's a completely different shellfish with a very different flavor.  I was not impressed.  The spicy spider roll was in fact spicy, but it didn't have deep fried soft shell crab, it had imitation crab! If I'm going to be paying 30 dollars for two sushi rolls, I want them to be the real deal, not cheap and bad-tasting imitations.  There was one little deep fried crab claw sticking out to fool me into believing that there was real crab in the rest of the roll, but I pulled them apart and found no other crab.  What I did find, however, was raw chunks of carrot and yellow bell pepper, which was kind of unappetizing.  It really threw off the flavor of the sushi.    The worst part was that we got take away because we left our new baby at home, and we sat there waiting for our food for an HOUR.  This was so disappointing.    On the plus side, the people getting teppanyaki looked like they were having a great time.
5 My Vegas friend brought me here a few years ago, and it left quite an impression. So I came back recently by myself, and it did not disappoint.  I come here for the sushi I can't seem to find anywhere else (at least not in LA).  I love their jalapeno sashimi in particular, and the fried ice cream is awesome! This is making me hungry again. Might have to do a Vegas trip again soon!!!
1 it sucks! I had been waiting for half hour of waiting for my food. it comes nothing, but who came in after us got food. OMG, I really dont like their service. my friend asked for coke for twice, they still not bring it. then we got mad and left!!
5 Sushi ko is my go to spot for sushi in the city. ALASKA ROLL & SAN DIEGO SALMON... mmmmm! I cant wait to go back for more!
5 Surprised this place only has 3.5 stars! I come here often and it's always great sushi and great place to bring a date for the hibachi.   The toro here on weekends is a serious must.   Try the new el diablo roll!
5 Kudos to the chef! This has been quite a pleasant experience not only did I witness my first salmon being chopped right in front of my face but I also got some useful information about the fish. The chef was so nice I felt the at most comfortable.. thank you :)
5 I try to have lunch at Sushiko at least once a week.  Went for lunch today and it was the best ever.  Staff is amazing and the "El Diablo" created by Fred, was the most amazing roll I have had yet.  If you have never eaten at Sushiko, give it a try.  They will make you a repeat customer!!!!
4 This places food is very yummy but sometimes the service isn't very good.  I have called a few times for pick up and the female who answered was very short on the phone;  almost rude. Otherwise, this place would have gotten 5 stars from me.
4 Love sushiko! Always very fresh and delicious. I've gotten take out many times on my way home and it's never been a disappointment.
5 Smoking Aces #1 is the bomb! Always fresh - the sashimi is the best I've had. They don't just stick a piece of raw fish on a blob of rice.  Their sauces compliment the type of sashimi you order. Have tried other places and always come back to Sushiko!
1 Didnt even go in! I called ahead and asked for the price of teppanyaki and the girl (melody or Melanie. ..not sure) who answered the phone was extremely rude and rushed me off the phone. I thought maybe I was overreacting so I had my boyfriend call. Same thing happened. Go somewhere else For Sushi... or tell me when that girl has been fired.
1 Me and my husband went in today for sushi , the food was good , except they take FOREVER to get the food but it's a okay sushi restaurant  . The young lady working had HORRIBLE customer service , walked in and ignored us completely , after she sat us down she did not take our beverage order . So then she came back and asked us , after we ordered food she kept bringing our plates and just throwing them at our table ! There was to a point we were going to leave Because awful service !! I do not know why they would have a person with such rude service , makes the restaurant look bad ! Although we asked the old lady to help us out and she was very friendly and made up for the rudeness of the young lady . She was very helpful . I know I will not be coming to this restaurant  again , they need to teach these people how to be NICE at least not fucken  RUDE !!!
1 I went there yesterday, pretty busy. Food took quite awhile to come out, the two for one special was VERY misleading! The service was good, an older lady messed our order up, but another one fixed it immediately and took over. Good team work, but no thanks on the food.
1 I decided to try this place again. The owner or manager is awful...gave us a free sample but then charged us. The service was okay, but seemed like they were very short tempered and unhappy. The food was decent, ordered their El Diablo roll... wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be. Saw dead roaches by the tables. DISGUSTING. The staff turn over is ridiculous, completely different from the first time I went in.
3 Having lunch before work.  Only come here for the lunch teishoku.  Usually get 3 item with the special $1 California roll. Today came at 130 and I'm the only one here. Lunch rush already gone. Never had the tempanyaki here. Friendly staff but seems they always have someone new. They always fill up the drinks which is nice cause u don't have to ask. They also have 2 televisions on sports channels.
5 Really fresh sushi! Ate at the sushi bar area. AWESOME SERVICE & SUSHI CHEFS! Thanks for the great experience. Every time I come visit I'll now know where to go for great sushi and service!!
5 Mel is without a doubt the best hard working person there, I'll go back everyday just to receive her amazing customer service.
5 There must have been a bit of a bump in the restaurant with bad staff for a little while back there, looking at all the bad reviews, but since I decided to visit last week I was relieved to see that the staff was either new with genuinely friendly people or better trained.   Whatever the case, the food was as great as ever. Their fried rice is a new favorite. Its also one of the few places I can get uni sashimi at its freshest.
3 Neighborhood sushi place with good deals.  Like the 2 for 1 hibachi.  Teppan chefs are cool and do it well with decent meat and fish.  Seafood is always fresh and rolls, although not extraordinary, are very well done.  Service is good and prices are fair.  Sushi bar is lively and nice selection of beverages.  Good place to go if you're nearby.
4 Came here for Teppan based on a flyer I received in the mail which boasted a 2 for 1 price. The price was lower than the average with the same quality. The food was as expected (Miso soup, salad with typical dressing) and the chef we had was entertaining. Also, the chef was friendly to the family sitting adjacent which had some children who were demanding. The only negative I would say was that the hostess/waitress was unfriendly, and always seemed in a rush which made it hard to relay I needed a refill on my drink while she ran by me.
