1 I've stayed here for the past 6-7 years and I have watched this place deteriorate into a seedy brothel.    WARNING!  You WILL be called on the phone by a prostitute in your room.  I promise!  It's happened the last two times I've stayed here (once at 3am).  This place is HELL!  The only reason why I've stayed here is because they take dogs.  Now I'm finally done and will NEVER stay here again.  This last time a prostitute was staying next door (she was walking the parking lot looking for clients!)  SERIOUSLY!  Look somewhere else.  Anywhere, just not here!
1 We had to book a room here at midnight after having some altercations with our original hotel plans.. It was dirt cheap but obviously you get what you pay for...the room made you feel depressed and dirty. However, the customer service at the front desk was great. They were very friendly and helped us out with whatever we needed. But honestly I would never ever stay here again.
5 Our room was like 40 bucks. costs 10 bucks in a cab to get to the strip and we still had plenty of money to play with in Vegas. The staff was super nice and we felt welcome.  See ya next time!
1 Where do I even begin?  Normally when my husband and I go to Vegas, we stay here because its cheap and right off the strip. We have never had any problems and that's what I was looking forward to this time, especially since it was 4th of July weekend. Unfortunately, not the case this time.  We had reserved a room and left out of here a little later than expected. We called them on the way up to Vegas to let them know we were on our way and to see of we needed to pay for the room at that moment. The lady on the phone told us "no, you can pay for it when you get here by cash or card." After an exhausting drive, we pull into Vegas at 3am. Head straight to the motel to pay for our room. They gave it away an hour before stating that our card wasn't working and they tried it 3 times and they have no other rooms available. Not sure if its policy not to call people when this happens, but they didn't just the same. Upset and tired, we started heading down the street when my husband decide to pull into Excalibur and get us a room there for the night. Later that morning around 11:30 we head back to the motel6 and pay for the rooms we initially wanted but we needed to wait till 3 before we could get our room. After sightseeing for a bit, we head back to the motel to get our room. Were told we wanted a first floor room since we have kids and they gave us a 2nd floor room. Whatever. We get in our room and turn on the ac...doesnt seem as though its getting cold. Hubby says just wait a little and it will get colder. After a couple hours, room still isn't cold. We head back down to the front desk and they tell us sorry we have no other rooms available. So we demand a refund but they only give us back a refund for the next day, not even a partial for the day we were there even though we were there a couple hours. We headed back to the Excalibur and stayed there the rest of the time. We called the main number and they told us they couldn't do anything that it was up to the manager at the location who is nothing but a rude bitch. I've never heard of a corporation not having say so over their locations. Never again will we stay there or at any other motel6.
5 We stayed here in Dec 2012 & had a dog with us.  The staff was friendly & didn't blink an eye that we had a Pittbull with us.  The rooms & outside area were clean & quiet.  We just stayed here again (with no dog).  The rooms were remodeled to a more modern look.  Looks great.  Everything is still clean inside & out just like last time.  The first non-smoking room we had had a strong smoking smell (SEMA show people just left the same day).  We were quickly changed to another non-smoking room that was much better (smell wise).  Later that night the office called to make sure we were ok with the new room & if we needed anything else for the night.  This made me feel like we were in a 4 star HOTEL.  The customer service, cleanliness & quietness is why we stay here...the new room look was a bonus!
1 No stars! Horrible! I Don't care if it is pet friendly! I'm telling you now, this place is the slums  It's broke down and dirty!! I don't care how many "UPDATES" they do to the place,,, it's bad. Rooms are tiny! No accommodations at all. Ugh! Never again! (Prostitutes and drug dealers hang in the parking lot)
1 You get what you pay for. They don't offer soap or shampoo. They're very rude, and don't even try checking in before three. They beds are a little hard. The floors are hard wood which is fine. Remember to lock your doors because if you don't and some customer is drunk or retarded they will try to come in. Yes, this place is inexpensive but save your sanity and go someplace else. Down the street is a convenience store, don't go there they nickel and dime you as well. No prices in the store so be careful. Welcome to Vegas!
