5 I can't say enough about Dr. Tran and his staff!   I have severe dental anxiety and from the moment I met Dr. Tran I have felt more comfortable with him than I have with any other dentist.  He is very gentle and really does his best to keep the procedures as quick and painless as possible. I always feel that he genuinely cares about my comfort and he's not just trying to sell me more services.   The staff in the office are also so amazing. I am usually really upset when I get there (even with the Xanax he gives me!) and everyone is always nice. They go out of their way to make me feel comfortable and always explain every procedure. They answer all my questions and don't get upset if I need a few minutes to relax during the procedure.   I never have to wait more than a couple of minutes when I get there and checking out is always a simple process. And the billing staff is also so understanding and willing to work with you on payments.  If you need a good dentist I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Tran and his staff. I have never had such a good dentist and will continue to see him even if I don't really want to! :)   PS: he also provides emergency care and his office is very prompt about returning phone calls.
5 I look forward to coming to the dentist's office because of Dr. Tran and his wonderful staff.  The booking process was very smooth, the front desk staff is always warm & accommodating, and I was seen almost immediately after I checked in for my appointment.   This was my first cleaning after 2 years, so it was not easy. Lynn, my dental hygienist, is wonderful and kind. I have never felt comfortable talking to any of my previous dental hygienists about my concerns or asked any questions regarding gum health but with Lynn, we talked and talked. There is a TV that you can utilize to distract yourself and yes, you get to control the remote. The cleaning itself was not as bad as I thought it would be and Lynn used a numbing gel on my gums since they were already inflamed due to my previously poor dental care.  I had to receive the Level 2 cleaning, unfortunately the dental terminology has slipped my mind.. but they made sure to check what my insurance covered before offering it to me. I liked their up-front honesty since it has to do with your finances.  I also saw Dr. Tran that day and received his advice on my wisdom teeth. He is a very nice, patient, and great doctor as well.  After seeing Dr. Tran, Lynn took my x-rays and then advised me about proper brushing, flossing (strangely, none of my other dental hygienists have ever advised me on this), and an electric toothbrush recommendation as well.   I was prescribed a mouthwash to fix my gum issue and I ended up purchasing the Oral-B electric toothbrush she had recommended from their office as well. After being very motivated to perform proper homecare by them, my gums now do not bleed when I brush and my teeth have never looked better. Plus, I LOVE my Oral-B electric toothbrush. Be sure to ask them about it when you visit!
5 Staff is professional and friendly, my appointment always runs on time, scheduling is easy and convienent
5 I've never been to a dentist office  that is a friendly as All Smiles Dental. Dr. Tran is so nice and patient! He made sure I was comfortable the whole time, I was getting my  fillings done and always checking to make sure it I didn't feel any pain. The staff showed me how to brush my teeth right and made recommendations so i don't have to come back for more fillings in the future.  :P  I'm from California and my dentist isn't up to date on the equipment like Dr. Tran. I'm so glad I only live 3 blocks from his office now!
