1 My bf and I decided to try Serrano's because it is very close to where we live and based on the previously good review on Yelp. It is a hole in the wall with decent prices and good service, but the food was so BLAH! I may be biased having grown up with homemade Mexican food, but I find it very hard to make flavorless Mexican food, which this was. I had the menudo which was was neither good nor bad, until I got sick on it. My bf had a carne asada burrito which he said was "ok." We both agreed that the chips were not good at all; seriously, how many Mexican places make crappy chips? VERY few. The salsa bar was also quite sad.  Serrano's redeeming qualities are its good service, the fact that they make their food upon ordering, and its horchata. The blandness and fact that I got sick are enough to make me not eat there again though.
4 We felt so lonely for home when we moved here in 05.  Found this place by accident. Now I can honestly say I feel like a party of the family.  I fell in love with the food and bring my whole family here.  I dont really care for the menudo or the tamales (sorry Mr Serrano) my son gets the quesadilla with carne asada and fries. Mom gets the caldo de res, hubby gets chile colorado. I get the taquitos. Everything is really good ...if I had ever had a problem with the food, I just tell Mr or Mrs Serrano and they fix it quick fast and in a hurry for me.  Try it, and if you dont like it they will make it right.  As soon as I go back to Vegas...Im going to say hello and have dinner with my adopted extended family.
5 I love this little place, I have been here several times and they never cease to impress me.  At first, one thinks that they are entering the average, everyday taco shop but at Serrano's, they take care of you.  After you enter, if you're not sure what you would like to eat, you can have a seat instead of ordering at the counter and the server will bring you a menu and chips with salsa while you read it over.  They will take your order at either the counter or your table and they have an awesome little salsa bar.  The Flan is amazing.  I highly recommend this place to everyone looking for a little taco shop with an extra flare of class.  Definitely a step above the rest.
5 I love this place. I come here with the co-workers at least once a week. From the outside it looks like a normal taco shop, the food however is anything but. The caldo de res is just stupid good and the albondigas is litterally the best I've ever had. It looks like the cook ran to a farmers market to buy the vegetables fresh each morning just for the soup. The other food is quite good and always made to order. Not your typical cheese covered run of the mill usual offerings. The salsa bar here is worth a visit alone. For what its worth there is usually 4 of us that go to lunch and not one talks nor offers another a taste of eachothers food. I f they expanded to my neighborhood in the SW I would probably have to start paying rent there.
5 ordered some tamales and Mr Serrano was cooking tem when I came to pick them up. I was expcting frozen! When they were done he even showed them to me,,,, I almost devoured them right then and there. Needless to say they were amazing!
5 This is a wonderful little family owned business! Their food is fantastic and the folks who run it are so nice. I Am fortunate to work in the same plaza as them so I  get to enjoy their food all the time. They recently catered lunch for our office, and did a great job. This place is the best and all of our employees eat here constantly.
3 Chips kinda blow, as does the salsa...  But the customer service was pretty kick ass... it was only three tables an a couple of take outs.. but they paid attention and I have paid a lot more for what we got... Menudo... my moms is the best hands down... but I liked this one... they give you enough pepper and lemon t make it taste good. the siete mares aka 7 seas was kinda weak ,but for under 10 bucks it was good!
5 I really enjoy this place, and have made it almost a weekly lunch spot since I work close by.   The food is awesome and the service is impeccable.   I will agree with some of the other reviewers that the chips are not the greatest, but I'd rather have a good meal then good chips any day.   The Basa filet and albondigas are staples for me. But the beef tongue tacos are excellent as well.
5 This is a gem of a place and a real family owned business. They serve generous portions and are extremely friendly! The best part is the fantastic flan and I was told that this was a recipe that has been in their family for 30 years. This is an authentic Mexican restaurant with great food. Try it - you won't be disappointed.
5 Their food is really good, service is great and prices are very reasonable. This is a must go everybody :)
5 Took the family here.  I liked it.  Food took awhile but it was great.  Very nice people.  Family run.  I will go here again.   Plus, harbor freight is right next door !! Update - Have been back 3 times.  Every time was good.
4 In a world where anything but 5 stars is bad, this is 5 stars. In a world where 5 stars = incredible food, this is a solid 4-star spot.  Expansive menu, friendly service and excellent prices here. I had the cheese enchiladas (my baseline for Mexican places) and they were a bit bland but good. The chips and salsa are BOMB. After a few bites of the enchiladas, I covered them in salsa and NOM NOM NOM.   They have fountain Coke products,which is a huge plus in my book.  I will be back again soon!
5 We come here every single time we come to Las Vegas! Sometimes more than once a day! You won't find delicious Mexican food like this anywhere else in Vegas! I highly recommend coming for breakfast for their Chilaquiles!!! AMAZING! And I just about had everything on third lunch/ dinner menu!  Service is amazing and a great family owned restaurant! Try it out you won't be disappointed!
5 WOW!  I have been to many Mexican restaurants and this one is amazing!  Great food, clean, fast and amazing prices.  Very friendly family owned place.  I love their Melanisa de Pollo con Tamal.  Huge variety of dishes to choose from.  This place is a must if you like Mexican home cooking.
5 We are from California and were looking for a good Mexican restaurant, this place is great, the food is really good and fresh, the service is very friendly, I had the chilaquiles and they were great, my fiancé had the carne asada plate, the meat were very tender and cooked to perfection. We are definitely coming back next time we visit Las Vegas.
5 Awesome food, quick service, and real sugar coke behind the counter. The food portions are a bit on the large side, and the salsas are excellent.
5 Amazing service! And the food is bomb!!! Love it! The fried ice cream is to die for!!!
5 Amazing service!  Unbelievably polite and fast service.  We called in with some questions and were explained everything about the menu. Food was so good, this place exceeded our expectations. We are definitely coming back and would recommend this place to everyone. Such a great family run vibe.
5 After years of business trips to Vegas, I finally, FINALLY, found an authentic Mexican restaurant. While it is pretty much necessary to have a car to get to this restaurant from the strip, it's worth the short drive if you don't want a gringo nacho platter like you find on the strip. This is a family-owned restaurant with a fresh-made salsa bar and entrees that taste like they come from Mexico. I had awesome fish tacos for lunch, and the flan for dessert was superb! The restaurant is by no means fancy, and is in fact a casual spot within a strip mall area. If you've got a nudge for real Mexican food though, this is the place.
5 Family owned Mexican food stop, fresh salsa bar with a good variety, beats the heck out of the other chain just down the street. Clean interior that is well lit and cooled with ceiling fans during the hot summer months, nice subtle decor, comfy booths. I've eaten here there or four times, and never been disappointed, always leaving fat n happy! Just had a breakfast burrito with chorizo, enchilada style, and yum yum yum!
5 This place is amazing! We have many options for Mexican food in the area and we always decide on Serrano's!!!
5 This restaurant is quickly turning me into a regular. The food is always great, and the service never fails to match. I've ordered here quite a few times now, and the service and food is always better than the last. I don't think in any of the half-dozen times eating here that there is anything bad that I could say about the service or the food.
