2 Don't get me wrong, I like port of subs, just not this one. Stay away.
3 This is an ok Port of Subs location.  My hubby loves Port of Subs, so we eat at them regularly all over town, whenever he gets the craving.  Some are yucky, some fantastic, but this location is right down the middle.  The staff at this location are very hit and miss.  Some are friendly and welcoming and some seem bothered you are making them work.  The store is clean and usually very well kept.    I am boring and always get the #1. I call it the Italian meat buffet because it is loaded with pepperoni, salami, capicolla, ham, and provolone on bread and it is fantastic.  I am drooling just thinking about it!  I am kind of anti-veggie, so I go with just the meat, cheese, pickles, extra mustard/mayo spread, and all of the seasonings.  It is tasty!  My hubby always get the #2, which is the turkey, ham, and cheese.  He loves it and is always a happy camper afterwards.  I guess we just know what we like!  I like how everything is sliced fresh for your order.  The veggies, even though I don't eat them, all look fresh and much nicer than the veggies at that other chain sub shop.  The bread is always flaky and fresh and tastes great.  They always have a huge selection of sides as well with about 10 chip types, cookies, and brownies.  I am just happy with my jalapeño chips though and really haven't tried the other items.  My hubby likes their cookies and brownies though and he gets at least 1 every time we are there.  Overall if you want a sandwich quick, this is a great location to grab one and go.
4 I love port of subs and this one is very clean, professional and the sub was excellent.  I recommend this location to any one in the area.  Clean, bright and well lit with a very clean bathroom.
2 Yikes! I had high hopes for this place, and I was disappointed.  The customer service was awesome, which is what the 2 stars are for.  The food was not good.  Less quality then Subway.  I got a vegetarian sub on wheat.  The bread is horrible.  no strong and thin almost.  The veggies were ok.  My mayo was kinda warm? blahhhh! Not very good at all, I will not go back.
