4 I think I like Timbers so much because it reminds me of home.  They have great food, which really surprised me.  When I first walked in I thought, "Oh, great.  It's dark, smokey & there are weird people playing the slot machines."  And then I remember that I live in Vegas now.  It's a tad expensive for my taste but the quality of the food totally makes it worth it.  Plus, they regularly send coupons to our house & that helps with the cost.  You can play video poker & watch any sports game you want.  They also have great happy hours & late night specials.  Now I'm hungry....
4 Like the food, its usually consisitant, but I think they have a new cook, and my husband got the Mountain of Nachos last night, well, usually he can't even finish....well, the portion was really cut down!  Not enough chicken which was a $ upgrade, and never enough cheese, so....really?  Whats the cost in chips??  Not worth the price.  But....that being said, the food and service is always good, thats why i still give it 4 stars.  The smoking, we HATE!!!!!  If there were a better non-smoking resturant closer with the same $$ and food, we'd probably stop going.
2 The TV's in here aren't arranged well, the food was lame, the bartender....Alisha was wicked nice. I would go again if my plan was to just drink beers and play the bar slots but for all other bar and grill purposes I'll go elsewhere.
5 Timbers...... You had me at your Pitchers.  Then, just when I thought our romance couldn't be true, you whispered "I have wings".
2 Very expensive bar. Food is mediocre at best. The pool sticks are all destroyed and the waitresses could care less.
1 Being born and raised In las vegas I've been to bars all over this city, this is the first one that's tried to charge me for a drink while I'm playing.  LAS VEGAS BAR STANDARD IS 1 Drink/ $20 played.  I've never been told that because I happen to drink Crown Royal that my $60 in a machine isn't worth 2 shots and a beer. This is rediculous as far as I'm concerned.  If you're looking to game, do it somewhere else obviously this place is counting it's pennies so hard that they can't even afford to take care of serious gamers.
5 I love Timbers, they always have a fun and friendly atmosphere. The food and bartenders are great. They have everything you could want in a local bar; gaming, sports, and great happy hours & late night specials!
3 Walking distance to my apartment. The service is ok . The food is really good . I reccomend the sliders or fish and chips are really good. T.V's are kinda small for a sports bar and grill. I go back for the happy hour 2for 1 bud or margaritas .
1 Worst service in the northeast had to go to the bar after waiting 20 minutes for our drinks then the waitress comes to the table and refuses to serve me when I asked her why it took so long when we were the only customers in there her excuse was she is new. The bartender told us the drinks were made but she hadn't served them and he didn't know why and said he would serve us after talking to him but another 20 minutes passed and the waitress came back and wouldn't even acknowledge those of us at the table that spoke up.
4 Good food and good service (ask for Cindy, if she's there!).  We come here for lunch from work sometimes.
5 Timbers is a great cozy little spot that is perfect when You just want to grab a quick little lunch that's delicious!  The waitresses are all super friendly and bring their A+ game! Thank you Timbers for great food and great service! I Love your beef tacos and chicken fingers! Yummy!
