5 We've stayed here several times over the last few years and have never met nicer people--and that includes the security and the gardeners!  In the first few days of this last trip, we had to turn down offers for wine and dinner (from residents we'd only just met!) because we'd made plans to attend shows. Whether it's walking the dog, riding our bikes, or hanging out at the pools, people always wave, speak, and are very nice.  Not only do the current owners here love it, but it seems that others do as well--four lots have been sold in the one week alone that we've been guests here. It is close to so much--we jump on the bikes and ride across the street in one direction to a huge shopping center with restaurants, a Target, Petco, Kohl's, Cost Plus World Market, and Starbucks. The other direction, about a mile away, has an Albertson's, restaurants, and pet grooming. Also, it's so quiet here--both night and day--and the grounds are beautiful and well-kept. The bathrooms are clean, no trash anywhere, and there is 24-hour gated security (they also patrol the grounds on a regular basis in carts). As for the type of rig you have, there are all sorts in here from Marathon/Prevost to Winnebago; ours is a 2008 Itasca. And just so you don't think I'm blowing smoke... Woodall's gives it 5/5, and both Trailer Life and Good Sam's give it 10/10*/10.
5 The Best Breakfast and Lunch place in town.  Litle dinner but huge dishies..........    WOW!     Plus  Plus   Plus    Plus   Plus     No one will go away wanting to eat any time soon!
5 Excellent place!  Quiet...nice considering the raucousness of the strip!  Love all the service personnel, the guards, the other camping guests!  Very much a great place to stay when you visit Las Vegas.  If you are planning on visiting in an RV, check it out!
4 My husband and I stay here EVERY time we come to Las Vegas.  It's beautifully maintained in a gorgeous setting, and has 24 hour a day security.   The staff is very helpful and friendly, as are the permanent residents.  My one criticism is that their Internet connection is worse than terrible.  When you are here for business and need to stay in touch online, it's impossible.  We were able to connect once at molasses speed.  Having said that, we'll be back on our next trip.
