3 Everyone needs a local Chinese take out place close by.  Baidu China Bistro is mine.  Its right across the street from my place, so it's where I go when I want Chinese.  The veggies are always fresh and the service is fast and friendly.  I when you call them, it seems like they are at your door within 15-20 minutes of ordering.  Their food has always been consistently good and the prices aren't too bad.
5 Yum!!!  I'm from the East Coast originally, and rarely got to experience anything but greasy, down-home good Chinese food, and nothing is wrong with that!  However, now on my recent health kick, I've really enjoyed that Baidu is nothing like that. Everything that it offers is super fresh, flavorful and surprisingly limited in grease factor.  I love their vegetarian options and their veggie dumplings, chinese seasonal greens and shrimp and eggplant are especially great offerings!!! For meat lovers, their plain chicken wings are incredible as well!  I live about 15 min. away, and they still deliver quicker than most places near-by. The service is always friendly and the delivery girl is very cute. :)  I love this place and it is my favorite delivery Chinese restaurant from which I order at least once a week.
4 If you are looking for some good standard Americanized Chinese fare, this is your place.  Though not particularly "authentic", it gets the job done.  $32 with tax for 3 items of take out for lunch.  With a local mailer coupon, one also can get a free order of chicken chow mein!  They also have very inexpensive weekday lunch specials if you are living or working in the area during the week.  The food is prepped when ordered, so if you are impatient when taking out, call ahead.  Otherwise, hang out at the butcher next door and check out the meats while you wait.  The dine in option looks decent enough for a casual meal.  Nothing fancy, but tastefully decorated.
3 Just like so many other smaller "Mom & Pop" places in town, I've noticed the quality slipping of food at Baidu with the hard times. It used to be so fresh and nonrant.-greasy, and now it is more bland and definitely tastes reheated and not fresh. I always order the same or similar dishes and could really tell the difference the last two times I ordered--I really do hope that Baidu goes back to its old freshness standard or else I will have to start looking for a different neighborhood, local Chinese restaurant.
4 As American Chinese restaurants go Baidu is pretty good. It's conveniently located right across the street from where I live and is a little less "junk foody' than a lot of the Americanized Chinese food I have encountered since coming here from Australia. (US Chinese food is, I feel, a few notches more Westernized than what we got back home).  I particularly like their Orange Chicken and Beef Chow Fun, though the "sweet and sour" dishes can be a little oddly textured and over-battered for my taste.  Overall though the food here is great, I just wish the menu had a larger selection.
4 I had the general tso's chicken here with brown rice.  At the time, I was eatting a lot of brown rice so I appreciate that this place has the healthy portion and food option.   My husband liked his meal as well, and he often says that we should go get chinese food there.  If i were to pick between any of the chinese restaurants in the south side of las vegas I definately would pick this place.  Good food, nice staff, and relaxing atmosphere.
5 I've never ate at the restaurant but have ordered for delivery quite a few times.  The lady taking my order is well understood compared to other chinese restaurants.  The broccoli beef, combination chowmein, and shrimp in lobster sauce are our faves here.  Very delicious.  Delivery is quick too.
2 After my dental visit, we got hungry and Roland was in the mood for chinese noodle soup.  We went to Rice N Noodle, but after looking at the menu, the noodle are the chow mein/lo mein, and not the noodle soup that he was looking for.  Then he spotted Baidu, in which there was a big sign "Gourmet Chinese Food" so I gave a nod of approval to  stop and look at the menu.  When we walked into the restaurant, it looked decent.  However, after looking at the menu, it's freakin' american chinese!  Dang it!  Because we were pressed for time, we just had to grab a quick bite here.  Roland ordered a crappy soup with noodle...oh wait, it's the house special soup with noodle, and sure was special, specially horrendous.  When I go to this kind of american chinese places, I order the orange beef.  Hot Wok always let me order the orange beef lunch portion, but when we asked if we may order this here, the response was "not possible."  Whatevs.  I ended up ordering the safest choice I could find that I may enjoy, the crab rangoons.  Even then, they were crappy. The cream cheese was not creamy.    The only positive thing about my lunch experience here was the waitress.  She was quite nice, but never again will I come back.
2 I mean its Chinese takeout so honestly my expectations are always really low......but i am now just mad at myself that i spent 20$ on almost inedible food ....i ordered delivery and got the calamari (which does not travel well i know, but i had a taste for it) so it was a little mushy but more annoying it didn't have any flavor at all i would go as far as to say it was frozen......and the Mongolian beef was NOT spicy like it says , and it was kinda of slimy texture ....i dunno man maybe it was just my experience but if your in this area and want Chinese takeout i know for a fact theres better places than this one.....i believe in second chances so ill try again because it has 4 stars  but i  gotta say i dont think there will be much change : /
1 They don't have BBQ Pork? Really?  $3 delivery fee  no thanks
5 I found Baidu China Bistro after a major pregnancy craving for Chinese kicked in. I wasn't in the mood to drive all over town in search for some good take-out, so I narrowed the search down to restaurants that delivered. After perusing some menus, I decided on Baidu. I called and had a little difficulty understanding the guy on the other end of the phone, but after some repeating I got my order in. He quoted me a 35 min wait time. Sure enough, 30 minutes later there was a knock on my door and my food was waiting.   The food was delicious and exactly what I was craving! Not to mention, the price was reasonable. If you live within a 3 mile radius the delivery charge is just $2. Anything over that mileage and it's an extra buck. We were right on the cusp of that, but they ended up just charging me $2.   I will definitely be ordering from Baidu again!
3 Eaten here twice, both times consistent and fresh. Good flavors and the vegetables are quality - no babycorn or water chestnut fillers in the noodle dishes. Very clean, spotless dishes. (sounds weird but it is notable)  Food: The Singapore Mei Fun was great, as were the Chicken w/Garlic Sauce and the wildcard: a 1/2 order Orange Chicken Combo Special (6.95 and the size of a full order at any other Chinese restaurant) which comes with broccoli, a spring roll and your choice of rice. Brown rice is available for an extra $1.   Service: Absolutely everyone I've interacted with at this restaurant is really cheerful and helpful, the waitstaff filled our water glasses at least 5 times over the course of our last lunch there - not so much because we were parched, but because our glasses were 2/3rds full of ice. They could make their job easier by putting less ice in their water glasses but they choose not to cut that corner and for that reason I think service at Baidu China Bistro is exceptional. 5 stars for service. You can tell there is good management here - the morale seems to be very high. No grumpy chefs slamming their woks down on the burner here!  Nice to find another good Asian eatery in the SW corridor when we need to run to Party City or Best Buy down on Rainbow/215.
1 Possibly the worst Chinese food I've ever had.  Orange Chicken and Sesame Chicken were way below average.  No vegetables..just heavily breaded, heavily sauced, fried chicken.  I guess I could say the Orange Chicken did taste like Orange..and the Sesame Chicken did have Sesame seeds on it.  so..if that's what you want, then that's what you'll get.  I did like the spring rolls..they were the best part of the meal.  Save your health neighbors..go to the Volcano Grill.  Fresh meat, and vegetables grilled without breading, without heavy sauces.  A variety of fresh made sauces.(yum yum sauce!!) a much better, tastier, healthier option. I love your typical heavy fried Chinese dishes...but after eating that very ordinary food...I was pretty mad at myself.  Won't happen again.
1 I was trying place a delivery order and WOW the person on the phone couldn't even speak english!!!!  How am I supposed to order food if they can't even understand what I am saying.  I'm not tyring to be racist, but come on!  Get someone that can speak English and understand English to take the order!!!  I repeated my phone number and my address 10 times and she still coudn't get it!!  I even spelled it out and she still couldn't get it!!!!  Please put someone on the phone that speaks English!
3 Their Hong Kong style crispy was really good but cheese rangoon might as well have been a dessert (how is this a side?).  Another bummer is the $10 minimum for using a credit card (I added the rangoon to address this minimum charge).
4 I stopped in here in desperate search for a Chinese Restaurant, because the one I frequent closed its location. I'm glad I did! They have the best Hot and Sour Soup I've ever had. They had perfectly fried egg rolls and delicious Orange Chicken. They even had a special order $8.00 worth of food and receive a free drink. I will definately frequent this location. I ordered to go, as in a hurry with work schedule, and I was in and out in less than ten minutes. Courteous and attentive staff, fairly decent seating area, and very clean environment. I will definitely be back.  The only downside is they advertise the BEST ORANGE Chicken and well it was good but it wasn't the greatest, they should advertise their Hot and Sour Soup as the Best in Town, because it is.
4 I always order the same thing at Baidu, so take that into account with this review.  But my usual order is delicious, and just as importantly for a Chinese restaurant, consistent.  Their scallion pancake is a stellar appetizer, a Szechwan specialty that can be challenging to find in Vegas. Thin pastry layers have green onion flattened in between them. It's maybe more of a frybread texture than a flapjack. It's served with a soy ginger dipping sauce that's best used sparingly.  Pork fried rice is my favorite Chinese dish. I know that's not very adventurous, but I don't care. Good pork fried rice is one of life's simple pleasures. Baidu's is, for starters, served in portions that strain the sides and top of the to-go cartons. The pork is mostly lean and a rich red color from the BBQ treatment. The vegetables are cooked to tenderness, like in a pilaf. The rice is just the right mix of fried and moist, with enough seasoning that you don't need to add soy, I find it well complemented by the searing hot mustard available on request.  My new go-to for Chinese.
4 Overall I was pleased. I am still on the hunt for really amazing General's Chicken. In the meantime, the General's Tso's Chicken here was still very good and the portion was really large. This will be my safety school that scratches the itch until I find the one I am looking for. The quest for the best General's Chicken continues...
5 My family and I have been coming here for years. It's not busy whenever I go in which I like. The service is great. It's always the same guy and he is so nice and gracious! He pretty much runs every table and the whole front!  The food is really great! Always great soup, love the egg rolls and the sesame chicken was soooo tasty!!!  Highly recommend!
3 It's a good place to get some chinese food. The place offers plenty of seating for casual dining. I ordered mine to go. I ordered the sweet and sour chicken with brown rice. I love the fact that they offer brown rice here and also a special low calorie selection of food as well. Their egg corn soup was also delish. It was filled with a good amount of egg and corn for you to enjoy. The ingredients in my sweet and sour chicken meal were all fresh and hot.  Their service is also wonderful. They are very helpful and friendly.
4 We live right around the corner, so it is very close and convenient.  We go there for lunch or dinner and I have even ordered their party trays for my parties.  Food and service is really great.  Whenever we have the need for Chinese food, we are there!!
4 Stop by this place on a whim.  Ordered the Mongolian Beef and Orange Chicken (white meat, which is nice).  The Mongolian Beef was very tasty.  But the Orange Chicken could use a bit of improvement on the flavor.  They got the order ready at the time they said they would.  Also the corn egg soup was nice and light.  Would definitely go back to pick up food on this place.
4 Solid place for some really decent Chinese food. No matter how you order, dine in, take out, delivery, you get the food fast and the service is extremely friendly. They remember my girlfriend and I every time we come in or order, so it's nice to know they pay attention to their patrons.   We tried a variety of dishes, and in my opinion the best food they have is: Combination Chow Mein, Singapore Mei Fun, Chicken and Broccoli, and Shrimp with Broccoli. Each dish has very nice flavors for what they are. The advertise their orange chicken as the best. While it IS good, it's very similar to other places, so don't expect your palette to be in a state of orgasm.   Cheap, solid, and delicious for what you pay for. The only downside is that their healthy options are limited, albeit they have a special menu for healthy people, such as only steamed chicken/shrimp with veggies.   Before I forget, they DO have brown rice upon request, which is the healthier option, but bland.
5 I've been searching for their spring rolls ever since I came to Vegas! Six years later I finally found the ones I've been craving! The Orange Chicken as good, as well as the General Zso's. Next time I'll try the medium spicy, for the first time I tried the mild it there was just a soft zing so I'll be a bit braver next time I order.
4 This is our preferred Chinese food place in the neighborhood. Their food is delicious and their deliveries are always prompt. Definitely worth a shot.
4 3.75 Stars -- Tried this place twice now. Good. Food is delivered fast & hot. The Mongolian Beef, Orange & Lemon Chicken are about the best I've had in LV, but not in CA. Roomie had some sort of fish dish, she said it was OK. The egg rolls suck. A tad more then most local places. Oh, and their spicy here isn't very spicy. Order taker asks plenty of ?'s over the phone (spiciness, style of rice) & special requests didn't seem to trip them up.
4 This is our Chinese food standby, the only place we trust. Sometimes they forget things, but 80% of the time the order is great with no problems. The front desk is pretty good about understanding what I am saying over the phone. Their delivery is pretty quick although they can't seem to operate our gate, and dine-in is very nice. We like the older gentleman that waits on us when we go in, he is so nice :)
4 Upon entering my friend and I were afraid this place looks to trendy to have good authentic food. We were wrong! It was delicious with great portion size. I actually took part of mine home. My friend cleaned his plate LOL. Don't let the trendy look fool you, there is a cook in the back that knows whats what. We both like spicy food and asked for hot sauce, we were not disappointed. I would definitely go back if I was in the area.
1 I decided to try this place because the rest of the Chinese food near me is gross! My family & I decided to get an array of things. We got Fried Rice, Orange chicken, Chow Mein, & Honey Walnut shrimp.   So my first pet peeve, I did a delivery order it took an hour and a half to get to me. Then as we started to dig in and eat we all had the same looks on our faces. The fried rice was not cooked all the way and still hard. The Chow Mein was burnt(& tasted that way too) Oh did I mention the orange chicken was under cooked and gummy? Yeah, NOT what I expected at all! Needless to say $50 went down the drain and my family and I ended up ordering pizza. WHOMP! The best Chinese food in Vegas was in the Gold Coast Casino at the Monterrey Room, but now that's been replaced by disgusting TGI Fridays. WHOMP again! Oh well I guess my search of good Chinese food continues.
5 Order the chicken fry rice!!! the best you'll ever have!!!
4 Everything tasted good and fresh, the waiter was fast and attentive, good prices. Will be back again.
5 Consistently good food!! Great lunch & dinner combo specials!! Clean, neat restaurant w/ a nice, attentive staff. Nothing to complain about here! We will be back!
1 I thought I had found my go to Chinese place in Vegas, and I was once again wrong. I've gone several times to Baidu and was pretty happy with the orange chicken or the soup, yesterday I dared to order the honey walnut chicken... BIG mistake. It was absolutely disgusting, the "chicken" (if indeed that thing was chicken) was beyond rubbery, I was chewing Chinese gum with nasty sauce. I'm gagging as I'm typing this. The search for amazing Chinese in Vegas continues, this is without a doubt not it.
2 Boy, this place went downhill fast. Did they change owners, cooks & food suppliers. Food is gritty, sauces are thick and/or slimy and the chicken is not cooked all the way. What a shame. Won't be back, until things improve.
5 Good quality food and very friendly staff. I love their lunch specials here and the food never disappoints :)
4 Very good food at very affordable prices.  I recommend the eggplant dish... it's the best eggplant I've had stateside.  The orange chicken is crisp and fresh... I really recommend this for a lunch place.   Haven't tried dinner.
3 This is the only Chinese restaurant that delivers to my house. It's got the basic menu and they're more than willing to augment a dish to suit your preferences. For example, I like Moo Goo Gai Pan, which is not normally spicy, but I ask them to spice it up, and they comply. They have family specials, but on those, they are not too keen on changing the choices. They deliver really fast, and have never made me wait more than 15 or 20 minutes for delivery. I would recommend ordering from the regular menu, and stay away from the family specials. They may seem like they're a good deal, but I don't like when my choices are made for me. I love their pot stickers (although they are pretty expensive), and I like their beef and broccoli, War Wonton soup, and spicy shrimp w/vegetables. The food is pretty good, and the delivery is fast, but the prices are a little high.
4 Love Baidu.  They have a good lunch menu with $5.95 and $6.95 specials.    Its family run and I come here enough that the owner knows I don't like a lot of things so he lets me special order my plates.  He'd rather you don't waste something you don't like so you can request specific veggies with your order.  They'll take good care of you.
5 I consider this place my whole in the wall even though by no means is it one but I love the fact that the owners are always there and super friendly, they always remember me and sit me at "my table". Second to my love of Pizza is my love of great Chinese food and this is my place. It super affordable, it's really quick, and the flavors are spot on for me. I love their cream cheese won tons, their chicken spring rolls and dumplings are really really good. I a personal big fan of their fried rice and my favorite items are the Mongolian beef, orange chicken, shrimp with lobster sauce, hot and sour soup. I haven't been there and not been happy when I left.
3 The food was as expected, tasty but nothing I would crave specifically from this place. (Besides the Egg Fu Young, because they made it pretty great!)  The customer service grows on you though. Initially the older gentleman who took our order was short with us and couldn't understand our questions. (We asked for steamed veggies instead of rice sides, but he kept saying no.) Each time the man came back to the table, he seemed more and more pleasant. We heard him whistling while cleaning up other tables and was so merry by the time we left. He was just a sweet old man.   Fits the typical local fast Asian food spot everyone has, and I will most likely come back.
4 Had chicken chow mien and lemon chicken. Very good. Prices are good for quality and portion sizes. Interior is nice and clean looking. Will definitely be back to try other dishes!
3 The family who owns/runs this establishment are wonderful, friendly, kind, and thoughtful. When I came here to order take-out to take-out and eat-out their son continually brought me what turned out to be very tasty fortune cookies.  I recommend them... the food, the fortune (cookies), the family, the fun. They take very good care of you as was reported by some other Yelpers on here.  The food itself was quite tasty, not too salty and didn't leave us feeling bloated, greasy, or ill.  I ordered a chicken with potato dish mainly for the novelty of the combination at an Asian restaurant and was very pleased with it. In fact of everything ordered this was totally finished, along with the won ton soup. This too had a nice depth of flavor that was not too salty and again did not leave you feeling as though you needed a wheelbarrow to move you from room to room.  I am really looking forward to sampling more of the menu as time goes on. It is great to find a good Asian Bistro near your home that has a wonderful family owning/running it and food that is delicious to boot.  Lasty- The prices are compelling and would give me pause to sample another Asian restaurant in the vicinity.   Bravo
3 What I had: Potato Beef lunch special w/ chow mien noodles and a spring roll TOTAL: $6.76 w/ tax and water  So, I popped into this place for a quick bite and to be honest with you, that's all this place is good for: a cheap, quick bite  I ordered the potato beef lunch special... they gave me water with it... but never even OFFERED to take my drink order... which might be a good thing because they don't actually have a soda machine. They have a cooler with canned sodas in it. It really irks me when restaurants do this and always brings questions to mind like: (1) You can afford to run a restaurant but can't afford a soda machine? (2) If I wanted a canned soda, I'd just drink that at home... or in THIS place's case, just (literally) walk to the pharmacy 10 feet away and buy one for cheaper...  OK, back to the potato beef. I ordered this hoping it would be "stew-like"... like the filipinos make which is one of my favorite dishes... IT WAS NOT... This was more like Mongolian (style) beef with some potato slices thrown in... the potatoes were cut crinkle/zucchini style... cheap flavors and nothing to write home about.  The free spring roll that came with it was probably that pre-made crap from the grocery store... which I'm beginning to suspect ALL their ingredients come from the Wal-Mart or Smith's nearby. I suspect this because this place is right next to a cool butcher shop... but when I asked the manager if they got their meat from the butcher next door, he said "No, we get it from another store".... he specifically said STORE... not a meat packaging or distribution place like the GOOD Chinese restaurants do.  The free appetizer with the lunch special was "corn egg soup"... they literally called it that... I've always heard it called egg drop soup... this one was pretty bland with no green onions added... and it seemed to be much thicker than what other Chinese restaurants have.  Overall, the entire meal was BLAND... despite how cheap it is, I would suggest someone go to Panda Express if they're looking to go the cheap route... but if you want some REALLY TASTY Chinese food... in bigger portions... check out China-A-Go-Go (multiple locations) or China Tango Bistro (in Green Valley)
5 Great food! Love it there!
1 The food was very disappointing. We ordered delivery and there were multiple items left off the order. Their wonton soup contained shrimp which is not listed on the menu. Not an real issue unless you are allergic to shellfish. The fried rice was littered with egg shells, and even after the driver returned with the Egg Drop Soup (forgotten off the order) it was basically water with cornstarch and egg whites added. Over all this was a horrible delivery and experience. There are just to many other restaurants in the area to be buying from them again.
5 Ordinarily, I hate rice...the taste, smell and consistency.  It's actually a subject of contention with my friends as they think it's ridiculous that there's a person in existence that refuses to go to Chinese food places because of this fact.  So, for the most part, I avoid Chinese food and takeout of similar genre, because a side item is always going to be rice.  With that said, I love this restaurant.  Don't get me wrong, I still won't eat their rice, but I do always get the General Tso's Chicken and it is the best that I have ever had.  Also, their cream cheese rangoons are amazing!  In addition to their great food, they are the nicest people that work at and run this establishment.  As somebody that generally avoids Asian food, I whole-heartedly recommend this place!
5 I love this place! We always order for delivery and it's here fast and hot, definitely recommend it!
3 Not a lot of restaurants can prepare a decent egg foo young but this place is the exception.  The order is big enough to share with 2 -3 friends and the plate is prepared fresh.  Although I can do without the fried rice the rest of the menu is delicious and the food is always piping hot.  Try the chicken with Chinese eggplant for a change.
5 The best Chinese on this side of town hands down. The food is pleasantly delightful. Not overly greasy nor do they put layers upon layers of batter with little to no meat like the other places. Customer service is great and they actually serve you including pouring soup into your bowl. I will continue to come here for my Chinese food fix!
1 I always order from this place never had a problem but a few days ago I was double charged and they keep telling me to wait a few more days if I don't are my money back in my account I will never order from there again
4 What a great find. After a day in the heat I was struck by the need for chinese food.  Thanks to the positive Yelp reviews I settled on Baidu China Bistro. Nice comfortable atmosphere, relaxing music in an air conditioned restaurant...did I tell you it was a sweltering 106 today...!!!  Very nice young lady sat me and took my drink order. After looking through the menu I decided upon the chicken lettuce wrap, hot & sour soup, and chicken chop suey w/o the rice.   My meal was delivered prompt, hot & tasty. So tasty that if there wasn't anyone nearby that could have noticed...I could have licked the plate. It was awesome.  Guess what? This is a family business...go check them out and show your support. Excellent all around...!!!
1 Twice now I have ordered online and failed to receive the coupon special offered. I asked for the manager but he just stared at me and told me they did not know their own specials online, so they could not help. I told him that was poor business practices. He offered no apology and I will not return!
2 I really didn't like anything we got here. I usually try the General Tso's Chicken and Beef Pepper Steak every time I try a new Chinese spot. The beef was tender but the sauce they had it in was way too salty, tasted like they dumped beef bullion on it. The General Chicken was dry and the sauce had no heat  and we asked for medium heat thinking we're playing it safe in either direction. The steamed rice was fine. I also got some Tempura Shrimp, tasted a bit of old oil and the batter was way too thick. So much for trying a new place that looked like it has pretty good reviews.
