2 This is a pretty crappy, small 7-Eleven.   I was craving a Slurpee and was disappointed with their limited flavor choices.  No hot dogs here either....so I settled on a donut to satisfy my junk food urge, and I think it holds the title of worse donut ever....  I think I'll drive a bit further up the road next time.
3 I might have given this 7-11 two stars, but since it's right across the street it gets a star for convenience.  This place has just about anything you could expect from a modern day convenience store.  There's a big open freezer for all your iced cream and pizza roll needs.  Ample selection of bottled water.  The donut case is refilled every night between midnight and 1am, so if you want them fresh, that's the time to come get some.  The hot-dog/taquito selection is limited, but I would never touch those in the first place.  Of course you can fill up on a slurpee.  My gripe with the slurpees is that half of the selections are some sort of cherry variety.  The other two are always coke or mountain dew.  While tasty, you need to be careful when you fill up your cup because the soda portion of the slurpee will overflow on you.  I often fill up my car here too.  There's about 8 gas pumps and prices are right on par with the AAA average.  The clientele is interesting.  A unique mix of grifters, tourists and regular folk.  It's not a typical neighborhood feel.  At times it feels like you might as well be at one of those gas station in Baker where everyone has to make a pit stop.  And since this is Vegas, you always have at least one schmuck playing the video poker/slot machines.  Apart from the one dude who has worked overnights, the clerks are not very friendly and are regularly heard complaining about each other.  I much prefer the clerks up the street at LVB/Windmill.
5 I'm thinking the previous Yelper's comments must have made a difference because this is the best 7-11 I've ever been to in my life.  Everything was spotless, organized, neat.  Cora does a fantastic job.  You could send an army through there no problem.  Also, they had donuts I've never seen in any other 7-11 or donut shop before.  What an awesome surprise at 6:50a on a Thursday.  Photos uploaded.
4 Meets my expectations of a 7-Eleven. It is nice, clean, a lot of selection to choose from, and the employees were nice.
4 Fast, easy, convenient... you know - like a convenient store should be.
1 I just moved across the street. Stopped in at 4 pm. The person behind the counter was not friendly. Seemed like they didn't want to be there. I bought a Rockstar and left.  Decided to stop in again after work for a snack. And was hoping for a better experience. A lot of people hanging out outside on the side of store. Asian night clerk was not friendly at all, to anyone. I'll be at the Circle K from now on.
4 I pretty much only go here to fill up gas. I rarely go inside the convenience store because if I wanted to eat or buy something, I'd go somewhere else like a fast food joint or a grocery store. The gas station portion of 7-Eleven is good. There are plenty of gas pumps that are usually open as soon as I arrive. There is even a gas pump that is meant for the handicapped on the outer edge of the pumps by Pebble.  The gas tends to be cheaper compared to the gas stations further up on Las Vegas Blvd by a couple or more cents, even another 7-Eleven on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Warm Springs. Not to mention it is pretty easy to get in and out of this 7-Eleven in two directions. There is also a restaurant in the same lot so if you want to grab a bite, you can.
