5 Okay, I definitely want to come back here. The steak was heavenly and the mashed potatoes and sauteed mushrooms were absolutely scrumptious! Get your wallets out because you'll be spending some dough here. Great place to go if you're celebrating an anniversary or something romantic.
4 We came here to celebrate our anniversary.  We wanted to have a good meal and we didn't want to have to travel far.  This place was perfect for all of the above.    At the table there is a basket of assorted breads.  I think there were 3 or 4 different types.  I'm a bread whore loving any starchy products so this was a very nice surprise.  With the bread was softened butter.   This really is key when serving bread, cold butter just doesn't work.    We also had a couple of drinks.  I always have to try the lemon drop martini.  This one was wonderful.  Fresh lemon juice and the right amount of sugar.  Fresh lemons are key, I can always tell when it isn't .    We started with a crab cake appetizer ($12).  It came with 2 nicely-sized cakes.  They were nice and crisp on the outside and completely filled with juicy lump crab on the inside.  I love crab, but a good crab cake is hard to find.  This one was one of the best I've tasted.  It didn't come with any fancy sauces (didn't need ANYTHING extra) because it was just simple and great.  Very light on the breading and heavy on the crab, the way it should be.  We next split a Caesar Salad ($7).  It was good, nothing really spectacular.  It did come with 3 cheese-baked bread slices.  Then the main meal, our 24oz. porterhouse steak ($32) with sides of baked potato, baked sweet potato, and asparagus with a side of hollandaise (all $6 each).  The steak was cooked perfectly, tons of flavor needing to add nothing to it.  The sides were as you would expect them to be, nothing real extraordinary but how can you mess-up a baked potato?  One of the things that I enjoyed most was the way they split everything.  The runner brings the food fully plated to the table with 2 extra plates and splits it in front of us, instead of the back.  Even the steak, he cut each in half (fillet side and New York side) and put them on our plates for us.  This was so great!  It just shows the class of the restaurant.
4 Usually I don't head up to Santa Fe Station but tonight we were here to see a concert at the Chrome Showroom.  Our guest was craving a steak, I walked in expecting to eat at a little diner somewhere in the casino.  Instead, he chose the Charcoal Room.  First off, I am not used to high-end steakhouse dining.  Ellis Island is my average steak joint of choice.  A la Carte dining is also new to me but not an unwelcome option.    This evening we showed up around 8pm on Saturday and were seated immediately.  The middle of the restaurant has a bar with plasma tvs; this was great for watching the Final Four games while dining.  Service was quick and excellent (helpful because the restaurant was not very full).  The bread options were excellent, from regular rolls to pretzel bread, there was plenty for the entire table.  Salads were optional and while I did not enjoy one, the others at my table were raving over a simple chopped salad.  My roommate and I ordered the 14oz Triple Peppercorn Steak while our guest had the 20oz Bone-In New York Strip.  Our steaks were amazingly soft yet crunchy with the spices making each bite utterly enjoyable.  We added a Lobster Mac & Cheese for a side that we all shared and this was equally as good.  While I could not afford to eat here often, if I wanted to treat a guest to a nice steak dinner with an excellent atmosphere but not stuffy enough you couldn't wear jeans and a t-shirt into the restaurant, this is the place I'd go.
4 Allow me to take you on a trip in my virtual DeLorean.  Strap in, sit back, and relax.  The flux capacitor is fluxing.  There!  See, that wasn't too bad.  Were now back in 2006.  October 2006, to be more precise.  Now here's my review...  My wife and I celebrated our three-year wedding anniversary at The Charcoal Room, a cozy little steakhouse located inside Santa Fe Station (a "local's casino" situated in the northwest part of town). In the more than ten years that we've been together, we've had the pleasure of dining at several fine restaurants across the country, from Aureole in New York City to Donovan's in La Jolla. And, as denizens of Sin City, we've also experienced some of the best food and beverage offerings available on the infamous Las Vegas Strip. I guess you can say that we are "foodies" by definition, and as such it takes quite a bit to impress us. With that said, however, the folks at The Charcoal Room did just that.  The place was pretty empty when we got there. I think there may have been two other occupied tables in the room and maybe two or three people at the bar. Needless to say, I would've been really disappointed if the service had left us wanting. The good news is that our server, I want to say his name was Anthony, and his assistants did very well. They were attentive, upbeat, speedy, and they demonstrated well-polished tableside manners. No complaints about the wait staff here!  Timing-wise, everything came out properly.  Where this restaurant really surprises and delights is in the quality of its food. Here's what we ordered:      * Bacon-Wrapped Scallops (as our appetizer)     * Glass of Pinot Noir - one of Francis Coppola's reds     * Caesar Salad for Two     * 12oz Filet Mignon - Medium but Charred (for me)     * 12oz Filet Mignon - Medium Well (for my wife)     * Au Gratin Potatoes     * Sautéed Mushrooms     * Some kind of chocolate cake and molten peanut butter confection  Phenomenal food! With the restaurant's pricing, I was expecting the food quality to register just a notch or two above what's available at Outback Steakhouse (the filets were only USD$30 each). But when I cut into my tender morsel of red meat goodness and chomped down on that sucker, boy, was I pleasantly surprised! Perfectly charred on the outside, just right in the middle, and superbly flavored. And the rest of the food was equally as good!  Compared to certain overpriced and overhyped rooms (i.e., the "fine" steakhouse located inside the Bellagio), The Charcoal Room is a breath of fresh air.  So far, I believe the best steak in town is offered at Del Frisco's. Second best can be found at Craftsteak inside the MGM Grand. Third best is served up at Fiore's Steakhouse inside The Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino. Fourth calls Delmonico's at The Venetian its home. The fifth best steak is delivered by the talented folks at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris Las Vegas. And sixth best? You guessed it, The Charcoal Room. Not bad for a "local's" restaurant, methinks.  Overall Rating: Excellent Food Rating: Outstanding Staff Rating: Excellent Ambiance Rating: Good
5 It IS in the Sante Fe Hotel, however, it feels like you're in a sexy restaurant on the strip.  The atmosphere is perfect for those with a sophisticated palate, but lacks the loud music, and obnoxious attitudes... If I lived in North Las Vegas, I would love having this place close by without having to drive into town.  Now onto the drinks.  Pretty great wine list with everything from Stags Leap to Cakebread at prices you would expect to pay at a steak house. Had martini's at a prior visit that were excellent.  LOVE the lobster mac and cheese, creamed spinach, and filet mignon.  The 12 oz was enough to split with a girlfriend!  You can make it work on $50-$75 per person plus tip depending on how hungry you are.
4 Service was great...our server Anthony was very attentive.  Food was good too, we shared 24 oz porterhouse and it was more then enough. Out of everything we had, spinach salad and steak were the standouts.  Value was incredible, we did have $25 coupon we got in the mail, but even without it still a good value.  We had 3 martinis, ahi app, spinach salad, oysters, porterhouse and 2 sides. Bill was only $112.00 before $25 off.  For sure we would go again, dont let the fact that its in santa fe casino stop you from going.
4 This was the finisher of my June Friday night steakhouse adventures. The place is similar to the other Station Casino steakhouses, the menus have all been very much the same. I liked the booths, they are super squishy and my husband and I got one near the bar where we could watch a baseball game without having our feet go numb on the bar stools.       I ordered something I had not seen on the other menus: boneless baby back ribs. For ten bucks you get four little pieces of meat swimming in a tangy almost Asian style BBQ sauce. These little guys were amazing, I just wish I got more, because the burger I ordered was less than stellar.       Another thing that was not like the others was a pleasant surprise. The General Manager of the place came by and introduced himself while we were mid-way through our dessert. I thought that was a nice touch. Service was pretty good, we got checked on many times and after the initial sweep of, well practically everything on the table, nothing else just magical vanished from my site without me knowing.       Overall, not as fancy as MRKT but nicer than The Broiler. About even with Austins with a little less romantic ambiance. Best for the boys who just need a steak.
4 The service was phenomenal!!  We had an assistant server who served us our drinks and they left us our martini shaker with our glass and they were not reluctant to hold back on the alcohol :)   Great advice as to what kind of steak to get because the Porterhouse was juicy, well cooked (way to go chef) and enough for two people!!  A side of the mashed potatoes was like getting some homemade from my mom's thanksgiving table they were so creamy and savory mmmm.  We also had the Australian named burger (something with a "W") and that was sooo goood tooo!   Granted we were hungry but this place did not disappoint!
5 Great service!!  We had a very large party, but they were very accommodating.  The food was excellent.  My husband enjoyed his fillet mignon with the garlic cilantro sauce. My bacon-wrapped bbq shrimp was juicy and enough to fill me up, and that was an appetizer.  I had the melon martini which was fruity and refreshing.  As with one of the other reviewers, they left the strainer as well for more to enjoy.  My friends and I had a great time.  The manager was very hospitable and checked on us often to see if we needed anything else.    Definitely a place we'd visit again on our Vegas trips!!!
5 This place is the Bomb.  Great Service and Awesome Food. Mr. Delacruz (GM) is a class act. He knows how to take care of his guest.
5 We indulged at "The Charcoal Room" for the first time Wednesday evening Dec 1.  Beautiful, Very Clean (wish i woulda thought to take pics), Excellent Wait Staff.  App'd on Seared Ahi Tuna (12.00), Crab Cakes (12.00), for both of the app's, the presentation, quality and taste were worth the trip alone.  Beth had the Lamb Chops (37.00), they make a Guiness Reduction Sauce with them . . Very Good.  I had the Organic Whole Chicken (19.00), baked, seasoned nicely . . Very Good.  Everything was nice sized portions (we took some home), and cooked perfectly/as ordered.  Happy to give them a 5 star review.
5 This has to be one of my favorite steakhouse to recommend and this is my second time going to the Charcoal Room. It's a great place, lovely settings, friendly staff, and of course, great tasting food. To me, the location was great, since I live here in Vegas, its just a few miles away from home, located inside Sante Fe Casino.   As for the food, the first time went, I started off with the Bacon covered BBQ shrimps. Presentation was good, taste was great, I really loved it a lot. I would of order it again, but with the fact of my wife sharing her BBQ boneless baby back ribs, last trip, I loved those even more. So, on this visit, I just had to order a plate, for me. Other then that, we had mash potatoes and broccoli, but of course, the STEAKS. On my first visit I had the Fillet Minion 12oz, loved it so much, I had to order it again on this trip. Again, presentation was great, taste was fabulous, over all, my tummy was satisfied once again. If it wasn't for the bread basket, The BBQ boneless baby back ribs, the mash potato , the broccoli and the multiple refills of Pepsi, I probably would of done dessert. I'm sure dessert would of been fulfilling, but I was already fulfilled after making my 12oz fillet minion disappear.   Sure enough, I would return to the Charcoal Room whenever I get a chance. It is kind of pricey, but take it from me, its worth every penny.
2 I really don't understand how my experience was so much different than the other reviewers.   Annoying semi-nice steak house with sports on monitors and tables so close together you're pretty much sharing a table with strangers.  Steaks were overcooked, sides were just ok. Service was painfully slow.  I was glad for it to be over.  Cheddar and Black Bean Soup earned this an extra star.  If you're ever going to walk through a casino to get some awesome soup, this is the place for you.
4 My steak was amazing. The filet mingon was probably one of the best things I have ever eaten. It was salty, crusted, juicy, perfectly rare. I also had the spinach salad which was big enough for three people. It was good, but didn't seem very refined for some reason. The asparagus was also very good, but I didn't get the jelly-like (I'm assuming hollandaise) sauce that came with it. Also, it didn't come out very hot.  My wife's halibut was also really big and tasted great but was a little chewy on the outside. Cooking fish like a steak doesn't really work for me. Her brocolini and rice pilaf were both good, but didn't wow me in any way.  The service was very good and all of the staff seemed really nice.   Overall, I would recommend this place just because the meat is superb-but you kinda have to stick to that. Everything else was good, but not great.
1 This steak house is a joke.  The food had no flavor.  The service was slow. I ordered some mash potatoes and when they came out they were cold.  I was just looking to get a good steak and this is not the place
2 Since we had a coupon ($25 for $50 of food) that was set to expire, my husband & I dined here for a belated birthday dinner.  Unfortunately, it didn't live up to our expectations.  Service was very slow.  It took over 5 minutes to be greeted by the assistant waiter, than 10 more for our head waiter to take our drunk order.  I had the lemon drop which was pretty good.  The wine recommended to my husband was enjoyable.  I had the onion soup to start and it was nothing special.  I ate maybe a fourth of it.  I ordered the petite filet and my husband the bone-in ribeye.  I chose the mashed potatoes and he chose the lobster mac-n-cheese.  (I don't eat seafood.)  It took a very long time to get our food. The steaks were nothing special.  My mashed potatoes are better.  These were bland.  We skipped dessert and won't be back.
5 This is the third time we visited The Charcoal Room and this experience was the best.  The service and food were both exceptional.  The Ahi tuna and bacon wrapped shrimp apps were outstanding, the onion and lobster bisque soups were tasty and the steaks were cooked perfectly.  And the price for a higher end steak house was very reasonable.  We will be back.
2 Charcoal Room, we are breaking up.  It's not me it's you, you have changed and not for the better.  Last week my husband and I went to T-Bones Chophouse at Red Rock, and it made me miss The Charcoal Room.  So this week we made our reservations, and I had one thing on my mind, boneless baby back ribs.  My most favorite thing here has changed.  I thought they were made of pork but these were beef and seemed like instead of baby backs, they were more like spare ribs.  They changed the meat and the quality on me and kept the price.  Sad day.   We had reservations at five, but they didn't open on time.  Service wasn't as good as it was before and I felt like we got a little attitude because we didn't order alcohol.  The last slap was a cheap "Thank You" take out bag and generic Styrofoam to go containers instead of the classic red string reusable bag they had before.  I know it seems silly, but if you are spending sixty dollars plus a head for dinner, dressing up and bother to make a reservation, you want a good experience right down the the last detail.  The search for a new favorite is on.
4 Stopped for the sirloin and lobster special.  Waiter told us the steak was not quite up to what they normally serve, he was right; however, the sides and lobster and service were great.  Honest waiter, lived up to expectations.
1 I can honestly say this was the worst meal Ive ever eaten in Las Vegas! Very over priced, everything is separate!   Well we had company in town they picked going to the Charcoal room ...this was the 7th of October now. We orderd a 32 ounce filet whitch was not even close to that big! a baked potatoe that was cooked sometime a week ago or something and a salad marginal..also orderd a side of asparigas which was very big and tough...I orderd a new york and it was a strip steak  not what I wanted very tough only ate a couple bites and no more the waiter was very slow and we even ran out of water! was never asked if we wanted desert mayb you dont have it?  when you run out of water at a table to me is not good! our company orderd two t bones and a salad and a glass of wine...the whole bill was 195 or something they gave him a 20dollar tip for some reason i dont know why! It was not what I expected from a guormet restaraunt thats for sure!  I didnt complain because we had commpany what good would it have done anyways! nothing is the santa fe is anygood!
4 Charcoal Room at Santa Fe Station  A popular restaurant for locals - famous for its heavenly filet mignon & lobster. BUT, the service should be better!  The Yelpy Version: - One early evening in late March, our friends treated my wife and myself to an incredible dinner at this nice, popular restaurant inside Santa Fe Station Casino. We all had its famous "Wed Special" of "Lobster/Filet Mignon ($30) Combo". We were all absolutely delighted with the food and wine! The lobster tasted fresh and joicy, and the filet mignon absolutely heavenly - melting in your mouth with delicious flavors! We also had their Marinated Shrimps (actually large prawns!) apetizer, which was very tasty! Our friends ordered a bottle of Cabinet Sauvignon theyliked but it was sold out. Our nice server offered us a $65/bottle of an alternative brand for $35, and it was rich, smooth and flavorful! Great!  The Charcoal Room has a "medium-high-end" type of decor, but gives a casual, inviting ambience. It has a huge, beautiful sports bar, which offered $5 Happy Hour drinks and was completely full around 5:30pm.At our departure around 7:30pm, the restaurant was almost completely full.  The serving staff that evening was probably overwhelmed by the large dinner crowd. The service was good at the beginning, but the follow up service was SUB-Par, when it got busier. It was difficult to get server's attention even to order coffee and desert;harder still to get refills for coffee and water!  ADDITIONAL comments for management's kind consideration. - Even though the food, drinks were superb and the ambience was great, BUT... 1. PLEASE do TRAIN ALL servers to be ATTENTIVE to ALL tables, even those not assigned to them. - It'd be nice if a server would acknowledge a guest, raising his/her hand trying hard to get attention! Please letthe guest know that his/herserver is busy at the moment but will be notified to come over. - As one knows, "Psychologically, a customer is MOST ANNOYED and UNHAPPY if he feels being IGNORED by a server"!  2. During our meal, the manager was nice enough to come over for a quick chat, which made us all feel welcome, BUT incredibly, this same manager just ignored us when we were getting out of the restaurant door, where he was standing nearby! At departure, we were asking the hostess about the Happy Hour specials. Thehostess aparently did not know the details. This manager standing nearby was talking to another staff member; he could hear us but chose to just ignore us! - He did NOT even try to help out the poor hostess in answering our important question, nor did he take the opportunity to say goodbye to us. To us, this was NOT good to leave customers with such an unsatisfying "Parting Impression"! Whatever browny points he had earned by coming over to our table earlier to chat were completely lost when he ignored us, while standing near us, at our departure!  Peterskis, Apr 2012
5 Amazing steak. Nice and quiet inside. Service was absolutely wonderful. Bring your Station Casino Player's card and be sure to ask about the Player's Club special. It's something different each month. For April 2012 it was $19.99 for the petite filet and shrimp.
4 Good food, good service and my favorite chopped salad ever!
5 In the early evening we headed off for the 5-7PM daily happy hour at the Charcoal Room in Santa Fe Station for some $5 martinis.  On the first round, there would be a second; my wife ordered a lemon drop while I went with a roasted, toasted almond (Sky vodka, Amaretto and Starbucks liqueur).  Hers was good, but mine was better.    We noticed, especially me since I kept my eyes glued on our (very) attractive bartender, that she was not using a shot glass and each pour seemed to be very long.  As I was finishing my martini, I picked up the shaker and began pouring and pouring.  Damned if there wasn't a 2nd martini in each of our shakers.          We decided to toss sobriety to the wind and ordered a 2nd round or would it be considered a 3rd?  This time we both settled on mochatinis (Starbucks liqueur, Absolute vanilla vodka and dark crème de cacao).    The equivalent of 8 martinis for $20 represents was an amazing value.
2 Wow what a disappointment :( The service was slow and the servers (attractive) paid more attention to the 2 other booths that had attractive men sitting at it.  We had a reservation for 5:00 pm and got seated at 5:20 pm. The pretzel bread stick thingys were delicious but the only good thing about the meal. I ordered a filet. it was tough and had no flavor. I would have went to Applebee's if I wanted a steak that looked more like meatloaf. For the $50 my portion cost I just wasn't happy. Does anyone remember when they had a steak house called "Kodiak"? Those were the good ole days oh how I miss that place.
2 Well, I got no one to blame but Myself. I read the reviews and still went. AAAND, I'm taking time out of My life to write this. The Charcoal Room ain't what it used to be. I took My visiting Family there last night(Tuesday). This was the only resturant I ever ordered the Porterhouse. It used to be incredible, now, it just needs laces. Had a reservation, only one booth open, the first one, the rest were dirty, the hostess told Us. The waiter spoke broken english. OK. The steakhouse chopped salad, was chopped about 3 hours before We got them, light on the dressing, almost like a soup. Not crispy at all, no flavor.. My steak, I ordered medium rare, was medium. Fortunately, My nephew ordered his NY steak medium and it came medium rare, so I ate most of his and took mine home to My pooch, even she was dissappointed. The colossal baked potato was poor quality, soggy skin, hard and cracked inside...old. The Mac and Cheese, those bastards!!! Yep, also made too far ahead. I would say the service was good except for two things. One, Nobody ever asked how things were. Two, when you're a waiter and you're putting a coustomers entire steak(less 2 bites) into a doggie bag, don't you wonder why? The worse thing about the Charcoal Room is...........I ate there when it was incredible. Too bad. I don"t recommend it to anyone. I won't be going back. Oh, and, adios.
4 Just ate here, was maybe my third or fourth visit overall.  In total it is a nice play but I agree with some of the other comments.  The tables are too close together, the pretzel bread is great, and the steak is good and tender.  Although, mine arrive "warm," and I usually prefer it more "hot."  Anyway my biggest BEEF with this steak place is this:  They have a happy hour but when sitting for dinner, I am told "this is only at the bar."  Which is...ten feet from my table.  So what is it, I should in a blazing moment of cheap glory rise from my seat, walk to the bar and order drinks there where they are basically half off?  Or I can order from my waitress and pay full price.  I just think this is so absurd.  For a somewhat expensive place you'd think they could do you the courtesy of pricing the drinks the same at your table vs. the bar.
2 For the price, I would expect much more. The food was not very good. Do yourself a favor and go to Olives at the Bellagio instead.
5 Fantastic restaurant with very reasonable prices and nice atmosphere. LOVED it and had great service and food.  Favorites were the crab cakes, chopped salad and carrot cake. Wine by the glass was reasonably priced as well with Kendal Jackson at $9/glass and delicious salty bread to boot. Would definitely go here and you could go a little more casual than other upper end steakhouses but still nice enough to get dressed up if you are in the mood. Loved the round booths in both the bar and dining room.
1 I met a friend here last night and the food was terrible.  I used to go here often and the food was always terrific and the service excellent.  The bartenders knew what wine you drank and would customize the bread basket for you.  They changed the menu about a month ago and downgraded on the quality. They still have Ahi Tuna on the appetizer menu but it is not the same quality as in the past.  It tasted "off" and didn't even look edible.  My friend ordered the Chopped salad and the portion is about 2/3 of what it used to be on the old menu.  The bread basket consisted of 4 tiny pieces of bread that looked like it had seen better days.  They also took away the flatbread - which was the best part of the bread basket!  They changed the wine menu and my pour for a $16 glass of Peju was awful - if I was a bartender I would be embarrassed serving such a paltry amount.  Even the service was bad.  One bartender (new) who ignored us the the entire time.  Note to management:  Either restore the old menu and raise the prices or change the restaurant to a more casual atmosphere where you can get away with serving cheap food.
5 Excellent across the board! Steak was awesome and cooked as ordered, wedge salad is as good as I've ever had, side mushrooms were great! Nothing I can't like about this place? Go! You will love the food and the prices
3 5:00 on a Wednesday night. Doors just opened and the hostess has a MAJOR attitude. I was so ready to leave but we decided that we would discuss the matter with the manager, Aaron, who insisted we stay. He assured us that he would address the matter with her. Ok- enough about her.  The waiter Timothy was awesome. The food was excellent- we both  ordered the King Cut Prime Rib. Cooked to perfection and hot! Only negative was that mine had a huge hunk of fat but it is prime rib..very understandable.. Onion soup- Fantastic! Pretzel sticks- very tasty! The waitstaff was excellent, constant follow up, and very gracious. Aaron and Alam, who I know for years- fantastic! Definitely recommend this restaurant- BUT make sure that you make reservations.(especially if you want a booth).
5 Anything and everything! You can't go wrong here!
4 he Charcoal Room at Santa Fe Station is where we come when we want more of an upscale steakhouse without breaking the bank. Since it's not far from the house, we usually try to get up here every other month or so. The meals and service are always outstanding.  The restaurant is tucked away in a corner of the casino not far from where the front doors used to be before the casino underwent many of its makeovers. You might not expect a local's casino such as this to have a fine dining establishment, but the Charcoal Room has survived when many of the other eateries that aren't in the food court have come and gone. One complaint is that the dress code has gone down somewhat over the past few years. It used to be business/dressy, but it seems that we see a lot more people in here dressed in shorts and t-shirts. However, they're usually seated toward the front doors or the bar area, so the good seating in the back is a bit more refined and romantic (except for the TV over the fireplace).  Although it has seldom been busy when we've gone, reservations would be recommended on Friday and Saturday nights. Request a table or booth in the back of the restaurant to avoid the noise of the bar and the flow of people coming and going. When arriving, we've never had to wait more than a minute or two until the hostess took us back to our table. Once seated, the waiter stops by the table promptly to introduce himself and take your drink order. They have a large selection of wine, so if you're planning on having wine with the dinner and aren't sure what to order, don't hesitate to ask the waiter or sommelier. They'll listen to your wine preferences and recommend a few wines that will pair well with your planned meal. They don't push the most expensive wine or the one with the biggest profit margin. We've found some good wines that we normally wouldn't have picked out.  We always begin our meal with a starter and can heartily recommend the stuffed Portobello mushrooms, crab cakes, bacon wrapped shrimp, or the bacon wrapped scallops. We usually choose the scallops and they're always perfectly cooked. Since this is a steakhouse, we don't change our order that much on each visit. I usually have the pan-seared ribeye and Brenda gets either the petite or full size filet mignon depending on her appetite. The steaks are always cooked to what you order. We don't have to order our steak rare to get one that is medium rare like some establishments. Dining is a la carte, so your sides are additional. The grilled asparagus, baked potato and garlic mashed potatoes are all tasty. They don't have the garlic mashed potatoes on the menu, but the chef will usually whip some up for you.  During the meal, the wait staff checks on you often enough to make sure you don't need anything else, but they're not intrusive. They are staffed well enough so it doesn't take more than a slightly raised finger or nod of the head to bring the waiter to the table. Every time we've been there, the head chef has always made the rounds of the dining room to personally ensure that everyone's meal met to their satisfaction. Instead of cheap Styrofoam, any leftovers are placed in disposable plastic containers and given to you in a nice red Charcoal Room bag.  Just writing this review makes me want to give our host a call to set up reservations for another meal here.
2 I purposely mentioned when making my reservation that it was our anniversary and we would like a booth. The hostess walked us to a table way in the back, and when i mentioned that i had requested a booth, she got an attitude. I asked if we could wait for one to be made up, and she stated "i have one all the way up front by the door" and had some snarky remark yet again. Fine dining and hospitality? The food was outback quality at best. The filet literally tasted like a BK burger, and no one checked on us until we were half way through. Also, the table next to us was asked if they were celebrating anything. We were not, even though I mentioned it upon making the reservation.  So if you're celebrating something, hit the strip.
5 My wife and I have been going to the Charcoal Room for year's.  Whether it is appetizers and a glass of wine at the bar or a full dining experience at a booth or table; the food and service has always been exceptional. We are heading over again tonight and am looking forward to a bone in ribeye and sharing a chopped salad.
5 Purchased a Resturant.com certificate a year ago and can't believe I waited so long to use it.  The food was way better than I remembered and the Manager was amazing.
3 Pros: Filet is buttery soft and delicious. Pretzel bread served hot and oh so good. Lobster bisque is perfectly made. Cons: Do not sit in Diane's station, she has no pulse. Restaurant is too smokey, need to improve air filtration system. Cocktails are too pricey. Questionable neighborhood, valet park.
5 Amazing food and service...period!  My date and I sat there talking until they closed.  They never asked us to leave nor do we feel pressured to leave.  I have never had better service.  I had crab cake appetizer and lobster tail.  5 star on both!
5 Service, scallops, all - top notch in every way!
5 The Charcoal Room was wonderful. The food, the staff, and the ambiance was amazing. We had a party of 24 for our rehearsal dinner and the manager accommodated our party without any issues. The steaks were HHUUGGEEE, flavorful, and reasonably priced. Do yourself a favor and don't break the bank with all the other steakhouses.. This is the one!
4 We went back about a month or so ago and my wife noticed that the steaks taste a bit different.  She found out from staff that they no longer grill the meat with charcoal, thus losing the flavor of the "Charcoal Room".  Still okay, but not the same.  Hopefully if they get enough feedback they might change back.
5 Amazing place!! I was first introduced here by my Mother and Father in law.  I had the filet mignon and it was perfect! It was tender juicy just the way I expected for a perfect steak.  The second time we dined here was with my wife, and the gentleman who was sitting next to us on his way out recommended the rib eye on bone. Let me just say that the rib eye was almost bigger than my head and the flavor with just the perfect spices made every bite salivating for the next one.  This is my first review and I highly recommend The Charcoal Room and when you do.. Ask for the Rib Eye on bone.   I promise you will not regret the choice!  :)
5 Let me start out by saying that I do not eat steak... except for when I come here! No place can cook its steak as amazing as the Charcoal Room does! The lobster corn chowder is fantastic! Their baked potatoes are huge! Just everything about this place is amazing! Must go!
4 Great food and great service. I had the chopped salad, boneless NY steak, medium cooked, potatoes au gratin and asparagus for sides, and creme brûlée for dessert. Everything was plenty enough to share. My review is one down from a perfect star because I could smell cigarette smoke when we were eating and our table was in the back half of the restaurant. It was also a bit of a walk from the covered garage, so I had to walk through the smokey casino to get there.
2 I used to eat here a lot because it was close to to where I live. The service was and is excellent and the atmosphere was and is perfect. I get the same thing every time: The Charcoal Room Chopped Salad: Perhaps one of the best salads I've ever had. I was in the mood for the the lobster mac-'n'-cheese: Which was fine. But, then came the t-bone steak, and this is what took away three stars - It used to be great, but the quality of the meat recently has diminished substantially. I've got the stomach of a billy goat. There is nothing on this planet, that I can't eat. And I've never not finished a plate of food that's been put in front of me... Until I got that t-bone. When the waiter came over to ask how everything was, I told him to take a seat at the table, and proceeded to give him a 2-minute lecture about how I could have spent $5 at Von's and got a better piece of meat than what they were charging me $45 for. I read some of the other recent reviews, and I scratch my head. Is there another Charcoal Room at the Santa Fe that I'm missing? To each his own, I guess. Anyway, steak is my thing (I eat 4-5 steaks per week), and this place just doesn't cut the mustard anymore. Sorry.
5 Has an excellent diiner Saturday night. Reservations made- booth requested.. hostesses very pleasant- Kevin, our waiter was very attentive. Miguel, buser- refilled drinks, brought bread-  terrific wait staff. Alam stopped by to wish us a Happy Anniversary. I had the King cut prime rib- cooked to perfection- my husband had the Colorado lamb chops with merlot reduction. And definitely try the pretzel rolls!
1 service was the worse
4 When you come to the Santa Fe station, you expect cheap, discounted, so so food.  Well the Charcoal room is far from that.    The moniker "you get what you pay for" works here.  Everything is al a carte .  I enjoyed all that I ordered.  I had Lobster(11oz), side of sauteed mushrooms & ceaser salad.  All was made excellently.  My wife had the petite fillet, extremely tender & flavorful.  I believe you will enjoy your visit as well...
2 My husband and I just moved to the area and we got some promo in the mail for this place so thought we would check it out. I have to say, I don't understand all the rave reviews. The hostess was barely nice - didn't seem to care. The waitress kept looking away while we were talking to her and having conversations with guests at other tables while we were ordering. Don't get me wrong, she was nice, just not as professional as I would expect at a place in this price range - really ruins the experience. For example, my husband ordered the porterhouse with a lobster tail and she forgot the lobster, so after his steak arrived, he had to wait 10 more minutes for his lobster. I think she wasn't really paying attention when we were ordering. On the plus side, they were really fast with the food.   The pretzel bread is great and I definitely recommend the lobster rolls for an appetizer.   I ordered the surf n turf. The lobster tail was huge which was great, but didn't taste very good - and I love lobster. The filet mignon was just okay and honestly I've had better at Outback Steakhouse for half the price.   My husband thought his steak was good, but not great. And for some reason his lobster tail tasted much better than mine. Though still not awesome.   The whole menu is al la carte so every side is an additional $6. I paid $60 for a tiny mediocre filet and one lobster tail and I can't even get some steamed broccoli with it?   Anyway, we will definitely not be back. Not worth the money by a long shot.
5 Wonderful service and great food. Good selection of beer and wine and the steaks are incredibly delicious. I always have the filet 8 oz and it never ever disappoints me. You gotta try this place!
4 The Charcoal Room at Santa Fe Station: Cutting to the Chase    The pretzel bread sticks are fabulous, arriving at the table piping hot, soft and salty.  I ate the two that were in the bread basket.    None for my boyfriend.  There was other bread in the basket, though.   The Caesar salad is good, with small pieces of crusty bread as the crouton-like accompaniments.  A generous helping, I didn't finish it because I wanted to leave room for the main course.   The half roasted chicken is tasty.  I ate the breast and took the leg/thigh home.  That sounds a little strange.   The baked sweet potato is huge!  Regular butter and cinnamon butter are provided; put them on the spud, watch them melt, and consume. I ate half there and took the other half home, too.   This is a great place for date night, which we had the night we went.   The service is attentive. The manager came by our table and checked on us.   Sunday night was so steady for them that there were no booths available, so we were seated at a round table that sat four.  I always prefer booths unless with a large group of friends. Not that we are the type of couple to sit side by side in a booth when it's just us, because that's weird, but I didn't feel like waiting. Reservations are suggested just in case, which we had.     Caesar salad+ lobster corn chowder + half chicken + petit filet mignon + sweet potato + asparagus + sauteed mushrooms = $85.00   We were very full when we left with our doggie bag.   The end.
4 Finally!!   I've had the Charcoal Room on my list of eats since I moved out here a few years ago.  My neighbor, some co-workers, and even friends/family from California even recommended the Charcoal Room to me. But when it came to other Yelpers, most haven't been here or reviewed them.  The Charcoal Room has a lot of pros and very little cons.  You don't get what you pay for here, you get more.  And if you're having steak, you get a lot more.  I got their petite filet and it was delicious.  Their petite is about 6 oz, juicy, and most importantly, very tasty. Don't let the price fool you.  For less than $30, I had a steak that rivals some of the 5 star steak houses out here.  My filet was so tender that I think I used a butter knife to cut through it.  I had my steak with a side of their Caesar salad, lobster corn chowder, sautéed mushrooms, and asparagus.  All portions were huge and I ended up with leftovers. My GF opted for their roasted chicken and baked sweet potato.  Her meal was hooked up too.  I swear she was served half a chicken and a football sized sweet potato.  She said her meal was good as well.    I have no complaints about the service.  We were seated right away, our orders were taken, and our food was served in a timely manner.  I left the Charcoal Room very satisfied and my only regret is not coming here sooner.  We got a lot of food and paid less than $100 for it.  Yes...I'm sure I will be back.   PS: No pictures of their steak and no pictures of their fabulous forks.  I was focused the night I ate here....focused on my beautiful date.  1OAK!
5 I give charcoal room five stars because they came through in a big way!! It was the night before my mom had to leave to go back over seas and she wanted steak! So I said what about the charcoal room?  She agreed and we headed on over. The entrance was nice and they have a wall of wine as you walk in and also have another wall of wine towards the back area. The hostess was polite and we were escorted ton our tables promptly. Our waiter was nice and he handled everything great. As we look over the menu we come to two choices the new york or top sirloin usda steaks aged for 28 days. Everything on the menu is a la carte and at $35-$45 for just a steak was a steep price. So we ordered oysters on the half shell,  coconut shrimp, asparagus,  baked sweet potato,  lobster mac n cheese, my mom had the usda new york steak and my lady and I both had the usda top sirloin.  Lets start with the appetizers.  The coconut shrimp was very tasty my inly complaint is that there is only three lol! The oysters were surprisingly great! Briney, with tobasco, horseradish,  and cocktail sauce was great! Now in the main event. The sides were great baked sweet potato was cooked perfectly amd accompanied with a cinnamon sugar butter, the asparagus was cooked theough and had a great taste, the lobster mac n cheese was awesome!! Tender lobster atop a bed of mac n cheese!! The steaks were out of this world. They were so tender, it was steaks that literally melted in your mouth and the taste was amazing. The seasoning tasted like a simple salt and pepper but it was a very good  blend and had a great balance! We had sauces to compliment our steaks (not that the steaks needed them) but we had garlic cilantro,  bernaise, merlot, and  bleu cheese sauces. All were great but we liked the garlic cilantro one the most. We then topped it off with dessert, new york cheese cake and creme brule. The crem brule was great custard had a nice texture and the caramelized top was done to perfection!! My moms cheesecake was to die for, it tasted unlike any cheesecake I had before and that was a good thing. You could actually taste the cheeses and it was awesome! So all in all this was a great experience and I will be back for sure. It was great to have such a great meal to share with my mom before she went overseas. Untill next time charcoal room have a great one!
3 The food was really good I had filet Mignon and ribeye the only thing that bad bugged me was that after I ordered the waitress said veggies or baked potato? And I got baked potato not knowing it wasnt a side coming to find out i paid 24 for 2 potatoes. If I knew it wasnt a side I would have got a real side with lots of flavor or a starter,  so that kind of killed my mood. But other than that I like the music, atmosphere, and steak
