1 BEWARE: GET A SECOND OPINION!!!!!!! Made appointment with there franchise 1-800 number, and was told appointment would be like $68 for new patient cleaning, exam and ex-ray. When i got there, i confirmed with receptionist that it would be $68 (not sure if this is exact amount but I'll use it as an example). Was told I had 10 cavities and needed a deep cleaning. Then when i went to pay, the receptionist tried to tell me the visit was like $85! She corrected it when i told her that wasn't what i was quoted. 2 months later, i go to a different dentist, highly recommended by my coworkers. He has been a dentist for 30 years. He tells me i have ONLY 1 cavity (not 10!!) and did not need a deep cleaning at all!!!! Please please please, save yourself TIME AND MONEY and get a second opinion!!!!
1 This place is a ripped off beware of them !!! They lie so much my experience same as Nicole m I never recommend this  place to anyone they r not honest people I'm going to bring my business somewhere else where I know they don't cheat on me
1 So I took my 13 year old son to this place thinking that because its for kids they would treat him with tender n understanding. The first time it was good. He good a check up n x-rays, the second time was when I realized how many people do not care about others and only the money. The dentist was this tall male that wasn't friendly at all. He seemed like if he just wanted to get this over with. The assistant was nicer. But when the doctor started working on my son was when it became worse. He numbed him and in less than a minute he started working on him. Of course I was inside with my son making sure he was ok. Then the doctor and the assistant wer watching a movie, they have televisions in for kids to watch. So every chance they got they would watch t.v. So as they kept working my son raised his hand because something was hurting him and neither the doctor or the assistant noticed him raising his hand. The doctor was working on him and the assistant was focused looking at what the doctor was doing instead of his own responsibilities. I had to stopped them and that's when they stopped working and asked what the problem was. Well the assistant was pinching him with the plastic that sucks in the saliva. Something so simple that could've been avoided is he was only doing his job. I will never return here again.
5 Dr. Raj is amazing!
5 LOVE, LOVE DR. KHAIRAH!  I am a super baby when it comes to going to the dentist.  Anxiety attack city!  I had a deep cleaning and didn't feel a thing!  He took the time to make sure my mouth was numb, and was extremely gentle and thorough.    The staff are super friendly, and I will never go to another dentist as long as he is anywhere within driving distance!  Love you doc!  And thank you!
3 The employees are friendly enough. I've only been here a couple times. My main complaint is it takes forever. I have to plan on being here hours.  Both times I waited over an hour after my appointment time to be seen and then more waiting in the back. It's crazy.
