5 This is by far the best place to take your children for checkups. The doctors are always careful and very friendly with the kids. For emergencies they take you on that same day within an hour, it's wonderful. I take both of my kids here and I've never waited more than 5 min in the lobby to get in. If you don't have insurance they have a discount plan that's very affordable. I've had my share of pediatric experiances with my first child, but I'm threw looking around for Doctors that do care...this is the spot. 50 stars if I could.
4 This place is great.  Lots of Pro's & only 1 Con.  For starters;  -They accept aall insurance & if you don't have insurance they will create an affordable plan, that'll allow you to make monthly payments til it's paid off  -If your child is sick they will be you right away or that day. My 3 month old had breathing problems and they saw her right away. Within 30 minutes.  -The staff is very friendly, especially the nurses. They remember the children and treat them gently. They talk to them, give stickers and ask how the kids are.   -The doctors will answer any and all questions. Even if your apt takes an hour and a half they will do anything to make sure you are comfortable and your child is well taken care of.  -This doctors office is clean and organized  -They have a television that keeps children and parents entertained.  - They always have a nurse on duty at night and during the day to answer any questions you may have. So thats very convenient if its 3am and your little girl has a fever.  -Dealing with insurances can be a hassle & they re very patient and will call the insurance's for you to handle situations or problems.  CON;  -The waiting can be horrid. Once we waited for an hour and a half. I believe that waits are so bad because the doctors spend so much time with your child. Which is good but inconvenient if you have plans or have another apt that day somewhere else. So be prepared to wait or be there overall over 2 hours or so.  ** My daughters doctor is Dr. Sarah Oliver ** she is so friendly, caring and nice. I love her. She give us not only the advice from a doctors point of view but from a mothers point of view also. Its nice to see both sides!
1 I would honestly not recommend this place at all to any one they are very unprofessional in every way especially their staff I remember on March 5th being on the phone with 1 of the staff for like 30-45 minutes getting all information needed in order to take my child there for the first time she never once mentioned that if I was to do a no show or anything was to come up there would be a cancellation fee so it just happens that I had a family emergency where I completely forgot about the appointment I called back to reschedule and the lady would not rescheduled me unless I pay 25 dollars I didn't have a problem paying the 25 dollars since it is for my daughter's health but the fact that the lady never mentioned any no show fee or last minute cancellation fee made me very disappointed I talk to the manager Evan  and she also was not very helpful and in a way did not want me to reschedule she kept telling me that she would not see my child in her clinic unless we pay the 25 dollars which to me again was not fair because it was never mentioned to me; then she also said we dont give you that information unless you come in for your first appointment ....really .....made no since.....not to mention I pretty much shopped for a pediatric office for month's since I was new to the state and then I finnally schedule with them and was 30 mins away from my home but I was willing to do the travel since I heard they were not great but good....wow still cant belive it .....I also work in medical clinic and the way she went about was not okay.....I know for a fact I tell my patients no matter if the patient is new or a old pantient I always tell patients about our No show/ Last min Cancellation fee ......... But I'm guessing that how they make there extra money......Again No recommended......
3 I will have to say that this pediatrics is not my cup of tea. I have two daughters 1 and 3. Each time I have an appt with the doctor they somehow tend to always call me to tell me the doctor will not be in and if we can reschedule or I can come see the nurse practitioner. This has happened a total of six times. Then there was one day I had an appt and called a few hrs prior to my appt bc of an emergency(husband had appendix removed) I got charged 25 dollars for not canceling 24hrs in advance! Doctor never remembers my kids and their emergency after hours call center is terrible! I wait forever for someone to pick but then takes over two hrs to get a call back. Never do I get a call from the doctor herself I get an on call nurse but even after the doctor would not follow up with my child the next day!? Only reason I give this pl three stars are bc the nurses are very nice and place is clean. But if want your child to see a doctor not a nurse partitioner this is not the pl for you.
