2 On our way into Babies R Us next door, I told my niece that we could check out Baby Depot in Burlington Coat Factory after going to Babies R Us.  "I've never heard of Baby Depot!" she exclaimed.  I probably wouldn't have either, except that my brother and sister-in-law we registered there.  My niece's mission for the morning was to buy a her new baby sister a few gifts for my sister's baby shower later in the day.  After picking out a few items at Babies R Us, she decided that she wanted to see what Baby Depot had to offer before she spent her entire $50 budget.  The Baby Depot is located in the back of the store and was rather anticlimactic.  I mean, since they give a special name to that department, I expected a few bells and whistles.  But no.  No bells.  No whistles.  Just a few rows of strollers and baby clothes.  There was also a small section of toys and books, but everything seemed disorganized and chaotic.    My niece seemed an unimpressed as I was.  She did pick out a three-piece pink creeper set with a teddy bear on it, and then decided that she would like to buy her little sister a picture frame.  We looked through the display shelves that had picture frames, banks, baby books, etc.  Then we found a pile of pictures frames stacked haphazardly on some shelves.  I found one that said "Me and my big brother" so I started digging through the frames to find the big sister version.  After knocking a few on the floor (oops!) I found it.  It was deemed the perfect gift for her baby sister.  They seem to have a wider (and more organized) selection of items online and the prices were not any better or worse than anywhere else I'd shopped for baby gifts.
4 The last review for Burlington is a little dated, so here is a quick update.  For those Las Vegans that have experienced Burlington before, this is a throwback to our old favorite.  It's a clothing store like Ross, Marshall's, or Nordstroms Rack.  Name brands past season and seconds that are discounted.  Burlington is a large store with a plethora of name brands in all areas of clothing and apparel for men, women, and children. I'm a fan of all Burlington stores and love shopping for brands that I cannot find at the previously mentioned stores.  This particular location has a great selection of Mek denim and Modern Amusement clothing.  They also feature a great selection of men's suits with tailoring services.
3 Let me just say I am a fan of discount stores in general.  I first fell for them as a young youth when I found out that I had to save all my $ to pay for school clothes every year. A great way to get more bang for your buck...enter Burlington Coat Factory.  Clothes: I purchased recently a cute cute Crimson Seven hoodie accented with glitter and looked way too cute to leave hanging on the rack (never too early and in LV you need layers going in and out of those casinos. outside its 115 but inside it can be below 50.. you just never know) I also purchased a gorgeous pair of Guess heels that were way cheaper than they were @ Marshalls, which I love their shoe dept. usually. I got them for $39 vs. $60+ @ marshalls.  Mens: warning. Do not buy BCBG men's dress shirts. I got one here for my bf and damn. that is like a 40 min. ironing process. Not worth it. If you find Eddie Bauer, get that one b/c those iron like a breeze w/ my Rowenta. As much ironing as I do... I can tell you what irons well and what doesnt. Eddie Bauer is as good as it gets to keeping yourself wrikle and stain free. Also the dress socks are a bargain here.   Bedding: I am also a fan of their bedding here. I got 2, count them 1, 2 sets of 400 thred count for $40. You can't beat that considering I had just got a single set for $39 in Vista, CA where I used to live.   Bathroom accessories: I purchased only the shower curtains and things here b/c most of their other accessories never seem to match. You can't get a full set and if you can.. theres a reason for it. Nobody else wants it either.
3 Needed clothes for the black and white event, so I stopped in after my physical therapy. selection was shocking, I was overwhelmed without my wife! Thankfully there was a nice man who was willing to let his wife spend my money for a few minutes.  I got nice shoes(steve maddens),pants(alpinestars) and shirt(perry ellis) for less the $100, and only took ten minutes. thats how guys like to shop, quick or forget it!!
4 hate clothes shopping.....even worse , clothing for a funeral. needed a dark suit, and decided to give this place a shot.  BTW IF YOURE INTO SHOPPING AT HIGH END STORES AND/OR BOUTIQUE SHOPPING , THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU, THE FLOOR STAFF IS NOT GOING TO BEND OVER BACKWARDS TO HELP YOU......BUT......  after spending some time hunting, and finding something decent, i met Zoya, the tailor that works there. she was fantastic!!!!  she quickly helped me decide between 2 suits, measured me, and even rushed the job, as i was short on time. she was so sweet, and professional,  and hospitable. she even gives candy and cookies. :)   the finished suit looks great.  the prices that burlington offers plus Zoya's customer service makes my return business a sure thing for another suit.
4 They got it right with the jingle. They are indeed more than great coats. I shop here for all sorts of menswear from blazers to ties to socks to shirts. Every location has a different selection of clothing and it can vary widely, but what they do have in stock is always a bargin. I have also bought a couple pairs of shoes that were a great deal.  I have bought multiple designer coats here as well and I would always check Burlington before going anywhere else for outerwear.  The best bargins are probably outerwear, blazers and suit seperates for men.
3 This place is extremely disorganized and a total freaking mess! However, the clothing is stupid cheap so if you are in the mood to treasure hunt this is the place. The racks are suppose to be organized by size but stuff is everywhere so it's really hit or miss. The shoe section looks like it has never been restocked so if you wear over a size 7 1/2 you can forget about it. There are good deals to be had here if you are willing to spend way to much time searching for the good stuff. It's like shopping at Ross or savers but it smells slightly better.
4 Don't shop here for clothes, but they have really nice decorations for your house, and for really good prices.  Their customer service really isn't up to par.  No one walks around asking if you need help and they all frown.  I mean at least smile if your not going to ask anyone if they need help.
4 I've always shopped here for coats or jackets. Good deals for fashionable warmth.  My most recent experience: I bought, what I thought, was a decent coat made by Rocawear: http://cdn.bcf.prod.guidance.com/FileLibrary/d53ff1b390804b35bb28cc6297bd35a7/BCF151183659_L_4.jpeg  I bought it for an upcoming holiday trip to Ohio. Well, the weather has been cold in Vegas lately (Southwest hills), so I had been wearing it. Three weeks later, the zippers on the hood and the front starting slipping and the zipper puller itself broke into two pieces.  Promptly took it back this morning. No questions asked. Showed the receipt and the broken zipper pull, gave me a refund, I got a different brand after paying more attention to the zipper. :) The cashiers were friendly and prompt at both returns and checkout stations.   Keep your receipt!!!!! ^__^
5 I always end up with a had full of stuff from here!  They always have a nice sections of clearance rack stuff.  I love there jewlery, they usually have this lip gloss I love, and it's like 5 or 6 in the box for only $5.00. I bought some last yr, and I still have it.  This is one of those stores, I'm glad it's not around the corner from my house!  Cause I would always be in there.
4 Nicer than the one on Sahara...but collection of clothing not as nice. Nice staff. So if you want the best selection go to Sahara, want to shop at the nicer stores of the two the one on Stephanie is your best bet.
4 One of the nicer Burlington Coat Factory stores we have in town. Located off Stephanie in Henderson. It's large and kept relatively clean and organized which is key for me in a discount store.   The racks were plentiful and they had a decent amount of clothing, shoes and housewares at reasonable prices. The service was friendly when I requested help locating an item as well as at checkout. If I lived in the area I'd make this place a regular place on my shopping rotation.
3 After having a tough time at Babies R US a few store away..... I decided to walk down and check out burlington.  Their store is pretty disorganized, especially their baby section... No one was seated at the Baby registry desk, simply a note by a phone, giving instructions to dial an extension if you need help....  Walking and walking around, not a single employee acknowledged me. However, I was able to find these adorable, bling-y ballet slippers for $6.99. That's half of what BRUS had to offer, and they weren't even on sale/clearance!  Their checkout/register section is about the most high tech thing that they have. It's almost like a deli counter, where it calls out which register is ready and available to take customers.
3 This place is dirty, crowded and overrun but dang, it's cheap! Don't come here expecting a fancy schmancy department store because it's closer to a Goodwill. The aisles are jammed with stuff and the shoe department always looks like a tornado has been through but if you don't mind the thrill of the hunt, you can find some cheap prices here. The brands are mostly off-price type stuff that you'd expect to find at Ross or TJ Maxx but sometimes you can find some mid-range higher end items like Calvin Klein or Ann Taylor. The lines are often long but the prices are usually worth it. Great place to do holiday shopping for cheap gifts that look nice but don't cost a fortune.
1 Nobody is helpful in this store. In the baby section you always have to hunt an employ down and they never have an answer. I had to order a conversion kit for a crib I had bought and the lady helping me went to the back twice oncce to find a model number and once for a pen and it took her 30 minutes each time. I was then told it would take up to 3 months for it to arrive. I called them today since its been three months and the lady on the phone was not smater than a box of rocks. she kept wanting me to wait for someone in the baby department to call me back, which I knew would never happen, so I finally got her to look it up and they already recieved it. Nobody ever called me and would have propably never called me to notify me its ready for pick up. I already paid for this item. Now I just have to hope its there when I go pick up. Plus nobody in the store speaks good english and seem like they never even graduated high school.
1 Can I give zero stars? I purchased sheets for my king bed here in November. After just a few months of use they completely fell apart, ripping at the corners of the fitted sheet and the material balling up in the center. Thinking this company was like any other company in the United States with quality customer service, I tried returning my defective merchandise. I was told the sheets could not be returned if they were used. I understand that they can not resell my sheets. However, they were a defective product! Never again will I set foot in this store, and will tell everybody I know to do the same.
3 Well, this place is just a dump if you ask me. It looks like a train wreck, the stuff is junky, and you really have to dig deep to find something worth buying. If you dig deep enough, though, you're bound to eventually find a hidden gem here.   I despise coming to this store because I don't have enough patience to dig for gold, or to wait on their lines for the rest of the crap they sell. But I have come here a couple of times with a very specific goal... something in mind that I struck out with everywhere else. And BOOM... there it is. Perfect and cheap. This happened to me recently when I needed a suit for an interview in a pinch. I own beautiful (read: expensive) suits but I recently lost a lot of weight and none of them fit right. I didn't have enough time to have them altered, and didn't want to invest in an expensive suit seeing as I'm still losing. I'd struck out at many of the places you'd think of for a "cheap" suit. But I found a great Calvin Klein here in my size for such a steal. For what I needed it for - probably a one-time wear - it was absolutely perfect and I was thrilled with the price.   This type of store isn't my favorite but I'll always keep it in mind as a last resort, or a cheap option when it's something I don't want to invest a lot of money in. But when time is of the essence (i.e., I can't spend forever sifting through trash to find a hidden gem or waiting on ridiculous lines) I'll skip it.
1 The line was 7 people deep and they kept calling for Lorainea to help she walked up ..made an excuse why she couldn't help then Walked away. Mind you there was only one line open. They need more cashiers that care about customer service or a disabled Line if they are going to let people just wait.
