4 Great Happy hour with cheap drinks and cheap food. Happy Hour is every day from 4pm-8pm and 12am-4am. During this time all drinks are half off and all pizzas are half off. It is a local's bar complete with video poker, tv's showing sports, and pool tables. They have a nice menu and sometimes will run promotions like discount on food when a football game is on. You can order burgers, fries, pizza, wings and other stuff I can't remember from the Menu. My only disappointment is that certain bars have certain drinks. One PT's location I got a Mojito for 3 bucks during happy hour, but at another location they don't make Mojito's. The one on Sahara is the one with awesome mojitos, which I just realized is the one I am doing the review for, made by a bartender who I cannot recall his name but I believe works the early happy hour from Thursday to Sunday. Look him up he is a great and friendly bartender. This is definitely the spot to hit up when you have just had the longest work day ever.
1 So I am so sad I have to update my review and give only one star, hopefull the quality of service went down because of the bartender and not the company as a whole.   So my bf, his sister and her friend headed to PT's on Sahara after hitting up a couple of other place. The place was semi empty we found some seats at the back of the bar. One of my friends orders a strong, fruity drink and I order a bloody mary. Well my friend can't tast or smell any alcohol and asks the bartender if he forgot to put it in. He said there is only strong and only fruity, both cannot exist together. The fruity will always hide the liquor. Well after I sipped my bloody mary I realized the bartender was full of crap. My bloody mary tasted like cold tomato juice, no alcohol and no spice. It appears that the bartender doesn't know how to make a drink or just is stingy with the alcohol and has to make some bull answer up, so we paid for the crap drinks and left. I wish I had gotten his name, but he worked 05/22/10 late shift around 12 or 1 am. Please make a not of it.
4 dude this place is what it is a BAR nothing more nothing less, the bar tender looked like he was having a hard time kepping track of all the customers since it was just him but he kept apologizing and acknoliging us every time he passed us. the hubbie and i ordored an order  of wings uh hit the spot we  were buzzn so it was perfect  timing we stayed until 4 am just drinkin and playing some slots here and there i had fun!!! we live down the st so this place is perfect no DUI  for us and left happy. service is good and people are nice the thing about the tranny is deff true!!! i love em power to u girlfriends yall do ur thing in heels or in 80's clothes OK.
2 One of the only PTs where I experienced poor service with no attempt at recovery.  My friend and I stated when we first sat down that we were on a bit of a tight schedule and immediately ordered beers and a pizza. The pizza took 40 minutes. There were 4 other couples in the bar.  The cook brought out plates and a bar buddy 10 minutes after the order. We got excited. 15 more minutes later, we asked the bartender where the food was and he BSed his way through an explanation, then attempted to bring us more plates as a sign that the food was coming.  Kinda crappy. 40 minutes for a PTs pizza :( Don't expect much here.
3 It's just a normal bar. The drinks were just a little lite on the happy mixer. The bartender was very laid back almost looking blazed......lol
2 The food was good, service was great.....yet I am still in utter disbelief that the graveyard bartender waived my 100% tip to the on-coming dayshift bartender(right in front of us) who did not wait on us at all.  If I had known Jason was that independently wealthy, I would have kept my money.  What a slap in the face!
5 I am giving the bartender 5 stars only because there arent 10 stars. BUT the cook on graveyard, who has worked there 9 years, ought to stay in the kitchen because his customer service skills are gone. If it werent for Ryan, my husband and I wouldnt go back.  We usually stop in and have a bucket of wings 1/2 parmesian garlic and 1/2 lemon pepper and they are usually very good. The lemon pepper were so salty that they actually felt like they were burning my tongue. My husband likes a lot of salt and even he said he couldnt eat them. We called the cook over and he was rude.   I was just going to chalk it up and go somewhere else next time but my husband wasnt having it. The cook was rude telling us that "oh well thats the way lemon pepper is.Sorry"  We have had the wings here (another cook) and the lemon pepper was very good. My husband likes them for the saltyness. These were ....terrible and uneatable.  Anyway, Ryan intercepted and made everything right. Its not very often, anymore,  where employees treat the customers in a way that they appreciate their business. It seems like employees everywhere have a bad attitude these days.  I hope it gets back to the days where the customer is treated well. And I thank you very much Ryan.
4 When i'm in town I hit up this  PT's. Close to home. Don't judge..It's in a not so great area but inside its super cute with a nice area to sit and relax. The bartenders are very nice. Not sure what the bald guy's name is, but he's great and always makes good drinks. Also I think her name is Amanda, she's also very cool and knows her stuff when it comes to making drinks. The best time to go is Happy Hour(4-7) I believe?, half off food and drinks. I am a fan of the pizza. thin and crispy and sauce is tasty.
5 I am reviewing on my service only and they are excelling in costumer service. Normally service at pt's pubs are mediocre at best. Our bartender Aluna is amazing and very helpful. We are here on a Sunday morning for football and have no problem getting the bears game. Although at all pt's the sound is only on one tv and it's first come first serve.  The cook is also very professional and timely. The food here is typical bar food and tastes alright. Overall I'm a happy camper.
3 I generally loathe PT's. They are more/less a disease in this valley, sprouting up everywhere. Yet, this one, largely due to the service, was an adequate watering hole.
