5 It is difficult and challenging to write a sexy or even cool review of experiences with a podiatrist, so I won't even try. But maybe the information that follows will be useful to someone.   Summerlin Foot & Ankle, besides giving great professional service, is very customer service oriented. This business is located on the second floor of a modern and brightly lit office building in Summerlin. Its waiting room has always been fairly crowded when I've been there, so it appears that several other persons agree that this is a good place to go for a foot or ankle problem. Friendly staff members are sensitive to the amount of time their customers have to spend in the waiting room--which has numerous interesting periodicals available to help that time pass by quickly--and attempt to move patients into examination rooms as swiftly as possible. And, the examination chairs on which I have perched have all been comfortable leather or faux-leather recliners that look brand new. John Cade, D.P.M., is a very knowledgeable and caring podiatrist. A plaque on his office wall congratulating him for being valedictorian of his podiatric college class stands as testament to his acumen in his chosen field.   Dr. Cade has always taken the necessary time to listen to my description of any new development with my feet since the last visit, and has never shown impatience even after being asked several questions. He has always been gentle when examining feet and administering a cortisone shot, and has the skills to perform everything from removing an ingrown toenail to major foot and ankle surgery. His x-ray equipment is digital, with results in only seconds. And, needed orthotics inserts for shoes are measured in the office just by placing both feet on glass while in a seated position, and making digital foot impressions that are then sent on to a lab for fabrication.   After a patient is asked to fill in several forms regarding past medical history, prescription drugs taken, and insurance information on the initial visit, office staff takes the ball from there, bills the patient's insurance for all services rendered, and avoids hassling the patient about any further record-keeping or insurance matters unless it is absolutely necessary to do so. From beginning to end, a visit to Summerlin Foot & Ankle has always been a pleasant experience for me, and I have never entered in trepidation of what was to come. (Of course, I have never had to face any foot or ankle surgery, so that just might be why! :-) LOL)
4 I really liked Dr. Cade.  He was very calm, informative, and did not rush our appointment, even though I had one of the last appointments of the day and I'm sure he wanted to get home.  He stopped frequently to ask if I had any questions and was very gentle when examining my foot.  I felt really confident in his diagnosis and comfortable with the treatment.  The front office clerk Caleb is really nice and talks to you in the waiting room.
5 Dr. Cade was awesome!!! No wait time & I didn't feel rushed. I would definitely refer him:))
5 I had to take my sister here for a consultation for her broken leg. When she made the appointment, she could only see the doctor that took one of her two medical insurances. When we got there, the front desk attendant informed us that Dr. Cade had freed up due to a cancellation and we could be seen in 45 minutes. It was sweet of her to look out for our best interest.   Once my sister was in, it took some time for her to go through the check up process. It was definitely not a rush job. When she came out, we headed downstairs to run some test. Although I was there for 2 hours, it was not bad. The staff definitely makes it bearable. As we were leaving, we were informed that the office would be making calls to get her into an operating room as soon as possible. Not only did they get her a pre-op check the next day, but the operation two days later. On top of that, the speedy work was also covered under both insurances.
5 I love this office. From beginning to end, a visit to Summerlin Foot & Ankle has always been a pleasant experience for me.  I have been going here for what seems like forever.  The staff pretty much knows me by name, I think that is good ;0)  It would be easier to trade my two feet in for new ones but since that is not possible Dr. Randy Gubler is a great alternative!!  He is very compassionate and caring.  He has performed surgery on both of my feet and I have to say I am so much better for it.    I would not hesitate to have him perform surgery on my feet again, but I am hoping to not have to do that again for awhile. I have even taken my son to see him as well.  His entire staff is awesome!  For the most part getting an appointment is pretty easy.  I recommend him to all my friends and family and I would recommend him to anybody who wants great care!!!!
5 Quite a few years ago I knew someone who had a fight with a lawnmower and lost. Seems as if they got mad at the noncompliance of said mower and gave it a tremendous Hong Kong Phooey kick. The lawnmower won. I won't name names, bit I don't do those types of things anymore. This was the first time I had used the services of Dr. Gubler.  Recently I had chance to use their service again as I was tripped up by a ninja cat walking down some stairs. I found Dr. Gubler to still be a very friendly, informative, and competent physician.  Oh sure, their office has moved around, and is honestly a bit esoteric for my tastes, but the staff is genuinely helpful and they have the latest equipment.   Also, Dr. Cade is a Steelers fan. Having not met him yet, I'm fairly certain he's okay, just on those grounds. Dr, Gubler cheers on the Packers ( but I don't hold that against him ).  So if you routinely, or even infrequently battle either lawnmowers or stealthy cats, this place might serve your Podiatry needs. They also do more mundane and routine work on things like bunions and corns, but don't tell me about it. Eww.
1 My review is based solely on attempting to make an appt with them.  I called 2 times this morning, the first time I was on hold 22 minutes.  I hung up thinking they must be busy and tried a little later, again over 20 minutes on Hold! I never spoke to a human. I can't help but  think if their front line is so under staffed,  too busy or, gasp, couldn't care, then I probably am not interested in seeing any of their Doctors.  What would happen if I needed to talk to a nurse or doctor if I had a problem or a question?
5 I had multiple visits here couple years ago. I had a very resistant infection that needed almost a year of treatment and then eventually had to go to a more serious treatment. Dr Gubler is a fantastic physician. He was always very kind and very understanding of my fears and concerns. He always listened and even called me at home after a procedure to make sure I was ok. I wish there were more Dr's like Dr Gubler. I've only talked to Dr. Cade by phone when a change in medication was an emergency. I felt like he took me seriously and cared about how I felt.  I would definitely recommend either Dr.
