5 Great Dance School. Great Teachers. Great Office Managers/Staff. Kids love it here.
2 This place is just not my fave. Classes are so big that kids are not engaged as much as they ought to be. Dance instructors are inconsistent. My daughter had a different instructor every week. Decent prices, small location, friendly staff. S1 just didn't live up to my standards.
5 We left another dance studio in Jan.(at my kids request) and switched to S1SWDA and have never looked back.  Both of my children take classes here and absolutely love it!  The front desk staff is very professional, helpful and very welcoming. The quality of instruction here is outstanding and the positivity that the teachers exude is refreshing!  We do not live in SW part of town and drive quite a distance to attend this studio and it is worth the drive!  I love the automatic payments and that I can look up my account information and make changes on-line.  I also like that there is only one  recital per year and that I was able to choose my seats when I bought the tickets. All this and the Dance Shoppe is right next door.
2 ok so before writing this review I wanted to write to someone straight from the school but was unable to find a contact name/email so here I go.....ok initially when I signed my daughter up, had no problems, she loved the class, staff is great but months into it I start noticing a few things I did not like.  It seems to me like her class was not getting recognition like the other classes, Its almost like who cares about these kids or this class, they dont compete so who cares.  Mind you its 5-7 yr olds.  now  the recital approaches, every single class has a parent volunteer in their room, our class has no one, we also tell some of the other instructors and still no one shows up to be with them,    these poor kids have no volunteer no guidance what so ever, their teacher is no where to be found, the teacher wasnt there on rehearsal day either, Every single instagram picture is of every other performance and none of our class.  Its just annoying coming from a parents stand point.  Our kids in this class might not compete but lets not treat them like as if they are nothing and do not exist, Im sorry its just wrong on so many levels and very sad to say the least.  Im going to try this school out one more year in hopes next year I have a better experience, Lets see.
