1 If I could leave no stars I would. What a horrible company from the experience to the way they treat you AFTER you have signed on the dotted line!! My mom and I paid cash to have our pools done. I could not get any cooperation as far as phone calls and advance notice on anything. I have kids and dogs and it was just not suitable to my everyday life to have random people show up whenever they pleased. They talk to you like they are doing you a grand favor and make you feel like you have just no idea what is going on or that you shouldn't. Sad that spending $50-$60k can't get you any kind of courtesy. I would NOT NOT NOT recommend this company!! This was for the one located off of Blue Diamond.
1 I have also had a horrible experience with Desert Springs Pools. We have had to explain the plans to every construction crew that has come to our house because the foreman in charge has given them all the wrong plans. What's the point of sitting down for an hour with the designer to revise the plans when they are going to just throw them away??  Not to mention we had to call the company two-three times a day every day for two weeks to get the deposit of $2,000 they promised us for our HOA and GO FIGURE we ended up just paying it with our own money because they gave us the run around and I was SICK OF IT!!  I do not and will not recommend this company to anyone. The actual guys who come out and do the work are very nice, very helpful, and do a great job. But the people in charge at the main office are RUDE, extremely RUDE (especially the lady at the front desk) and my husband and I have hated working with them.
5 The guys that we have worked with have been nothing but professional. Its such a large expense to put in a pool and they certainly have made it easy for our family. Paul spent a ton of time at our house and created several different revisions to match our desires and budget. Paul the foreman was ALWAYS available to help me with any questions. He also came out regularly to make sure things were going well including prepping for the freeze. Brandon in the office was always helpful and addressed ever issue in a timely manner. The pool in complete and looks great!!! Thank you Desert Springs Pools
1 I  love the salesperson that helped us mike. But, the company is horrible. I feel like I'm getting the run around.  Last Friday they told me the inspector was coming and today we called and they told us someone was coming over to check if the inspector was. Here. Isn't it easier to contact the inspector. I wish I could cancel my contract and go with another company. The follow up is horrible.
1 This is the worst company ever. They have managed to make a wonderful experience a nightmare. No follow up. We call they say" oh we will get back to you" we promise.  Customer service is lacking big time. I have a pile of dirt in front of my garage for a month. They keep telling us someone is coming to pick it up. I know a friend of mine who has gotten an estimate and has not signed yet. I hope I can talk her out of using this company.
