5 Been using Garrett Cooper for years, very happy with their quality of work and I appreciate their tax education. When we first began using them they amended out tax returns for the 3 previous years (which H&R Block had done). Not only were our original returns wrong they also left us open to a possible tax audit! Garrett Coopers people corrected our return minimizing our risk for audit and got us some money back by taking advantage of many deductions H&R originally missed. Now, Garret Cooper does our taxes, our business taxes, and 10 or so of our friends and family's taxes.  Fantastic people, quality and educated work, and affordable!
5 When it comes to taxes, we've been using Garrett Cooper for the past five years, at least.  Rick and Dennis are business partners and owners with many of their family members involved in the operation.  Everyone is always very friendly and accommodating with appointments every year before the April 15th date approaches.  This year I had to change my appointment twice, but they were able to fit me in based on my schedule.  Both Rick and Dennis have done our taxes over the years and both gentlemen are very knowledgeable about the tax codes and helpful with information, making an often stressful experience less so. I just show up with the requisite paperwork and they take it from there.  I recommend them highly.
5 I have been using Garrett Cooper & Associates for the last 3 tax seasons. I was referred to them by a friend after having multiple years of horrible service at H&R Block and trying to prepare my taxes on my own.  I have always made my appointments with Rick and have always had a wonderful experience. He is a former IRS auditor and knows what he's talking about. He is a chill, laid back older gentleman and I just love him. I have never gotten as much money back on my returns since I have started seeing Rick. I am literally tripling my previous returns. Even if you can't see Rick, Dennis is just as great and their staff (including their respective wives and kids) are always pleasant.  Make sure you make your appointment in early January as they fill up fast. Rick goes to California every other week when tax season starts so you'll have to catch him while he's here.   They are located on Lake Mead Blvd past the Fiesta Henderson, directly across from the Target shopping center. They are in a little building that used to be a house so don't miss them! Think of  them for next year's taxes, you won't be disappointed.
1 The only reason I am leaving this review is that I saw that one of the people in this firm joined LinkedIn so I go the update. I wanted to warn you, use this firm at your peril.  Unfortunately, the same experience as at least one other reviewer in terms of response time.  I used Garrett Cooper for many years and I very rarely got an answer back via phone in any sort of reasonable time frame.  The last year I used them I received an inquiry from the IRS 2 years later and Rick Garrett was nowhere to be found. Call after call to find out what the IRS wanted and how I should respond went unanswered. When I finally just showed up at the office some months later, I got excuses about major life events and no answers.   It may be that these guys are a notch above H&R Block,  but the bar must be pretty low. I own a business with very complicated returns and it took me years to recover from the blunder and lack of response from Garrett Cooper. It's one thing to tout your history as a federal employee as core credential, it is entirely another to actually put that expertise into practice.
