4 This is a friend's go to place for pollo and carne asada. I had it a while back and noted how tasty it was. The meats are nicely marinated and tender. More so than those I've had at Mariana's. He grilled up both again for Super Bowl. Seriously, good! I made him give me the location so I can stop in for my own supply. Soon, I'll have the husband fire up the grill and we'll have ourselves a fiesta.
4 Great little mercado!  Anyone who misses the little neighborhood mercados in LA or San Gabriel will appreciate this place.  Awesome meat counter and ceviches.  Good value!
5 This your one stop spot for any Mexican style grilling. Their marinaded meats can't be beat by any store anywhere.  I've been to both Cardenas and Mariannas and Islena puts them both to shame. They seriosly specialize in grilling and when I started buying from here people starting mistaking me for some Mexican grilling master. I'm not and you can be a fake Hispanic grilling master too. Simply shop here.  Truly a hidden gem and great value for the price!
3 This little market makes some killer salsas. I can get the mex fruit popsicles I like so much some of those popsicles are even flavored with salt and chili. Thats why the 3 stars.  I don't recommend the meats, however.
5 Delicious meat!!! Best carne asada in town. I drove over 30 min to get here and it was well worth the drive. The Marinated Chicken here is very delicious. Very friendly staff.
5 Great selection of meats and chicken with great deals. Very friendly and helpful staff.
5 Best Al Pastor in town. Best pre-marinated meat period.
5 If you're looking for carne asada, ceviche, or any type of meat for a BBQ, this is the place.  Best carne asada I ever had, very juicy and  seasoned perfectly,  all you need to do is put it on your grill.
5 It's all about the meats.  Fire up the grill and get ready for a full on Mexican fiesta in your backyard!  They have an amazing selection of marinated meats at ridiculous prices.  You name it, they've got it at prices lower than you can buy any regular, non-marinated meat on sale at the grocery store.  Meat prices are anywhere from $1.49 - 4.99/lb.  Short ribs, steak, pollo, pork in a variety of marinades and cuts - fajita spice, adabada, you name it.  They also offer salsa, guacamole, beans, rice in pre-made packages.  The green salsa is soo freaking yummay.  They're kinda hidden at the Rainbow/Smoke Ranch intersection.  I've driven by dozens of times and never noticed the spot until I discovered it on yelp and actually hunted it out.    Our backyard smelled adabada-rific, in fact we could overhear neighbors walking along the sidewalk commenting on the delicious grill aromas drifting over the walls.  And before finishing his first fajita, bf proclaimed he we was giddy with the meat sweats.
2 I babe mixed emotions on how I should rate this place. Let me start of by saying this place has excellent customer service. The employees are super friendly and the guy behind the counter was patient enough to explain the seasoning on the meats I bout 4 different kids and only are 2 of them. This is where zero stars start. The meat was more color than flavor if that makes any since. At first glance you'd think it would be packing flavor since it had all the seasoning on it but no let me tell you how disappointed I was when I went home and cooked it. No flavor at all on the meats. I ended up adding my own seasonings to it which kind of defeats the purpose of paying a little extra for it.   I ended up dumping the other 2 cuts of meat due to no flavor and the meat was not tender at all.   If you want good cuts of meat with tons of flavor at a reasonable price then head over to Larry's meat market
