5 WOW Great service. They arrived early. Great communication. I would recommend them 100%. They move your furniture and clean the entire floor. Very professional crew. I have to agree with the other reviewer that the staff is always courteous and very easy to work with.
5 I just realized that after using Raysco 3 times, I've never left them a review. I'm surprised because I really like this company, so I am here to fix that.  The first time we used them was 2 years ago when moving into our rental. Our family has pet allergies and we can't live in a house that has had pets in it. Unfortunately, a lot of the time with rentals, you can't be sure if a pet has been there. We called raysco because of the recommendation from our realtor and they came out and cleaned all air ducts, deep cleaned the carpets, and also did the tile. Our house not only looked better than the first time we saw it, but we also didn't have any allergies to the house!   We've been living in that same house over 2 years now and have used them twice since then for carpet cleaning. The guys doing it have always been wonderful and done a thorough job.   They might cost a few more dollars than renting a machine from a store but seriously after you drive to the store, rent the machine, buy all the cleaner, and do the hard work yourself, you aren't saving much, if anything. Plus, these guys do a better job and all you have to do is call and make an appointment.   What's that? You saw a sign on a street corner for $20 carpet cleaning? Well, I'll save you the time and money and tell you that it won't really be $20 and they will try their hardest to rip you off after coming to your home with a sketchy, unmarked van. (It's happened to more than one friend.)   Ok, review over. Call Raysco!
5 This company works magic on your carpet.  I had my 1500 sq foot house done, stairs and all.  You would not believe the stains that were clearly removed.  Stains that other companies told me couldn't be removed by conventional carpet cleaning.  Like spilled red cough syrup.  GONE!  Their professionalism is second to none!  On time, trustworthy (I left him in the house alone) and completed when they say they will be completed.  They are always professional and knowledgeable and don't try and up-sell you on anything.  The carpeting dried quickly, was soft and the house looked brand new.  The price is ALWAYS right too!
2 This will be a luke-warm review, as we are happy with the areas Raysco actually managed to clean, but disappointed with the overall experience. We won't be using this company again, even though we were referred to them through our Realtor at Americana Prudential.     THE BAD:   * The Raysco techs arrived an HOUR AND A HALF LATE because the sales rep who took my order did not correctly take down my street address or zip code. They called to let me know they'd be a half-hour late and when they called a half-hour later, the tech was surprised to learn he was on the other side of Henderson from where we live. He tried to make it sound like it was my fault, but they took down my address incorrectly. The techs ended up being an hour and a half late, which really messed up my schedule later in the day. Not the best first impression, but an understandable misunderstanding.     * I explained to them that I work from home in an office area quite near where they would be working, but they seemed unconcerned about my work as they proceeded to have hours long conversations over their already loud equipment. The equipment I expected, the constant shouting over the noise about their love lives, not so much.  * I also have two cats. They did not give me the opportunity to herd my cats into the office before they propped open the front door and started working. I had to go upstairs to "rescue" a very scared kitty mid-way through the job and they didn't bother to stop when I came down the stairs with an obviously distressed animal that was trying to claw my arms off to get away from their machine.     But those sorts of things happen. Here's what happened that SHOULD NOT have ever happened: The techs had no idea how much my job was supposed to cost and I refused to sign anything more than the price I was quoted. Once we got through that, they started the job and all of the above mentioned occurred. When they were finished, I went through the areas to inspect. One whole closet in the hallway was still incredibly dirty and it was obvious they did not clean it. I used a Lysol wipe and swiped one square to tile to show the main tech that they missed the closet. He looked at me point blank in the face and said "Oh, no, we definitely cleaned that closet." Because of this, I gave him the benefit of the doubt. My mistake. Everything else looked great, so they left.  After they left, I walked through the house in my bare feet. The clean tile felt so good! Later that night, I had to go into the aforementioned closet and I suddenly felt the difference on my feet. I was definitely NOT clean. I got down on my hands and knees to make a video of how filthy it was. Not only did they not do the complete job they were paid to do, they lied to me about it. I wasn't very happy.    Then, I began to find areas that weren't clean around corners and door facings. And then I found where they splashed the dirty tile water all over my real wood furniture in the living room and didn't bother to wipe it off. I also found damage on the outside of the house where they had their machines plugged into the electricity. But, the job was done and I certainly didn't want them to come back, so I held my peace ... until we received a survey in the mail from Raysco. I wrote them an email detailing all of this. They wrote me back to apologize, told me they'd do whatever necessary to make us happy and to please send photos. After he got the photos, I got a short, curt email telling me that there was no way possible his techs caused the outside damage. That was it. No more offers to make anything right, discounts for future service. Nothing. He basically called me a liar and I haven't heard from them sense except their ridiculous rebuttal on Angie's List that I somehow had given them a glowing review. Not so. I also do not give unfair reviews. I understand that he felt like they did not cause the outside damage. I can get over that, we're having the house painted. However, to not even acknowledge the others issues is very unprofessional.   THE GOOD:   Raysco gave us a phenomenal discount for going through our Realtor and having the grout in our tile sealed the same day, as well as having two pieces of living room furniture cleaned. The tile areas the team cleaned look great and we were happy with the results. Our sofa and chaise lounge look new again. Over all, I believe we got a great deal at a price I was comfortable paying. Unfortunately, the sales person's later attitude and incorrect information on their Angie's List rebuttal to my review cause me to not be able to recommend this company.
5 These guys deserve a great review.   They are on time, professional, polite, go above and beyond to make sure you are happy. I've used many carpet services in my 60 plus years of life and these guys are the best I've found. Highly recommend them
5 Well we have been living in our rental 4 years now and are still using Raysco. Still always on time, professional, super friendly, and do a really great job. Sign up for emails...sometimes they send out specials that way!
