5 Accidents happen...sigh... So let's just say someone who shall remain nameless wrecked their car, and it was pretty gnarly. In fact, it was a Friday right around rush hour and said person had to have it towed to a body shop with a good reputation in a hurry (blocking a travel lane during rush hour is apparently quite frowned upon). :( I have it on good authority that New Look Collision Center is a great choice.   New Look has their own towing company, and they sent a truck out in a jiffy! The next day they called and got all of the paperwork in order.  Parts were ordered the day the insurance company came out, and the car was fixed, detailed, and good as new less than 2 weeks later. One of the great things about New Look is that they have an open door policy.  You can check on the status of your vehicle any time (as long as it is not in the paint booth). Also, you can check photos of the progress that is being made on the web. Everyone there is very friendly and knowledgeable. New Look Collision Center can make a bad situation a little less of a hassle...I know if I ever wreck MY car, I will surely bring it back...I mean, try them out. ;)
5 I want  to have more accidents so I can get my car fixed and serviced there! I love this place they are attentive to detail and are willing to help you get out of there as fast as possible!
5 Went to get a quote and Had the most friendly and Beautiful woman help me out! Lynneve makes me want to have a fender bender every week she is that cool! I recommend this place to everyone!  dabluzking
5 Really really really great service from Renn and the work was excellent.
5 When someone hit my parked baby, Lexus said they use New Look Collision. I now know why! Ren has great customer service and the repair job was above and beyond my expectations. My car looks better today than when I first bought it. Tell your friends...best repair center in town!
5 I bought my first new car about three months ago. After going through two automatic car washes (don't do this; hand wash) I had one tiny scrape on my bumper and a pretty sizable scratch on my driver's side wheel wale. I was absolutely crushed and I knew that I had to get it fixed. I visited about five different shops and the customer service at all of them was terrible and the prices were just as bad.  $400-500 was the norm. I was just going to live with the scratch. Until I visited new look auto body.  They did the whole job for about half what the competitors offered and they fixed the tiny scratch on my bumper for free.   Highly recommend for any and all jobs. Thank you again new look collision.
5 It's not a good day when u get in a car accident. It's a tough situation you find yourself in. One of the biggest questions is  where to take your car to get fixed. Well if you decided to take it here, I'm sure you will be satisfied!!!   The costumer service here if awesome! They are in constant communication with you to let you know the status of your vehicle. My car looked phenomenal! It was only four months old when I got hit. And it really looked like I was rolling off the dealers lot yet again.   The place is leaps and bounds ahead of other body shops we have been to!!  This is the most satisfied I have ever been.  My husband who is extremely picky when it comes to his cars is satisfied as well. He was impressed on how clean the car was and how smooth and well buffed out it was. I loved the paint job that was done on it!!  I will defiantly recommend this body shop to friends and family and if I am ever in need again I will be going back as well.  Thank you New Look for making my baby look and feel new again!
5 Most people who go to a collision center because they got into some kind of collision! Whether it was with a tree, another car, or a pole it happens right?   You know what else happens? Rude people stealing your car and using it like it had no meaning to anyone in the world. My car was stolen a few weeks ago. Right when I got back from vacation! I was going down the stairs of my apartment and did one of those, "wait a minute, did I park at the other row?", kind of like what we all do at the mall or store. However, I knew where I parked it and it was not there. The closer I got I could finally see the glass on the ground, which indicated that someone took my car.   That is an experience I NEVER wish to experience again. When the police did fine my car it was just not pretty on the inside. Luckily my rims and tires were still there and no real damage to the outside was done, but the inside looked like a group of teenagers had a party in my car. Oh and took the music with them!   Geico is my insurance company and New Look has a Geico base within their facility. One of the adjusters took my car there to have it evaluated and so forth. It was actually a pretty easy process. Ren (I think that was his name), was the man who was assigned to my case at New Look. Him and his team did a really great job with turning my back into what my car use to look like. It will never be the same to me, because I have a different stereo and the images of what it did look like, but they did a good job restoring her.   The customer service was great. They really just treated me well and their facility is nice. It is in the back of a bunch of other office buildings, kind of in the nook of it all, but it is a great place.   I am hoping to never return to them, but life happens so if that is the case I would probably bring my car back to them if it is not totaled. That would be sad.   Thank you New Look, you really did give her a new look! :)
1 These people have been horrible to deal with for me. Originally was given a 3 week repair time on my truck. Then the day before it was supposed to be done they bumped there time frame another 4 weeks and claimed it was a backordered part (How did they not already know this?). Then ended up adding another week last minute. All in all what was supposed to be a 3 week repair ended up being 8 weeks with piss poor communication between.   Now I have had the truck back for 2 months and keep noticing things they didn't fix right. Many spots where the clear coat was buffed wrong, Didn't replace a clear bra that they charged the insurance for, loose front fog light (After looking behind the bumper the electrical was not even corrected and it is missing a screw), bubbles in some of the paint work they did, the truck sits 1" towards the driver side, they scratched the door and did a half ass job fixing it. My list could keep going on and on.    I brought the truck in 2 weeks ago to get these issues addressed. The manager BJ assured me they would get everything together and get it all fixed and to wait for his call. A week later I called them after never getting a return call and he hadn't done anything (Completely forgot). Now it is another week without communication. At this point I wont trust them to have the truck at all and will gladly pay elsewhere to get their mistakes repaired.   Horrible communication, piss poor repair quality and NO professionalism.   Also this is a BRAND NEW truck. Not an old vehicle where I am just finding other issues to try and blame on them. The truck was one month old after the accident. I urge everyone to not get sucked into their nice building and look around before you trust them with your vehicle.
5 Very happy with results from work done at New Look Collision Center. Classic under-promise/over-deliver with difficult to match three step color repaint. The end result surpassed what I expected to get. A bonus was the professional and courteous way the personnel at New Look handled my request to re-paint.
5 Showed up, got an estimate in less than 2 minutes, and was out the door again. They told me about their 10% off coupon on their website so I came back and they completed the work in 4 days. They told me it would take 3 days but to plan on 4 for a car rental so it worked out perfectly.   Car looked just as new as it did before the accident and it cost exactly what the estimate said it would. They personally walk you out to your car and even send you a thank you card a week later.  Can't get any better than that! Definitely go to these guys.
5 These guys are serious about quality and service.  While my car was being serviced they emailed me daily with status reports.  Everything was done on time and I can't tell that there was any body work done to my car.    Best experience I've had with any car service.
5 Having someone hit your car is NOT a nice experience... But having these guys asses the damage was! Very kind and personable, and also efficient. Was in and out in a jiffy and got some friendly conversation along the way--couldn't ask for more!
5 Outstanding work done by a very friendly staff. I've had my car back from them over a month now, and my vehicle looks just swell!
5 Had done a few go sees at other collision centers, and kept going.   This place? Clean. Energetic neat staff. Up to date. Fast. Professional.   You can't go wrong here.
5 This place is awesome. Not only did they repair it quickly, but everything was completed professionally and properly. I highly recommend them.
