1 If you are searching for a Condo, find a Condo.. THESE ARE APARTMENTS!!  Not condos.  The speed bumps are horrible, parking is ridiculous.  And since they are privately owned, ANYONE and I mean ANYONE can move in.  Some of the loudest and rudest people.  And to get Security to get off their lazy bums is not going to happen. Unless they happen to be out on patrol.  Its a gated community yet cars are broken into, or spray painted on.  HOA is of no help either, not to mention if you end up buying be leary.. They allow HUD!  Which brings the property value down on your home.  But alas some of us are stuck here in the POINTS recreation.  Until we can get out of the screw ball of paying mortgage too high for an APARTMENT!  Its just not worth it.
5 Great community.  Been here 2 years now and no problems.  Clean, safe, quiet with a pretty good mix of people here.  Great location near the strip and you get a lot of bang for your buck here.  Secure gated community with 6 swimming pools, 6 tennis courts and 3 fitness centers.  Palm trees everywhere and the community is very well maintained.  Don't let the idiots complaining about speed bumps scare you away.  Come check out Bella Vita and you will be very impressed with it for the prices they are asking.
2 It actually seems like a nice place at first.  I've been here a week.    If you want to rent an apartment here, you MUST do the following: * be 100% sure your unit does not have German cockroaches.    BUILDING 307 has German cockroaches as of right now, and it seems to have been an issue for at least the past year.  (Writing this as of April 15, 2014.)    I've had friends live here in the past with no cockroach issues.    However, my unit in building 307 has German cockroaches, where are EXTREMELY CHALLENGING to remove.  I use Yelp regularly, so if you ever read some other person's comments saying "We dealt with this" feel free to send me a private message to determine if its still a problem, or whether I still live here.  I have a year lease and I'm not sure if I can break it.  *sigh*  Unfortunately any efforts will require cooperation with neighbors, one of which have said they have no problems, and my neighbors who share a wall with me say they have issues, but seem to not care, they have accepted that it will be a problem, so "100% cockroach-free" is impossible in this current unit.  My recommendations for doing so would be to ask the landlord for a key so you can visit the place at 2am, **OR** to ask for a clause in your agreement that allows the lease to be canceled in the first 30 days if you don't like the place.  I wish I knew to be sure of this, as I'm OCD and it simply never occurred to me that there would be any issues like this.    If this issue were not present, I would say this place was AMAZING to live in, but I now understand why many people want to live in a HOUSE rather than an APARTMENT/CONDO...which is because it is DETACHED from other people's property, so even if you are a renter, you can still do what you need to do to leave your property/home free and clear of pests.    PS lol at the "speed bumps" as being the major pain with being in this complex.  Then again I'm near the front so I don't have many to run over on the way out...I think 1 bump?
1 This place is beautiful and we loved living here. However. Do not rent form Sally Ray. Let me tell you about my Dr. Jekyll  and Mr. Hyde experience. She was nothing but sweet and any changes that I needed to make to my lease she helped me with. But the trouble was we got moved from Vegas to Spokane WA a month and 11 days before the end of my lease. I was in constant communication and asked what she would need to do. She only asked for the full month and everything would be fine. Not once did there seem to be anything wrong. We even left her a forwarding address for our deposits. Not once did she say we wouldn't get them back. It's been over thirty days and no call or letter letting me know why I haven't received anything. I tried calling once a week and sent a couple of text to get a hold of her with no response. Finally after about 6 wks I get the NASTIEST phone call. Completely out of her character. Cursing at me, my boyfriend and my dogs. There was nothing she wouldn't say to get her point across. We had lease addendum's for the dogs and my boyfriend moving in. Everything was in writing but I guess the wasn't good enough for her. Don't waste your time renting here. She may look like a sweet old lady but she is as SOUR as they come.
