5 Only Dr. Blanton provided relief from the pain I experienced from a severe car accident.  After eight months of orthopedic doctors, three physical therapists, and another chiropractor, only Dr. Blanton addressed the causes of my pain and made a plan for my recovery.   Not only did he work on my spine issues, his adjustments of my hand relieved pain in two of three fingers and allowed me to again pick-up small items without pain.  My initial treatments with Dr. Blanton were at the Green Valley Office of Mountain West Chiropractic.  I now see him at the Aliante office even though it is a long drive for me; he is worth it.  Dr. Blanton is a successful healer because he uses both his mind and heart when treating his patients.  He combines the precision of diagnosing spinal misalignments with both X-Rays and analyzing software with listening to his patients.  He then creates a customized plan with his patients using treatments, like chiropractic adjustments, traction therapy, electric muscle stimulation, ice, and stretches.    I like that the treatment plan's goal is to create a permanent change in the spine's alignment and that the patient will be able to wean off frequent treatments and only need periodic maintenance treatments.  Of course successful recovery does require the commitment of the patient especially during the initial weeks of treatment.  Not only do I receive quality treatment at Mountain West Chiropractic, the staff is friendly and shows a concern for my well being.  I have recommended Dr. Blanton to my friends and family, and would encourage others to try their services.
5 Miracle Workers! The staff is friendly and Dr Blanton is the best. My pain is gone thanks to him.  The staff and Dr. Blanton will take as much time with you as you need.  This is so much more than a chiropractor office of old. They don't just treat the symptoms but find the cause and treat that!
5 Doctor Blanton and Esmeralda provided top quality care for my wife and myself.  He found and resolved a back issue that 3 hospitals and 12 MDs couldn't.  He also removed a 4" scoliosis curve in my back that could only be resolved by surgery - according to MDs. I trust Dr Blanton with all my medical care now.  Update:  it has been several months since Dr Blanton finished realigning my spine.  I still see him monthly for adjustments.  My whole physiology has improved remarkably!  I figure Dr Blanton extended my mobility indefinitely.  This is a tremendous gift!
5 I only have one thing to say... Dr. Blanton and Esmeralda are hands down THE BEST! Dr. Blanton is extremely knowledgeable and talented at his craft.  Not only did he diagnose my injuries but put his medicinal protocol to work and got me better!  Doc truly loves what he does and cares for all of his patients' well being.  Dr. Blanton and Esmeralda were flexible and worked around my random schedule to insure that my needs were met and that we stayed on our treatment plan.  So glad to have met such a wonderful facility and I highly recommend them any day of the week!
