3 This Village Pub is one of the nicest of this small Las-Vegas based chain of pubs.  Both ordered easy over eggs, breakfast potatoes, bacon and wheat toast.  This restaurant is a few steps up the food chain from Ellis Island which it shares common ownership.
3 The Village Pub is a fun little Pub on Eastern Ave.  This Las Vegas based chain of Pubs offers great breakfast specials and good drinks 24 hours.  The Pub itself has the feel of a TImber's lodge or Sierra Gold more than your neighborhood Pt's.  Overall, a nice place to stop in and grab a drink.
1 I have been a village pub customer since they opened in 2005. The food used to be good and inexpensive. They used to have the best lamb dinner on Sundays. Now the food sucks and is expensive and they got rid of the lamb dinner. This is the location on eastern and wigwam. The service is now awful. Chantel the manager is awful and rude and phony. The whole place has gone downhill in the toilet!!
4 We always get good service here. I don't remember her name but we usually have the blonde waitress and even when its busy she keeps it handled.   Mom and I usually get the steak special but I haven't had anything bad here.  I have tried the chicken fingers, potato skins, breakfasts and brownie dessert. Everything has been a win so far! The prices are good and I never leave hungry.   This is one of my preferred bars to munch at. :)
4 I asked the front desk manager at the Hampton Inn if there were any good restaurants near by. Travis recommended The Village Pub just a short walk around the corner. OK. The Village Pub is in an old strip center. It is so totally non descript from the street that I nearly walked right by it. It is an old, creepy red leather,  red carpet pub divided in to two sections, the smoking, drinking section and the non smoking restaurant section. I sat in the restaurant section. I asked my server what their signature dish was and without hesitation he said the fish and chips. That is what I ordered along with a glass of merlot. I know, I know you are supposed to drink white wine with fish. I was in a creepy old Las Vegas Pub so I took liberties and ordered red. The fish and chips were delicious and I am not kidding! The size of the serving was crazy big. The clientele was interesting. Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience at the Village Pub. If I stay at this particular Hampton Inn again, I will come back to the Village Pub for the fish and chips.
4 Better than average food for a bar.  Good prices, especially for their specials (some of 'em not advertised).  Steak and Eggs breakfast is specially priced before 11am on weekdays and before 2pm on weekends, but their coffee sucks... really bad.  Orange Roughy is great.  They also serve the best fried chicken in LV, however I'm not sure they sell it anymore.  Service is haphazard... which isn't a bad thing.  The same waiter that serves you probably won't be the same person that brings it to your table.  It's more like a team than an individual server.
3 I've only been here for lunch. When I went the place was a ghost town. I almost decided to not go in, but I'd heard people say the food was good.   They have a small lunch special menu from 11-2 that has 4-5 items to choose off of. Most are moderately priced at $5.95.   I selected the taco salad. It was good however there was nothing special about it. It was a nice portion and tasty.   The service was very nice and prompt. I have nothing negative to say about the restaurant, just nothing stood out to make me want to return. I wouldn't refuse a return visit, however.
5 John and Rachel are wonderful here. Food is delicious and service is excellent. Prices are great also. Jamie is also very good as well. Brandon is great too
3 Regular visitors for years. Food only for us...no machines.  Like the room and the food. Must be good value as it always filled with seniors.
5 I've never lived in Henderson/Green Valley, but have been to a couple of the village pubs around town. I've never been to any more than once, but it always seemed to me they were dark, and the bartenders were always incredibly attentive. They have microbrews on tap instead of standard fare, but I can dig it. The food is mostly great! I haven't had anything bad, just one dish was kinda oily. They have $2 happy hour specials, half price apps. I don't know about the restaurant, but in the bar area, everyone has been ridiculously good looking. When the cooks come out to serve me my dinner, I start drooling for reasons unrelated to food. ;) And if you're into machines, it seems to be pretty good. They've held onto some of the OOOOOLD school Gamblers Bonus machines.  You can bet up to 100 units on the blackjack and double down on things other than "11", so that's super dope, if you're into that. It's definitely an older crowd too.
5 Vegas has the advantage of giving us Two Worlds. One is the world of the Tourist Elite; The finest hotels, clubs, amenities, entertainment and dining are all here for them... and we can enjoy some of them on occasion to "splurge". The other world is our  world; The "Locals" World. Casinos with better deals and smaller lines. A room for $30 when you don't feel like driving home. Fremont Street when the Circus isn't in town. Bars and clubs with 1/2 off specials and table/bottle service that doesn't cost a car payment.  And a 24 hr bar/ fine enough dining venue for a 24 hr person. That place/s is the Village Pub. Their Steak and Daily specials are not to be outdone in price or quality. The room gives you a "Classic Vegas" feel with big red booths, wood trim and a service that makes you feel like you ARE the Big Wheel in the room.  The sports bar is sealed off so no smoke to affect you. They have locations all over town so there's always one nearby. And the prices? The way I eat (BIG)... you can sit , eat well and enjoy for what you would be paying at McDonald's. Nuff said.
5 Great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner... Best ribs around !!  A lot easier than going to Ellis Island !!!  Staff is great too !
5 From the staff to the "regulars," this is by far the best place in town. The food is terrific, the staff (particularly John, the manager) treat you like family, and you can't beat the value.
4 Try the cobb salad. It's fantastic. A bit dreary inside, very dark, but the food makes up for the lack of atmosphere. Great place for breakfast too.
5 A great local place. Ok so its a bit dark, but the prices cannot be beat $12.99 for a rack of ribs. They also have one hell of a happy hour! 1/2 price drinks that are already cheap as the dickens and half price appetizers. Give this place a try instead of fast food. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5 A family friendly bar with seperate dining, great food, and great prices. Love their dinner specials!
5 The staff, the food, the gaming... It's my favorite spot... A nice reminder that there is a home away from home and it's just around the corner.. My favorite bartender is Jamie! The Thursday night girl.. She keeps it clean and fun and always has a recommendation that suits the chefs eye! This place will always hold a special place in my heart that makes my mundane 9-5 just a bit more tolerable.. Thanks for everything Village pub. You're the apple of my eye!!!
5 I have been to The Village Pub at this location several times.  I'm not quite a regular but I'm close to being a regular.  I always eat in the bar area even though I don't smoke because of the big screen t.v.'s.  It doesn't matter what shift I walk into the place on the bartenders greet me by name and by the time I have a seat at the bar my drink is waiting for me.  They remember what I eat as an appetizer and how I like it ordered.  I have had several items on the menu and all have been really good.  As far as bar food goes this place has it right.  Great food very good pricing and most importantly an amazing staff that seem to be happy at work.  A few food items I've had and loved the Chicken pot pie, chicken wings, philly steak sandwich, and the breakfast special.
5 Our second kitchen. We are here at least once a week. The food is great at most Village Pub locations, but this specific one is special. Kathy the manager really cares and is sure to welcome new customers and stop to chat with regulars to make you feel welcome. The service is consistently great, and a lot of the staff has been there for years so you know it's a good team. The prices are very reasonable and the ribs are back to normal and are excellent again! I also love the Village Pub Chicken, the Pot Pie, the Buffalo Chicken Wrap, the Club Sandwich, the Steak & Shrimp, the Ham Steak & Eggs, the Fish & Chips - oh and the burgers. The burgers are so good. ...and now I'm hungry.
5 Low Prices  Big Portions  Good Service  GREAT FOOD!!   We never leave Vegas with out stopping at any of the Village Pubs.   They are all Outstanding!!
4 Good food and good prices. We go here when we want comfort food. They serve generous portions. I usually can only eat half of my meal and take home leftovers. The breakfast is really good. I love their breakfast potatoes! The chicken pot pie is delicious! I have never had a bad meal here. They have daily specials that are a great deal!
