4 Just dropped off my Omega Railmaster for a tune up. So far it was a very pleasant experience and I'll update this after the service is complete.
4 I picked up my Omega and everything looks like they did a good job. I've had it a couple days now and the only thing I'm a little hesitant about is the winder seems to have a rough time threading in & out. This might be due to not lubricating it properly and I'll take it in to have them check. Outside of that it seems to be working properly and keeping time well.  They did a nice job of cleaning up the scratches on the bezel and the band and I would definitely go back here for service. They also have a nice selection of jewelery and do repairs on them as well.
5 I bought my fiancés dream engagement ring at Morgan Taylor.  I worked with Dan to design a custom ring, based on the designs of a couple rings with unique attributes that I liked.  The ring is beautiful and it makes my fiancé melt when she looks at it.  I chose to work with Morgan Taylor because Dan knew how to deal with my preferences and budget.  He didn't try to upsell me like another jeweler tried to do.  He even acted like a "proposal coach" and made sure I remembered the ring was only part of the proposal.  His advice helped me with a perfect proposal to a perfect girl.  Highly recommended!
5 I have been going to buy all my jewelry from Dan and his Dad for over 10 years.  They listen to what you want and their custom designs are unique.  My daughter had her engagement and wedding ring made their too.  All work is done in house so  you don't have to worry about anything happening to your jewels on repairs too.  I wouldn't go anywhere else
5 I went in to get my diamond earings new backs since I keep loosing them and while I waited I looked at new settings for my diamond ring. With the help of Michael I found an awesome and I mean awesome setting.  The next day my diamond was reset into the new setting while I watched and waited.  A wonderful experience. The ONLY place to go for great jewelry. Just love you guys!
5 When my fiance proposed to me, he chose a ring that didn't break the bank so we could go out and look for a vintage style ring together. He proposed on December 23rd, and when we went to my family's home for Christmas, my mom gave me the diamond from her engagement ring. shortly after returning home to Las Vegas, we found the perfect ring. All we had to do now was find a jeweler to put my mom's diamond into it. I was a little concerned that it wouldn't fit, but sure enough, Morgan Taylor Jewelers remounted the diamond in my new engagement ring, and it is absolutely gorgeous!!! i could not be happier! they were very friendly, down to earth, and i was able to stay within our ring budget! they were also able to get my ring back to me very quickly. I dropped the ring off on a Tuesday afternoon, and i picked it up Friday- it only took them 3 days! i am very impressed with what they were able to do with my ring, and i would recommend them to anyone that needs a jeweler!!
5 After a debacle and a long, drawn out fight with another jeweler (hint: every kiss begins with ___), I have developed a major phobia with jewelers with a preset conception that all jewelers are evil.   I searched high and low for a wonderful jeweler with great reviews and both google and yelp were always directing me to this company. By this time, my engagement that just happened Christmas Eve of 2012 seemed like it had happened too long ago as I have not been able to enjoy the beautiful heirloom that my fiance had given me as the engagement ring.  When I walked in the shop, anxious and desperate, I spoke to Dan who was incredibly professional and made me feel more at ease. The shop was pristine, clean, and very homey. I told him that the previous jeweler was estimating $625.00 for a DOWNSIZE! His jaw dropped to the floor and stated that he would do it around $35-$40 but was honest and frank that because the ring is an heirloom, the prongs holding the center diamond are about worn down. He didn't want to up-sell me but even if he did, it would not have mattered since he only quoted an additional $115.00 for a total price of $155.00 for both the new prongs and the downsizing. $155.00 for the WHOLE price rather than the ridiculously prized $625.00. And not only was the cost significantly lower than the other jeweler, he would be able to do it within three days rather than the two weeks I had to wait for the other jeweler!  But there is the one thing that stood above all in where I see Morgan Taylor excel and should be the most important value other jewelers should follow. And that is: CUSTOMER SERVICE. The professionalism, friendliness, and overall experience dealing with this company was what really got me. I got to believing that there are great companies out there that look out for the best of the company as well as their customers because ultimately, it is the customers that help the company grow.  Did I mention that the ring was completed as promised, the price was the same as promised and it was BEYOND beautiful! The ring looked soooo good that it was like a brand new engagement ring! It was unbelievable!  I would go back here for all jewelry needs and recommend my friends and family the same! I hardly ever write any reviews (I believe this is my first review on yelp, ever) and I have to do it for Morgan Taylor! I have to give credit where credit is due. Dan was also so welcoming and said that I can come back to clean the ring to keep its sparkle. I'm definitely coming back here for the wedding bands... possibly get mine customized because of the vintage quality of it.  Dan, Morgan Taylor - thank you so much for a wonderful experience!
5 Came here because the yelp reviews were great.  Dan is the owner and told him I knew nothing about jewelry. I knew I was going to purchase my girlfriend's ring the moment he said "You don't need to spend that much and the main thing is you listen to what she really wants.  He answered all my questions and not once was he pushy for the sale. He definitely was looking out for the best interest for my girlfriend and I. They definitely over delivered with the finish product and my fiancée loves the ring. Thanks again Dan!
5 My fiance and I purchased our wedding bands here.  Raul was so accommodating and really went above and beyond the call of duty to help us find the perfect rings within our price range.  My fiance and I are in love with our wedding bands, they're so beautiful!  We will be life long customers here moving forward.  Not once did we feel the pushiness for a sale that we normally feel when we're in a chain jewelry store.  The service is excellent, and the jewelry is beautiful and affordable.  We highly recommend coming here for your jewelry needs.
5 Great business, definitely will patronize this jeweler. Thanks to positive yelp reviews, I found this place. After getting ripped off by Tourneau, they charged me $500 to overhaul my Concord watch and within a year the battery died, the face moved when I tried to change the time and the I couldn't even set the watch because the crown would loosen from the stem, I was so disgusted with jewelers that I just put the watch away. After reading positive reviews on Yelp, I brought my watch in, expending to spend at least a hundred bucks. The owner, who is friendly and not full of BS, opened the watch changed the battery and did a small adjustment, ALL FOR $10!!!!. This is the only place I will go for jewelry repair or purchases.
5 As the other reviews said, it was a great experience.  They are kind and helpful.  Could not ask for more!
5 I can't say enough good things about Dan. I knew the diamond and setting that I wanted to get my girlfriend. He gave me some education on the cut, clarity, carat etc...  I also had a budget and he was respectful of my budget and didn't try to up sell me to something bigger and better. When I proposed to my girlfriend, she absolutely fell in love with the ring. I sent Dan pictures of the setting that I had in mind and he found the perfect setting for the asscher diamond that I had selected. He even cared enough to follow up with me to see how the proposal went! I would recommend Morgan Taylor Jewelers to any gentleman who is looking for an engagement ring for his future wife.
5 Dan was very helpful and really friendly with helping my fiancé pick out my engagement ring. He didn't have exactly what I wanted so he ordered 2 diamonds, for no charge of course, for me to see if I liked them, an he would create the ring I wanted. His pricing was reasonable but more importantly he was very friendly, informative and helpful. He was very knowledgable and seemed educated. Will def recommend!!!
5 Read the reviews about this place on yelp and thought i'd give them a try. My girlfriend and I were getting married very soon and needed her ring sized up ASAP. She was pregnant and her fingers had swollen and was unable to fit the ring we had planned on using. We met with Dan and he was very nice, he sat down and got to know us a bit (unlike most salespeople I encounter). Dan warned us of the dangers of resizing due to the setting of the stones, but assured that the jeweler was very skilled. The ring was done the next day, fit perfectly and for a great price.   I was also able to get a wedding ring for myself. I didnt have very much money but Dan helped me in a big way, I walked out with a new ring and renewed faith in humanity. This is the only place to go for your jewelry needs. I will definitely be returning.
5 I bought an 18K gold ring from Dan, who was extremely helpful and accommodating. My size wasn't available in store, and I was leaving town the next day. Dan took measurements and arranged to have the ring delivered the next morning, when I picked it up. Great service and fair price. I would definitely recommend this business.
5 Morgan Taylor is as good as it gets! My family has been buying jewelry (any many custom pieces) here for years and we keep coming back because the craftsmanship is absolutely breathtaking! Dan and his behind the scenes man Raul are simply put "good people." Truly, they are caring, personable, and passionate individuals. They care about giving you an exquisite piece of jewelry and also a relationship with their customers.  You will not find a nicer shop with more amazing people.
5 In a world where everyone always wants (perhaps justifiably so) to get paid for every little thing they do I cannot help but strongly praise the service I received at Morgan Taylor - for free.  Recently had a watch serviced by the manufacturer in preparation for making another new purchase soon and as part of that had some links in the old watch placed for cleaning.  Having now decided to hold onto the old watch and thus needing the aforementioned links removed I called Morgan Taylor up and was told they could do the work 'while I wait,' something two other dealers (including Tourneau in the Forum Shops) could not promise and when I showed up they did it for free, despite my offer to pay.  Apparently also offering custom work, repair, and jewelry ranging from the $50 up I'll definitely be back for minor repairs, though hopefully few and far between.
5 Based on the yelp reviews I went here with my husband (and kids) to upgrade our wedding rings.  Absolute best decision ever. Dan was very nice and made it a very personal and special experience for us. He worked with my budget and told me I will leave happy.  He picked out wonderful options,  I found a ring I loved and got it. My husband also got the ring he wanted and all within our budget. Dan even gave my kids toys to play with while I was trying on rings. Im going here next time i need jewelry. Ill never go anywhere else!!!
