4 Very nice people! Resonable rates
1 Worst pedi I've ever gotten. Got me in after a 15 minute wait, didn't take their time. cut a toe nail too short and wound up with an infection. No customer service skills. There was one other person getting a pedi at the same time and no employees talked to the customers until it was time to collect. Not a happy campy after limping around on my vacation for a week after getting my pedicure here. I guess you get what you pay for.
3 I see this place has mixed reviews, and I can understand what the complaints are. But I've never really had a issue. I've been coming here for years. Reasonable rates. Never have to wait long. Not the best mani/pedi I've ever received, but it's perfect for regular up keep.
4 I have been going to this salon for years and have never had an issue.  The staff are always very nice and do a great job. I would recommend.
1 If I could give this place zero stars I would. I walked in hoping to get a manicure and they looked at me like I was going to rob them. These people need to learn about customer service.  Come here if you would like that get an attitude with your mani pedi.
1 Spend your money else where!!!! This place shouldn't even get one star!!! I came in there on a Monday night about an hour before they closed wanting a polish change and some chick who looks like a witch, looked at me crazy and said "no we're bout to close" with a nasty attitude. Don't even bother going here unless you don't mind feeling uncomfortable.
1 Ive gone here a few times and customer service is always a bit on the rude side but today topped the cake! I walked in today to get a pedicure and the lady said "Can I help you?" I said "I would like a pedicure please." She didnt even look up at me and said "We are busy right now, come back later." I had to ask her, when she would like for me to come back. She said in a couple of hours! Worst customer service ever!
1 I am never coming back here. This woman named Demi was so rude to me and would not listen to what I was asking her to do. She copped an attitude with me and said they could not do what I asked her to do. Then, one of the men started to work on my toes and was very nice, and started to do what I asked demi to do originally. Then, she told me I was wrong when I said one of the other techs had done exactly what I was asking 2 months ago. Oh, and when she was trimming my nails she pinched my toe so hard that I almost teared up. When I flinched she did not even apologize. Although I have had good experiences before previously at this salon ad they've always done a good job, I will never go back because of her. Im not usually one to yelp about something, but this place pissed me off so much that I had to.
2 I have always been treated poorly here but kept going because one woman gives wonderful massage....been there about 20 times and only treated nice one time! Last time I went was 2 weeks ago and they were all just very rude...especially Demi! i think she owns it too!! I'm done...going to miss that massage though!!!
5 My hubby and I just moved back to Vegas from Denver. I didn't realize how much I missed the pedicures here.  In Denver they barely remove dead skin but here they got the past year and a half's worth of it off. They used the cuticle trimmers and razor (is that legal? I don't care, I love it!) and really took the time to do a great job.  The massage was great and felt really long.  They chatted with me a little but not too much. I was able to catch up on the Ellen show and news.  I wish they had wifi so I could get some work done but that is my only complaint.  I'll definitely be back soon!
5 There are very few places I trust with my nails and Palms Nails is #1! I have been following Demi the owner of the salon for 12 years and I would recommend it to everyone! The only salon I know with great prices, great people, ambiance and the experience is always a pleasure. Their pedicures are amazing with their updated renovations. The put in the effort to make sure you feel comfortable and get exactly what you pay for. You like gels? They have every color imaginable. Reasonable prices. And have a ton of regular customers. I wouldn't recommend this place if I didn't truly mean it!
5 I would consider myself a regular at this nail place. Demi, Mai and Kim all take care of me, my brother and his girlfriend. They make me feel so at home and so relaxed every time I'm there to get my nails done. They know what I want done every time I'm there. I just love this place. The price is not so bad considering they do such a good job for me. It is the ultimate pampering place and escape for me. All three ladies have seen me quite a few times coming from a bad day at work and I never fail to leave the salon feeling tons better. See you again soon, ladies!
