3 Drive Through - YIPEEEEEEEE! - 5 Stars.  The fact that everyone else does this, and by consequence there is a VERY STRONG possibility that you get STUCK in the drive through when it could have taken you less time to park, get out of your car, and order your triple shot cappuccino - BOOOOOOOOO - 1 star.  The fact that you CAN enter both through University Avenue AND behind the Mobil Gas Station (thus avoiding the hoopla of trying to turn left on University - HOOORAAAAAAAHHH = 5 stars!  The fact that there's never a cohesive line since there's two drive through entrances, and well.. it could get ugly if people are craving their javas and are trying to manoover their huge ass SUVs and you have a tiny little car that SHOULD be easier but these people are EVIL and vicious and may not let you in accordingly - BOOOOOOOO 1 star.  The fact that on REPEATED occasions, the !@#$% baristas did NOT know that a triple shot cap was the same as a cap with an extra shot, and wanted to charge me for a latte with two extra shots, and it is PATHETIC when I, the CUSTOMER, has to tell them "Um.. no... A basic cappuccino has TWO shot of espresso.  That's why if I add another one it's called a triple shot.  Look it up!"  (Oh hushie, I say it in a nice way, which probably accounts for my weak coffee.. ) - BOOOOOO 1 star.  The fact that many times the coffee has been free because of this (they try to overcharge, and after a discussion, I'm right! -  YAY - 4 stars..  The fact that they don't know how to make a cappuccino and this makes me wary of the amounts of times that I asked for a cap, and got a latte with foam, then left, and said "DAMN, this coffee is weak", 2 stars.  I think that averages to three.  Good math skills have I got, you know!
5 I love the convenience of Starbucks! And I love knowing that the quality of my order will be the same each time I go. I also like sitting on their patio that looks onto University Avenue.
4 I realize there are plenty of local coffee shops in Madison, and I love them too, but this one just happens to be on my way to work AND it has a drive through. Sometimes convenience wins. It also happens to have a super friendly and energetic staff that is always so kind and really brightens my morning commute.
3 The service is good, but the drive thru and parking are a bit sketchy.
4 Ok so this is a Starbucks, for the most part, like any other starbucks. Specifically to this location, it is expectedly busier than most because it is right on University (hard to miss). Even so there seems to be plentiful seating and staff is efficient give or take some rare occasions. Now the real kicker. This Starbucks has a drive thru! Which is GREAT except that FOR the drive thru is the worst positioned store I have ever seen. People seem to think it is a free-for-all and whoever is closest gets to go; whether you come in through the back entrance or front  I guess its anyones go. Thats why this store doesn't get a full 5 stars. It seem like a tiny thing to worry about but the parking lot is awful as well.
3 It's Starbucks, not a whole lot else to say. Never had an order messed up there; in fact I got free coffee the other day because my "wait had been too long." Can't go wrong with that!  You can go wrong if you go here at a busy time, though. The drive-thru has two entrances which can be confusing, and the parking lot is atrocious. It isn't large enough to handle lots of customers parking and going to the drive-thru.
1 This Starbucks is by far the most disorganized that I've been to, especially when going through the drive thru. They regularly make my drink orders incorrectly and are always out stock of bakery and sandwiches. I regrettably keep coming back because of the convenient location.
3 OK for a Starbucks. It's very busy, which makes it noisy and the staff hurried. The furniture, especially the armchairs, are comfortable and a decent place ti sit and read.
