4 This is located at the J.W. Marriott when you go to Rampart Casino.  I also would caution that this is a business desk within the J.W. and if you're returning a car, it's actually a difficult situation since it's not marked well.  What you have to do is turn into the valet parking only lot, and at the back is a Hertz 1 and Hertz 2 tag.  You have to park your rental there to return it and also remember to memorize or jot down your mileage.  Then you head into J.W. and go talk to the guy that staffs the desk.  He's actually very nice (I didn't catch his name) and totally hooked me up with the quoted price even though the people that booked me didn't have me returning the car in the right state (for some reason, it was showing as some CA Hertz place).  Same rate.  The one-star off is for lack of signage that could make everything a little easier to deal with.  I think I spoke to three different valets that day and they were all really nice in trying to point me in the right direction but it'd be a lot easier if you could just follow the signs to return.
5 Located in the JW Marriott, the Hertz counter is across from the conference room which the employees call "The Fishbowl."  The person who runs this location, Anatoly Denisov, has always provided me with superior and friendly customer service. He is always accommodating to my extremely hectic schedule. While still being very professional, a customer feels like Anatoly has known them for years.  I enjoyed his consistent superior service so much that I emailed his supervisor to compliment his work. Previously, I've contact a company about receiving great customer service maybe 2-3 times in the past 30 years.  Since this location is close to my house, its more convenient than traveling across town to the airport location.  It's a great little find and nice to match a person's face with a major corporation.
5 I would like to take the time and write to you about one agent that is awesome every time I go and rent a car. Sir, Anatoly Denisov is amongst one of the best Managers I have ever encountered in my life. I deal with so many of other companies customer service but none like Anatoly. He has a great personality, really understands and tailors customer's needs and wants and above all he makes sure you understand and happy on what you are getting. He is very through in any thing he says and does and I have to say never seen a hard working person in my life. I barely can get a hold of him because he is always out making sure he takes care of his customers 110% of the time. I have been renting for 20 years at Hertz competitor companies and I tried to go with Hertz for the first time and with Mr. Denisov unprecedented service and personality landed me to stop using other rental companies and only use Hertz exclusively regardless of price, because of Mr. Denisov's professionalism, dedication, charismatic and transformational leadership style and much more bought my loyalty to this rental place. I will only go to Mr. Denisov when I come to Vegas every 3 months. Mr. Denisov always exceeds my expectation and he always leaves me room for wanting more. He is as genuine as you get and he is so accommodating that I wish most organization's employees and employers would do the same for their customers. Mr. Denisov should be a pinnacle example of how an employee should act and treat their customers and to their employees on a daily bases. One thing I do have to say that Mr. Denisov is consistent in anything he does and he never compromise for nothing less than greatness. I enjoy talking to him because he is so down to earth and the way he treats his customers like me, I forget that I am in a car rental place because he truly values and appreciates me and others not only just a standard customer but a real human-being. Not many customers or organizations appreciates and truly value their employees until a good customers speaks up on behalf of them and really acknowledge their fine piece of work. Anatoly, you are a precious  jewel to find. Keep up the good work!!!!!
