3 You wouldn't know it from the outside, but TaTa Bistro is quite a large restaurant, including teppanyaki tables, a full sushi bar, tons of booths, and an area for larger parties. It is simple in design, nothing too fancy or over the top. The menu, however, is interesting. It combines japanese, chinese, and american influences to appeal to a variety of tastes. The price is relatively cheap, and the atmosphere is relaxed. My only complaint is both times I have visited, the service is a bit slow. Nice, but slow. I enjoy the "lunch box" specials. And a piece of candy from the candy bowl on the way out!  Recommended drink: I have not tried any of their drinks yet. More appealing as a lunch destination.  Recommended company: Coworkers, or a casual Sunday lunch with a few friends.
5 This place is my 'Cheers'. If I ever need to smile, I just show up at tata's bistro. Randy the owner is awesome and a very proud chef. Allright on to what you are looking for:  Sushi here is amazing. Large cuts of always fresh fish. You have to try the Wild Fire, it's amazing. Everything here is good though. They have a large selection of sake and other spirits.  I just realized that my profile pic for yelp was taken at tata's.  Look for it on the wall of photos on the way to the restrooms.
4 I went here alone, actually.  I was on my way to work, and I had a little extra time and money, and I was recommended to here by a friend, so I took a shot.  Have to say, it was pretty good.  The food was delicious, and quick to come out.  The sushi was very good as well, and they served brown rice upon request, which is a very big plus!   The prices are all reasonable, and the people are very nice.    Recommended.
5 Probably the best teppanyaki tables, and sushi I have found in Green Valley. Prices are good, staff is friendly, It is much bigger inside than it looks from the outside. I will be going back alot. One of my new favorites.
2 This place was King's table Asian Buffet at one time, then it folded and then it was some other Asian Buffet and it folded again. We've dined there when it was King's Asian Buffet and it was just barely ok. Then once again at the second identity and we never went back again. Yesterday we tried for the third time as Ta Ta Bistro. Very impressive decor when we stepped inside (previously it was just a casual buffet set up). Nice fish tank, teppanyaki tables and as reported quite roomy inside. The menu had lots of choices with specials for lunch and dinner. A mix of Chinese and Japanese combined in one setting, hmmm?  seemed interesting. We picked several sushi selections off the order sheet and a roll #44 called the "touchdown". The sushi was just marginal, with no real outstanding flavors or presentation. The spider roll (deep fried softshell crab) had what is probably a pre-fried crab tempura that was refried a second time to "freshen" it up, shameful! Roll #44 was not a touchdown, but sadly a fumble. Seemed to be a deep fried creation with what we think is probably thousand island dressing as the accent sauce (blah!). I thought it was below average and my wife was throughly convinced and disliked it 100%. Overall impression was not very good and we won't be going back anytime soon.  Is it Chinese or Japanese? Which way is this restaurant leaning towards? Well when the bill arrived, there was the tell tale sign....2 fortune cookies. Maybe it's a Chinese restaurant trying to go both ways? Whatever the direction, we didn't like it very much. Our third visit under 3 different owners and like baseball. 3 strikes and we're out.  So to this Bistro, we sadly wave Ta Ta.  :-(
4 I always frequent Ta-Ta's Bistro. They provide such value and the sushi is excellent. I've been to places that charge more for similar servings. I've only had the sushi there, but I've also been there for lunch with co-workers and they rave about the Chinese dishes that they serve as well. Lastly, who can't like 2 for 1 sake?  I am definitely a fan of this place. My co-workers and I call in our orders every other Thursday. We are definitely regulars there.
1 We had dinner there this evening around 530, Service was very poor and very slow. The food followed the service,Poor. I agree with Jeff K this place has struck out. Their prices aren't that reasonable, You pay PF Chang prices for a low grade Panda express ( sorry Panda Express)  We will not return to ta ta bistro.
5 I love Ta Ta! I've never ate anything here that I did not like. They had some new special rolls last time I went.  I had the Xfiles roll it was sooooooo yummy! The staff here is super friendly and the prices are great. The sushi is always fresh and tastes great. I think I am addicted to Ta Ta. I get cravings for it quite often.
5 Anyone who recognizes quality and freshness, would easily recognize Ta Ta's.  The oysters, yellow tail, and sushi are among the best I've ever had anywhere and that's from France to Japan.  Ironically, my boyfriend and I had just had oysters from the Venetian Hotel for lunch before we went to Ta Ta's for dinner; Ta Ta's seafood was much fresher.  Ta Ta's freshness in seafood is comparable to the fresh-caught from San Francisco Bay or fish markets in Vietnam.  How they manage that in the middle of a desert is a mystery to me, but oh a wonderfully delicious one.    Ta Ta's actually serve a Buri Toro steak, which is the buttery-tasting belly of the Yellow Tail (hard to find in restaurants).  They also serve an amazing buttery, melt-in-your-mouth Toro.  Ask for the best cut of toro they offer; be aware that toro is usually expensive, but always worth while if fresh like it is at Ta Ta's.  (By the way, also be aware that most restaurants serve tuna in the form of Maguro, which is actually the side of the tuna and not nearly as delicious.)  The Ta Ta's rolls were surprisingly yummy as well.  Having Japanese heritage, I often dislike most Americanized rolls because most American Japanese restaurants think that mixing too many fresh fish together along with teriyaki sauce and mayo will taste good no matter what... that is a sad misconception.  Often i would take the rolls apart so I can enjoy the flavors of each unfortunately combined fish. I was pleasantly delighted by Ta Ta's roll combinations - the rolls are a wonderful balance of taste.  The flavor of each fish is emphasized by each roll rather than masked -- and when emphasis is not the key, varying fish are joined with others creating complex new flavors that can start from the taste of a crisp, fresh shrimp and end in delighting sweetness.  If one is trying out a Ta Ta's roll, I would suggest trying to put most of the roll in one's mouth to get the full flavor and then chewing slow allowing enjoyment of the complexities.    Overall, Ta Ta's is certainly an incredible restaurant.  The owner Randy prides himself in the quality of food - always a good sign in any restaurant.  The quality itself is among the best and certainly better than many beautiful strip hotel restaurants.   If one is visiting Las Vegas, it would be worth one's while to take a short drive off the strip to enjoy a meal that is easily one of the best one can in Nevada.
5 This is by far the best Asian food in town! The tepanaki grill is half price right now! If you like Asian cuisine this is a must try!
5 I swear I had written a review for this place, but it seems I'm wrong.  Anyway, I've come here about 3-4 times in the past 2 years. The food's always been amazing, and until recently they had 50% off rolls and 50% off sake. Now it's 40%.   The food is good, the server remembered us from a year ago, and asked how we had been. They treated our guests very kindly, and made good recommendations off the menu when we ordered our second wave of food.   We will definitely be going back. 4 people having drinks and sushi and a bill of only $71? Yes please!
4 It's very roomy inside with quaint Japanese decor. We tried the spicy tuna roll, spicy salmon roll and the scallop yum yum roll. The fish was fresh and had a "clean" taste to it.  We liked it , and the regular rolls were 40% off!  $11 for 3 good rolls was great, and they have quite a selection of special rolls that will try next time. I recommend it. :-)
1 This is the first time in years I walked out of restaurant due to extremely poor food quality.    Hubby and I ordered two soups one was a Hot and Sour Soup and the other was Egg Drop Soup. Both soups were so overly thickened with cornstarch it glopped off the spoon making it look more like baby snot than soup. I tasted a tiny spoonful of egg soup and it was completely flavorless. Both soups remained completely full on the table top.   Next came out the sushi plates. I ordered the Warm Spring roll. Upon its arrival to the table I knew I couldn't eat it and didn't even try. What freaked me out  was it was so loosely rolled it was falling apart and was totally soupy/wet looking and even more disturbing was its very weird color.  Hubby ordered a different roll with many of the same unpleasant characteristics however he braved it and ate 1 piece.  After the first bite he then promptly stated we needed to get a waiter pronto.   We flagged over a waiter and told them we had to leave due to the quality not being what we expected.   They were gracious and offered us an opportunity to order something else but we declined knowing we had to get out of there.   They did not charge us anything for the 2 sushi plates and 2 cups of soup that sat totally uneaten on the table (minus 1 bite of sushi & 1 slurp of soup).   I really hope others have better luck here but I will definitely not be back.
2 This place can't decide if it wants to be a Chinese or Japanese restaurant. In the end, it comes off as a compromise at best on both fronts.   This is one of the many restaurants I was dragged to by my family because my dad has always loved Hibachi-table restaurants. Sadly ,it definitely falls at the lesser end of the spectrum.   The Hibachi experience is the same as other restaurants, and this one pulls it off to a lesser extent. The food here, to put it simply, isn't really anything worth writing home about. The staff seem to lack the personality of those from other Asian restaurants around town. I am also disappointed to see that they put peas in their fried rise, but again, that's a matter of taste.  Eating at the normal dining tables isn't any better. This place tries to be a jack of all trades, Chinese and Japanese alike, but is a master of none. I have tried a wide variety of items on the menu, and none of them really jump out at me. The last time I was there I had an orange chicken dish, and it lacked flavor and was difficult to chew. However, most of the soups I have tried are good.   If you want Chinese food, go to Grand China. If you want Japanese food, go to Geisha House. This place is a red-headed step-child of an Asian restaurant that can't decide which way it wants to go.
4 Ta Ta is to me what McDonald's is to many Americans. When I'm too hungry and lazy to cook after work, I go to Ta Ta.   The four stars are for fair prices, convenient location, healthy food and (to copy from a fellow Yelper) "feels like Cheers."  I've made new friends at Ta Ta and feel a sense of ownership over my seat at the bar. It's been our staple sushi spot for five years. That being said, I like the sushi at many other spots better.   Ta Ta's female sushi chef has the best personality. She is a great addition to the restaurant.
3 I have come here several times with guests and it is not bad. I recommend you to come here too. I is not bad, not special, but decent...  1.  Service - Hmm... I think that they treat some regulars really great and the general public, like well, the general public. If you do not expect alot,  you will not be disappointed.  2.  Sushi - Okay, nothing to write home about. Edible and certainly not bad tasting.  3.  Hibachi Grill - Pretty good, nice choices, allowed to split plates which is great for kids.  4.  Kids - Hibachi grill is fun for them and the a la carte ordering that is allowed helps to share with the kids and enjoy a decent show.  5.  Overall - Kinda like ordering a 0.69 cent Hamburger at McDonald in terms of taste, quality and presentation. Edible, not a negative taste, you just would not go out of your way that is all.  Not a bad place and close by to experiment and have fun with the kids.
4 Quick and easy.  If you are looking for decent sushi I would check this place out.  They are always running amazing deals on the sushi and it is made to order.  Nothing too fancy here, but some solid food for sure.  Try the spicy scallop role, one of favorites.
4 Ta Ta almost hits a home-run when it comes to making my belly happy.  The service is so fast I feel as if they are doing Jedi mind tricks anticipating what I am going to order! Always on top of my beverages and getting the food out quickly. The restaurant itself is clean and never crowded when I have been there. The food- Really nice sized portions, presentation and very fresh ingredients. I highly recommend the General Tso's Chicken or Garlic Chicken lunch specials. Both priced under $7.00 and come with soup, egg roll and rice. No extra charge for brown rice which is an added bonus. I do also enjoy the Dan Dan Noodles and the Garlic Long Bean. For all of you sushi lovers this is my family's number one choice for the price , flavor and size of the rolls.  The only reason why I am not rating them five stars is because when I am ready to leave a restaurant I want my bill and Ta Ta has left me hanging with dirty plates and no check every time. Other than that, I LOVE this place and highly recommend it to the world.
3 standard asian fusion. nothing spectacular.  decent service, decent food but probably won't go back.
4 I came here twice when I was out in Las Vegas visiting my cousin over the Christmas/New Year's holiday. Sushi rolls at 40% off, how can you beat that? Both times we had at least one box of left overs if not more and they still tasted great the next day.  One of my favorite rolls is the touchdown. It comes with a pile of scallops on top. Don't be afraid to try any of the non-traditional rolls because they are very good.  We came here New Year's eve and had a great time eating, chatting and doing sake bombs. I think the whole restaurant was quite entertained by us. The staff was friendly and the service was great. I hope to be back again the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
3 This place could have been a five if we skipped the Hibachi grill and sat at the sushi bar and just ordered sushi.  We went in here as a party of 8 to celebrate my husbands birthday. I originally made the reservation for 6pm and then changed it to 6:30. This did not appear to be a problem when I called but as soon as we sat down we were being rushed and told that there was another party coming in for the Hibachi grill. We ordered several sushi rolls to begin with and they pushed to get our entree order at the same time. They brought us our soup and salads immediately and by the time we had received our sushi they were already cooking our food and taking away our half eaten soup and salad. It really took away from the whole experience.  The sushi was phenomenal. The meat/seafood from the Hibachi grill was fresh and tasted good but the portion size on the vegetables was almost non-existent. I will admit that two of the couples spit an entree but for the other four of us you would have thought that we did also... in fact, I would say it looked like we each got less than half a portion.  I'm a veggie lover - obviously disappointing to me. They tried to give us the checks immediately after we finished eating but we wanted dessert. We all got banana splits that were mediocre but they did put a birthday candle in my husbands and we sang happy birthday - nice touch!  After all of the rushing there was never another party that came in. A party of 2 sat at the hibachi grill next to us and that was it. It was a Monday night and the restaurant was dead. Maybe this mystery "other party" just didn't show up but regardless, if you let me make the reservation for 6:30 you should allow us ample time to enjoy our meals.  I would definitely go back again but only for the sushi.
4 We frequently eat sushi here.  Their sushi is always fresh and tasty. There is a good selection of the 40% off sushi, which makes it a great deal for eat in or carry out.  My 20 year daughter turned me on to this place. She's been eating there for 4 years.  It's not super fancy, but nice and comfortable and kid friendly.
5 My oh my... just thinking about Ta Ta's makes my mouth water!!  I have definitely found my new favorite restaurant. I have ate at many teppanyaki style restaurants and this one tops my list. The hibachi chefs are hilarious, the wait staff attentive and you just can't beat the prices for the amount of food you get. Right now all regular sushi rolls and teppanyaki entrees are 40% off!! WOW!! Tender, juicy, melt-in-your-mouth filet mignon for under $15... yes please :)   Tip: make a reservation before you go. With only two teppan tables they of course fill up fast! Other seating options- you have a full service sushi bar and the regular restaurant tables.
4 This place was great. We went in about an hour before closing, so there were only two other tables in the place. We asked about the habachi menu, and they informed us that all habachi meals are 40% off, and since we are vegetarian and only wanted vegetables, my girl and I payed about $8 a person for some quite delicious grilled veggies, miso soup, and brown rice. The manager came by to check on us, and walked away shaking his head. A few minutes later, he returned with two Vegetable Rolls, and all he said was "This is on the house. You must eat more! Too skinny!"   Add to that that the hot sake is Buy-one-get-one (order a small and get a large, or buy a large and get a second one ;) and we walked out full of tasty food and drink for a cool $20. DEFINITELY a well spent dinner.
4 The food was great! The sushi was fresh and delightful and the beef and broccoli was delicious. My only issue was with the service. Although the service was not bad... it was far from great, especially because the place was empty. All in all it was a good experience and I am looking forward to going again.
5 Ta Ta is great although I have not been in awhile because it is not around where I live.   They do teppanyaki style and sushi, so yes, it is a fusion type restaurant. I have only had their sushi though and it has always been fresh and consistent. Never have I had a disappointing roll here.  The staff is great. Management tends to walk the tables and ask how your meal is going and if everything is good.   Can get a little loud if the teppanyaki tables are going and show is happening, but that should be expected in this type of place.   Overall, great sushi place in the Henderson area.
4 Great sushi for a great price!  Came with a group of 10 and we ordered 7 or 8 sushi rolls to share. California and Spicy Tuna rolls were great. The X-Files was also a favorite. Also ordered edamame and General Tso's chicken. The sake listing was quite impressive also.  Definitely recommend! Staff is great and very attentive.
3 My friends and I have been here plenty of times. We always come with a huge group and get seated in the back area with several large tables. They offer some reasonably priced sake bombs and they have a wide variety of asian fusion. The sushi isn't half bad. However, ultimately it tries to please so many different kinds of Asian foods that it ends up being OK at everything but amazing at nothing. You can find better Teriyaki, Chinese, and sushi at a number of nearby places. Don't get me wrong-- its well worth visiting. But dont expect to be blown away.
3 I'm in the same boat as Mark W.  I have eaten here a few times.  The service has always been excellent.  If you like a beer darker than Budweiser, you are out of luck. No ambers, porters, etc...  The sushi here is good, the rest of the dishes, are at the level of Panda Express.  Stick with sushi and you'll be happy.
5 I've had my share of experiences with Chinese food and sushi. I'm no guru, but I must say that Tata's food is better than most places I've been to. The Lo-Mein, teriyaki chicken, and raw salmon are fresh and authentic. Staff is also warm and welcoming.
5 I usually come during lunchtime and have their lunch special. Their lunch special comes with a choice of soup, either white or brown rice, an eggroll (with meat in it!!) and an item of your choosing. I usually get the garlic chicken or beef and broccoli. The serving size is huge for lunch and I always have leftovers to take with me. Service is very quick and prices are good. Most of the lunch special items are about $6.50. This will definitely be a weekly spot for my friends and I. They also have sushi here, which I hear is pretty good as well.
4 I love this place! We go there anytime we have someone in town visiting. We recently went there & sat at the teppenyaki table. They had a new guy cooking the food up for us & he was hilarious! I've never had a bad meal there. The tuna collar, sushi, tonkatsu, and everything else is delish! Only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because the service can be slow even when they are not busy.
4 This restaurant is located at the NW corner of Horizon Ridge and Stephanie. It's behind the 7 Eleven and Metro Pizza. Visited 9/2/12  Was on the mood for some kinda nese like Japanese or Chinese . Ta Ta Bistro fit the bill nicely. Especially because I just walked out of another  restaurant close by because there were kids sitting on the floor coloring in the middle of the restaurant ( just wasn't the dining experience I was thinking of tonight ).  Ordered some sushi eel rolls, spicy tuna wrap and salmon wrap.  Also went in for the chicken teriyaki meal. This included salad, miso soup and large plate of juicy teriyaki chicken breast topped with great tasting sauce and sesame seeds. Plus rice of course white or brown. For the record I love Japanese style rice and I went with brown rice cuz I'm eating right. ( yeah right  :p )   Service was a little disorganized. But food all came with good presentation and good taste.  They have sushi bar, teppanyaki grill table, and not cramped table space. All good. but the decor is tired and needs a fresh look and vibe.   The restaurant has alot of food options and each time I come they deliver the goods. Timely, tasty, close by and really reasonable prices. Definitely not over the top but consistently good.  I'll be back.
5 Have been here a few times with my hubby and have always gotten the sushi. I think the sushi tastes better/fresher than places like Sushimon. Only thing is there is no all-you-can-eat here. But, prices are fair and on the regular rolls you always get a 30% discount. Service is good and there is barely any wait time especially when it comes to seating.
4 Generally places that try to do too much (fusion) fail or come up short at any one thing. Here we have regular Japanese menu, hibachi, extensive sushi menu, and extensive Chinese food menu yet from what we have sampled everything was delicious. We tried two sushi rolls (sushi rolls are named and almost identical to those at Sushi Bay... odd) Paradise roll and Valley of Fire roll... both delicious and what we expected. The calamari tempura appetizer was just okay...compared to Sushi Mon's it failed miserably. We also shared an entree of General Tso's Chicken and that was fresh and delicious... pretty standard higher quality Americanized Chinese food.   The service was okay...we had three different servers and one of them annoyed me briefly. I asked for a Sapporo and she said "Let me see your ID" ...so basically demanded it instead of asking to see my ID. What the hell? But, everyone else was nice, the food reasonably priced for the quality and portion and it was a cute little place. I would come back to try more of their dishes.
3 Fish quality is okay. Rolls are oversauced... Average Americanized sushi/ rolls
3 Food is pretty good.  Service is poor.  The servers cover all tables together.  3 people will try and take your order.  But then good luck catching them again.  Asked 3 times for a fork.  I finally got up and got my own. They run around and talk to you while not stopping.  They are understaffed. Too bad they are so understaffed and poor service.
5 Cheap great sushi. The plater for lunch is great
5 Best Asian in LV.  It doesn't get any better than this.
5 Really deilsh! chinese and japanese foods are both on the menu. We Had 4 at dinner and ordered too much food! I was all really tasty. Do not pass up the chance to dine at TA TA's
5 Very tasty chicken and broccoli in the dark sauce. Huge portions. Yummmmm.
3 The quality of food during lunch seems to differ greatly from the food served during dinner. The chicken teriyaki was very tough and dry. My hot and sour soup was extremely bland and overly starchy. The sushi rolls were 80% rice with small bits of questionably fresh fish inside. My shrimp in lobster sauce had a generous serving of shrimp, but the sauce was very bland. They also put my egg roll right in the sauce, so it was soggy by the time I got to eat it. Service is still barely average. I will not write off Ta Ta yet, just because I have enjoyed their dishes during dinner time in the past.
3 Food was good and not expensive. Service was warm and friendly, accurate and prompt.  Atmosphere was typical of many American-Chinese restaurants but clean and decorative.
4 Ok, so this place rated at least 4 stars for a long, long time.  My family and I loved going here for the great sushi and friendly service.  The last two times though we couldn't help but notice that the place has become dirty.  There was dust piled up at least a quarter inch thick on several of the areas around the tables, the walls had flecks of dried food stains, the plates were dirty, and on both visits the bathrooms were DEPLORABLE.  This went from being one of our favorite spots to a place we don't go to anymore.  Clean it up, Ta Ta, and we will give you another shot!  Ta Ta you fixed it!  Cleaned up and came correct!  We have been back and appreciate the improvements!
5 Half priced sushi, are you kidding?  We ordered so much food we had enough to take some home for another meal.  Between the 4 of us we ordered 5 sushi rolls.  We ordered a combination of crab and scallops and each one was outstanding.  I think the bill was around $20.  Fresh food and good service adds this to my list of places to go when in Vegas.
3 This place has gone down hill.  We have been going there for three years, and it is nothing what it used to be.  We used to love their rolls, including the "lady gaga roll" which had steak tartar on it.  But over time, the quality in both service and taste just went down.  We usually sat at the bar, and the guys behind it were more focused on what sport was on TV then any customers, or what they were making. The sad thing is, we spoke to the owner about it... who knew AND acknowledged their terrible attitudes.  He now has a special of 50% off regular rolls.. which is OK if you want something "meh" for cheap. We went about a month ago, and it was a ghost town. I am afraid t say, but I think that he has scared off all the good customers he had.....  Half priced semi okay sushi.  It is very unfortunate, because we had our first date here, years ago. But we both just kind of feel that this place is a waste of time.
4 4.5 stars  This place is high on my dinner rotation!  Everything I've ever had has been delicious. They have hibachi if you ever get in the mood for that.  They have half off regular rolls if you're into sushi (I'm not) and my sushi-loving friends rave about the awesome selection.   The prices are pretty good and I actually pass up Grand China, which is much closer to me, to come here when I'm in the mood for Chinese.  The service is just good.  Not great.  But my food never takes long and the servers are always accommodating.    I like the ambiance - very welcoming and comfortable dining room and it's much nicer on the inside than it seems like it would be from the outside.  TaTa is such a strong option for great food, wide variety, good prices and decent service.  I'm so going to miss this place when I move across town!
5 I order from here often. Deliveries are always fast and on time, food is always fresh, and GREAT lunch specials.
1 I don't know if I have really high standards but the food was not great at all. To tell you all I usually don't even leave a little grain of rice... I did not even finished any of the three rolls I ordered, and neither did my husband. The fish did not taste right and the flavor was flat. it gave me a stomach ache and even the ginger tasted funny, not to mention the wasabi was almost brown... yuck. I am sticking to RA Sushi and Kona grill from now on!
4 Great service! Very quick, attentive and polite.   The food here is great and very affordable. Half price on all regular rolls at all times!? You don't have to tell me twice.   The Cantonese noodles that come with chicken, shrimp, and beef are excellent and come in a large portion - we split it between three.   I wouldn't recommend the jalepeno puff - it has tuna, jalepeno and a breading around it but it was kind of gross - the tuna wasn't doing it for me.   Overall, if you want decent quality, low price sushi, you should definitely check this place out. They have a large variety of items on the menu, something for everyone.
4 This place is very good. I had both the chinese and the sushi. The raw fish was fresh and tasty and the sushi rolls were made well. I had maguro tuna nigiri and shrimp tempura. I liked it so much I went back the next night. On another day, I also had the shrimp chow mein. I am not sure what was in there but I couldn't stop eating it.  The restaurant is pretty nice inside. They have a decent sushi bar also. Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely go back.
3 Was avoiding this place for a while because their product offering is way too diverse, but my roommates and I decided to give it a go.   Menu is rather large so we decided to go family style. We ordered the Sizzling Triple Sensation (crispy noodles with beef, chicken and shrimp), the Mongolian Beef, and a couple sushi rolls that are 50% off.   Food was surprisingly good! But what was even better were the huge portions. Those two plates and sushi rolls left 4 grown men stuffed, and more! We didn't even finish everything. The noodles were cooked well and even though the sushi was deepfried, it was still tasty. The meat could have been cooked better, though.   But with a price tag of $10 a head including tip, it's good value for decent food! I'll be back for a cheap, easy dinner.
4 Love this place! Friendly, fast, good food. I work next door so they always take the time to bring me my food. Would definitely recommend this place.
4 Ordered for delivery here because I was at the TownePlace Suites nearby.  Lots of food and the sushi was awesome.  Delivered in less than 30 min on a sat night.
4 I always take friends here or suggest this place when going for sushi.   There happy hour specials are awesome!!! we always talk to the chefs at the sushi bar, and very good people.  Good clean environment!!!! Go check them out
4 If you desire plenty of options, affordable prices, and great service, Ta Ta Bistro is the restaurant for you.  The menu contains a vast selection of both Japanese and Chinese cuisine. Although this is an untraditional method, I found the options to be refreshing because I could change my order each visit depending on which cuisine I was craving. These options are also helpful for pickier eaters. Furthermore, Ta Ta's also has Teppanyaki, which provides entertainment for people of all ages. The prices are inexpensive. Every day, the prices for roles are half off, which is perfect for college students on a tight budget.  The customer service was also great. My friend accidentally spilled soy sauce on her white pants and they immediately offered her club soda to mediate the situation. Their attention to detail and willingness to go above and beyond expectations left a lasting impression on me.
5 I went to go have lunch with a friend last week he wanted teriyaki. I really didn't care he took me here and as we were walking up I thought "ekkk this better be good.... i wish he told me where we were going before so I could yelp this place."  Needles to say it didn't look like much outside, nor did it inside the seats has cuts and table was sticky. We were seated right away which was nice because we didn't have much time.   I didn't look at all the menu just the lunch specials they were pretty cheap and my friend said that's all he ever got.  I got the Mongolian Beef lunch special which came with rice, egg roll, and hot and sour soup.   Our beverages and soup came out like lightning! I really didn't get a chance to taste the soup it was so hot it burned my mouth and by the time our food came I was already full so I skipped it.   The Mongolian Beef was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!! It was the BEST Mongolian beef I ever had....like EVER!!! The sauce was so flavorful I'm drooling right now just thinking about it. The portions were huge I couldn't finish mine and BELIEVE me I tried!   The food was outstanding it made me forget about the torn seat and sticky table! I can't wait to come back!
5 Took my family for my husband's birthday. It was our first time and I have to say we have found our new sushi place! Great fresh sushi, awesome service, and amazing prices!
4 Love this place!!!!!  All grill table entrees are 50% off!!!!  Cant beat the deal!!!  Make sure to make a reservation if you plan on sitting at the grill table, there are only 2, yes 2 grill tables!!!
5 Service is always great, sushi is awesome, the lunch and dinner specials are great. You never leave unhappy. It's not too far and kept nice and clean. I think I found my new hangout.
2 Service/ food no good. Family that sat five minutes after us was waited on first - get Da pass on dat cause they had kids. Got the box bento, wife got the shrimp noodles. Ordered some 50% off sushi-no good (should have gotten the clue-50% OFF!) Miso soup-warm- sistah had her fungah in da bowl when she was carrying it- AUWE!had better sushi at albertsons across the street. Salad dressing awful. Sushi twister has a cheaper bento and the food 10x better.
5 Love it, the sushi is amazing. I have never been disappointed.  The prices are amazing a lot cheaper then buying all you can eat. Two people eating 4 rolls is good enough for me. My check is never bigger then 20 and that includes 2 drinks. The spider roll is my favorite. The wait is never long, I'm usually seated right when I walk in. Over all it's amazing.
4 I have ordered to-go from here about 5 times and eaten at the restaurant once.  In my opinion it was a little slow (but that could be because I was starving) thus I prefer to order ahead and pick it up.  The menu is very extensive and gives lots of options.  The food is good quality and delicious.  While not fancy this place is a good neighborhood option and I am definitely a regular now.  My personal favorite is the Chow Mein (beef and chicken are delicious).  Other favorites that my friends have liked: Kung Pao Chicken, General Tso's Chicken, Buddha's Delight (Mixed Veggies), and Sweet and Sour Chicken.
4 I enjoyed the hibachi very much. I had the steak & shrimp and it was just as good as any of the other places Ive eaten hibachi at in the valley.   Several things stood out to me:  1. The veggies were perfectly done 2. This was hands down the fastest hibachi meal Ive ever had. One hour exactly from entering to leaving 3. It was much less crowded than other places AND... THE WINNER IS... 4. The PRICE! A meal for two was only $30!!! They must be trying hard to bring people in. There was a little sign on the menu that said half off entrees but I didnt believe it til we got the check. $11.50 for filet & shrimp?!? SOLD!
4 We've now ordered to go a few times from Tata Bistro and have always been pleasantly surprised - it is now our go-to chinese place because it is leagues above the competition! The portions on the chinese dishes are BIG - very easy to share or have for a couple meals. Some things we've tried that we hadn't had before, like the Dan Dan noodles  which are thick noodles (sort of like udon) with a spicy, delicious ground chicken sauce. We've also and the long beans with pork (a bit greasy but very the beans were SO tasty). Another recent adventurous order was the chow fun combination, which I have avoided at other chinese restaurants because it was never flavorful enough. This chow fun rocked! All the protein was high quality (great shrimp, beef and chicken) - nothing rubbery or tasteless like you find other places. Really delicious. Again, huge portions that became leftovers for a couple days. Also they have really good egg rolls.
4 I fear telling the world about this place will only make it harder for me to get a table. Love the food. Can not beat these prices!! I eat here quite often and I would give 5 stars but the service can be spotty. My kids love the teppan  table and they give them a good show. Sushi is fresh and also an amazing price compared to most places. Highly recommend trying this place out.
5 I order for delivery all the time the food is great and the price you can't beat the lunch box is 10 bucks and you get so much food I would recommend this to any one in the area it's not good enough to travel for but if you live near by I def recommend it
4 I have to say this is a secret really good sushi spot. I have came here for years with my girlfriend and it's never ever failed. Quite honestly we stopped going (even for fun trying all we can) to other spots because it's just solid always. We don't do the all you can eat so I can't give advice on that but great rolls and flavor as well as quality. We sit at the bar and they have great happy hour specials as well as a hibachi grill and restaurant that serves Japanese and Chinese but never tried either. The decor is plain if your on a date and some crazy stark white lighting so not romantic at all but great food and the bars fun and you have to go.
2 Five years ago, my friend and I were out apartment hunting and looking for somewhere to eat. We ate here and it was great! I have since moved to this side of town, and suggested this place as a first date spot a couple weeks ago. I raved and raved about the place, and we gave it a whirl. They have a couple hibachi tables, sushi bar, and regular seating in a rather large dining room from most Asian places.  We grabbed a booth and were greeted immediately with drink order.  We looked over the menu and decided to go with 3 sushi rolls, and an order of orange chicken.  I was really looking forward to the orange chicken as it's been a while since I've had it.  Sushi came out first and was looking meh?  The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them. We had to ask for them on the side. Ok, maybe that's the norm...it was still good, not the best I've had but ok.  The orange chicken was thinly sliced chicken which I don't like, I like cubed chicken and now I sound like a primadonna.  I only say this because I've ordered orange chicken from a place around the corner from my house, and it's cubed, and fried perfectly. This was kind of flimsy and not too "sauced".    The comedic portion of the evening...my date and I were chatting away, and after finishing the sushi, he put his chopsticks on the plate. He was about to get some orange chicken, but the waitress swooped by and snatched up his plate. I looked at him mouth wide open saying, omg, I guess we're done eating now?   They asked us if we wanted refills on our soda, and we replied yes please, Coke.  Each waitress picked up the glass, stared at the side almost as if she was trying to figure out what was inside, and said ok ok. Not sure what that was about, but it was funny.   On a positive note, we're still seeing each other despite my first date dinner pick.
4 It's good in general.  The teriyaki beef was a little bit too strong.  Sashimi was in big chunk. I wish they cut each into 2 pieces. But sashimi was very tasty.
3 Very strong three star. Food was just a 3.5. Price was 5 star. Half price on this Tuesday night. Friendliness of staff was 5 star. Would come back if I'm in the area again
4 I like to visit on my lunch break, its a healthier option than fast food and its super fast service with Delish sushi!
4 i come here often just for a sushi fix. they have an on-going half off regular sushi rolls promo which hasn't ceased since march 2013. (i don't know when they will end it either)  so i'm a cheap person when it comes to spending money on anything. my favorite roll is a philadelphia roll deep fried. so at regular price for eight pieces it is $7.50. but here at tatas i can get this for $3.25 instead, which is a major plus in my book.   i have yet to try the hibachi, but maybe someday because it is half priced as well.   one day i did try their teriyaki chicken lunch. the chicken was drenched in sauce, the tempura vegetables are nothing special, but good, same goes for the california rolls it comes with.   overall, if you are cheap like me and don't mind just regular rolls this is the place for it.
5 Been meaning to write this place a review.  I stopped by last time I was in LV and visiting family in Henderson.  I didn't know what to expect, but I was very happy when I left!  Loved all the sashimi dishes and rolls. Got to sample a lot because we were a big party.   I REALLY want to try their teppan -- it smelled really delicious, and this random customer walking by told me it was amazing. Might as well try it, it's a great deal!  Oh yea, I just added them on Facebook, they post their specials on there too!
2 I went in for lunch and only had a specialty roll - it was very good.  I won't be back due to bad service (the waitress was more interested in chatting with a waiter behind a screen), dirty table and a carpet that needed a shampoo 2 years ago.
5 A great experience!  I got the tempura udon and I loved it.  The soup and noodles were the perfect texture.  The tempura was excellent.  I got seated right away. Decent prices on the menu. I know I will return. Thank you!
1 It was ok. The best thing was the general Tao chicken. The sushi was not fresh.  We ordered the chow mien which had no flavor and the shrimp tempura which was disgusting ( I told my kids to spit it out ). It didn't even taste like shrimp just mush.  They also were very confused and didn't know what they were doing. We have a table of six with 2 adults and 3 kids. I ask for cheaters chopsticks for the kids and utensils for us all.  I received 1 chopstick ?!!!! And then 2 forks???  What are supposed to do?? Share our forks too??  Not going back. Only thing good was the price
4 Good food. Good service.  Sushi was excellent.  Overall 4 star not a 5.  The best dish after the sushi was the combination tempura dish. I had the Sweet and sour pork.  It was average.  The several noodle dishes at our table were all excellent.
4 They have great deals, 50% off all regular rolls- seems to be an all day every day special but they are delicious. The salmon skin, eel, and yum yum salmon roll were good. The other items are more typical but deals on sushi are great considering the price.
4 I've driven by this place more times than I can count but never thought about stopping until today. Checked out the yelp reviews and decided to give it a try and we were quite pleased. The Chinese food definitely hit the spot. Can't wait to try the sushi.
2 Call me spoiled ...this sushi is gross and the orange chicken , well it was so thin I don't think it had chicken in it. Go somewhere else.
4 Good food at a great price. The only issue is that seating at the hibachi is very limited so you should call ahead on busy nights.
4 A nice size restaurant in a strip mall that I would have never known existed if we had not gone to my nephews fiancee's daughters first communion. The food was amazing, the mongolian beef, shrimp fried rice, shrimp in lobster sauce, sesame chicken, and four different types of sushi which were amazing. I had never had sushi before but figured, good a time as any to give it a shot.. The service was great, I just had water but it never got empty. We were with a group of about 20 people 8 to 10 being 7-13 year olds. They brought them their drinks in appropriate size cups, the younger ones even had lids and a straw. The kids drinks never go emptied either. The lunch was done buffet style and we never ran out of any of the items. Everything was fresh, hot and delicious.. What impressed me the most and why when in the area I will definitely go back is the fact that even though our food came out "in bulk" it was spot on...Can't wait to try when they are making a "normal sized" portion and the service is more one on one. My nephew raves about this place and now I see why.  For me, my tastes and what makes a great place to eat.... this is a great spot.
1 Uh. No.  First off, the first thing you do is walk into a restaurant that has a FILTHY door....  It really makes that red "People Love us on Yelp" sticker stand out.  The place was as busy as I've ever seen it. But the three of us and our baby were able to get a booth no problem.  The booths are really weird. I'm 5'9'' and the table sits super low, and the cushions are uncomfortably high. At least this was the booth that we sat in. An older gentleman stopped by to take our drinks, I asked for water and extra ice.  Our drinks come....No extra ice. *sigh*  Okay, so the "regular" rolls are half priced....So tell me, why haven't you changed the pricing on the menus? Doesn't make much sense to me...Seeing as how this promotion has gone on for almost a year.  Before we ordered, we asked to be split checks. We asked the waitress if we should get two pieces of paper to order...she told us no. We put in our order, and the first part of it comes out pretty fast (regular hand rolls and soup)....almost too fast. So, the boys eat their hand rolls and I wait. ..  Our rolls come out, and they are just lack luster. Nothing special to tell you the truth. Nothing looked fresh, or tasted ...that fresh. This was the last time we saw our waitress, by the way.  So, there we are, out of drinks, waiting for someone to acknowledge us. A few people, INCLUDING THE OWNER, walk by and check on other tables, but not us. It wasn't until AFTER we asked for the check  and boxes that we got refills.  We get the refills, still no boxes.  We get the boxes, and the check comes.  And what do you know, it's not split. We once again, wait for someone to even look our way to try and have it corrected.  We both had our wallets out, ready to pay when the new bills were dropped off. We put them at the edge of the table. One with cash laying down, and the one with the card standing up...  A pretty good hint, don't you think? No, we still waited. We flagged down a busser to take the checks. He comes back with the card, and says that my "change is coming"... Uh, what? who did you pass my money to?  So, still waiting, about a good 20 minutes since we tried to leave....my change comes back. We tipped a decent amount and booked out of there.  Sorry, this fish is not worth the wait, the price or the crappy atmosphere.  Our friend even left his box of leftovers, ON PURPOSE. Terrible food, terrible service.  No thanks.
5 I usually order to go at Ta-Tas, this is my favorite sushi restaurant in Henderson, & they have half price regular rolls. They dont even ask my name anymore when I call, they know me and my usual order that well! When I go in to pick up or in the off chance I do go and dine in, I hope to see Alice she is in my opinion the best waitress there. I always order their spicy tuna and yum yum salmon rolls, and my mom is a big fan of their california crunch and Philly rolls, my dad who is not a fan of sushi is pleased with the large portions of noodles and beef plates they have. All around great place!
5 They have the best hibachi table.  1/2 off on everything on that menu.  It has been our favorite place for years!
3 Hhmm Im really leaning on giving this place a two given the sticky menus, the unswept carpet and my soup bowl that had some sort of crumb residue on it. But the tempura shrimp and veggies I had were not too bad and I didn't get sick on both times I was dragged along here.   Their customer base is made up of young families and on both visits no one didnt seem to mind the mess. Im assuming alot were regular customers by the way everyone interacted with the staff.    The service was on point, had no problems issuing separate checks.  The price of the meal was a good value. What I had was pretty decent.  So three stars since my guts survived. Not in any hurry to go back though but will keep this place in mind for cheap eats.
1 TaTa's teppanyaki table is cheap, yes, but there is little to be desired. The portions are small, and the quality of the meat (read: steak) is not very high.   Best Waitstaff: ALICE. Hands down. She always remembered my name, and the names of my children. Wonderful service from Alice - and quite honestly she was the only reason I kept going back. Other waitstaff was not nearly as attentive. Or interested.   The sushi is ok. I appreciate the Ichiban, the Johnny Roll (if you like pre-made crab mix), the Long Island, and the Casino Royale. I especially like the Garlic Tuna nigiri. Best in town, quite honestly. Unfortunately the other issues this place has cannot be overlooked. Filthy floors, sticky tables, sticky menus, and dirty silverware (only once - but that was enough).   I used to frequent TaTa quite a bit... Until I found hair in my sushi. When I advised the staff about it, they took the plate away. When they brought me back a "new" sushi roll - it had the same hair on it. In the same place. After that, I have not gone back.
1 So we arrived there for dinner yesterday after spotting it last week leaving walgreens . Dining room was empty and not one clean table available . Place was dirty so we can only imagine what the kitchen looks like . With that in mind we left and don't plan on ever going back .
4 Fresh food and great service. I've only sat at the sushi bar but they have a teppan yaki grill and restaurant part that serves Chinese food along with Japanese cuisine.  They have a few no rice rolls that I start off with like the Rock and Roll that are "wrapped" in layers of cucumber! So Ono!!
