4 Yes, I am sad to say that I am a heterosexual male and went to Jo-Ann's by choice.  That disclaimer aside, I must admit I had no idea what I was doing in this shop, and the employees walked me through finding what I was looking for and telling me how to complete my project.  No, you don't get to hear what my project was, but it was very, very manly.
5 This Jo-Ann's is wonderful! the customer service is phenomenal and they have more oddity crafts than michaels does. everything is quite easy to find and the prices are beyond reasonable :)
1 Boy am I tired of poor customer service!!!   As we searched the store, we passed three associates - none of them said hello or asked if we needed help.  The cashier was beyond rude - suffering from a chronic case of lack of personality. The total came up on the credit card machine and it was too high so I asked about some of the items that were supposed to be discounted. She said they had been but it still showed the amount before the discount and that is what she said was owed. As I looked more closely, I noticed that there was a line with the pre-discount total on the right and, on the left, was the actual amount due. Seriously??? Not only was this confusing but the cashier was telling me to pay the incorrect amount. It was so frustrating.   I will not be visiting this store again. There are too many others that offer the same items. I will go elsewhere in hopes of locating a store that cares about their customers.
3 If you need fabric, this is the place to go if you don't mind the slightly higher prices. But grab a number because this department is busy! We were among the youngest people here, not counting the kids with their mommies. If you go on a holiday weekend, be prepared to wait! There are sales which means lower prices. The fabric I was getting was for making handbag dustbags, so it was 50% off. We had a pretty long wait- maybe a half hour.   If you need jewelry supplies, I was very disappointed to find out that there are no semi-precious stones here. The findings selection was very good though. The other beads (crystal/swarovski imitation beads, plastic, glass and fake pearls) are in good supply but that's not what I wanted. The kits, cord, wire and chain selection was pretty good- but about the same as Michael's. Since, there are no semi-precious beads here, there really isn't any reason to come here anymore. I found some cute metal charms for a bracelet- hearts and music signs.    All the other hobby departments are good- holiday/seasonal, baskets, wedding, ribbon, scrapbooking, framing, etc. We did find a cute turkey hanging for Thanksgiving (we have an abundant Christmas holiday decorations supply, so much that we cannot by anything else- hey, we love Christmas.) on sale so the visit here wasn't a total loss.   The line to pay was pretty long too. Yes, another wait for another line. But the cashier was nice and the crowd wasn't rowdy or impatient- guess they were happy with the sales.
3 I came for some fabric and flowers to make a Dia De Los Muertos Catrina headdress for Halloween.  The place was busy so I decided to browse to kill time. I just carried my bolt of fabric around while I browsed for my flowers. My number is finally called and I was already halfway to the counter and the lady was already helping the next number. They didn't even give me 10 seconds to walk there. I kept saying "excuse me" to get their attention and I wasn't heard. Once I finally told them I'm number 59, they told me I can wait.   I'm just sayin' it wasn't like they were having to wait on me for a long time. And please don't ignore me.    At least what I got was on sale. They are doing 50% off a lot of the fabrics and 60% off Autumn flowers.
5 I would love to spend time in Jo-Ann's everyday, I love looking at all of the fabrics, and browsing through the yarns. If you are looking for a craft project, they have plenty to offer, and if you want to take a class on something like jewelry making or cake decorating, they have that too!   I signed up for the coupons, and they come in the mail regularly, so I take advantage of the them, and when I finally make my purchases, and head up to check out, they are so good at helping me find the right combination, to really save, I used a 10% with a 50% off and walked away with really good savings.   Be sure to pick up a number at the fabric counter if you are gonna get something cut, this department is always busy. (my secret, come when the store first opens).
4 I've been coming to this shopping center for a while and never noticed this place.  Thank you Yelp for the guidance.   Not a bad place to shop for craft supplies.  I called around several different places for something to repair a tear on a leather couch and Jo-anns was able to tell me right away on the phone about the several products they had to take care of it.  When we got there we were helped pretty quick and the sale associate was able to make a recommendation for hat I needed.  Judging from the previous reviews customer service is a hit or miss type thing.  I guess I'll find out more when I come back for some fabric.
5 If you get down on the CRAFTS like I do, then this is the spot!  Seriously....I could easily max out the husband's credit cards at this place!       =) Don't know that he'd like that.......hmmmmmm?  So anyway, my craft of choice is fondant cakes!  Crafty to you, maybe not.  Crafty to me, HECK YES!  It's my creative freedom, my outlet, and people pay me for my designs, so why not!  Joann's has three to four aisles dedicated to baking and they ALWAYS have in stock what I'm looking for! My favorite part are probably the coupons........they're ALWAYS blowing up my email with a 50% off this or that!  As long as that continues, Joann's is a KEEPER in my book!  =)
2 This is a review for the craft classes offered at this Joanns location.  I stopped taking classes at this Joanns about 2 years ago because both rooms they offered the classes in were freezing cold.  It was very hard to sit in these rooms for 2-3 hours and learn a craft or work on a project.  I was not the only person who felt these rooms were too cold, the instructors and other "pupils" also thought it was very cold. I tried to take another class again this year because there was a new class that very much interested me.  However after 2 years, the freezing cold environment of the room had still not been addressed by the Joanns staff.  You would think the customer and instructor feedback would make them heat the room or get space heaters.  Nope, they just don't care if you are uncomfortable while you are paying to take a class there.  I find that unacceptable and even though the classes are interesting and the instructors are fun and knowledgeable - I will never take a class there again.  How hard can it be to heat a freaking room in the winter?
3 I got what I wanted after looking for quite awhile--both for someone to get help and then trying to find the place she told me to go.  The aisles are not too well marked for items like a grocery store aisle, so I had to search for another time.  I would advise bringing your spouse who probably knows a hell of a lot more than you do and let them help you!
3 I have been here a few times. I am very glad to have somewhere else other than Michael's to shop for crafts. Their selection here is lacking tough. I went in to buy a new puzzle and there wasn't even a whole aisle set aside for puzzles. It was so small that I passed it 2 times even though I asked an associate for help. Literally only 10 puzzles to choose from. That's pretty slim compared to Michael's which has a whole section. I like that they offer classes here, but I haven't had a chance to try any.
3 I suppose if you are into fabrics and sewing, this is the place to go.  I actually went to check out the sewing classes they're offering, so that I can take the sewing machine I bought at Costco two years ago out of the box.  It terrifies me, and I need help.  (Think needles in fingers at warp speed!).  But I'm also into crafts - not actually doing them, just stockpiling supplies in various categories for the day when I actually stop going to Yelp events and find the time to do them.  And for crafts, Jo-Ann is not the place to go.  Granted, I didn't get there until very late Sunday afternoon.  There were shelves and shelves that had nothing on them - totally empty.  I'll be kind:  maybe there was a big run on paint-by-numbers or basketweaving that day.  But the aisles are not marked, and there weren't employees on the floor, so finding anything was a challenge.  Maybe this is deliberate, since browsing can lead to buying. The pre-made frames they carry are really cheaply made and cheesy, and so are the artificial flowers.  In comparing both of these categories to the choices at Michael's - a store that I'm not crazy about, by the way - Michael's wins hands down.  But they don't give sewing classes!
2 I drove across town to see if I could find Candle Tart Molds at Jo-Ann Fabrics. It is really easy to get distracted in there while looking for something because there are so many neat and fun craft items available. I filled up my basket with nothing I came for, and as I got to the last isle asked a lady who worked there nicely where the candle making stuff was. She looked at me with a "im too busy to talk to you" face and snarled back with "we dont sell candle making stuff". It was almost like she was yelling at me for being so STUPID to think they carried the stuff. She didnt even direct me to the candy making molds which work just as well. SO, after being yelled at, I went to check out. My cashier was really nice, and I asked him what stores might carry candle making supplies. He said "I think Micheals, but let me ask (the mean lady) if she knows." Not knowing I had asked her IF the carried the supplies(not where) he asked her and she just started YELLING "I Dont know, dont ask me," (apparently she is the crafting guru there, because the cashier was really surprised she didnt know, or even care). I then found out that (even though I have signed up for the mailing list a few times) Jo-anns did not send me my coupon in the mail.....:( THE ONLY REASON I GAVE 2 STARS WAS THE SELECTION AND MY NICE CASHIER........The MEAN lady that works there, and the over priced items get 0 stars.
1 Wow, I had been told by everyone not to shop at Jo-Ann for fabrics or patterns because of the rude and terrible staff, but I had to see it to believe it. (They have a terrible reputation here in town.) After being ignored for 30 minutes, told by an employee that she was busy and could not answer my question. (It was, "where is the restroom?") and finally scolded for waiting in line to have my fabric cut (apparently you aren't supposed to wait in line, this is some horrible sin that gets you yelled at in public at Jo-Ann fabrics. I'm still not sure exactly what I did wrong, just that I got yelled at - yes yelled at, for hanging around the cutting table.) while no indication was given as to how I was supposed to get someone to cut my fabric, I finally left - apparently there is some number system, it would have been nice for the  employee to let me know that since the ticket machine was covered up by another waiting customer's item where no one could see it. They seem to have a decent fabric selection (I'm new to sewing) and certainly the size of the rest of the store ensures that they have whatever craft supplies ones heart could desire, but I know that due to the downright hostile staff, I won't ever be shopping there and I will encourage anyone who asks me to take their business elsewhere.
4 I've always had a good experience at this store. And just to clarify this isn't your regular run of the mill JoAnn Fabric store, this is a store on craft crack. It's double the size of your regular store and I was beside myself the first time I went. I felt like i'd died and gone to craft heaven. Going on weekends is definitely not the best idea since that's when most people aren't working and are out to hit the awesome sales that Joann's usually has to offer. I usually don't mind waiting because it lets me browse the store and look at other things. I'm into all sorts of crafts so for me this store is great. They have a rockin fabric selection, i've always managed to find something that I like. I do wish they had more of a selection of designer fabrics like Michael Miller and such, gotta go to specialty shops or online for that. And their "crafts" section is pretty diverse and has alot of different things to offer. I am also impressed with the yarn selection it's about 3-4 aisles worth. The people that work there are friendly and the gals at the cutting table are great even when cutting a large order (which I do now and again when there are epic sales) I suggest that if you purchase from this store frequently that you get their mailer it's very worth it! You will not only get the regular ad with coupons, but at times they will also send some really kick ass coupon specials. Like 20-25% off your entire purchase regular and sale priced. That can lead to epic scores when combined with other sales. I've scored up to  85% off on stuff there before. yeah I said it....LOL I've even had receipts where i've saved more than i've spent, that feels amazing. So if you're into crafting/ sewing or just general hobby crafting this is a great place to go, it satisfies for sure.
1 I love the items in the store but you can never find anyone to help you and when you do they are so very RUDE! There is this one lady who is always at the register and again, RUDE. I needed help finding something and I finally noticed a worker walking by so I asked for help, she ignored me and started walking faster. I practically had to chase her down. I finally got her attention, I told her what I was looking for she pointed and said "It's over that way" turned around and walked away.
1 I could never in good conscience shop at this store again. I am so tired of being treated rudely and with impatience. Even the huge, beautiful layout and vast array of items is not enough to tempt me back to this place. I have to make this decision based on principle. I will be completely happy to drive across town to another fabric store, rather than spend another dime at this Jo-Ann's.  After a return, I had to say thank you three times before the indifferent woman behind the counter would have the decency to say you're welcome. It's like she was blaming me for her store's new return policy (they don't take clearance items back anymore, apparently). No one ever told me about this new policy, and I certainly wouldn't have made the purchase, knowing the sale was final (two baskets that didn't meet my organizing needs once I got them home). She coldly told me that the policy was on the receipt -- but you don't see that until you've already purchased the item! Also, what was written on the back clearly stated in one section that they will gladly take returns with receipt (which I had). Another paragraph stated no clearance returns. I pointed this out to her in a very discreet way, "You may want to let someone know that this should be reworded." She was so rude, interrupted me and snapped, "They already know and have already reworded it." Okay, excuse me for trying to help. She made it very clear to me that she was going to override the transaction, but really didn't want to and she would now have to answer to her manager. She handed me the receipt and said I would have to write down the reason for the return. I asked her, "What type of thing should I write down?" She snapped in response, "Nevermind,  I'll just have to answer for this." I mean really, there are so many better ways to handle this situation -- but she was a classic case of a person who is simply: NOT CUT OUT FOR WORKING WITH PEOPLE.  This is about 50 percent of the rudeness I experienced there yesterday (there was also another very rude employee I had the displeasure of interacting with). This is not even including a very rude woman at the fabric cutting counter a few months back. I asked her the price of the fabric and she refused to tell me -- she just kept asking me how much I wanted! Well, this is for a child to play with, so it really does depend on the cost -- please just tell me the price per yard!!! I mean, really, you're holding the bolt of fabric in your hand, and you have a scanner...is it too much to ask? I was really surprised that she just kept demanding to know how much I wanted, instead of first even acknowledging my question -- there was no patience, no appreciation, no respect.  The beligerent, condescending attitude on these people is shocking. Well, I have to say, there are a couple of nice people who work there, but a few bad apples really spoil the whole bunch for me. So, if you want a good chance someone will be rude to you for no good reason (and I don't think there's ever a good reason to treat customers this way), well, you know where to go!   I hopped right over, practically across the street, to Michael's, where a sweet young lady was more than happy to help us with product information and advice -- she even walked us over and read the back of a product with us. I said, "I just have to thank you for how nice and helpful you have been -- I just came from Joann's." She said, well, that's why she works at Michael's now -- she used to work at Joann's. She was so sweet and really made our night!  A couple of friends have recommended I speak to the store manager -- but honestly, I don't feel it will do any good. The manager obviously condones this behavior, and is probably part of the reason for the whole problem in the first place! I have been in customer service, and I have been a manager, and there is just something really wrong going on in this store, and it's really sad. It really is a shame.
3 I order most of my crafty products and fabric online and not from Jo-Anns as they take forever for delivery.  I only go to the store if I absolutely have to.  I pretty much know want I need and what, I don't need any assistance when I go to the store.  It is what it is.  I know the fabric cutting drill.  Take a number and wait and hope that your number is not after a quilter.  They usually have bolts and bolts of fabric in their carts and only want 1/2 a yard of everything.  But, for me, it always works out that way.  Or the person that asks endless questions about how much material would they need to make this and that.    Your not going to get top notch service here, but for me it is not necessary.  If they have what I want that's all that matters.
2 God I wish this wasn't the only Jo-Ann's in town. The line for the fabric is ALWAYS long. You may as well grab your ticket for cuting THEN go shopping. And make sure you check your cuts before you leave the table. I had something cut incorrectly one time, I told a manager about it and asked her what I should do and she made me wait in line again and have them cut a new piece! Seriously?! She should have made me the very next person in line and have someone take care of me.  They have a fair selection of a little bit of every craft. Love their feather selection here. But when you are ready to leave, be ready to wait in line again! Don't get me wrong the cashiers are always great, friendly, know what they are doing. But it really is just a hassle to go here.  If I can avoid this place I do. Hancock, Michaels, Wal-Mart, etc.
3 I would have to say that Joann's is one of the few places in Vegas with a lot of sewing options like fabrics, thread, etc. I came here when they had a friends and family deal (30% off everything) so it was quite busy on a weekday morning surprisingly. I think with the coupon everyone tends to flock and buy yards and yards of fabric. Like fellow other Yelpers have said, the line for the fabric cutting can take awhile...I had a lady with probably about 15 different fleeces to be cut ahead of me and all the cutting stations were all busy. They finally got the clue though and added a couple more employees to help out and this made it go by a lot quicker. Joann's has a lot of craftsy things as well, but seeing as it is a drive for me I rather hit a closer craft store....unless they have that awesome promotion like they did a couple of weeks ago. I was looking for a certain type of fabric and I looked around for someone to ask. but no one was around. I finally found what I was looking for after browsing through the aisles myself. Checkout was fairly quick and they do offer the Wilton Cake Decorating Class as well as sewing classes. Overall, Joann's can be a winner with a great coupon and patience for the fabric cutting line.
1 I took a sewing class on how to make a clutch, and the teacher was extremely rude to me. She criticized my skills because I didn't know how to use a Simplicity pattern. Instead of being patient with me and showing me how to do it correctly, she was condensing towards me. I had taken two other sewing classes prior at a different place, so I knew how to sew, but hadn't used a Simplicity pattern before. I spent the entire class cutting out patterns and fabric, and only had a half hour to sew my clutch together. Needless to say, I didn't finish the project. I don't own a sewing machine, so I won't be able to finish my project until I buy one. I complained to the teacher, and she's told me I can sign up for another class (you mean pay more money?!?). No thanks, lady.
3 I was interested in exploring exploring needlework as a fine art medium so I headed over to Jo-Ann to pick up a needlepoint kit. The store is huge - and while I was wandering around I stumbled across the embroidery /sewing machine section in the center of the store.    Admittedly being a total newbie to needlecraft - I stopped and talked to the saleswoman about various high-end machines for future information in case I really get into it. She didn't have a lot of patience with me as a newbie and brusquely informed me that I would probably find what I needed at Jo-Ann's.   *blink*   I looked around...hadn't been kidnapped by the Tardis or transported to another location by the Enterprise...still corporally present...yup, still inside Jo-Ann's.  I said - "Oh! I'm sorry! What do you mean? I thought I was in Jo-Ann's".    She got huffy and told me that they weren't part of Jo-Ann's, just had a space inside Jo-Ann's, and I would probably find what I needed OVER THERE (as she tersely dismissed me to other side of the store).  *blink*blink*  ...OK...but you don't have to get rude about it! Geez! How was I supposed to know?  After further wandering, I picked up a little needlepoint starter kit with a rooster on it - and found out that I actually enjoy the needlepoint the process.  Now that I'm armed with a computer program that will turn any image into a needlepoint pattern - I'll definitely be back to purchase blank canvases and thread.  I'll just make sure I avoid the surly saleswomen in the center of the store. I'm giving Jo-Ann's three stars - because I don't feel that the actions of the folks "inside Jo-Ann's, but not Jo-Ann's" should be held against them - but the lack of partitions and signage to that effect does make it very confusing.
5 This Joann's is one of my favorite craft stores in Vegas. I love that they have their own app and have no problem combining different coupons that are on their app as well as in their ad. All of the people are wonderful and always are helpful! I highly recommend this Joann's when going to get craft supplies. Also, I will say they rock when it comes to giving ideas for the projects I have!
5 This place was great!   I bought my sewing machine here and a really nice lady (Betty?) helped me pick one out and then also showed me how to use one before I bought it. I also get a free class on how the use the machine.  I love the coupons they always have the sales that are going on. The fabric is great too!
4 Pretty vast selection of fabrics, and patterns. Unfortunately, the stock of the patterns is always a hit or miss.  The people that work here are lazy and rude, I only give this place stars cause it's the only place in town to get good fabric.
5 This store has everything ! I can be in there for days ! I went to buy fabric and I know nothing about fabric or sewing so the lady that helped me, really did a wonderful job ! She was really great !
3 I love this store for yarn and cake decorating supplies. The selection is much better than Michaels and they take more than one coupon at a time. What I don't like is the lack of customer service. I don't know if there is a high turnover but twice now I've been treated rudely. Today was it. The clerk ringing my purchase up was more interested in the conversation the clerk across from her was having (about overtime) that she did not thank me for shopping there and didn't hand me my bag. I said thank you to her two times, was ignored and when I said "I must be invisible" out loud she finally said "I'm sorry"   By then I was walking out and I just shook my head. I think I'll try Hobby Lobby.
5 I just came in here for my first time. I wanted to check out their fleece selection as I make fleece blankets.  I saw online that their fleece fabric was 50% off. It was very busy, I had to wait for a cart.  I grabbed a number & waited about 15 minutes before I was called up.  The lady who cut my fabric was very nice and helpful.  There are lots of coupons offered online and it seems as if there are always sales going on.  I will return.
1 Never shopping here again. I came in to get some last minute quilting supplies (batting and fusible web) and none of the ladies behind the sewing counter could answer basic questions and they told me to use embroidery stabilizer when I was looking for iron fusible web for appliqué. When I said that it wasn't what I was looking for, they literally all claimed to be professional quilters. Riiiight. When I couldn't find the correct batting amongst the giant mess of a fabric section, I asked an employee for help. After she verified that they would indeed cut the brand new bolt of batting, she walked away, leaving me to awkwardly and uncomfortably carry a giant bolt of batting to the cutting counter- a bolt that (according to Amazon.com) weighs 70 pounds.   Then, I thought about looking ONCE MORE for the appliqué stuff, when an incredibly obnoxious and rude employee with a headset came up behind me and was all, "Don't you know we close at 9pm? I've got places to go! Why isn't the closing message coming on?!?" And I explained that I couldn't find what I was looking for, to which she replied that "all them ladies behind the counter are professional quilters. If they don't know, than no one can help you."   That's when I decided to go to the register and get the heck out of there. When I get to the register, who should I find but the obnoxious headset gal. She was telling all the cashiers that "some lady thought she knew better than the PROFESSIONALS." And she was clearly mocking me. So I said, "You know I can hear you, right?" And she replied, "I'm trying to HELP you. But why don't you help yourself and go home."   I asked to speak with a manager, and of course the nearest cashier claimed to be the manager. Riiiiiight. She tried to justify  the obnoxious behavior and ridiculously poor customer service and wished me a very sarcastic "merry Christmas."  Moral of the story = I will never set foot in any JoAnn's store ever again. I will spend my money at Quiltique or Fabric Boutique.
2 This review is for the fabric cutting station area only:  You have to take a number and wait to be called to get your fabric cut. Plan on being in the store a while.  I have to start by saying that I went around December 1st so it was very busy with holiday shoppers.  The selection of fabrics was nice and this was my first ever trip to this store.  I am new to sewing and with the reviews I read I wasn't expecting great customer service going in.  SInce everyone was getting Christmas print fabrics cut there were a bunch of the fabric bundles piled high on a cart behind the cutting station that would eventually go back to the shelves.  I stepped near this cart to get a closer look at something with small print and.....One of the fabric cutters yelled at me that I was in a restricted area and I needed to move back like I trying to rob the fabric cart.  I told her I didn't touch anything and to relax it's just fabric.  The people that were standing around waiting for their numbers to be called were chuckling and snickering about her reaction and the way she raised her voice.  Holy smokes! That was about enough to make me want to leave but I already had a cart full of fabrics that I selected to be cut so I stuck around.  There were 4 cutters working and of course when my number was called I got the lady that yelled at me.  I am hoping it's just like this during the busy season and they are more pleasant the rest of the year when it isn't so busy.
1 Omg what a horrible experience. The wait time for a piece of fabric to be cut was almost two hours!!  One person cutting material on a Saturday!  This is a store that specializes in fabric but it's next to impossible to get it done.  Forget finding an employee to ask them where to find something, there are mine to be found. The next hour wait is the line to get out of this place. Horrible. I will not be back.
1 Omg. This place is horrible. Long lines and unprofessional employees.  How do they mange to stay open. They are horrible. Customer service is nonexistent here.  Don't give your money to these people. Find another fabric store.
3 Joann Fabrics has everything that a new or experienced arts and crafter could want. I took my niece to a class to learn to make an apron. I thought the price was really high for what they made, but she learned a good techniques. An alternative for beginners is the Frock Chop at Springs Preserve. For about half the price the kids learn how to upcycle their own t-shirts and jeans and learn about the environment. The best part is that there is no sewing machine required.
2 There doesn't seem much competition for Joann's Fabrics in Vegas which means one has to put up with the long wait times, slow service and poorly stocked and unorganized merchandise. One weekend, I had to wait over an hour for my fabric to get cut. And when you get ready to pay, there's also a really long line. The store was almost closing so the lady over the PA system announces, "... please proceed to the registers for fast and friendly customer service." All customers in the store found that statement laughable. I'm being generous with giving this place 2 stars just because I did end up going home with some fabric.
1 I found the sales staff to be quite rude and unhelpful. There were not enough people working at the cutting station so the line was long. There was no staff available to ask questions to; I could not find anyone when I looked. They are the only craft store that sells the item I need for a project so I am unfortunately going to have to go back. But I would rather take my business elsewhere.
1 One star- Only because I wasn't happy with my cashier Sathi. I'm not sure if he was just a jerk or if it's company policy but he wouldn't let me use my two print out coupons in two different transactions.. for two items. He said it has the same code..  Well they're from the website, thousands of people use the same coupon with the same code. I didn't ask him to use it in the same transaction- it would've been two different transactions which means it would work, just as if the the person behind me was using the same printed coupon. I told him, "okay then.. I'll just come back".  WHY WHY WHY make your customer go out if their way and work for the coupon.. When it results in the same discount?   While I was there I overheard three different people say "excuse me to do you work here" to customers and not employees (nowhere to be found).  I've had good service at this location before.. Just not today. Today I was frustrated with bad senseless customer service.
5 I've been to this Jo-Ann's a lot over the past couple months because I have a brand new sewing machine and I am learning to sew.   The store is always clean, never messy. All things are in their respective places. There is a lot of fabric to choose from, and other crafty items. Their patterns books are always out and there is table you can sit and flip through them. The drawers for the patterns are well kept and not messy.  Even on busy Sundays they have enough people cutting fabric so as to make sure your wait is not very long. And the people cutting fabric do a good job. I've never waited over 10 minutes to have my fabric cut.  Also, sometimes they have very good deals on fabric, so you can stock up if you are a sewer or someone who makes your own clothes, etc.  I have never had a problem shopping here and they will continue to get my business.
