4 Whenever I am at Fashion Show Mall and I am hungry, I usually stop at Great Wraps. Every wrap and sandwich I have tasted has never been disappointing. It is a cheap and tasty. My favorite is Cheesy Chicken Wrap.  One cool thing I do is order fries and ask for one of their sauces to use as a dip. My favorites are the Honey Mustard and the Chipotle Sauces.  One sucky thing is they charge for refills.  Overall, this is a great way to start or end a shopping day.
3 why am i at a food court in vegas? well, we were super hungry and needed to eat quick. there are long lines for this place but it's just ok. fills my stomach but leaves my taste buds wanting more. seriously, make time to go to a good restaurant. it's vegas!
4 Cheap and on the strip. The old man at the cash register was really nice. My fiance is a vegetarian and she had a delicious falafel hummus wrap.
2 Its aight.  Nothing interesting about it.  No one was in line = bad food.  It's your average wrap fast food chain.
2 First meal in Vegas...Great Wraps.  We weren't super hungry and since we'd been walking around Fashion Show Mall we figured - what the heck.  Out of all the food court options, Great Wraps had the most promise.  We got a couple wraps - buffalo chicken and gyro.  Both were alright, but nothing spectacular.  The buffalo chicken wrap was way too sauced and it bummed me out.  The gyro was surprisingly tasty for what it was.  Price wise? Maybe not so worth it.  But maybe that's what I get for going to a food court.
4 I love this place, it's my go-to when I'm hungry at the fashion show mall and I don't wanna pay for over priced food for no reason.  Everything is fresh made to order, I always get the chipotle wrap on a tomato basil tortilla.  It's like one big fat short burrito cut in two.  Their a little skimpy on the fries but that's ok. The fries are just like hooters curly fries and go great with their little Tapatio packets they give you.  Next time you're in Fashion Show mall, just think... Non-dollar-menu items at Wendy's, or Great Wraps? Great Wraps!!
4 i tried a sample they were giving out and i was suprised i really liked it so i bought a wrap, came with fries and a drink. not so expensive. it filled me up. if i ever go back to that food court at the mall, i'll prob eat that again.
4 It was Sunday morning.  This is inside the food court.  My bf and I walked here from the Trump Hotel.  We ordered the Thai wrap, which came with curly fries and a drink for under $10.  The wrap was good.
4 The cashier, Roger, took my order was super enthusiastic, helpful, & friendly. When I walked up he was offering samples & I took one expecting it to be cold with no taste, I was proved wrong. They also sell delicious smoothies as well! I was asking another employee about the different sauces in the wraps & he heard me and even hooked it up with the hot sauce! DEFINATELY COMING BACK.
5 No lie here....Great Wraps is part of the reason that my Mom and I frequent Las Vegas once a year.  I guarantee this will be the most delicious mall food you will ever have!  Personally, I LOVE the number 5.  Whatever that GW sauce is, it is undeniably amazing.  My mom is a big fan of the Caesar Wrap, which is pretty awesome as well.   This place beats every other fast food place by a mile!  Great Wraps is friendly, quick, delicious, and fairly priced.  Can I trade a California In n Out for a Great Wraps?
5 I stumbled upon this place while on vacation . I had the thai wrap with fries which was delicious and fresh.  I came by a second time because I just needed to try it a second time . I would recommend going with the curly fries since you can use their spice rack to spice up your fries. Highly recommend Great Wrap.
