4 This is a neighborhood pub/bar/restaurant.  The food isn't fancy, but it is good.  It is a regular hangout for quite a number of patrons, but even if you go there infrequently, if you get the same bartender a few times, they will remember your name.  I've sat at the bar, at one of the tables in the bar section, and in the restaurant area.  Never been disappointed.
2 This is a tough review for me to write.  Have you ever felt like you wanted to like something, and whatever it was, was just kind of "Meh..." and you left wondering why?  Well that was my experience at 92nd St. Café.  My wife and I had an engagement on that side of town and we were about a half hour early so we thought we'd stop in for a drink first.  We walked in and sat at the bar, and my first impression was that it was a "Neighborhood Bar", as in, if you don't live in the "neighborhood" then this bar isn't for you.  It's hard to explain.  The patrons were mostly middle aged men and a couple of women.  We sat at the bar and were basically ignored for the first five minutes we were there while the bartender (picture Johnny Bravo from the cartoon network) talked on his cell phone, flirted with the female patron(s), and wiped down the glasses.  We were finally served by a really nice lady who appeared from the back of the restaurant and we were promptly served.  My wife had a Guinness and I had a Crown and Coke.  The pour was strong and the total was $11.  We noticed a sign proclaiming karaoke Wed-Sat from 9pm-1:30am.  We spied the karaoke setup in the corner and grabbed a book and saw they had a pretty decent selection of songs, so we decided to stop back by after our engagement and check it out.  Later that night, we returned, and karaoke was in full swing...well sorta.  There were two singers.  The host was doing his best to get other singers up, but just wasn't having much luck.  In between singers he played a mix of Lady Gaga and Kid Rock so it wasn't quite as awkward, although it was rather loud.  We were hungry so we ordered some food.  I got the sliders and my wife had the crab rangoon appetizer.  I didn't try the rangoon, but the sliders were fair.  The sliders consisted of basically a hamburger patty cut into quarters with cheese and grilled onions on top.  It was dark and I didn't notice the grilled onions when I read the menu or I would have declined as they don't agree with me.  But that was my fault not theirs.  We didn't end up singing because we just weren't feeling it, if you know what I mean.  But the waiter was super nice and very prompt.  It was a completely different crowd at night than it was earlier in the evening.  So would I go back? Maybe, if I was in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't make a special trip to the place...again, for me, it was just "Meh".
2 Karoke night was fun to watch. Two bartenders, one guy and one girl. The girl was terrible. You had to flag her down to get a drink everytime. It became the talk of the bar. Good place to stop for one drink but not good enough to hang for the night.
4 Kinda really love this place. Here's why. Stiff cheap drinks, a REAL boozy day drinking crowd and pretty decent food. My Ketel One and tonic was so stiff I could barely taste the tonic. And it was $5.25! What?! Am I still in Scottsdale? Plus, I love the crowd. None of this fake "frat boy" fake dive bar crowd. No, middle aged serious boozers who really know how to drink. Fun, crazy, insane "conversation" with seriously drunk guy at 2 in the afternoon. Now that's entertainment! Also...the place has damn fine vitals. The only thing that would make this place a "real" dive bar is if the food was terrible. But, hey. Two out of three ain't bad. Glad this joint is with biking distance from my pad. I'm a fan.
5 Affordable food and stiff drinks make this a little hidden treasure. Not to mention it's family owned. Similar to cheers where everyone knows your name. Say what's up to the guy  behind the bar that looks like Johnny Neuron next time you're in!
4 Solid service, good food, stiff drinks, and plenty of sports. Nothing fancy about this place - just a great local place to relax. Someone needs to get some inside pics uploaded... guessing that will be me.
4 Sunday night, busy weekend, lazy...we decided to pop down the block from our new place....French Dip, a Burger, few pops, some football and excellent service! Just found my new closest to the house watering hole!
5 I love this place. It had good stiff cheap drinks. It has great food and its not just "bar food". And all the servers & bartenders are awesome. So whether it be for karaoke, Sunday football, or to eat this place doesn't disappoint. And its not a snobby scottsdale bar either. Love "the ninety deuce" as regulars would call it ;)
4 If you are looking for a casual, low-key, taverny kind of place this would be it. Food is better than bar food and the servings are big enough to share. Been here a couple of times with friends from Chicago and they know the bartender and manager very well from years of making this one of "their" places.  The crowd is a mix, but more often older patrons. The service is spotty, but if the one you get knows you from coming in, the service is much better. Worth going and making it your neighborhood place.
4 Love this place! So much fun for karaoke, a great down-to-earth crowd that will sing along with you and a great selection of food that's better than your average bar/pub.  I highly recommend it for a low-key night out, kicking back with friends or singing along with strangers! :)
4 This area has plenty of housing but not many options to choose from for evening cocktails. Luckily a spot like 92nd Street Cafe exists. Now, here's something very important to note: disregard the name "cafe" in the title. When I think of a cafe, I think of a quaint spot where I can get a nice coffee, a simple sandwich/salad and sit for hours while reading a book. But at 92nd Street Cafe, think about this spot more as one where you go to after a couple or to get a couple drinks and waist the day/night away with bar food and dive drinks.   The scene here is pretty classic and fun. I walked in and saw a large group of bar goers themed in their best 80s attire. I saw old men who were stumbling around like they'd been drinking since 1989 and I saw normal bar goers just there to kick back and have a few.   It's divey in here but clean, the staff is friendly and the drinks are good. It's a narrow bar but surprisingly has a decent amount of seating a room. The interior has plenty of activities for the drinkers as well.   I will end this review with a funny observation I made while there and that's the fact that this bar is right next to Sweet Republic. One day the kids are getting ice cream with their folks, the next day they are home from college and discover 92nd Street Cafe next door.
3 I would like this place a lot more if the karaoke were better.  The selection of songs is really odd. Plus I gave the dude a $10 tip and he let me do one song in three hours. Not cool, dude.
4 What to say about 92nd St Cafe? Well, it's kind of crappy but at the same time it's kind of not. I mean, the furniture is nice and they're remodeling the bathrooms. But the layout is so bizarre and there's so many beer ads, posters, neon signs, & pennants that it makes all the nice stuff irrelevant. The shape of the bar is weird too and there's not much room to move around when it's busy. The karaoke has a new guy that's cool, right now it's my favorite place to Karaoke. The staff is friendly and they remember customers. After only two visits the waiter remembered my favorite drink. The food is pretty good quality but their menu is a crazy clusterf*ck of different kinds of food. Nachos, fried shrimp, linguine bolognese, omelettes?  All in all this place is a cozy neighborhood bar that's fun to have a few drinks at.
4 Sunday football @ 92. Got the games we wanted, so big points scored there. Then one channel switched w/o consultation; cost them a star. The homestyle fried chicken was the best I've had in years! Every piece perfectly crisp and juicy without being greasy. YUM! Steak & Eggs and fries were great. Drinks were strong including Martini specials. They give great karaoke @ night.
2 This place is a decent local watering hole. The people who hang out there are nice enough.  But I should never have to beg for a drink.  The bartender was too busy chatting up with some guys at the end of the bar that she could not be bothered to get me a drink.  So I went back to the patio sans drink.  My friends ask why I didnt get a drink? Because I don't want one so bad as to have to beg for it.  So rather than leave they talked me into waiting.  Eventually got drink.  Time to get drink #2. Went through the same process again.  So now I am thinking it's just me she is ignoring.  Then some other friends came in to join us.  My buddy sits down next to me at the bar and after about 5 mins of waving his hands in the air he turns to me and asks, "What does a guy have to do to get a drink around here"  Me: "Welcome to 92nd Street Cafe"
3 This place was alright. The Reuben sandwich was pretty good, a little skimpy on the corned beef, but still good. We got there shortly after they opened so our service was fast. Our waitress Lori was efficient and pleasant. I wanted to sit outside, but the old timers were out there smoking, and I don't care for cigarette smoke. After a while the smoke started coming in through the door. Aside from them it was okay. Nothing to write home about, feels like a sports bar. if cigarette smoke bothers you I suggest you look elsewhere.
3 I enjoy coming to this place.   It's a little quirky and the service is hit or miss.   I don't really know what it is.   But I just enjoy coming.   Maybe cuz it's close to the house or cuz they serve alcohol.  Well the food is really cheap, and the portions are decent for the price.   It  doesn't really seem like a cafe when you think cafe in your head.   It's more like a bar with cheap food.   But decent enough to keep me coming back.
3 We went to this place for a friend's graduation party around 11pm. I agree with the other posters that this is a very odd shaped bar! It felt very segregated and did not really allow for cross party interaction as the place is basically split into two. The karaoke was fun and the guy running it was a cool older guy. He did a couple songs too! Didn't try any of the food this time around but kind of want to go back to redeem myself from a bad karaoke attempt lol. It did take a while to get a drink. I ordered a pitcher of margaritas. There were two girls working the bar and it still took quite a while to have my order taken. I didn't want to get up in their faces so I was waiting towards the end of the bar and eventually had to have a seat it was taking so long.
1 -10 stars. They sit there and let their racist karaoke leader mock customers and get into altercations and shove women who are patrons of the bar. He has assaulted our our family by physically shoving  the hat of my brother deeper onto his head instigating a fight between a big group of people. This bar only supports their " regulars" and do not make new customers feel welcomed.
1 Worst place ever! Their nasty karaoke singer who is a regular, physically assaulted my brother-in-law and the bartenders did not care! There was no manager or owner on staff! This place is managed horribly and I do not recommend it to anyone!
1 I was at the 92nd street Cafe about 3 weeks with friends and had a nice time.  Received my bill and we split it three ways.  2 of us put it on a debit card and I charged mine.  When I received my monthly statemnt and additional $4.00 was added to my bill.  When checking with my friends the same thing had happen to one of them also.  If an employee is adding to their tip what do you think they are taking from the employer.  Not a place I would recommend, unless you plan on paying cash so they can't charge you more.
1 Sorry, can't give this place more than 1 after a bad experience. Used to be sweet dive bar, now it's just a local loadie bar. Bartenders don't care, no management, and the karaoke guy is a real piece of work. He assaulted a guy while we were there and acted like he owned the place. Way to treat customers. Never will go again. Unless I am looking for some fisticuffs, then I will go for sure!
4 Let me start off by saying that the ONLY reason we went here was to be in a dive bar that wasn't too far from home. I wanted a divey place, without the North Scottsdale douche feel.  Got here super early, like at 7:00 and left sometime after midnight.  The waitress was THE BOMB!!!  She was super on top of everything. Water never got low, drinks never got low, she was friendly without being annoying.  Couldn't have asked for better service.  Did order some appetizers, and they were all typical bar food.  Nothing really stood out as great, but when you're drinking, everything tastes pretty good.   Crowd was a mix of 20 something's to 60 something's.  On a scale from Ed Hardy to Affliction, I'd rate it in the middle as there were both!  lol  But all in all, it was a good time.  Listening to the wannabe American Idol contestants do karaoke was the highlight.  And even got the chance to see a few athletes.   All in all, I'd go back for dive bar night.  It was a nice change of pace!
1 Just terrible. The female answering the phone should be fired. Tried to place an order for pick up and she was so incredibly rude with a touch of 80's valley girl in her voice.
5 We found this place on Yelp searching for a great local breakfast joint. We wanted something different than your classic "Dennys" or extremely packed 2 hour wait breakfast spot...so this was perfect. Our server...I forget her name but she was ripped! had some great suggestions for us. I ended up getting the Raisin bread french toast (which was fantastic!) and my friends enjoyed a couple of skillets. Good food, good times! Also lots of TV's around so you can catch the game while eating which was definitely a plus for my boyfriend haha  We'll be going back for sure now that we found this spot. Thanks Yelp!
2 Overall my experience was great, but not because of the waitresses and drinks we had but because I had fun with the people I was with.  We went there on a wednesday night, so we knew it would be dead. The music was rap/hip-hop all night (not too loud though, we could here each others fine). There is about 5 TV screens surrounding the bar, all with different channels on (news, sports...). The waitress was pleasant. I had bought a yelp deal $10 for $20. The waitress first took off $10 of the bill and I had to explain to her that I had already paid $10 to yelp and she should take off $20 (like it says on the voucher). It took her a while to get it.  Like I said, of you are with good friends, just looking for a place to grab a drink, and you already in the area, then you'll be fine. After all it's the people you are with that will make your night!
1 I've lived about 2 minutes away from this place for the last 5 years and never tried it.  I found a coupon of buy one, get one free so we thought we would try it before the kids' baseball game last night.    Now I know why I never bothered.  It is a dive bar for sure and it's definitely a good place to go if you don't like the trendy places.  I would probably go back just for drinks and maybe an appetizer.  When we arrived, we were greeted by a server.  As I set my coupon on the table (not sure if he needed to see it right away), I ordered my drink and showed him the coupon.  HIs response was a smart- assed "yeah, I can see it".  Strike one.  I work in a restaurant and I will hold you to a standard.  My son ordered the kids sliders with only cheese and ketchup, the other kid ordered kids' strips, I ordered the meatloaf and my husband ordered the bolognese dish and asked for a salad.  We asked for an appetizer of wings.  There was a style of ordering them that I questioned and the server's response was another smart ass reply that they are exactly how they sound.  Okay, well every place is different and I wanted to know WTF made this place so freaking special with their stupid wings.  Strike two.  Then at this point there was a server change, the next guy was really nice.  My son's sliders came out about 15 minutes before anything else.  And they had onions on them, not how he ordered it.  Strike three.  Honestly, I should have just walked out at this point.  My husband never got his salad and the wings were okay.  I would have had better wings elsewhere.  Strike four.  We had to be at the kids' field for baseball at 6:15 and it was already 5:50 before we got anything.  My meatloaf was supposed to come with mashed potatoes and they gave me some nasty rice.  I asked for the potatoes.  He came back 10 minutes later to say they were working on the potatoes and I told him that we had to leave and I needed a box.  My husband just left with the kids.  My meatloaf was okay, it had good flavor but the consistency of dog food.  Now I wish I had a dog so I could just give the leftovers to him.    The server apologized for everything and stated that he walked in and everything was thrown on him, which I could believe because the other guy was such an ass.  When he took the value for our coupon off, they took off the cheapest meal which was my son's $6 chicken fingers!  The coupon had a value up to $8 or $10.  So why choose the cheapest one when tax added another $5 and I had a savings then of $1.  Strike 5,042.  We paid $55 for shitty food and drinks.    I also want to add that the guy who brought our food was also really nice.  So, this place gets a star for their servers, otherwise, if I could score a negative 10, I would.  I texted one of my friends right away and told her to pass on it.
1 Food is fried. Drinks are weak. It smells
5 Go here on Saturdays! The bartenders are the biz!! Highly recommended
4 I have lived in Scottsdale for a little over a year and this is my favorite bar to come to.  The mixed drinks are nice and strong and the service is always good!  I usually go on karaoke nights and its always fun! Dawniel and Sam do an amazing job! There are tons of TVs with words on them so you can move around the bar and sing.
4 Great bar with great food and staff.  They also have karaoke at 9pm until 1:30am Wednesday through Saturday.  The karaoke hosts are awesome and always fun!!!
5 Great place to relax and enjoy a great price drinks and food anytime of day. Was my first time visiting definitely will go back!!
1 First time here. The sever is extremely unprofessional and didn't greet us. We sat in the upper area and ordered 2 burgers. I had the BBQ and she had the guacamole one.  The burgers were extremely tasteless and it was over cooked. The French fries seemed to be the frozen ones that I can make at home. The server never refilled and I had to walk up to the bar to finally get one. Sadly my stomach actually hurts after eating. The 20 for 10 is nice, but they need that to even get customers I bet. I would not recommend this place at all
2 I hate this place.  The bar staff is very nice and more attentive than I would expect from a sorta busy dump/dive, but everything else here is for the birds.  The regular clientele seems seedy, with way too many people doing drugs in the bathrooms.  The food is sickening and served on dirty plates. Kinda hard to F up a burger and they do it with ease.  Just flat out the dirtiest bar and dining establishment I have ever found myself in.
4 Pretty good food. Nice local restaurant. The portions were huge and service was great.
3 I went here with my family a couple of days ago. I like the restaurant format but I don't really like the food on the menu. Our waiter was alright and I would give him a B-. The food was pretty good but not great.
5 This is a great neighborhood bar!! Sam, the incredible DJ, mixes it up and let's everyone have their 15 minutes during Karaoke. Carmit, the hot, exotic bartender, has a heavy hand when pouring drinks and the crowd is friendly. Great place!
5 Amazing bar!! The bartender, Carmit, is freaking amazing!! ..BEST bartender ever! ..karaoke is always a blast! Actually great singers and the hosts are a blast. Definitely recommend this bar to anyone and everyone !!
3 Not bad for bar food. Had the patty melt with turkey. They did a good job with it. But the one thing that was horrible was the service. We saw our waitress once maybe twice. After that, nothing.
3 We went to Karaoke on a wed.nt..Nice little place.Theres no stage,you just sing where ever...
4 Great neighborhood bar/restaurant. Good food at reasonable price.  Waiter needs some lessons on Customer Orientation. First beer was FLAT, with no offer to take back or not charge. Guinness on tap was excellent. He seemed in a hurry to finish shift or whatever.
1 Patron Beware!  Happy Hour is in the bar only.  Even though we asked the waiter about Happy Hour, he never mentioned prices were Bar Only.  $3.70 for a mini bottle of Coors! Really?  Gee, maybe that's why we showed up at 4:30pm. Same with Menu Side Choices----Salad included per the menu but extra cost upon ordering. Generous portions on the website---you're dreaming-----cole slaw side was less than a tablespoon full and 1/2 pound burger was no bigger than White Castle. Wait Staff as rude as it gets.  I'm not writing this just to be mean----this really happened and it was the worst American Food Bar Cafe I've ever experienced.  My friend/guest  with me was so shocked and couldn't believe it.  Just to confirm I ate here once before and it was so-so. Came back as it's close to my house and thought we would try happy hour and a burger. Great way to lose friends.  Many other places lower cost and much better food.  Complained to the owner and he was a bad as the wait staff.  I like what Eva M said----my friends made it good, otherwise crap.  I'll never go back even if it's free.
3 My Tuna Melt was excellent as was the accompanying coleslaw.  The New England Clam chowder left much to be desired.
1 they need to get rid of JUSTIN...just plain RUDE!!
1 NOT a favorite spot, but it's close to home. It always takes FOREVER to get a drink at the bar & their food is all nasty fried food. Nothing tasty. Wouldn't recommend this place unless you have low standards or just want a beer.
5 92nd Street Cafe truly is one of a kind, the real life version of Cheers where everyone knows your name and you're truly happy to come here.   Having moved to Scottsdale only a few months ago and discovering 92nd Street Cafe, which is truly my neighborhood bar, I felt immediately at home and relaxed. The atmosphere is comforting, the crowd is a great mix and the bartenders are completely top notch.   Come in on Wednesday or Friday for Carmit and Cameron, very awesome duo and both make amazing drinks and are always fun to talk to, they make some of the most technically correct drinks you can have, they're also great with coming up with custom drinks if you tell them what flavor profiles you like and what you're in the mood for.   Monday/Thursday/Saturday you're in luck with the phenomenal Sue, whose genuine warmth and infectious laugh makes you feel like you're visiting a lifelong friend! Every time I come on those nights it's just as much for the conversation as it is the drinks!  If you're into karaoke they have that too, Wednesday-Saturday, because of the shape of the bar, you can easily escape it if it's not your scene, as is my case.   Bottom line, there are tons of bars around, the reason I come back here isn't just because of their great prices and food, it's because they become a part of the family and you feel happy to see your friends.
3 Came here for a late lunch. I had the mushroom burger with a veggie patty substituted. It was on par with most other veggie patties at restaurants, dry with little taste. The veggies on it were really good. I can't fault 92nd for what the trend is amongst most restaurants. My friend's burger, she said, was overcooked and burned. She asked for medium well. She has a tendency to not say anything at restaurants, so if the employees are reading this, no worries. You could not have known. I might be back for the karaoke and pool table, since there was a cool vibe. I won't be back for the food. The service was great! They were attentive, sweet, and seemed to really care about how we were doing. Again, I am sure this place has a cool bar/ local hang-out feel later at night.
1 I usually do not rate places when I travel. But this place deserves a bad rating. Was in town for business.  Food- not good.  Service- eating dinner instead of serving me.  Pretty bad overall.
