1 This particular Big O, is run by a number of scammers.  I took my car to get a transmission flush done.  They left my transmission overfilled by a quart.  I had to take it back and it was still overfilled when I left.  I bought a card from a solicitor from this company which included a number of free services.  I asked the seller if I would be able to provide my own oil (syn) and filter and all they would need to do is the labor.  The seller said that would be fine.  So I bought the card and a week later I go to store to get service done.    As soon as I mentioned that I had that 'discount' card, the guy behind the counter is like "well let's go outside and take a look at the car".  We go outside and he says that one of my tires needs to be changed.  He says that he doesn't even feel safe driving it into the shop (the tire had some cracks, but the tread was perfectly fine, no balding or uneven wear.  It was fine).  So I agree and we go inside and he gives me a quote.  He tells me that they only have on tire in stock and it's $128.  It's a Dodge stratus with standard tires and stock rims.  I ask him why it's so expensive and he says that it's because the speed rating is an S and that all the tires need to keep the same speed rating.  I did not realize it at the time but I bought two other tires for the car from this same Big O and they were $87.  So I decide that I'm going to take the car somewhere else to get the tire.    I took it to discount tire and got a tire for $88. Took it back to the Big O tire to get the service I had originally taken it in for (oil change and tire balance).  The same guy tells me that it's the company's policy that they must use their own oil and filter.  So I told them that's fine and I ask them to do the tire balance.  He tells me that even though I have a card for one FREE tire balance that they are still going to charge me $3 per weight used because they need to use aluminum weights since my rims are aluminum alloy.  The rims had lead weights on them already.  I've never even heard of aluminum weights being used to balance a tire.  So I figured at that point that the person was lying to me and just wanted to take my money and probably wouldn't have even done the service anyways.    I immediately took my dodge to the Big O on Rock Springs.  Huge difference in service.  I was greeted immediately when I arrived.  I told him that I wanted to do tire balance and that I had a card for a Free Tire balance.  They took the coupon, offered a few other services which I turned down and they proceeded to do the tire balance....  FOR FREE.    I called Corporate to notify them of the disparity of the two stores.  I don't think they cared much.  They asked what I wanted them to do and all I asked for was a refund for the card I bought, to which the agreed.  Frankly I don't trust any repair shop too much, but this repair shop I believe is short changing it's customers if not steeling.  I don't blame Big O as a corporation, but this one at Centennial is one to avoid.
1 I took my truck in to get a wheel bearing replaced. The first red flag was when I overheard a conversation the store manger was having with a customer. This went on for about 5 mins which included arguing and telling the customer he was wrong.   I dropped the name of the GM who i knew here in Vegas hoping I would get taken care of. They told me that they would take $100 dollars off the quote and it would be complete by the end of the day. Surprise surprise I didn't get my truck back until 4 pm the following day. Also, surprisingly the total increased by exactly $100; the same amount I told would he taken off the bottom-line.   This review isn't a bash on Big O Tires, but an experience I had at this one store. The alignment wasn't to my satisfaction but due to this experience I'll pay money to take it somewhere else before I step foot in that store again.
1 DO NOT GO HERE!! If I can give zero stars, I would. This place has the WORST customer service in the world!! The girl at the front desk, Rachel, was very short with me when I came in, she didn't even look at me, she made me feel like I was bothering her.   I bought a tire (I'm assuming it's new, no one said anything) here after I saw my front passenger tire had to be replaced. Rachel asked which tire it was, took notes on what type of tire I needed, asked for my key, and told me it was a 30 min. to an hour wait. She didn't even look at my car/tire before she printed the paper that I needed to sign!   To top it off, my front passenger tire has been leaking for two weeks and I had to come back to have them check it out.   Crappy overall service!
5 I needed to change tires on two vehicles (8 total). I had an excellent experience. Jerry, the Manager on duty, was excellent. He matched and then beat everyone else's price (we had been getting quotes from all the local tire shops, even Costco). I would highly recommend them to anyone who needs tires. A+++
5 This specific location is trustworthy and honest!  I come here when I need air in my tires because they do it for FREE!!  The employees here are awesome with their customer service and no negative attitude.  They're very honest and doesn't make up any other problems when you just go and get an oil change.  I highly recommend THIS Big O Tires.
5 Those guys there rock good mechanics and awesome customer service the black guy in the back I don't know his name but he fixed my car right the 1st time after I went to 5 different places
1 this big o tires is very unprofesional i bought all 4 tires from big o tires 12 months later the passenger side tire started to crack  and i took it back they told me after prorate it would cost me $65.00 dollars i told them go ahead and they installed a brand new tire at the charge of $ 65.00 48 days later the driver side tire started to crack i went back to the big o tires on centennial and the manager of the store helped me and right away he told me i neede new shocks i told him the shocks were 6 months old and then he told me my car needed alignment all while we were standing in the parking lot then we went int the store and he prorated my tire and the cost he gave me was $96.00 dollars after a $15.00 credit and the cost of the tires when i frst bought the tires the cost of the tire was  only $71.00 dollars it  did not seem right i went back and forth whith this very unprofessional store manager asked him to be fair and give me a fair price he said he would not do anything for me so i decided to go get a second oppinion and i was abe to get the exact tire at matias wheels for $65.00 dollars installed and the alignment was fine beware of big o tires i believe the are out to rip off there customers at no expense
5 Everyone here amazingly awesome and helpful. Will definitely be a repeat customer and refer friends here. Thanks Cameron and Johnathon.
1 What a joke. I've had my oil changed for years at other big o locations and have always brought my own oil. Now they are making me buy it from them. Do not go here. Awful customer service.
4 Fast service and nice employees that don't really try to sell you anything compared to other shops I've been to in Vegas. Not sure what more I can say. I will likely be coming back to get simple services done here.
1 If I could,  I would leave zero stars. Went in to get new tires. They scratched all 4 of my wheels in the process. When I pointed it out, the tech admitted to it and said he would talk to the store manager about them paying to refinish my wheels and get back to me. After not hearing anything for a week,  I drove up there. The store manager had the audacity to want me to pay half the cost of getting them refinished because 1 wheel had a little road rash. If you go to the dealership with a small dent on your door and they put a bigger dent in it, are they going to want u to pay half to get it fixed? No, they would own up to their mistake. I will never waste my money at any big o again.
5 The only place we take our cars for an oil change. We have always found the mechanics to be quick, efficient and trustworthy. It's a little pricier than other places we could probably find but think the service is worth the price.
5 With the change of the personnel I am more than happy to come here. From the get go Jay was super helpful and just a delight. He even showed me what was going on with my car which no one has ever done before. I will definitely recommend this location and bring all of my card here. THANK YOU!!!!!
5 Ive been coming here for awhile. I see all the bad reviews and frankly I am amazed. Everytime I come in there professional and always reccomending quality services. The manager Cory Baxter is very helpful and friendly. They have always met there time frame. This Big O' reminds me of an old Pops Shop and thats saying something special about a corporate owned and ran service station. Thumbs up!!!
1 This place is terrible if I could give them a minus score I would do so. This is how I wasted 6 hours at this place and received terrible service. First I called the store and gave the representative the tire size I needed for my car. The rep assured me they had the tire size in stock and they could get it mounted on my car within 20 minutes of my arrival. I got to the store within a half hour and the rep informed the tire was not in stock and they would have to obtain it from another store. This should have been a real red flag that these folks were real shady. Anyhow I was told my car would be ready in two hours so I walked a crossed the street and had a leisurely lunch at Michiocan Restaurant. When I returned to the tire shop I glanced in the work bay and noticed the mechanic was installing the wrong tire on my car. I notified the rep and he checked with the mechanic and blamed the other tire shop for shipping the wrong tire. This was the second red flag warning about this place!  I was told it would be another hour to get the correct tires so I waited for them to do so. When the new tires arrived and were being installed the mechanic motioned for me to see him. The mechanic told me one of my wheels was cracked (where the weights had been attached). I told them if it was cracked they must have done it and told them to put my old tires back on the car and I got the hell out of that place as fast as I could!  The Manager Corey Becker told me he would "make it right" and offered a discount but I told him no way, Jose!
4 Even though I still have not purchased a new tire from these guys, the 2 times I have been in there they treated me like an extremely valued customer.    They've mounted & balanced some tires for me that I had purchased elsewhere (online) and they did about the best job of balancing I've ever had done in Las Vegas, and for a very reasonable price.    The only reason I knocked them down a star is because they have a fairly small selection of truck tires to pick from and don't seem to be that motivated to special order product in for you.    Based on my experience with these guys I would definitely recommend them as a place to check with if you need anything they offer.
