4 I get in these moods where I just crave certain styles of food.. lately Ive been on this Vietnamese kick that has lasted for the past 3 weeks.. I think maybe in a past life I was a beautiful Asian woman!! In any case I took my co-worker Ruben to a place I just so happened upon online.. its called Thao's Sandwichs.. we walked in and found that we were the only non Vietnamese in the place.. all eyes turned on us.. Oh hell yeah, this was a VERY GOOD SIGN!!!  This means the food is going to rock my world and my tummy!  The place.. just awesome! We both had Banh Mi as well as Pho.. piles of fresh veggies and chiles.. loads of sauces, hoisin, sriracha as well as chile paste and soy.. the Banh Mi had one of the best crusty French rolls Ive had to date (sorry Saigon Sandwich) with ample fillings and an out of this world taste. I had the Pork Roll and Ruben had the special. Special was loaded with Vietnamese style meatballs (not the chewy ones) and covered with cilantro, chiles , pickled carrot and daikon..  We moved on to Pho.. I had the everything Pho including beef brisket, tendon and tripe.. in a delicious beef soup that wasn't salty as some other places tend to focus on.. seems to be quite a bit of complexity in that there soup! Then fishing around in there found all of those wonderful rice noodles.. then started covering it in Mules Ear, chile and Thai basil.. so many complex flavors all with a harmonious balance and aroma! Ruben played it safe with just the lean tender beef Pho. He can be such a daddy's little girl when it comes to new food experiences.  The one thing I would complain about was the fact that they were out of Boba and I settled for a Leche Choobee, it tasted like soap.. I think Dove to be exact.. simply vile.. I think the Choobee was alright, I may try it again some other time but without the Lyche!
4 After Pho Loc burned down (either it did or Chen Wok next door did taking them both out), we have been looking for Ox Tail Pho nearby.  We finally asked the wife's Vietnamese pedicure tech and he said go to Sandwich!    We are glad we did, this place is just what we were looking for!  We left happy after some nice rolls and two kinds of Pho, both of which were delicious.   We were the only non Vietnamese in the place but as we've always found at Vietnamese restaurants, everyone was friendly and service was decent.  The menu is pretty extensive and there are some pictures of sandwiches on the wall, which look delicious.  I'll have to try them someday when I don't have a Pho craving.
3 It really seems like a hole in the wall.  Soap operas on the almost snowed out tv, old fan running, and there's only one person on the staff the speaks english.....AND THAT IS WHY THE FOOD IS SO GOOD!! And OMG, I love the sandwiches.  And it's soo freaking cheap.  My bf and I usually order a bowl of pho to share (the portion is huge) and two sandwiches...and our bill is about $10.  [revised review]  So I have decided to take back a star.  BF and I went there one night ready for a great bowl of pho, and then they told us that they didn't have any.  We were fine with that, we just decided to get some sandwiches, then we started seeing everyone around us with bowls of pho!  Lost my faith :(
4 So I take my daughter to get pedicure and like most nail salons, it is owned by Vietnamese immigrants. Given my love of Vietnamese cuisine, I am talking to them about various restaurants in the valley and he tells me I must try Thao's Sandwiches.  Nice menu, decent enough place, not my favorite neighborhood...all the things that I love about Vietnamese food I think.  Only really had Pho...It was delicious. Do I need to go on?  Will I be back? Absolutely - I must try their bahn mi. I must try their sour shellfish soup...so many choices, so little stomach. I must try their bun.
2 I've been on a Vietnamese sandwich (banh mi) kick for the past month or so.  My banh mi bellwether is definitely Lee's Sandwiches, but Chandler is quite the trek for me, so I've been on the lookout for good banh mi in CenPho.  I read about Thao's Sandwiches here on Yelp and thought I'd give it a shot for lunch yesterday.  By far, the best part of my Thao's experience was the price.  I ordered a grilled pork (thit nuong) banh mi, and it cost me all of $2.71.  It's hard to complain about anything if you're out less than $5.00.  The sandwich's innards were all delicious.  The vegetables were fresh and pleasing to the eye, and the grilled pork was thinly sliced, as I like it.  As far as the inside of my sandwich, I'd give it 4 stars.    But my favorite part of bahn mi is the bread, and the bread at Thaos did not meet expectation yesterday.  I want my banh mi bread crispy on the outside and soft below the crunchy crust.  The Thao bread was uniformly soft - it was like a Vietnamese torta or something.  And that made me sad.  I really wanted to look past that, but it was impossible for me.  Also, the customer service left a lot to be desired.  It seems like Vietnamese establishments sometimes get a pass on this criteria, but they shouldn't.  I ordered my sandwich, and when I told the woman at the cash register that I was planning on eating it on site, she gave an exasperated sigh, and looked across the restaurant, scanning - it was evident there were several four tops available, but it was almost lunch time, and I think she felt like I'd take up space better used by a group larger than my one-man party.  I didn't want to disappoint her, so I told her I'd take the sandwich to go, and brought it home instead.  Oh well.  So overall, I give Thao's two stars - if the bread were better, I suppose I could have given it a third. But I'll keep on my quest for the best banh mi in town, and likely not return.
4 Excellent Pho, huge portion with lots of fresh sprouts, basil cilantro, limes, scallions, and meet. I got the rare beef and meatball version. The broth was quite flavorful. I also got a chicken sandwich which I'd never gotten at a Vietnamese place before, and it was awesome! Packed with flavor and toppings, and the bread was nice and crusty/soft.   Lost a star for being pretty dirty. I didn't really want to touch anything. I would not eat there.
1 Really dissapointing. I went in for carry out (was just hoping to get a Bahn Mi sandwich). I waited almost 20 minutes and felt that the lady that took my order could have cared less that I was there - she was cold.  The sandwich was tiny (compared to other Bahn Mi I have had) and it did not taste real fresh.   On this one, I suggest you pass.
2 I always get spring rolls and for once I was a little disappointed. Selection is ok. Price was ok. I wasn't wow'ed by this place.
5 Best pho place in az.
1 This place has really bad service and the food is barely decent, I would advise not to dine here. There are much better Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix.
3 Was it me or was their buns a little dry? And I'm referring to their 'banh mi.' The expectation from every Viet shop that sells this is whether the baguette is going to be crispy, chewy and fluffy--you know, the warm out of the oven freshness!   The automatic benchmark to use when comparing little mom-n-pops to is typically Lee's Sandwich, the notorious sandwich chain known for consistent, great tasting banh mi's.  If you are Asian and never heard, you clearly have been living under a rock.    I don't usually expect the little places to produce uber awesome baguettes but it needs to satisfy a few criteria as stated in the beginning of this review.  The second factor goes to, well, the filling like the meat and vegetables.  I had ordered the usual special Asian ham and meat with the pickled veggie fixes--you know, the daikons, carrots, cilantro, and jalapeños.  Nothing too spectacular in that department.  The freshness was a little questionable, but tolerable.  The paté spread was not as tasty as one would expect.  Situated in a run down shopping plaza, the store front was sufficient and attractive enough to deceit banh mi cravers like myself. BooHoo, yes, I cried myself a river. *sarcastic*  The place itself is quite small, could hold maybe 30 patrons? Being that it was a sandwich shop, it made sense that they had a big, colorful menu with pictures of their banh mi's with numbers assigned.    As I finished ordering my egg rolls, I rolled my dices and tried their mango smoothie drink.  I pretty much played the 'giving you the benefit of the doubt' card.  Boy, talk about ordering wrong.  Being that I trust and rely solely on my taste senses, I did not detect any fresh mango of whatsoever, except sweet cream after sweet cream.  Not only that, but they topped it off with whipped cream to compound the issue.  As I sat waiting for my to-go orders, I observed that it was not just a sandwich place but also a place that serves Pho and other Viet items.  Maybe I should return to try their Pho? On second that, nah.  Based on my disappointed experience with their sandwich, I have an itchy feeling I would expect the same fate (especially asking a good friend of mine who had it once and gave the thumbs down).  The service was fine, nothing to talk about there.
4 Great food, good service, awesome value.  I had lunch there today (Tuesday September 11, 2012) and it was delicious.  I can't wait to go back.    I had a shrimp dumpling soup, Vietnamese crepe and some spring rolls.  All of it tasted good and was fresh.
5 Always a pleasure, almost always get the same roasted chicken with red rice.. They make the chili pepper sauce in house, and i always add an fried egg for good measure Sometimes we do family style and share dishes, haven't had a plate I didn't like. Ask for a side of broth if you feeling a little squirrelly
1 I ordered #23 the spicy beef soup. It was so bad I could only take 5 bites and had to stop before I puked. The meat was about 60% fat and the noodles tasted like they had been soaking in water for a week. The broth had no flavor and there was some kind of organ meat under the noodles. Go down the street to Pho Thanh.
3 I like their Vietnamese ice coffee and their ice tea is jasmin :) how ever their pho is super oily and floating w thick coats of oil on top of the soup visiblely, their shrimp wonton egg noodle is good though.  So 3 stars , service is good
