5 The previous owner of this salon was amazing, but it as recently purchased. I know all of my friends are all holding our breath to see if anything changes, but so far so good. The salon itself is beautiful, and an entire relaxing afternoon can be spent in the "lodgy" feeling of the salon (hence the name Aspen) and you will walk out rejuvenated. The stylists are all friendly, and my personal recommendation for hair is Jackie. I have never had a problem ever, and I know my hair is a problem itself. For skin treatments, Hope is the best I have ever seen. Not only at this salon, but ever. Each stylist sets their own prices, but they are pretty normal. Nothing outrageous. The salon also has a ton of product for sale as well. If you are looking for a new salon or stylist in the southeast area, I highly recommend Aspen. I have recommended people here before and I have never heard of a bad experience.
5 This is a very nice salon and I'm so glad my nail technician has moved here.  I live in Centennial Hills near Mt. Charleston.  Anyone who lives in the valley knows that it's quite a distance to Henderson.  But I enjoy my visit with Mitzi because she is the best by far.  She has such a happy, positive, bubbly attitude.  She loves to laugh and wants to see you happy.  She is very good with hands and feet.  The salon itself is relaxing and friendly.  Believe me, I would not drive this far at least once a month if I did not get great service.  We lived in Green Valley for 9 years before we moved closer to the mountain, but have most services done in Henderson.
3 Yet another tasteless owner has arrived on scene. They have put in a CHEESY VENDING MACHINE in the nice reception area. It  looks like a giant pimple on a pretty face.
5 I have been going to this salon for about 2 years now to get my hair done by Carrie. She is incredible!! She listens to exactly what you want done to your hair and does it beyond your expectations. I have never once left her chair unhappy with how my hair looks. She's taken me from dark brown to blonde and back again since I started going to her. My hair always feels healthy and looks fantstic. I have total ADD with my hair and I'm constantly changing the style. She shows me how to do it step by step and shows me other cute things to do! I will be going to Carrie for as long as she does hair. Her prices are very reasonable and the results are out of this world!!
5 I finally found my hair place in Vegas! I got my hair done Saturday morning by Paul and i absolutely LOVE it! I will definently be going there on a regular basis. I hadnt had my hair done in 2 months and after talking to him a bit about what i wanted, he hit the nail on the head. I wanted mostly blonde on top with my highlights and not one drab color and he brightened it up beautifully. I also asked him to keep as much length as possible but give me some volume with my layers and he did great! Would reccomend this place to anyone!  Also got my toes done by Kapua, she is awesome as well! Very friendly and gentle with my very ticklish feet!  Very happy over all experience with Aspen dont have one bad thing to say!  ****UPDATE**** Paul is no longer here so I don't go here anymore :(
5 I have been going to Julie for all my facials and waxing for the past 2 years.  I always leave with smooth glowing skin.   She is the best!
5 Jaymie did my hair for the groupon now, and she is one of the most beautiful people I've met inside and out...she totally did a great job on my hair and all the other staff was super friendly. Definitely going back...BTW super reasonable...
5 I was referred to Carrie by a complete stranger I spotted while dining at The Cosmopolitan. I saw a beautiful lady with FABulous hair, and immediately turned to ask, "Excuse me, Miss... who does your hair? It looks amazing!" Flattered and eager to share her stylist's info, I was relieved to have found my new go-to stylist here in Vegas.  ASPEN SALON is a full service salon/spa with young, hip professionals who know their craft! Carrie Miller is energetic, stylish, and most importantly, she will give you EXACTLY what you ask for! Don't let her youth fool you- she is a 5 yr + veteran in the biz who knows her shiz! She will immediately put you at ease, as she cuts with the ultimate confidence and precision typical to artists many years her senior.  Ask for Carrie Miller! You can thank me later :)
5 I tried this place because of a Groupon and FELL IN LOVE with Jamie Ford! Okay, I just had a baby and she made my hair look like that's all I cared about! I even went back a few weeks later to go a little more funky, and guess what? I love it even more! Jamie has got to be one of the sweetest, most creative, most caring stylist I have ever met. She even let me bring my baby along to our appt.
4 Having been fed up with mediocre hairdressers charging upwards of $150 for a simple trim and one step color, I decided to try to Aspen in hopes of finding a reasonably priced, good professional.  I went there with a Groupon offer a cut, all over color and a deep conditioning treatment. It's not a very glamorous salon. I think the lodge theme is a bit odd, but I hear they will be changing locations.  Paul was my stylist. He was friendly, casual and understood that I didn't need anything complicated.  I got a nice all over color, a trim and some side swept bangs and am satisfied with my look.  Most importantly, he and I worked out an affordable rate so I can maintain my look without breaking the bank.
4 I found a great Groupon deal for a cut & color and called to make an appointment. I had one day/time available for me in the week.. If not I would have had to wait for at least a month till I had free time. I called and PAUL answered, I told him my options and he insisted to get me in sooner than a month!   The actual location might be a little confusing, since the salon is located alongside a church area of some sort? I went at about 5 so I think the salon was the only business open, the parking lot was fairly empty. Anywho, both Paul and I were running a little late, (not his fault.. His previous client had requested extra work done) so it worked out perfectly. He got me in the chair and immediately made me feel at home, comfortable and ready to be pampered!! I had some pictures of what I wanted in terms of my cut and color, and he was able to match everything PERFECTLY!!!!!!!!!!!! My hair came out FLAWLESS and I have received so many compliments on it! I absolutely LOVE the work he did on my hair, and I can not wait to go back! I even had a question a couple of days after my appt, and he had given me his cell # and I actually text him the question and he replied with his answer :) Great service from this man, I recommend him to any girl looking for an amazing stylist!   The only reason why I didn't rate this 5 stars was because I felt like this salon was a little too laid back for my preferences. Paul was very professional, but in terms of the other stylists, I felt like some were treating their clients as their therapists. I'm sure some women love to be wrapped up in a juicy story, but I would've preferred to not have heard some crazy story about an ex-boyfriend. Aside from that, it was very well-kept, clean and had great ambiance.
1 Saw the groupon, read reviews on yelp (all good) before I purchased it. My sister was coming into town and decided to get a haircut with me. I made an appointment for both of us on a Saturday at 3:30pm. I was told two different ladies were doing our hair. Perfect!  About a week before I received a phone call asking if they could move my sisters appointment to 12:30, I informed them that they we were both getting a haircut and that her flight didn't get in until 1pm. They said that was fine and it was left as is.  I received a call day of appointment and was told that Paul was no longer with the salon. They said they will try to get someone else to do my hair, in which they called back and said someone was available to do it at 3:30.  So we go to the salon and was greeted by the receptionist. She asked who was cutting our hair and we responded with "we have no idea, it's been changed a couple of times." Then it took her about 10 mins to figure out who was cutting our hair. My sisters stylist came up to the recceptionist 3 times to ask her if my sister was her client. The stylist was almost going to leave!  My sister was then greeted by her hair dresser and was taken to the back for her shampoo and deep conditioning. I was greeted by an assistant who said she will be washing and deep conditioning my hair while my stylist finishes up someone else.  So my sister has her wash and deep conditioning rather quickly. I was in the middle of my deep condition drying (30 mins) when my sister was already done with her haircut and styled. There was Wendy's trash all over the tables in what I assume is the stylists "breakroom," that is out in the open.  So I finally sit down with the stylist, Chirin (sp? younger lady with dark hair),  and she seemed a little frazzled. Her consultation was non-existent and when I told her what I wanted, she turned it into "just a trim." Uh okay, I guess. I wanted to discuss options with her but she cut me off and assumed I just wanted a trim. The hair cut took about 7 mins total. She then said that the assistant was going to take me again, dry my hair and straighten it. Then I was going to come back to her to frame my face with my hair dry. So far it's been about 45 mins.  The assistant (who was younger and learning about cosmetology--but very helpful and nice) took a good amount of time to dry and straighten my hair. About half way through the straighten I told her she needs to move it along, as I have been at the salon for about an hour and 15 mins, and still wasn't close to being done.  In the meantime, Chirin took another customer and was doing highlights on her head. Now I am not sure if the assistant was taking her time to make more time for the Chirin or what, but I knew I wasn't going to get back to the stylist until she was done doing highlights on this person. So it would have been more time. At that point, it was pushing almost two hours and I told the assistant and stylist I had to leave, since I had out of town guests waiting for me. I left both of them a small tip (as I spent more time with the assistant than the actual stylist).  Chirin told me "sorry."  I am sitting here typing this review with a half of a haircut.   When I was getting my hair dried, I overheard that my stylist had two other people waiting for her! She had 4 people at once. Obviously, there is a booking problem with this salon. When I get a haircut, I want to relax and not feel rushed by the stylist, I did here. I didn't even get a full haircut in almost two hours!  After we left, my sister mentioned overhearing stylists talking about groupon customers and how some stylists do not want to take them because they do not get the money, but money off their booth rental from the owner. VERY inappropriate to talk about when groupon customers are sitting right there!!!  Overall, I was excited to spend time with my sister and get pampered. The only pampering I got was from the assistant. I am upset that I spent money on a groupon , received a half of a haircut, felt rushed, and it took up a lot of my time.  Guess I'll have to go back to my usual salon and get the rest of the haircut.
1 Very unprofessional! This would have been my 1st time visiting this salon, and I had an appointment at Aspen today with Chirin, and my appt was at 9:30.  I arrived at 9:25 and the receptionist stated that she had not yet arrived.  At about 9:38, I said to the receptionist "did she not know she had an appt?", and she had no idea.  She than texted and called got no answer.  Chirin called a few minutes later (around 9:50) and from what I could tell from the convo was that she was trying to pawn me off on other stylists, the receptionist informed her that the only other stylist was already with 2 clients.  After the phone call the receptionist told me approx 10-20 minutes, I sat for about 5-8 and said forget it, why in the world would I give this place any of my business.  I thanked the receptionist and left, I told her that this was very unprofessional and I do not want to do business there, and the receptionist as well as the other client in there agreed!   I don't get much free time to myself sans the kiddos, so I am so annoyed that I had to ruin my saturday by wasting my time at a place like this.
5 I have been using Groupon to try out different salons for over a year. I have had "good" experiences, but last Saturday I had a GREAT experience at Aspen Salon.. so much that I decided to Yelp about it!  I had Ashely as a stylist. She was friendly and I received a great cut & color!! She was very confident and cut over 6 inches off of my hair! I always get a bit nervous cutting a lot off of my hair and getting bangs but it was such a comfortable experience.   I will definitely go back to Ashley in the future. Looking forward to my next appointment already!   :)
1 Umm no.  Had a groupon and used it with Chirin. She was nice enough but not good job. I asked for cut and all over color ,  well my cut took about 2 min she just trimmed a bit and said I didn't need anymore and my color was incorrect. On top was one color and bottom was another. When I pointed it out she said its our lighting and that it blends and to come back if I didn't like it cuz she didn't have time to fix it even though she was working on another person while I was under the dryer. Not going back. I specifically told her I was going to a wedding so I needed it to look good. I ended up going somewhere else to fix it
5 Ti's the season to give, so I gave myself a Livingsocial deal for a $20.00 gel nail manicure.  Listen, there are several things I have a hard time with, "coupons" (groupons and livingsocial included) and spending money on myself right before the holidays. Alas the desire for sparkly nails overpowered my phobias of conserving funds and couponing this time.  Often times utilizing a groupon or livingsocial deal you end up having to wait a while for an appointment, not this time! I was able to obtain a next-day appointment.  A lunch hour later I left Aspen Salon and Day Spa with the best sparkly red nails I've ever had. (See photo for reference)  Kapua was my nail specialist and she was amazing, great energy, easy to talk to and does a beautiful job.  So if you are one to treat  yourself often or don't get around to treating yourself enough (ahem..like me), get down to visit Kapua and the other lovely ladies of Aspen Salon and Day Spa. Super friendly, tons of services to offer and a cute set up.  My sparkly red nails created a burst of temporary happiness in my world and that to me is worth the indulgence once in a while.
5 Jamie, did a great job with my hair.  I just went for the Groupon and I'm from outta town but if I lived in Vegas I'd go here on a regular basis.  Beautiful hair, THANKS!
5 I had a Living Social deal for a massage with Janina.  She was wonderful and it was easily one of my most relaxing massages ever!
4 I've recently moved to Henderson and have been looking for a salon that's close.  Having been with the same stylist for over 15 years in Texas, this is scary to find someone new.    To help narrow down salons, I bought a Groupon for a cut and highlight and chose to make my appointment with Ashely.  Wonderful choice!!!  She did an amazing job and really knows what she's doing.  Very professional and so nice too!  She really listens to what you want and because she loves her craft she wouldn't let you walk out the door until you and her were both satisfied with the finished product.  A true artist!    I would definitely recommend seeing Ashely and I've certainly found my new stylist.  Be back in a few months!
5 I love this salon! Carrie Miller is my favorite hair stylist. She is perky, fun, and full of charm. She's always ready to help transform your hair into something you've been wanting or simply keep it maintained to your liking. She's young and fresh so she's always up with the current trends. I had gotten my haircut with her last month. Took off 7 inches, got straight bangs, and highlights. Everyone loved my cut! I had several girls ask me where I had gotten my haircut and I was able to refer all of them to Carrie! You will love the service here. Even though she has a volume of clientele and works on people in between your cut, she is super fast and still gets the job well done. I wouldn't be happy going anywhere else.
4 I recently purchased a Groupon for $59 for a haircut, deep conditioning treatment and all over color. Smokin' deal!! I had never been to this salon before so I was eager to give it a try. I called and made an appointment with a lady named Brenda.  When I showed up the lobby was nice, inviting & warm and there were a good selection of smut magazines for me to peruse. I waited about 10 minutes as Brenda was finishing up with a client. Brenda was a little standoff-ish at first but once we broke the ice she was nice and friendly. We chatted about life and she did a good job coloring my hair. It was consistent, not blotchy and just what I had asked for. She wrote my name, phone number and the color she had used on a card and placed it in her file for future reference (nice touch!). She likewise did a good job on my haircut and took the time to listen to how I wanted it done.  All-in-all....good salon, friendly, clean, cozy and I will be purchasing another Groupon for my next sesh with Brenda!
1 If there is such thing as "no star" that will be how I would have rated this place. Went in for a haircut and came out with chopped. Even showed picture and all, when the stylist started cutting I knew I was in trouble. I came back after 2 days to get it fix but was told the same person who cut my hair originally would have to do it. Will not go back nor recommend this place.
4 I have been to this salon several times over a period of about 10 years. First, for hair services until my stylist left for another salon. Then for facials, until she left as well. Last year I bought a groupon for nails and a living social for a facial, both of which happened to be at Aspen.  I love Kapua. She is fun, friendly and her manicures and pedicures are the best in the city.  The polish lasts way longer than any I've had and she really puts some elbow into smoothing out rough spots.  Julie gives fabulous facials. She is easy to talk to and my skin glows for days after. She goes the extra mile with a hand parafin treatment.   I was using groupon and living social in an effort to find high quality service providers and it finally paid off.
5 Staff is super friendly.   I have been going here a little over a year to get my hair done.  I would ask for Carrie.  She is amazing and fast and also reasonably price too.
4 Cherin has been taking care of my hair for a year now it looks great she is super sweet and the staff is friendly the pricing is reasonable as well! Love it!!
5 Ashley is the best!!  She has been cutting my hair for about a year now.  About six months ago I had low-lights and hi-lights and they turned out amazing.  I had about 2 inches of gray roots and did not want an over all color.  I would recommend her highly.  After cutting my hair wet, she will also cut it dry so that it turns out perfect.
5 I got a Groupon a little over a year ago for a cut. I was very interested in trying a new place since I was looking for a new hairdresser that was unreliable and unprofessional. The salon is very clean and the staff is very friendly. A young women Chirin took care of me. Not only was she fantastic but she was very friendly, professional and knows what she is doing.  I made an appointment to come in 2 weeks for a color treatment and it was the best decision I ever made! I have been with Chirin for over a year and my hair never looked better! Chirin could of shut me down but with her expertise and wonderful personality, she gained a forever client!  I love how reliable and passionate she is! The price is just right too! I would recommend this salon and Chirin to everyone! I hope you will be as lucky as I am!   April :)))))
5 I was looking for a new salon and found this salon through Groupon. After reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. I called and made an appointment with the salon owner, Kelly and they got me right in. The salon was well kept, warm, and welcoming. Kelly was Amazing! She took the time to listen to what I wanted and then followed through with Beautiful skill! She is personable and wonderful :) This salon has earned my business and I will keep it as my home base for hair!
5 Chirin, I am glad you are staying permanently!!!  I missed you.  Today was a very stressful morning, I had everything set up just to enjoy a moment to myself. However, due to schedule conflicts my two year old came along with me. Yes,  my two year old, ya know little people cannot stay focused for more than a few minutes. Your staff was wonderful in keeping my little guy busy, entertained at times, munching on your wonderful goodies (cheez-its, muffins, and cookies)! He had a blast in that department. Despite the chaos, Chirin you made me feel comfortable and relaxed. Brenda, my son kept you busy and you kept him safe--thank you I wouldn't have felt at ease without your help...     I walked in for a color and style in mind. Unfortunately, I walked my little guy to the potty and my nail chipped. Therefore, I decided to get a manicure...   from Kapua. Again, thank you for understanding...  and being so friendly and warm with my son. Otherwise, I would have walked away.  Chirin, you are just my favorite....   and you have been since day one (over a couple of years ago).  You've always styled my hair exactly how I wanted it.  Now, that I color my hair the color is consistent through my long, very long strands.  I always walk out feeling energized and fabulous! Thank you, and to all the Ladies at Aspen Salon and Day Spa thanks for your support.
2 I saw a group on for the keratin hair treatment this week and decided to try it. When I called, I spoke with Jonathan and he told me to not purchase the groupon, but that he would honor the price. I also scheduled a massage at the same time as my appointment for my mom and he told me the masseuse would be there. When we went in, the masseuse had already left and had not been told she had an appointment. The keratin treatment process went fine, except Jonathan was pretty hard with the heat from the blow dryer on my scalp. I also got a cut, which I thought was included in the groupon combo but it ended up costing another $20. I asked him for a small trim and straight across bangs. He barely did anything with my bangs and cut off a little more than I originally wanted. Still, I left happy because my hair looked nice and healthy. After waiting two days to wash it as he told me to do, there are still curly spots in my hair even after blow drying. I don't know if he did not apply the treatment very well or if the one they use isn't very good. I don't think the actual salon is bad, it was clean and the other hairdressers seemed nice. I would not recommend using this particular hairdresser though.
5 This post is long overdue! Got my hair done by Cherin and she was great!  She squeezed me in last minute for a partial highlight and root touch up and she did an amazing job!
5 My hair was way past it's prime in needing a cut and color. I researched and found Aspen Salon and gave them a call. They fit me in at 9:30 on a Friday.   Chirin was my stylist and she is amazing. Not only did she hear what I wanted but she listened.  She did a great job on my cut and color. And she was personable and fun to talk to. I made an appointment with her for my daughter next week.   Chirin is wonderful. The place is beautiful and clean. And they make you feel like their best client. I've finally found a good salon. I can't think of anything that would dock any stars from my experience.
5 I found this place via Groupon, and made my appointment with Jonathan to color, cut and a deep conditioning mask on my hair, all I can say is my hair feels better than it has in years, and I love the color that Jonathan put on my hair.  His work is wonderful, and I would recommend him for any of your needs.  I will be making an appt with him in the future.  Thanks Jonathan!!
4 Purchased a groupon for a cut, deep conditioning treatment, wash and style.  Brenda took great care of me, really listened to how I normally style and prefer my hair, and delivered!  She understood that I was growing out my hair and didn't over-cut it just because she could.  She took her time with me and we chatted comfortably.  She didn't try to push products or tools on me, but did offer some honest suggestions about what I might like to try (a wet brush that really worked well with de-tangling my just-washed super-fine hair; and I will be purchasing that from Sally's as she suggested)!  The Salon itself is super-cute and is inviting and intimate.  The employees seem to get along well with each other and appear happy to work there.  The facility is kept clean and offers interesting retail items.  I was looking for a new stylist, and am happy with the service Brenda provided; I'll definitely consider returning to her the next time I need a hair service!  The Salon absolutely met my expectations, but didn't exceed them (the only reason I didn't rate them with five stars).
5 I just moved to  Henderson NV and am getting married next week, so it was really important for me to find someone who could bring life back again to my drab hair - it was dry, my roots were showing, and I had tons of split ends.   Boy am I glad I found Aspen Salon! Jan (Wood) did an AMAZING job on my hair - she knew exactly what base color and highlights would go with my skin, she was super fast and efficient with the whole process (she has 40 years experience so she def knows what she's doing!), she listened to what I wanted hair-wise but gave the right amount of expert advice. She was extremely organized and neat with everything which shows just how professional she is. Plus I seriously love all the products that she used on me too - all high-end, awesome-smelling stuff. All in all, she really just took care of me the whole time and made me look beautiful, and gabbed with me like we were long-time friends :)  Check out Groupon for Aspen's awesome deals. Though I can totally say that the experience, service and hair treatment I got was totally worth the original price.  Thanks so much for beautifying me for my big day, Jan! Be blessed all the time!
5 I love this place! Chirin is AMAZING with my hair! I used to have such a hard time with other salons and stylists getting the hair color I wanted. Now that I've started going to Chirin, I have the exact color I've been looking for! She is a sweetheart and is great at what she does! I would highly recommend her to anyone. Book with her if you want gorgeous hair! :)
5 I go to Aspen salon to get my hair   and my daughters hair done by Chirin. She is an amazing stylist! Whoever wrote that review Uhm uhm Nicole she's lying. Seriously... My girls have African American hair very dry and unmanageable. When Chirin does their hair it lasts for months. Silky smooth and so soft!! She knows exactly what to recommend and how to get it DONE!  The problem is people don't know what they want  and then they blame it on the stylist ...or They want everything for free !
5 Chirin and Carrie are amazing!  They always seem to fit me into their schedule (I always book at the last minute)!  They are quick, efficient and affordable!  I am addicted to the extensions and they always do a great job with my highlights!!  Thank you ladies!
1 What a terrible experience i had at this place. Purchased a groupon and made my appointment, i was scheduled with Jan. Showed up to my appt and when Jan came out she just said " hi im Jan" so i get up and say " hi nice to meet you" as im greeting her she starts to walk away and it gave me a bad feeling right away but figured i was there i would give her a chance.  Sat down and showed her a pic if what i wamted and she started yo say i would have to pay extra so i wanted her to explain why and how much. I guess that offended her she was very rude and started to tell me that she was not going to do the color i wanted so i just asked her to clarify the additional charges and she walked away and brought me a price list.  I once again asked her to tell me what my price would be since I had already purchased the Groupon.  Then she started to get loud with me telling me what the different services are, so at that point i was done i got up and walked out to the front, the receptionist asked what was wrong. I explained and told her i understand there may be additional fees but what them explained without the attitude.  She told me they jad no other appointments so i decided to contact groupon and they gave me groupon bucks back only :/. Don't waste your money or time with this place.
5 This spot is a hidden  gem!   I originally found out about it via Groupon, and had purchased it for my mom as a gift.   She has long and curly hair and when  I scheduled an appointment they had set us up with Johnathan.   I was weary at first: curly hair is hard to manage and as sexist as it may sound,  I was concerned knowing it was a guy who'd be working on my mother's hair.   I got to say,  I couldn't be more wrong.   Johnathan was AMAZING.   He did a blowout and flat iron, in addition to cutting her hair and washing it prior.   He was friendly, knowledgeable, and never rushed the appointment.  My mother was ecstatic and needless to say, we've found someone we can keep coming back to.   I'll be coming back to have my hair done!
1 First of all I came here because of Groupon, wanted some partial highlights which is listed for 59 on groupon. As soon as i get there im greeted by the "stylist" Johnathon. Anyways right when he starts he tells me during the process " we will charge more since you are asking for more" which i wasn't especially since i did talk to the receptionist about what i wanted and she did too say it was 59$. Anyways we get started and i notice he starts putting bleach on my hair just smacking it on random places. Oh and of course doesn't mention hes putting Volume 40 IN MY HAIR usually professionals discuss the whole process to the customer. I would KNOW SINCE I WORK FOR SPA/SALON BELLAGIO 5 diamond hotel and service. So for the bleach to settle it took about a total of 30-40 minutes. Walking back to the chair he starts to blow-dry and style, of course the "highlights balayage" were barely noticeable. So i put it to his attention which he just gives me the " its just because your hair is wet excuse". So when it is all dried he then tries to show me his work.. it was shit nothing but blotches and straight edges. ALL which I SAID FROM THE BEGINNING I wanted to avoid.  Don't waste your time here, the staff is really all joke. A stylist was wearing nothing but a bra and a shirt completely see through what kind of class is this. This place gives that area a horrible look.
