3 Restaurants that have "pizza" and "bistro" together in the name make me wonder about the level of ego floating around...  ....but I thought I'd try it since I really like the original Red Devil in Phoenix.  What disappointed me immediately is that while it's a modern and hip looking little - okay, it's a bistro, I get it - you don't enjoy the place immediately.  As you enter the doors, you run right into a wall...of cash registers.   So unless you study the menu online and figure out what you want BEFORE you go in, you feel like you're holding up the line.  I can feel those feet tapping and loud sighs behind me as I type.  I feel pressured into ordering the first thing my eye sets on.  Quick eenie meenie miney moe?  The seat nazis have a little fit if you ask to sit and look at the menu.  What a concept, looking over the menu in comfort?  Wow.  Of course I did it anyway.  Shame on me.  The food is generally good, I tried a little of the pizza.  Thin crust was appropriately crunchy, toppings piping hot.  Not overly oily.  Basic, good pizza.  But nothing that ran in my mind as 'the best' or 'interesting twist'.  I had the meatball sub.  Big juicy light meatballs, a good tangy sauce stuffed in a nice rustic crusty bread that you know is fresh.  HUGE.  I could only eat half.  Prices run on average $8-$10.  Drinks are separate.  The servers are nice and quick to take plates off the table.  I guess you only get the mean factor when it comes to the ordering part of the restaurant.  There's a bar area with big screens but I can't imagine too many people sitting there watching a game, it's a little smallish.  I wouldn't mind going again if I'm in the area and feel like pizza, but it's not a place that I'll have daydreams about and cravings for.
3 I originally tried this place when visiting Pinetop. We were very pleased with the food and service and I was happy to find out they have them here as well.  I went here on Sunday evening with the family around 5:30. I was put off first by the fact that you have to order right away at a register , as mentioned in the previous post. The other location had waiter service, and this was what I was hoping for. You also have to refill your own drinks. The concept just does not match the theme and decor of the restaurant, this was a big disappointment. We had to go over the menu off to the side, and then I became more upset to see that they do not offer the sliced meatballs as a topping, which is why I came. Oh well...we already here.  We ordered the cheesy garlic bread ($4) 2 medium pizzas, one with pepperoni and grilled chicken, and the other with pepperoni and italian sausage, and 3 drinks. The bill came to a little over $36...not too bad.   The cheesy bread they have here is good...however this time it was served too soft. They did not leave it in the oven long enough and it was like melted cheese sitting on a cold baguette. The pizza was yummy and we all enjoyed it and actually had a little left over.  I really preferred the other location and was not happy with the way this one is set up. I will not go out of my way to come here...but would return if I was in the area.
4 My father was raised on Red Devil on McDowell, so I have been eating the pizza forever, so I was really please I got one in the area I live.  I love thin crust pizza and Red Devil is one of the best.  The wings are OK, but I definitely go there for the pizza.  I agree with the other reviews that the order and pay in the front is awkward, but you can always sit and order at the bar.  I get take out a lot, and it is always ready when they say and I hear that they have delivery!
4 My wife and I where near Arrowhead Mall on a day of shopping.  We wanted something different for lunch and stopped into Red Devil.  The food was excellent and it was not crowded.  Understand going in that this is not a sit down and order place.  Like Pei Wei and many other chains in the valley, you place your order in advance and then find a seat.  The food was delivered quickly and as ordered.    We will make a return visit next time we are near the mall.
3 Crust is the best feature of their pizza, and the atmosphere isn't bad either.  Pizza can take a little long at times and the seating is somewhat limited during busy hours.  Prices are a little higher than I expected for a pizza place in the West Valley, and there's one frustrating aspect of this place - you go in, place your order, then sit down.  So, do you tip or not?  I had to get my own drink, napkins, etc. but then there's an employee that roams.   I wish places would either be sit down with servers, or straight up fast food with no ambiguity about tipping.  If I sit at the bar do I tip?
5 My favorite pizza place. Close to NYC type pizza. I enjoy the thin crust with extra garlic and a few other toppings. Nothing fancy inside. Order at front and they bring it to your table. They also do a home delivery.
5 I have been coming here once a week for a late lunch since I haved moved to the area.  I'm a guy and I need pizza, this place does not disappoint when helping my manly hunger needs.  The decor looks cool and not too suburban like.  Service is not to shabby and has taken care of me each and every time I have dined here.  But the real reason to come here is for the pizza....oh yeah!  If you're in the area I'd recommend checking this place out.
5 Hello, my name is Jeremy and I'm an addict.... I am NEVER going to quit! My stomach is blind and loves all foods. Today we are talking RED DEVIL! Nuff said. A valley institution. I recently found out that this FAMILY OWNED restaurant has been in AZ for 50 years. Are you kidding?! That is incredible for a restaurant; + it is not a chain. I really am not so shocked though. This place is so consistent. Enough talk about how one pizza place taste like New York. Really, stop it! I am from Brooklyn, NY and there is NO pizza in Arizona that comes close to tasting like New York pizza does. That is not a bad thing either. I'll tell you why. There is not a pizza joint in New York that tastes anything like a Red Devil Pizza. We truly are blessed to have pizza this good and unique in Arizona. Now, it has taken 50 years to open only 5 stores. I think the Bistro is the newest location. Whatever they want to call it is fine, it is still a Red Devil. An Arizona original! I wish they would sell pizza by the slice.
1 The pizza reminds me of a cheap peter piper pizza which is bland. Didnt like the way you have to order feels like a fast food place. Plus dont make the mistake of sitting at the high top tables after ordering at the front you will be relocated immediately.
5 I love their pizza!  Chewy crust, delicious sauce, bubbling cheese, it's probably my new favorite pizza place in the valley.  I've never tried anything else but the sandwiches and huge salads look tasty.  The atmosphere is cool and laid back too.
5 Love this place for pizza & the best Chicken Marsala ever. I love the sweet flavor of the sauce here so much I have to stop in myself since we don't come here often enough. This location is right in front of Sam's Club on 83ave & Union. The atmosphere is awesome, it's very clean, casual, with a small bar area & about 20+ tables. The service is always the best here as well. I truly value this location & I found out today they have lunch specials so I will be back again soon!
4 There's something about the taste of this pizza that reminds me of the mom and pop pizzarias in New York. I think its the sauce. But its the best NY style pie I've had in Phoenix. Awesome wings too.  Tasteful decor but a bit brassy and noisy when crowded.  Order and pay first and get your own soda was weird.
4 Let me first say that I am a pizza snob.  I am originally from NY state and I have had some of the most amazing pizza in Syracuse, Boston and other NE establishments.  I like my pizza crust slightly crunchy and slightly burnt on the bottom and bubbles in the dough on top with the tops of the bubbles slightly burnt.  Highly flavorful, not sweet, sauce and real melted cheese that burns the roof of your mouth if you're not careful.    Red Devil is the only pizza in Arizona that I have found that even comes close to NY style pizza.  I love their pizza!  We have had their wings too, but I won't order them again because one of mine wasn't cooked all the way through, and there is nothing more gross that biting into slightly raw chicken.  Eeeew!  When I notified the roving server of same his response was, "Oh" and he walked away.  If it wasn't for that I would probably give this establishment 5-stars.  I should try some of their other menu items,  but the pizza is just too good to pass up.
4 Fantastic pizza! The Red Devil White pizza is deliciously garlicky! It had a thin and soft and crispy crust.  The olive oil they use on this pizza must be of good quality.  They did not over do it on the cheese...it was perfectly cheesy.  We ordered the large greek salad and shared it.  The small would have been fine but we wanted to take home some leftovers for the family.  We used a gift card we won at a raffle from the Our Lady of Guadalupe Monastery (located nearby) church raffle.
3 We love pizza so we thought we would check Red Devil out after catching a movie the other night.  We had eaten at a Red Devil up in the Lakeside/Pinetop area before and liked it so we gave this one a shot.  First, you have to order at the counter, including drinks and pay up front.  That's all fine but what if we wanted another beer?  Are we going to keep running our debit card every time we want a beer?  We didn't order sodas but I noticed that if you did, you fill your own.  So, no waiter/ waitress is coming to the table to take our order, refill beer, refill sodas etc but yet we are still expected to tip?  Exactly what are we tipping for?  I'm not tipping 20% for one person to bring our pizza to our table and nothing else.  Sorry.....  But, the pizza was delicious.  We ordered the Red Devil combo which was pepperoni, sausage, mushroom, green pepper and onion.  I love the way the veg was cut.  It's not all diced like in some places and you could tell the ingredients were fresh.    We normally get chicken wings with our pizza but thanks to a Foursquare tip, we did not.  Apparently there have been some cases of undercooked wings.  No thanks!    Bottom line is pizza is very, very good.  Service and layout is just ok.
3 I was told to come here for good pizza (NY Style Pizza). I am a Jersey girl and ADORE pizza but find it hard to find anything that comes close to NY/NJ Pizza or even take out in general. *Still looking for a good Chinese restaurant.  Anyway some people I encountered said this was THE place for great pizza and it took me a few months but I finally went. I think it was just okay as with the wings; I would go again over a Chain like Domino's or something like that but I would like to think my pizza taste is pretty sophisticated. The slices are cut really slim, which I don't like, the cheese and sauce were also just okay. I honestly prefer NYPD or even the Streets of NY.
1 I love their pizza, but I tried to call to pick up a pizza tonight and was put on hold.  For 5 minutes!  I thought they forgot about me, so I called back and was asked to hold again.  I told them I wanted to order a pizza and was already on hold for 5 minutes.  I was told, "well, could you just hold for a couple of minutes longer?" and was promptly put on hold again.  I gave up.  They got issues . . .
4 This is the better Red Devil that Ive been to.  Love the bistro type set up, it lends a more casual atmosphere than other Red Devils.  And of course the food was fabulous.
3 Pizza alone. Good! The pizza is thinner but not too thin, and it was tasty!  The sampler which had mozzarella sticks, wings, fried mushrooms and zucchini. Also good (Expect that really deep fried stuff when you order this!). There is a lively, loud, and upbeat atmosphere when you walk in. However, I feel like they need more space, because you feel claustrophobic when you walk in. You give the host a minute to figure out where you sit, then you can order at the counter. I understand that this makes the atmosphere more casual and that's fine. I just kind of found it awkward that you still have to wait to be seated and then order food. I feel like it should just be like Sauce or even Pei Wei where you order at the counter and sit yourself, "first come-first serve" type set up. It's literally 4-5 steps into the place before you hit the counter with cash registers, as another reviewer had said. I'm thinking that if my husband and I had come at a different time (Not at 5-6 on a Friday night), it wouldn't have been as crowded and claustrophobic. Set-up aside, the staff was really nice and the food was good. It's worth trying at least once, and I definitely wouldn't hesitate to get take out either!
5 I love Red Devil! It's casual with great food and amazing service. Try more than their pizza... The wings, fried zucchini, and pasta is all good. Can't find anything I dislike about this place!
4 One of my favorite locations. Trendy location and ambiance. The staff are always friendly and customer oriented. The pizza is always fresh and tasty. Only thing I would suggest is refinishing the tops of the tables that are beginning to show wear.
5 Excellent food, great location, will come back.
5 Loved it!! Thai chicken pizza was Amazing! Good service, Great food!
1 Pizza has gone downhill, they herd you thru like cattle then rush you to get you out. The bartender never once thru the tab down for any other customer setting at the bar, and they was there when we arrived and still setting there when we left. We was trying to enjoy ourselves eating, drinking and watching the game. But was rushed by putting our tab on the table twice when we was still ordering drinks. I informed her that when we are done I'll let her know, the bartender did not like that. Not even once did she ask if there was anything else we would like, just slapping the tab on the bar. I've been going to Red Devil since it opened in the 60's, but this Red Devil Bistro is slowly falling off our favorite list. There is to many restaurants around that want steady business and don't act like they do at Red Devil Bistro.
3 Really delicious but the service is hit or miss! Happy hour specials not bad.
5 My husband and I always go there for white pizza with Canadian bacon,it is always delicious. Mandy is always so welcoming to us and all the guests there.we love this place
2 Not the best but decent for a quick bit. Little pricey for the quality.
2 The first time we ate at Red Devil, it was good.  Not fabulous, but solidly good.  Since then, the pizza seems to be greasier each time we visit.  My husband will tell you it is delicious and couldn't be better.  My husband also has very wonderful things to say about the bar there.  As the designated driver, I can tell you that the food has gone down in palatability.
4 I've tried Red Devil twice and have really enjoyed it. Their pizza is a bit different than what you would find at the average Arizona pizza place. I was very pleased with their pepperoni and tried some of their sausage pizza too. The prices are a little high, but I am still looking forward to my next visit.
5 First time I've tried red devil and it was delicious!! Antipasta salad amazing and flavorful, wings were crispy and best I've had in a long time and the pizza was perfect!! Nice clean environment and super friendly staff!! We will definitely be back!!
5 We love this place. The staff is always friendly with great food and the best atmosphere.
5 Red Devil has some of the best pizza in town. The crust is deliciously salty and the sauce has plenty of flavor. Wings aren't half bad either
