3 Keep in mind it is the first day open....  1.  Lots of employees standing around chatting, "when do we take our breaks?" 2.  It took me 32 minutes to get through the line and there were only two people in front of me.  I would have thought they would have done more training, or brought in some cashiers from other stores to help them through the first day.  The cashier was very friendly, but just didn't know how to do things...like ring up veggies or deal with a credit card whose magnetic stripe wasn't working. 3.  The store was well organized, well laid out, clean, etc. 4.  I'm curious about customers though....what possesses people to take everyone in thier family and spread across the aisle so no one else can get by.  Literally, 14 times in 40 minutes in the store I had to ask people to let me through because they were oblivious that there were other people that might have some place to move on to.....
4 One of the cleaner & more spacious Wal-Mart locations in the valley.  Wide isles and plenty of walking room make it more pleasant to deal with some of the typical customer base, and this seems like a very welcome location in this.... uh.... area.  Friendly service and ample checkout lanes on my weekday visit.  I like that they handout sterilization wipes to all customers upon entering.
1 So I go shopping one day at my local walmart in el mirage, do all my shopping with my kiddos and come outside, I get to my suv and realize that there is a HUGE dent in the back and I mean HUGE! so I was like what the F man and run back inside to tell them,waiting,waiting,waiting, finally I get to talk to someone and they tell me there is nothing the store can do so he says go talk to the security officer that drives around the parking lot so I do that meanwhile im still running around with my kids and a cart full of groceries,so i find this guy and he pretty much looks at my car and said there is nothing we can do about this......really dude? you cant call the cops?,you cant look at the video to see if you can Id the car that hit mine? you cant do anything? what are the cameras for? just in case someone hits something of yours? who gives a poo about the customers! I will never go back here again.
2 Although the store was undergoing a lot of construction, in general it was fine for a Wal-Mart...  However, I have NEVER been to a Wal-Mart, Target or any similar store that had this many shopping carts spread randomly throughout the parking lot!  Seriously, it was hard to find a parking spot that was not already "taken" by someone's used shopping cart.  Ridiculous!
2 Well, it is a Wal-Mart so it is not like you really need a review.  But here are a few points to consider.   The tax on items here is substantially higher than in Surprise.  Thus, when we go shopping, we make the drive to the Surprise Wal-Mart.  We would love to "support" our own city, but when the city is taxing higher, that is not going to happen.    Also, this store is smaller and has less of a selection than the Wal-Mart in Surprise.  No auto-department either.
2 Always a line at check out a mile ling no matter when you go.  Simply it's a walmart.
3 I usually go here instead of the Surprise Walmart because it seems less crowded and is closer to me. I don't like that they don't have self-checkouts here though. Sometimes I've had to wait in line for awhile when I only had a few items.
1 When they built this Walmart, they put in the El Mirage mailout it was the biggest Walmart in the State of Arizona! I don't see it.  Whenever I shop here, regardless of the time of day or night, the wait time in the checkout lines is ridiculous! I see it as a problem when I spend more time standing in line than I do shopping. The tax in El Mirage is ridiculous. Your better off going to the Surprise Walmart to make big purchases. The one good thing I can say about this Walmart is the greeters are all very friendly.
2 This store is always busy and full of a lot of rude people. I am so glad that they are buliding a wal.mart closer to home.
1 This is the worst walmart out of the bunch! and that's saying alot. It took me 35 minutes to get assistance trying to print out some photos! The first employee I asked for assistance told me he's off in 4 minutes and he still needed to count his drawer so he couldn't help me...Really! I wanted to scream. I finally got some assistance when I picked up the paging phone and across the intercome told the store I was a customer in photo that needs help. I have been in this store on several occasions and I am always disappointed with the lack of customer service and the overall "get it yourself, I am too busy to help" attitudes of the employees. I tell anyone I care about to stay away from this location!
2 The pharmacy sucks. !!!!
2 It's a Walmart.  It's a moderate location, not a high-end location but it's generally neat and organized.  The evenings/nights tend to show lots of carts in the parking lot so be careful when parking your car.  My biggest complaint is that the registers on the general merchandise side of the store are NEVER open which forces everyone to a few registers on the grocery side of the store.  The problem with this is always a long wait time.  Grocery carts are generally full of many items that take longer to ring (especially if the customer is ad-matching), whereas general merchandise carts have fewer items that can be rung faster.  This is the only Walmart I've shopped that doesn't have registers open on both sides of the store to help separate the type of carts/customers.  I need to give credit to the store manager.  Several months ago, I sent an email to her regarding my experience with a group asking for money at the doors.  This was a community group that likely had approval to be there but this one in particular had many people crowding the entry way and actively blocked my way twice while I had my son on one arm, bags on the other, and my daughter by my side.  I've not seen groups blocking the entry ways again after that.
2 As others have said, "It's a Walmart." However, I can't say that anyone has really "begged for change" like r.r. posted (and I've lived in the neighborhood for a few years and come here on a regular basis). Additionally, Christopher F. is right on the money in saying that the parking lot is usually full of carts during the evening/nights. Lastly, do not come here at night! I've made the mistake of coming for an energy drink around midnight only to find lines and lines of people with only two registers going. This has happened a few times before I realized that it was an everyday occurrence (especially on the weekends).   All-in-all: This is a Walmart. The staff are in no hurry nor do they care about your needs. Additionally, if you ever buy something online, God have mercy on you while you wait for someone to help you. We went through this twice before we stopped having anything shipped to the store for pick-up. Lastly, the clerks smoke outside near the cart area. The smell is atrocious and hearing the employees complain about their jobs and the management is inappropriate. If I can, I head to the Fry's down the road to shop.
1 We travel a lot and are wintering here for several months . This is the worst wal mart we have been in from carts all over the parking lot.shelves needing stocking and loooong lines at cashier stand. Wal mart is known for it low pay and you can see it here with the attitude of the help. This joint is only a mile away but we will not be shopping here in the future,,,,,
2 This store is less than 5 years old and looks like it's over 20. Run down and in complete disarray with staff who are seriously unhappy being here makes this store even worse. Our visit today found the store in such disarray that I thought a small tornado had run through it.  Even my 2 year old said Mommy this store is a mess!  For a 2 year old to notice is saying a lot.   I try to shop local because our city could use the sales tax but from now on,  I'll drive over to Surprise. This store is....well...a dump. And that's the nicest word I can find for it.
1 I visited the Walmart on Thunderbird in El Mirage after 10 pm I picked out the items that I wanted to purchase and then went to the front and began to get in line when I realize there were  about 70 people standing in line and only one checkstand open I glanced around and saw three or four what looked to be supervisor standing around having a great conversation but none of them are willing to jump in an open another line up so I chose to abandon my cart and go to another store I won't be visiting this Walmart again
4 I can't say I've had any bad experiences with this store. I live right down the street from it and visit it often. Every return I've ever made was done hassle free, the store is always well lighted, and (for a department store) relatively clean. Some of the cashiers are faster than others and I've learned who they are, so lane selection has a lot to do with getting checked out quick. I like this store better when compared to the nearby Surprise Walmart at Bell & Grand. There's far less traffic because this is a stand alone store that isn't adjacent to any plazas like the Bell road store is.
