2 This Avis location is a pain.  My wife rented a car, and the person working at the Avis desk in the lobby wouldn't release the car to me, so I had to drag her down to get the key from the desk agent and then hand it to me.  The desk agent also didn't seem very excited about moving the line of customers along quickly, so we waited a very long time for service.  Finally, there is not a great return system here either.  You have to bring it to the valet to turn it in.  Well that's fine, except when there is a big sign out front that says Valet Full, and there are no valets around to help you out.  I had to sit in the car for a while until somebody moved the sign for me so I could go up and drop my car off at the full valet lot.
1 tried to call, but they don't pick up the phone. Tried to call the 1-800 # and they kept trying to enroll me in some "plan" that I would  have to cancel in a couple months. WHY? I just wanted to rent a car! We finally went to the Venetian and had their concierge make the reservation. The  girl at the desk was helpful, but they have long lines and one person working. I will never rent from them again.
1 One of the worst experiences I have ever had with a company.  We arrived at the agency at the Venetian  in Las Vegas. Our first complaint was that there was absolutely no one at the counter along with no sign posted when they would be back. So after 30 aggravating minutes, the representative decided to do her job and return to work. She was not very friendly and was very short with us. She did not explain many options that we could add on for the car. After all this, she informed us "we were receiving a free upgrade". When we walked to our car, we walked to a Nissan Versa. This was no upgrade. On top of the lies we were told, the car was not filled with gas. We took the car anyway and headed to San Diego. We woke up the next morning (New Years Day) and had planned to see a few sights before the car needed to be returned at our hotel in La Jolla. We went to the counter to confirm our time of return (which is suppose to be 30 minutes after the rental began in the first place). Well, the rep here tells us she is only open until noon and the car must be back by this time. There was absolutely NO notice of this at all and we were NEVER informed that Avis would be closing early. The rep was pretty rude and definitely showed she did not care much about our situation. After this, she went out to check the car. When she came back, she tried to charge our rental with gas money because the tank was 3/4 full (which was more full than the 1/2 tank we got when we picked up the car). She argued with me for about five minutes and I refused to pay any extra money, especially because we were returning at 9 am instead of the 4 pm we were expecting. Any way, we ended up taking a cab to what we had planned which was $100 total. I called Avis' costumer service number and they showed absolutely no interest in my complaint. I have rented from Hertz before and I know this would NEVER happen. Avoid Avis at all costs. They don't try harder.
4 Showed up at the desk without a reservation at 8:10. Was second in line. By 8:40 I was sitting in the car. Only one attendant available.   Happy with the experience.
3 It was fine and very convenient. I should have booked online and could have gotten a better rate.
3 Booked our rental online so that part was easy. Day of we got to the desk right at 8:15am and waited in line for like 10 minutes. Kind of a pain. Picking up our car took 2 seconds though - they basically just handed over the keys and set us on our way. The car itself was gorgeous (new Cadillac) and the pickup location in The Venetian garage was very convenient for pick up and drop off (since we were staying at The Venetian). The hours are weird (8am-4pm) so if you need Avis after 4pm, you're pretty screwed. The service was hit or miss
