3 Teacher Appreciation day?  Is THAT how they appreciate teachers?  Free gifts, food, and savings if you come.  Free gifts = cheap office max tote bag (c'mon, I'm a teacher, I have millions of those!) and expo marker (like one's going to make a difference)  Food = one lame gross cookie and thimble of punch  Savings = coupon for $15 if you spend $100...yeah, that's going to help for all the money teachers spend.  I know, I know...don't look a gift horse in the mouth.  But Come On here, at least offer us some good cookies and coffee.  Teachers like coffee.  And don't you think a big store like that could afford giving teachers some nice pens or something worth driving down there for?  What makes me want to come to one again?  Silly people.  At least shopping there normally is pleasant.  Just don't use their printer ink refill system.  You don't save much money and last time I did it, it didn't even print correctly.
5 This Office Max is amazing! Great customer service, and awesome support of their community. They have given the Si Se Puede! Learning Center, a nonprofit after-school program in El Mirage, AZ, multiple donations to support our events, and most recently, to help us start a recycling program at our apartment complex! We couldn't have done it without them!
4 Very helpful when seeking info on the proper ink for my old printer thank you again
4 Staff here are ALWAYS helpful.  I have been coming here for about 5 years now.  Staff has basically been the same and always someone who is actually willing to help you and answer questions.... no matter what.  You are important to them - at least that is the feel I get.  But, they do know me as I shop there a lot.  Nice office max though.
5 Stopped by on a Saturday to grab a bunch of storage boxes for the office year end... they had 2 10 packs left.... after asking if they happen to offer a rain check on the great sale price, I was quickly offered a substitute, better brand at the same cost! Kudos! I got what I needed with NO trip back! :o)
