3 For some reason, I have a hard time writing a review of the Brink Lounge.  I've been to the Brink Lounge several times now...and each time, the place has been nice enough--new, well-designed space, attractive decor, lots of couches and nooks for intimate conversations, a performance room...check out their website to get the idea.  However, I can't help but come away feeling like something was amiss after each visit, like I had some greater expectation that wasn't quite fulfilled.  Was the feel too "corporate," the entertainment too "safe," or was I just being overly fussy?  I *should* be more excited over this place...why aren't I?
3 This place is huge. It is in a basement of a building under High Noon and Brass Ring. The decoration and the spacing of furniture reminded me of a hotel lobby ... a 3 stars hotel lobby.   My friend and I sat down at the bar, and it took a while for one of two bartenders to serve us on the totally empty Wednesday night. Well, they were very nice, but lacking in attentiveness. The wine list deserves commendable praise, but their Mint Julep missed the mark with a wide margin.  Like Oski t says, it's a nice place, I can't really rave about it. Maybe the place is uncharacteristically large for a Madison bar, and too clean.
2 I flip-flopped a little over whether to give the Brink one or two stars.  Ultimately, though, it's not The Pub (the standard for 'worst bar' to which all other bad bars are judged), so it gets two stars.  I've been here many times to hear my friend's band play (for free) on Tuesday nights, so I feel like I can fairly judge this place.  Funny story: On one such free music night, I opened a tab at the bar and put all of the drinks my boyfriend and I ordered on it.  At one point, I ordered a Jameson.  "On the rocks?" the waiter asked.  "Sure," I said.  Why not?  He gave me the drink, it was tasty, I was happy.  I had a rough guesstimate of what the tab would total, and when I went to close it out, I was about right.  So, I didn't check over the charges and just signed the receipt.  The next day, by random happenstance, I glanced at the receipt.  It had two different breakdowns of the drinks, which I thought was weird.  So I read more closely.  The first breakdown said, "Jameson $5.00, --Liquor Modifier $1.50."  "What the $@*& is a liquor modifier?!" I thought.  The next portion of the receipt read, "Jameson $5.00, --Rocks $1.50."    They charged me for ice.  ICE!!  And they didn't tell me it would cost extra!    What a bunch of lame bastards!  I never did get around to complaining, but this might actually be more effective than complaining to management.  ;)    Anyway, I think that it's the particular bartender who's usually working on Tuesday evenings.  Another anecdote with him: My friend ordered that night's drink special, a Bacardi mojito for $4.  She saw him reach for the rail rum.  She said, "Excuse me, isn't it a Bacardi mojito?"  He rolled his eyes and got the Bacardi instead.  Thanks, you shifty, grumpy ass.   That aside, the Brink looks like a hotel lobby.  It's nice to be able to sit on couches, I suppose.  If you don't get the jerky bartender, the service can be alright, and the drinks are good enough.  I just....can't abide much more of this place, given my various experiences.  One good thing: Their Wisconsin cheese & meat plate.  Good lord!  Cheap and delicious!
3 I agree that Aaron Williams and the Hoodoo is my only reason for going here more than once.  It TOTALLY has that "hotel lobby" vibe. The bartenders are inattentive, and not overly friendly. It could be a nice place if the service and drinks were kicked up a notch. I've had a mojito there that was iffy(but I'm a mojito snob), and my appletini the other night was average.
3 They have a nice assortment of music on the weekend.  The drink menu is comprehensive, we were happy with what was offered. Spacious and we were comfortably seated - much nicer than so many other bars around town.   It reminded us of a cruise ship.
3 I have been there a couple of times.  Nice space, huge you could get lost in there and I have.  The parking totally sucks! Such a big place little  lot.  Food and drinks are goood
4 The Brink was excellent....was there 4-22-11 and had a wonderful time. The atmosphere was laid back, the lighting was just right and the lounge singer was pretty good. I had one of there pizzas which was very good. They use a frozen crust but then add all the toppings to it right there so it was much better than your usual bar type frozen pizza. The beer is excellent and they had a huge selection of wine. The one thing I would change about this place is the service, we had to go to the bar to order everything. They have tables all over the place but no one apparently waiting on them, it was kind of wierd. Maybe we were just unlucky?  I will go back again and see if the service is the same or better?  -INTERESTING-  So after my original post above, I actually read through some of the other reviews and it seems that the lack of service may be the norm for this place. I am not going to change my 4-star ranking as I really enjoyed the atmosphere here..... I hate being at a bar that is so noisy you can't hear the person sitting next to you so for that alone they get a bonus star. I will say that if the service stinks the next time I stop by I will be disappointed.
4 Plenty of seating at couches and tables, good-for-a-date dim lighting and live music with no cover make this a place I'd likely return.  It has a lounge feeling, perhaps since it's in the lower level of the building.  The food was good, pizza was generously topped and tasty.  The spinach artichoke dip was served in a bread bowl (which was deceptively not hollowed out very well, I might add... making it appear there was a lot more dip than there really was!).   What would improve this place would be service.  It wasn't very busy on this Friday night and there were at least four staff members behind the bar, and yet nobody working the floor taking drink orders.  It's nice to be able to sit and listen to the music and chat; I found it a bit of an interruption to have to get up to go to the bar every time you wanted another round.   BOTTOM LINE:  I enjoyed the atmosphere, nice lighting and lively music which was not too loud that you couldn't carry on a conversation.  If they'd add a server or two it'd be even better!
4 If you're looking for a beautiful, unique and affordable venue for your wedding reception in Madison, definitely check out The Brink Lounge. It is very DIY -- need to find your own caterer, cake, do all the decorating yourself -- but if you're bored with windowless ballrooms and grey wedding food, it may be the place for you. The venue has 3 stories that are all at your disposal and plenty of other rooms plus an outdoor patio for people to hang out as the night goes on. The best feature is the huge spiral staircase on which you get to make your entrance into the dining room. And Matt Brink is one of the nicest people I have ever worked with. He and his dad own the place, they are very accommodating and happy to help make your wedding day perfect!
3 as several other reviewers have noted, it's a decent enough place, but it's missing... SOMEthing. the only time I ever go here is for design madison events, and if it weren't for those, I would never make this my destination. they usually have a few good beers on tap and their food is alright, but there's just something really boring about this place that I can't quite put my finger on.
2 I'm surprised this place stays open. It feels like a hotel lobby, not a bar. Drink prices are outrageous. They have a decent selection of micros, wine and scotch, but if you're trying to drink cheap, $15 for a pitcher of Miller Lite? That's crazy. The pizza is also overpriced and mediocre at best. Spinach and artichoke dip was OK, not great.
3 Watch the Isthmus for what is playing there. Went one night for Jazz and another week went for Blues & Jazz. I was not disappointed by the music. It is not The Elephant Room in Austin, but this is Madison. Sorry natives. Service? A waitress will come for your order eventually but it is a trip to the bar for a now drink. For all you Martini drinkers, $5 for select from the bar menu. It's live music! Enjoy. Johnny Chitown
4 We have held our company party there for 2 years now and each time have been so happy with the venue.  The back room is private and large but with several areas separated you don't feel like you are in a rented hall.  The service has been excellent from planning and set up to the night of the events.  T
4 I found myself sitting in the Brink this past Thursday, cool beverage in hand, great company by my side, and a jazz group performing to a small audience.  I liked everything about it, except for the overwhelming scent of horrible perfume that was wafting from a nearby table and assaulting our olfactory senses... It was quite obnoxious...  The main lounge area of the Brink features plenty of comfortable seating - from traditional tables with chairs to high-top bar stools to plush couches and overstuffed chairs; all are arranged to encourage conversation and coziness.    The band was arranged near the front of the lounge - a perfect distance from the main seating area.    The large bar looked inviting and offered a moderate tap selection and an awesome assortment of martinis.  The prices were extremely reasonable; a martini, a 23oz tap, and a soda came to just over $10.  The bartenders were proficient and friendly.  I spied several food dishes (primarily pizza) as they were delivered to other guests - the pizza looked quite good, as did a few of the salads.  I think I'd like to return to give the grub a once over.    Ultimately, we left a bit early - there was another group playing "upstairs" at the High Noon Saloon that we wanted to check out.  I'll be back soon - the place seems like it could become a favorite hangout.
4 I've had the pleasure of visiting The Brink about 4-5 times in the last couple months. They always have decent entertainment, never too crowded, great cocktails, and good atmosphere. The Brink is the kind of place where you can always find a cozy spot to sit and you can carry on a conversation.  Some of my favorite offerings include specialty martinis for $5, a decent draft beer selection, and some pretty decent pizza.   Check out Thursdays for free jazz! The Madison Jazz Orchestra plays there once a month and they're phenomenal.
4 The Brink Lounge is awesome.  Located between the border of the "few blocks leading up to the Capitol" and the "almost sketchy east side," the Brink Lounge is a haven for people looking to chill and have fun.  They have a very spacious interior, good selection of drinks at fair prices and pretty good music, ranging from live bands to jazz/blues. Add in the pool tables and some swing dancing from time and time and you've got yourself a pretty cool establishment!
3 We went for the live music one night. We weren't planning on staying to eat but it became too late to go anywhere else. The pizza was fine. A little too cheesy for my taste. The previous reviews about the strange decor were right on. It is like a bad hotel bar down there. The space has SO much potential but it is not being utilized.   I don't think I would go back but am glad I tried it.
4 We randomly decided to check this place out last night for a couple after dinner drinks.   Firs impressions, very chill atmosphere. Laid back, couches and comfy chairs. It's pretty hard to find an uncomfortable spot in this lounge.   I'll be back when I'm looking for another relaxing night.
4 Yep. 4-stars, fo sho.  I've been back to the Brink Lounge on several occasions since my review of 18-months ago (goodness, how time flies), and this place remains legit.  + Staff is always helpful and friendly + Typically have some form of live entertainment that is usually quite good + Volumes are completely reasonable  + Plenty of comfortable, private seating - very intimate feel/vibe + Huge bar area + Great drink offerings (taps, bottles, mixers) + Super reasonable pricing  + Pizzas are quite good. House made, customizable, cooked well and priced fairly.  Not much more to ask for. Great place.
