5 What an unexpected and amazing place.  My family and I were in Las Vegas to celebrate my parent's 30th wedding anniversary.   One day the women decided to hit the Wynn Spa so I took my dad out to a shooting range to blow some money and waste some ammo.  On the way we were on the lookout for lunch and being not far from the strip most of the choices were of the chain variety.  You know the horror, you are on vacation and you want something local and the only thing you see are a flurry of McDonalds, Arbys, Burger King and whatever other regional fast food chain.    We initially pulled into Arbys but much to my surprise across the street much like a distant gastromirage I spotted it.  Ay!  Jose Takos!  I informed my father that we are headed to "that place" - he was a bit skeptical.  Now keep in mind this is a very nondescript corner building in a strip mall and from the outside some may even think that it is scary.  We park and make our way into the cozy spot.  The inside is typical of mom-and-pop restaurants.  This is a no frills spot, basically no decoration, just a few tables and a counter where you order.    The menu is very basic; you have an assortment of meats in which to choose to make tacos, chips and salsa and a few other Mexican food mainstays.  They have a very authentic menu of meat selections with selections such as tongue, head, a couple different types of steak, etc.  My father and I opted for steak and were we surprised.  Outside of In-N-Out (I am a total In-N-Out fiend), the Wynn Buffet and BOA at Caesars this was probably the best meal of our week long trip.    We initially got 3 tacos each which are served very simple with tortilla, your chosen meat filling, cilantro and onion.  Clean, simple and dirt cheap.  They were so tasty I went back and got 2 more.  I recommend this place highly to anyone in the area that wants to get away from the Strip and the bad food or any locals that love Mexican food and are looking for a new spot.  To top it off for all you late night partiers the drive through is 24-hours.
4 This place caught my eye a couple of months ago, but I've not made the time to stop until today.  Took my favorite foodie friend to check it out with me.  Between the two of us, we tried their 3 tacos (chicken, pastor and fish), a shrimp tostada and their tamarindo.  For me, the chicken taco was the suprising winner -- with their fabulous green sauce with cilantro and onions.  The shrimp tostada was dynamite -- and a great value at $3.95 for a large plate full of freshly marinated shrimp, fresh avocado and pico -- more than enough to fill two crisply fried corn tortillas -- served separately, which I loved.  The tamarindo had that wonderful tart -- think Mexican Arnold Palmer - taste that goes so well with Mexican food  -- for lunch, at least...  This is a one man show -- he cooks, he cleans, he serves, he takes your money -- and the menu is fairly extensive for such a tiny place.  It was clean -- and he was pleasant.   Plus the 24 hour drive-thru makes for a super convenient option, I'm thinking on the way home...when the weather cools off and their albondigas soup will be the perfect supper...  I've found at some of the smaller mom&pop joints, that if I don't speak Spanish, my meal suffers...but not here.  This is a great find.    Oh, and on their website, it says they deliver...not sure who does that -- but hey -- for nearby college students (and staff) at UNLV...it would be awesome (who wants to give up their parking spot?!)
4 A very unexpected find off the Strip.  Basically, a friend of mine was visiting with his girlfriend and was tired of paying the food prices on the Strip.  I've passed this place before and have wanted to stop in and this was the reason I was looking for to stop in since this place doesn't have the most inviting feel to it from the outside but has a nice mom & pop feel to it on the inside.  After that first encounter, I have been going here on a regular basis and got my roommates to fall in love with this place.  The food and prices are excellent and this place has a 24 hour drive through.  The only downside is that some of the employees (especially late at night) don't speak English very well so I have become a master at ordering my burrito in Spanish to avoid any issues.
3 I had brunch here last week. This place is open 24 hours and is located a few blocks from where I lived. My boyfriend read a lot of good reviews about this place so we decided to try it out. I ordered chorizo and eggs. I was influenced by my friend to order this dish as I normally would not. I wasn't particulary happy about my choice as my boyfriends order was far more tastier than mine. He had the Carne Asada tacos. I had a bite of his tacos and thought they were a lot better than Roberto Taco Shop and Felipitos taco shop which are both near me. They had a very large menu.  It is a very tiny restaurant. A typical hole in the wall with good Mexican food. I would return again, and try the other things on the menu.
3 Good food, good prices!  I had a chicken burrito. The meat was was marinated in a piquant, flavorful sauce, and came with lots of fresh cilantro (they asked first).  The tortas looked great, and they are, indeed "gigantes".  The place can only seat 16 or so, and you order at the window. Definitely my new go-to place for a quick and tasty lunch on the East side of town.  BTW: the old name of the place  - Ay! Jose Takos - is still on the door, but the new name is Las Famosas de Jose.   Ask Jose - he'll tell ya why.
5 Like most people who visit Las Vegas I found myself high on meth and standing outside a cockfight.  I lost virtually all my money on a brown speckled bastard who had less fight in him than an Amish minister on Quaaludes.  As I am watching my soon to be stew meat friend get his eyes plucked out by a bird that looked strangely like Mathew Modine I couldn't fight the sensation that chewing on my bottom lip wasn't going to fill me up. When I was a kid, six or seven, one good hard pull of meth and I wouldn't eat for two days. Nowadays no one has any pride. No one stands behind a product.  I walked down the street cursing the world and wondering what they were teaching kids in schools these days.  I remember like it was yesterday my 4th grade teacher Mr. Huddsfupple telling me, "Rex, never step too hard on your product, it's bad for business."  Two weeks later the FBI arrested him in the parking lot and I was forced to watch him sob like a little girl who lost her doll. Sadly, that pathetic display made me forget his words of wisdom.    With my head pounding, my cash low and my stomach growling I was having a hard time embracing the horror. Flash bang images of dead birds and greedy bastards smiling as they took my money while babbling something in Flemish I made myself a vow...never...ever...go to a Nordic Cockfight again. God damn you Flemish bastards! God damn you to hell, I screamed out loud without realizing it.  I heard someone yell to keep it down. I clinched my fist and looked up to see the person who was about to get a good old thrashing like we did when I was a kid in Nepal. Those Buddhists really had a tenancy to ask for it. Prepared to kick some ass I noticed that no one was around...then it hit me...I was the one who yelled.  All I could see was some yuppie couple crossing the street against traffic, their mouths agape.  Damn tourists. This is Vegas I screamed, and for good measure, I laughed maniacally. They looked scared. Their lesson learned; never leave the Strip if you aren't prepared for what Las Vegas really is all about.    Suddenly the smell hit me. It wasn't all that beef stew looking shit those Flemish scum were jamming down their pasty white gullets...no...this was real food...street food...and most importantly it smelled like cheap food. I can tell the smell of cheap food like I can spot a druid.  I dug through my pocket and found two small bags (don't ask), some cock feathers, a recipe for Springerle, and I can't stand anise.  Finally, under my lucky yoyo and a small picture of Eudora Welty I found a ten dollar bill. Those Flemish pricks didn't get all my money.  I looked towards the smell and saw the sign that changed my life...Aye Jose's Tacos. I wandered inside to this small square building and shakily approached the counter.  The man behind the counter looked strangely like a mix between Enrico Fermi and a dude that once sold me the best bag of weed ever. He asked me how I was doing. Twenty four minutes later, he asked what I wanted to order. I told him I needed two carnitas taco and a lamb chimicanga. Do you want anything to drink he asked? I laughed.  "Do I look like I need more to drink?" "No," he responded." No you don't." He was right.   I sat down at a booth in the small and simply decorated but clean dining area. I sauntered up to the counter, trust me it was a saunter, and looked down at my plate. It was a thing of beauty. Something that stops the heart, freezes the mind and causes uncontrollable drooling.  The chimichanga was a beautiful golden brown with a representation of the colors of Mexico with sour cream, Salsa Verde and red sauce on top. Not too much, just enough to please the eye and add taste.  He asked if I wanted red or green sauce. I told him I want the red, because all of us who have spent time in the great southwest (4 years in an undisclosed New Mexico state facility) know it is the mark of a true Mexican restaurant. The tacos used thin corn tortillas and had the delicious fried pork with diced onions and Salsa Verde. I walked back to the booth and sat down. It took me eight amazing bites of my food to realize that I had inadvertently sat down at a table with two Mexican Mafia members and a hooker with a severe cough. I stared at them blankly and got up. They were confused.  I sat back down at my table and continued my meal.   The chimichanga was cooked perfectly and filled with tender meat in a thin red spicy sauce. The outside was crispy and the tortillas were light and airy.  The oil had only made the tortilla lighter and more delicate. It wasn't heavy and greasy like anything you find at some chain restaurant in a suburban shopping center.  This was the way it was supposed to be. This was the chimichanga Holy Grail. I only say that because for about 5 minutes I saw the Virgin Mary. Nice chick.  The delicate crispy outside was filled with tender lamb and the sauce was deep and flavorful. The red sauce is the best in the city.
4 mmmmm good tortas! And close by the house...this all leads to a full, happy belly.  I ordered a carne asada torta as a jump off to Las Famosas. The regular, giant tortas were too big to try for a quick lunch. Based off my torta experience I'm gonna have to say you might be able to get some really delicious things at Las Famosas.   Everything was balanced well, not too much of one item or another, and the carne asada was spiced to delicious. It was pretty cheap, somewhere around 5 bucks I think. I am glad I live within range of a quick, flavorful Mexican meal that tastes authentic. Will update after a few more visits, but definitely a win for now.
3 I don't know about anyone else, but until looking this place up on Yelp, I thought this place was called "Aye Jose Takos", because that's what the sign says from the road.  So I somewhat refuse to call it "Las Famosas de Jose" because I like the name Aye Jose better.    I live a stone's throw from Aye Jose and come here on a weekly basis.  I am from the LA area, and if there's one thing I miss the most, it's the abundance of 24-hour street taco restaurants.  This is Las Vegas' version of one of those 24-hour LA street taco places.  While it has much more than street tacos, I think the tacos and burritos are the best things on the menu, and the only things really worth getting.    If there is one thing at Aye Jose that sticks out as the absolute best, it is definitely the Chorizo Tacos.  They are some of the best I've ever had.  If you don't like grease, then you will not like this dish, but it's not a bad greasy.  The grease doesn't come from them throwing lard into it, because they don't.  The grease comes from the fat that makes up chorizo sausage.  When they saute the chorizo, the red-colored, flavorful oils come out of the chorizo and into the tortilla.  This is what makes the chorizo taco so good.  So you should definitely get one when you're here, considering they are under a buck, i believe around 90 cents.   I also really enjoy their carne asada, carnitas, and al pastor tacos.  If you're a street taco connoisseur then you will not be impressed with these tacos.  But if you are hungry for street tacos at 2 am then you will love these tacos!     The drive-thru at Aye Jose is probably one of the worst I've ever seen, and they often take a while to make your order, but this may be because my orders are rather large when I'm bringing tacos back to an apartment full of hungry friends.
2 I was overdue for a taco fix, so when I was on the east side of town I decided to hit this place up. It's a tiny shop in an older strip mall. Inside there were probably about 10 or so tables and the place definitely has a "hole-in-the-wall" feel to it. When I ordered, I did so in English and the lady behind the counter looked a bit puzzled -- probably wondering what this gringo was doing in here. She wanted me to repeat my order so I obliged in my mix of English and broken Spanish (my high school Spanish teacher would have been proud!). It only took a few minutes before my order was up.  The food was more "meh" than "a-ok" so I'll have to give them 2 stars. The two carne asada tacos I got had plenty of meat, however it wasn't very tender and unlike other taquerias they don't double up the tortillas. Yup, a single tortilla for each taco and each one was dry. The al pastor taco had a weird flavor to it that I couldn't pinpoint -- like a smokey, earthy taste to it. It wasn't my favorite.  Tacos come in a small size ($1.15 ea.) or a regular size ($1.75). After eating three tacos I was still hungry.   They also have a drive-thru. Although I was in and out before the car at the drive-thru got their order. So you might be better off going inside to get your grub.
5 Torta Milanesa Ahogada!    don't miss the vibrant green salsa in the salsa bar...or the agua frescas.
4 Best Tortas in Vegas the only place I will go if I'm craving a torta!!!
4 I used to come here all the time when I lived in the area. I usually order asada tacos, tortas, or their shrimp Coctel. All are really good, cheap and much better tasting than food I have tried at Roberto's. I crave their green sauce. It tastes good on everything! Oh yeah their agua de piña is pretty good too. My only complaint is that the meat could be a bit more tender.
2 Not my spot .. I tried the paquita torta had to much stuff on it .. Wasn't bad but wasn't good..  I think is an ok place .. I don't know about the tacos but I wouldn't tried it again ..
5 Just devoured my breakfast torta- scrambled eggs, retried beans, cheese, and guacamole. It was served on fresh bread. Yum! This fast food restaurant has typical mexican meat options: chorizo, milanesa, carne asada, etc., (not sure about veggie or dairy free ) Las Famosas De Jose are reasonably priced and very filling. My 7 and 12 year old also enjoyed the food and the fresh orchata, pineapple,  watermelon and cantaloup drinks.  We will definitely return. Don't let the open 24 hour sign deter you. It was clean.
4 Carne asada burrito so big it's kinda daunting to try to eat all by yourself.  Luckily that is no my order, but my other half.  Lengua tacos to die for.  All fresh and made right there with all the sauce you can ask for.  Very funny stickers and art on the walls and there is a drive thru.  24 hour drive thru is also a blessing because who doesn't want Mexican food at 4am.  There is a lot more on is menu to order but as for right now I love the lengua tacos and Mexican coca cola bottles.   Decently priced also makes this place a must go to.
5 Ever since my go to place broke my heart time after time.  I have been looking searching and eating, I think I got it!  I have been frequenting this place for awhile but just now getting around for a review!    With that being said this has become 1st choice while looking for a burrito.    Allways a good sign when you walk in and the music (sung in spanish) is on WAY  to loud the second is the sauces.  My boyfriend continues to punish himself for days after and calls his favorite "I don't think it can be labeled food, how can that be labeled food?!"  But insists I get him 2 sides of it every time I go! I prefer the mild green sauce.  The Burritos and the size of your forearm, HUGE!  But I love lunch the next day.  The meat has the best flavor I have had in awhile mixed with some of the sauce poured on top, YUM!   There are many other choices but I stick to my usual.   Minimal knowledge of spanish ok and a hungry stomach required!
5 I love all they're food. It's a really good Mexican spot & not only that they are open 24hrs. I live literally across town & I come all the way when I have my Mexican food cravings. You can't beat it it's delicious. I've had they're tortas, enchiladas, tacos, and chicken quesadillas everything is on point & they're green sauce is tasty too'
2 I keep trying new taco places in Henderson/LV but they keep disappointing me! I don't know why i keep wanting to explore when I've already found a place that I love! (Taco y Taco)  I was craving a fish taco and put that into Yelp. Most of the results were Rubio's - which I totally would have been okay with because I wanted a crispy taco! But we decided to try out Las Famosas de Jose.  FOOD: I got a fish taco and an al pastor burrito. My eating buddy got a Ferdo 3 lb burrito. Our total was about $25 which means the giant 3 lb burrito was about $15! Yikes.  The fish taco was soooo disappointing!! Grilled and the fish was in cubes. Very little flavor, I dumped a bunch of salsa on it. The al pastor burrito was better but it was mostly meat and I prefer a little more balance in my burritos. It also started falling apart when I ate it because they wrapped it in paper and not foil. The 3 lb burrito is HUGE, cut in half - each half was the size of my regular burrito. I had a bite and liked it! Just not for the price.  Salsa bar was ooook. Not too many spicy options and no cilantro/onion!  The workers were very nice though - I asked for a piece of foil to wrap up the remainder of my my burrito and a plastic bag to carry everything. I asked for a water cup but they said they were out of the small cups and couldn't give one to me. What??? Never heard that excuse before.  VENUE: No frills place. You order at the counter and pick up your food there. They have forks, spoons and knives available for you and you can leave your tray on the table once you're finished. NO bathroom, but there's a hand sanitizer dispenser on the wall.  Location is a bit sketch so keep your eye out at night!
4 Don't need to be complicated. Just was here for the first time as I was on my way home  from work. This place is SUPER CLEAN and I tried 3 tacos. 1 Pastor, 1 Asada, and 1 Chicken.   All were very good and very fresh and the guy working here was super nice. I asked about the Carbonera as there was a sign and a picture on the wall and it looked great. The guy working told me it was only available on Sat and Sun. I will be back to try it as everything else was very good.
5 WOW!! I was in this neighborhood today taking the Free CCW Class at the Gun Store and being one that supports Local over National Chains (there is a Taco Bell, Arby's, McDonalds & KFC surrounding this place and I DO NOT Eat Crap Fast Food so it was a No Brainer) So I stopped in and got a Chicken Burrito($6.49) and it was probably one of the best I have EVER had and it was HUGE!! I will be making a special trip to go back (like a REWARD after a long bike ride to the end of the valley) and will have them add a little cheese & sour cream. This burrito was  ALL KILLER & NO FILLER with alot of chicken. I'm so glad they are not closer to my neighborhood because it would be so hard to resist not going there several times a week. TRY IT. Period. 24 hour drive thru
