4 Grade: B  I immediately felt comfortable here. Lots of places to sit, a game area for the kids and beer for the adults. Fantastic pizza, great prices, and good service. Give this place a try!
4 Homey feel, great pizza.  A great neighborhood pizza joint
4 Tasty thin crust, delicious pizza.  Very comfortable to dine in.
4 Great lunch buffet.  The restaurant was full but they kept the it full.  Nice for kids, but you see many business people here.  There was an o.k. salad bar, soups were good, so were the wings and pizza and breaksticks.  Some games for kids, too.
4 The Pizza Oven is an institution in Monona (having been around 50 years). The lunch pizza buffet is not very large, but do you really need a lot when it comes to a buffet like that? Their dining room is spacious which is good for groups. This place is especially kid friendly. We were there for dinner. Not too busy but not deserted. We'll definitely be back.
4 Love it! A dive bar of sorts with great pizza. Wish there was one closer to Middleton!
5 Awesome owner who really cares about his customers!
5 Tried their plain wings and mushroom apps...great.  Sausage and Canadian bacon pizza was excellent, mixed drinks and service also great....we will be back!
5 My favorite pizza has always come from Chicago.  Tonight we decided to try The Pizza Oven in Monona, WI.  I wish I would have known about this place long ago.  Great customer service & amazing pizza.  We went on a Sunday around 4 pm.The Pizza Oven offers thin crust (pan style for a slight up charge) that I would define as  crispy, flaky & just perfect.  Our pizza was ready within 20 minutes.  The sauce has a slight spicy bite & all the toppings (we chose) were fresh.  They offer specialty and choose your own toppings for pizza options.  We decided on a 16" with sausage, green pepper, mushroom & banana pepper.  It was the best pizza I've had in Madison (Monona)....Ever.  Wow.
5 Excellent pizza. Very flavorful. Crust was thin and nice and flaky/crispy. Not sure why they cut into 1-2" squares, though, but that's a small thing to overlook for the fabulous taste.
2 I like pizza but this is not what I expected.  Many years ago this was a Monona institution with great thin crust pizza cut into squares. Now it's thin crust has the taste of chalk and toppings are tiny and the sauce has gone towards ketchup. Terrible I'm very sorry to say. Nice bar area but it's not the Pizza Oven of old.
