5 I happened upon Cactus Joe's 7-acre nursery while wandering through beautiful Red Rock Canyon.  I loved this place! It's 7 desert acres of clay pots and Southwestern-themed crafts such as metal lizards of all sizes, life-sized sculptures of turtles and other animals, benches and tables, wall art, you name it.  I cavorted with Lindsay Loham the 3-month old piglet and Bridget Bardot (Bardog?) the cute little pug  - both wander freely about the site.   The staff were exceedingly friendly and helpful, and directed us to the refrigerated water ($1 -you'll need it on a hot day).  I enjoyed looking through the large collection of living cactii, a variety of fountains, petrified wood and colored glass, mobiles and other eye-catching items I can't begin to remember.  I didn't have time to explore the entire 7 acres, but I will be back  - with money this time! One of those clay pot fountains is definitely coming home with me.     If you come here wearing sandals, expect to get your feet dusty. This place seems fine for children. I can be a bull in a china shop but I don't think you need to be especially careful here.
5 Cactus Joe's, cactus Joe's He's got truck He's got another truck Cactus Joe's He's got about 6000 lbs of colored class rocks Cactus Joe's! He's got every kind of cactus you could want! Cactus Joe's!!!! He's got two trucks Cactus Joe's, he's got tons of outdoor art! OOohhhhhhhhhhhhh Cactus Joe's!!!
5 This is a great nursery.  It's a little bit of a drive to the Red Rock area, but if you have the slightest inkling of gardening, you'd be hard pressed to do better.  First off, the place is huge.  Deceptively so.  I thought it was going to be a nice jaunt around the place, and the place kept going.  And going.  And (you guessed it) going.  I'm not so much of a cactus enthusiast myself, but they have a nice selection of other plants, garden art, benches, and rocks.  Rocks of every color (and then some) imaginable.  It would cost me a small fortune to get everything I saw there, but my yard would rock (no pun intended) for it.  Joe himself is a really nice guy.  Helpful, friendly, laid-back.  Just a neat man to talk to, and the rest of his staff is just as quality.  You'll even see a few furry "co-workers" trailing you every so often, as there are a ton of their little dogs and cats just casually poking through the nursery, and seem eager to get a few ear scratches for their sticking around you.  It's a little overwhelming for the sheer amount and variety of items on sale, but if you want some stand-out items for your garden, I was happy with the selection and the price.  This place is going to cause me a lot of financial "trouble" come Spring planting time.
5 My wife and I went shopping for some pots for our new backyard. They have acres and acres of pottery and lawn art to chose from. The staff is extremely helpful. They pulled the pots so we can inspect them and then carefully loaded them in my truck for us. They even placed carpet pieces between the pots to protect them for transport.
5 Do you ever have those moments where you find yourself learning in the most unexpected of places?  Lord knows I love my multi-colored rocks for my backyard, and in driving a friend around Red Rock, we ended up here.  Same staff, some new little furry faces, always 15 things or so that I would like to buy, yet the vibe felt different, almost more serene.  And I've been here a few times.  I don't know if it was the pleasant cool air, or just sitting down with one of the people who helps there and chatting, my friend's enthusiasm, new rocks, whatever, some sort of new realization dawned on me.  The place is a community.  From the people there, to their admiration and respect of nature, to the little animals who inadvertently find their way there.  One cute little dog was born with a limp, but hops around merrily like nothing is wrong.  Another little dog lost an eye sometime in its life, but the little friendly attitude misleads you into thinking you're being winked at, like it's sharing some great in-joke with you.  One white cat mews for a few more scratches as it follows you around the place, while another big-eared dog grunts happily as it hams it up to get belly rubbings.  These little beings are indeed "home" where they deserve to be, and for all the times I've seen and pet them, it never really struck me the way it did until this time.  The people who are there don't really come across as "staff" in the strictest definition of the word.  Oh sure, they'll help you with questions, and ring you up when you are ready to go, but they are there to make sure that everyone who enters is having one unified good time.  The serenity and peacefulness this time out made me understand that this place was something larger than it initially seemed.  I thought about all of this when during lunch and the drive home.  I've been here a handful of times, and something about the day, the people, everything just made me feel like I was seeing it all for the first time.  They provide a service of selling off bits of their community to bring into your own personal space, but the little world that they've built within those walls, for all the people and nature, and the animals that find their way there, they provide a service to themselves that they are only all to willing to share.  Perhaps a bit more "zen" than I usually find myself, but it definitely worked.  I think it's only safe to say that this is not your typical gardening experience.
3 If you want a weird excursion out near Blue Diamond way, this is one of those. I have to say I really enjoyed going to a place that deals primarily in desert plants.   It's an odd mix of eclecticism and commerce. It is full of decorative artsy glass and sculptures, but the real stars are the plants themselves. Unfortunately, a lot are high desert and need a little grooming and TLC to thrive in the Valley. But they are a nice hippiesque alternative to Star Nursery or any of the mono-style, minimal selection places.  Not quite as technically helpful as Plant World, even though I have to admit the help is more down homey and talkative ( mostly due to the more sparse traffic, I'm sure ). This place is kind of like a Maggie's Farm just outside of Vegas.  I'd do a double check on the plants and find the ones that have sat here in Nevada for awhile. There's a reason plants have to adjust. Some of the succulents offered here are not as suitable as might be expected. Though they do offer rather large, mature selections ( but expect to pay for that  trait ). Also, the plants that they already have in the ground are terribly nicer than any they offer. Also, make sure they have tags from the growers ( it's always good to know who the growers are. And you know what I mean ).  Nice stop on way to or from Red Rock. Just pick carefully among the offered plants. A nice, farmy oasis in this here overly hot desert.
1 Nice selection of plants that are pricey.  I chose to purchase 2 ocotillos for 59.99 apiece last year from them, because I was told that they were guaranteed.  One did not survive and when I called to see about exchanging for a new one, I was told there was no guarantee on the plants they sell.  Be forewarned, before you purchase from this company, there was nothing on the receipt about whether their plants are guaranteed or not.  For the prices they charge compared to other more convenient nurseries, they should have better customer service than what I received. Don't waste your time driving all the way out to the boonies when they will tell you whatever you want to hear to make a sale, then tell you otherwise when you aren't satisfied with their product.
4 This place is cross between a petting zoo, nursery, and hippie commune.  I love it!    They have a nice selection of succulents, cactus, and Joshua trees.  But, unlike Star Nursery, they have random animals running around (pigs, cats, dogs) and Southwestern-y yard art and pottery.  They also have an enormous fire pit which I suppose they use for their hippie activities.    This place is huge (7 acres), so plan to spend at least an hour!
5 Three of my favorite things in life are plants, rocks, and glass. Yes, I'm a nerd. Therefore, I love this place. About a 40 minute drive from the Strip, Cactus Joe's has not only cacti, but also TONS (literally) of cool rocks (most are 4.99/lb.), rainbow glass chunks  from Guatamala (3.99/lb.), and lots of yard decorations and gifts. The staff was extraordinarily helpful, offering free bottles of water along with gloves when they saw me treasure hunting in the glass, and even umbrellas to block the CRAZY HOT sun. I'll definitely be coming back!
5 Some friends were in town from Alabama and wanted a cactus to take home. I found Joe's on Yelp and we visited.  Really fun place to spend an hour or two. So much to look at and the staff was super super nice! We ended up buying a few cacti, some rocks and even jewelry.  Make a trip out and drive the loop over to Red Rock canyon and visit Joe's... it is awesome.
5 This place is amazing. Part nursery, part desert museum, part gift shop. Their hours in the summer are a little odd, but I called them a week before we would be in town and they came and opened up shop just for us to look around. I only wish I had more money to spend here. I ended up buying just a couple of succulents and a tshirt because I didn't want to risk getting stopped by Cal Agriculture Inspection on my way home with a Joshua Tree strapped to the roof of my car. I'll definitely be coming back here every time I'm in Vegas. Worth a visit!
5 We discovered this hidden gem on the drive to Red Rock. I have always frequented other mineral stores that are all the way across town, who would have thought there was one 10 minutes away from home!  The minerals, crystals and cactus, succulents they have are of very good quality, the best I've seen in town and with very reasonable prices. I love the positive energy the place and the people here give off. They're very knowledgable on top of everything too. My new favorite place without a doubt!
2 As a crazy cactus collector, I was scoping out cactus places on my drive from Palm Springs to LV. Found this place and I was nothing to go nuts over, wasn't worth the drive from the freeway to the location. Not a very big variety of cactus. Lots of rocks and chucks of glass, if that's your thing.
5 Don't let the word nursery in the name scare you off, there is something for everyone at Cactus Joe's. There are plants, sculptures, garden art, rocks, geodes, benches/furniture, a gift shop, the list goes on and on. It is a hidden gem and a great place to spend an afternoon at. The staff is very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. And if you are an animal lover, you will usually see some dogs and cats roaming the property.  To get there you must take the scenic route through beautiful Red Rock Canyon and if you look closely you'll probably see some wild burros on the side of the road. A trip to Joe's is a unique experience and a must go to place every time I'm in Las Vegas.
