3 Most of the food consumed at a 'bertos is like bad sex.  It's cheap, dirty, and leaves you with a burning sensation the next day.  But fear not, gentle readers, I come bearing a message of hope. Not all 'bertos are created equal.  I used to live down the street from Poliberto's when it was Happy China Buffet, but never ventured into the dingy beige joint.  Then they went and added some electric yellow paint and garish red trim and for some reason it drew me in like a skeeter to a bug zapper.  There wasn't a drive-up here, only take out or dine-in, and the place was packed with my people.  Us poor unfortunates that work outside all day, covered in sweat, dirt, and godknowswhat.  So I figured it was a sign of some sort.  And I was right.  The carnitas were tender and crispy, the guacamole was flavorful and chunky and there were about five different types of salsa for me to measure the mettle of my taste buds against.  It's cheap as sin but doesn't leave me with that seedy, slightly used feeling the next morning.  Give it a whirl if you feel like your lard quotient for the week needs to be met.  It's a step up from Fili-B's fare.
5 All 'berto's are, in fact, NOT created equal.  My ex-girlfriend and I used to be fans of Filiberto's, but the customer service was HORRIBLE.  The cashiers taking our food orders, got the order incorrect about 90% of the time.  My ex  was vegan (which made me vegan, by default, whenever I'm eating with her).  One of my ex's coworkers recommended Poliberto's to us, and we have loved it, ever since.  I am a very loyal fan and a frequent customer!  My ex loves to get the bean burrito, with guacamole, and cilantro.  The refried beans are made with vegetable oil (and NOT lard).  Plenty of free chips, and a great selection of different salsa's at the salsa bar.  It has the typical Coca-Cola selection of fountain drinks, and some other more traditional Mexican drinks too...  Poliberto's cashiers have NEVER gotten our food order wrong!  Unlike the 90% of the cashiers at Filiberto's who give the cooks the wrong order (typically with cheese), when we had specifically asked for NO cheese.  Be careful if you order the Guacamole and chips!  The Guacamole always come with cheese on it, unless you specifically ask for NO cheese, then Poliberto's cooks will just give you more Guacamole instead, with the chips.  Eating at Poliberto's has ALWAYS been an excellent experience!  5+ stars!
4 Ok....Lemme let you in on a little secret...If there are quite a bit of Mexicans grubbing down in Mexican food restaraunt...it's probably a good place....I should know...I'm Mexican. Now with that being said, being on vacation I thought this place was OK. First time I went in I had a Chorizo & Egg burrito. It was freaking huge. The eggs weren't all greasy & runny like some Mexican dive places and the chorizo was NOT greasy at all. Took it into the Giants game and people next to me were like, " where did you get that?" Not at the baseball game my friend! Second time took a Carne Asada burrito w/ me to the Dodger game, the meat was tender and tasted great. I don't know if they do this w/ all their meat burritos, but they threw in some guacamole (& with the salsa I threw in) made it slammin'. Nothing better than a good buritto and a cold beer @ the ball yard!
4 Yes, I'm addicted to anything that ends in ***bertos, and although I'm not hispanic, I seem to have acquired a serious taste for this kind of food.   This was my first time here, and I was expecting a drive-thru as most of these places have but did not mind having to go inside to order.  It definitely has that cheap/fast/authentic mexican vibe with bright colors and a big picture menu.  The fact that I was the only white chick in the place made me feel confidant that I would not be disappointed.    I opted for the green chile burrito which was delicious...smaller chunks of pork than I'm used to with more of a kick than I was expecting and a perfectly hot and chewy tortilla.  Nice selections at the salsa bar and decent service.  Definitely a solid four stars.
4 Best place for cheap greasy tasty Mexican food. Every thing on the menu looks great but I usually only have the carne asada fries or Guacamole supremea.  Oh carne asada fries! They start out with a huge plate of fries then pile carne asada meat on top. Then next add on the sourcream, cheese, and guacamole. Oh so good. A little on the greasy side but still quite tasty.  Now even better the quesadilla supremea, so delicious!! Large flour tortilla filled with all the good stuff. Carne asada meat and cheese layered with sour cream and guacamole.  Everything on the menu is reasonable priced and they even have some specialty Mexican foods. But all at semi-fast food style.  I can't wait to get back to Phoenix for some more.
4 Whenever we drive by here, the place is always packed.  Taking that to be a good sign, we decided to stop in for lunch.  Even though there were a number of people there, they took our order quickly and overall service was excellent.  The combo of the three mini tacos was delicious.  The refried beans were the best beans I've ever had, and everything was steaming hot and fresh.  Prices were very reasonable and atmosphere was good too.  Definitely going back again.
3 There isn't really anything for me to say about this place. It's not bad, but it isn't great either. The primary reason that my girlfriend and I keep going back is that it is literally right next to her apartment complex, so it is as convenient as it gets for us.   It's the same greasy, fast, mexican food that you get at all those other generic places around the valley. You know, the ones with the giant, colorful menus on the wall that all look the exact same? I won't mention any specific food that we had, because there wasn't anything really special, good or bad, worth mentioning.  The people that work there are just that, there. I've only ever seen the same girl, but she looks like she doesn't enjoy it there, as I have never seen her smile.  In conclusion, the only two things that really make it worth going here are that it is very inexpensive, and, for us, the location is unbeatable when we don't want to cook and don't want to go anywhere. I won't tell you not to go there, but don't expect anything special when you do.
3 Totally agree with the rest of the reviewers about this being the usual greasy, meat-heavy Mexican restaurant with no frills, but soul-satisfying stomach-filling food. If you're on a diet or if you're the lettuce-eating, fat-free-everything types, you'd do best to steer clear of Poliberto's--everything is unabashedly huge and dripping in lard here. I wanted to get the three tacos combo, but since I'm a recent beef-eater, I couldn't stomach the description of tongue and beef head being included in the tacos. Though I figure it must be tasty :P  Anyway, I got the chicken taco and the carne asada taco and got plenty of lemon wedges and salsa. The tacos were huge. The asada was more delicious than the chicken. The chicken came topped with lettuce and shredded cheese and had a hard shell, which I was definitely not expecting, and didn't like. Other than that...Ok to eat at when you're hungry and want to save a buck.
2 I ordered the California burrito, Carne Asada, potatoes, cheese and pico. I added avocado and got it enchilada style.  Once I got home and looked in the to go box I was very impressed. The portion was enormous and looked and smelled so good.  The first bite is where it all went wrong...it was like eating a salt burrito. I have never eaten anything so salty!   Too bad....
4 I live right next to this place and I've always wanted to try it. I finally went in today and found it pleasantly packed. The restaurant smelled good--though a person could be turned off by the run-down condition of the restaurant.   I ordered the shredded beef burrito and it was quite good. The tortilla was firm, and delicious. The guac is clearly homemade. The beef was of good quality but not that 'shredded' it was more like chunks of easily pulled apart beef.  I enjoyed what I ate but I'm still left with the feeling that the food was missing something, I don't know what!
5 I absolutely love this place.  It beats filibertos hands down.  The prices are great and the food is excellent.  I usually get either the rolled tacos with guac & cheese, or the chili relleno burrito filled with carnitas.  The latter being a particular favorite.  I've also had the deluxe nachos with carne asada, which are also quite delicious.  They have a great salsa bar and a large bin of fresh tortilla chips.  Sometimes the chips are in low supply, but I usually go later at night.  The staff normally consists of a single girl working the counter, but she is very sweet.  I can't recommend this place enough.
5 Best fast food Mexican place I have been to in the Phoenix area.  Menu has great variety and their Salsa is damn good.  Go here instead of Fili B's!  So far I haven't ordered anything that I don't like.  The restaurant is fairly clean for a fast food establishment that is busy during all hours of the day/night.  Food takes a little while to cook but is well worth the wait.
3 Decent rolled tacos.  Loved the salsa.  Pleasantly surprised.
4 I have lived next to this fine place for the last 2 years, but for over a year I had always thought of it as a seedy place full of roaches and tacos that would punish me for enjoying their delights. If I had a time machine I would go back in time and drop kick my face for even thinking that this was the case.   I had thought that all the ___berto's were the same, and having been to Filiberto's once, getting my order wrong, cold and dealing with the stench that was clouded around it gave my past self a bad image of all taco shops, but every day I would pass I would see Poliberto's full of people at all hours. I decided to take the plunge and try some of their tacos for myself, boy was that a good day!  I am a HUGE fan of getting the 3 mini taco plate combo, which is 3 double mini corn tortilla's pilled high with carne asada, lettuce, cheese, sour cream and guac with a side of beans and rice and a bottle of Coke. Fills you up for $6.50 - $7.00. The beef was tender, full of flavor and plentiful and they have several salsas to accompany your free freshly fried corn chips. I reccomend getting the chunky one, as it seems to be the best combo of flavor and spice.   The cleanliness of the place isn't sparkling, reflection in your face clean, but it isn't downright dirty either. The service for me is usually speedy and most days friendly, although sometimes the person at the front seems to not want to be there.  Overall the food is great, downright cheap, filling and they have Mexican Coke in the bottle!
3 The pursuit of the guacamole burrito continues...  And now that I have moved to Tempe, I have an entirely new set of hispanic hot spots to try...especially since Poliberto's is right across the street from my new digs.  I am not seeing the shabby outside or inside that some of the reviews tout.  The building, the parking lot, the interior are all clean and well maintained.  The salsa bar is spic and span, the tables are clean and the trash is certainly not overflowing.  Even the restrooms are well maintained.  In the week I have been in Tempe, I have enjoyed Poliberto's twice.  Both times, it's with the same order:Guacamole, bacon, cheese, sour cream and onion in a tortilla...a guacamole burrito.  The price has varied both times I have ordered it...the first time $3.25, the second time $2.75.  The thickness (size) of the burrito also varied...the $3,25 version was smaller than the $2.75 version.   Maybe the day version (smaller and more expensive) is different because the temperature is higher?  We can all make adjustments because of the sun! hehehe
3 The food is always good and the price is reasonable. However, the place can be a real dump sometimes, which is a big turn off for me.
5 Awesome food, great prices, friendly staff, clean restaurant, lots of seating. Best chips & salsa too. I live 25 miles away, but will return just to eat here.
4 How can you not love this place? It's cheap. It's easy. They have menudo for crying out loud. Many are open 24/7, which is awesome if you work a weird shift or are drunk and coming home from the bar. I'll take this over taco bell any day of the week and twice on Sundays. Please expand to other states.
4 Any place that ends in "berto" is good.
4 I think this is one of the most authentic Mexican taco shops around......I've never had anything I don't like. Plus, they keep things very clean inside.   The burritos are HUGE, even the tacos are pretty big. The tortillas are *perfect* and the refried beans are sooooooooooo good!! (the fish tacos too!)  I love that they have free chips and a salsa bar with cucumbers and radishes (a typical taco shop thing) They offer different specials, just be sure to read the hand written pappers taped above the cash register.   This place isn't anything fancy, but the food really is good....and it's cheap! (fair warning: don't come here on a diet, haha)
4 Great tacos! Definitely come in here for a delicious lunch. Taco de Lengua and carnitas are where its at.
5 Adicted to their ceviche and sales bar with all you can eat chips.
5 Everyone thinks im talking about the other abomination of a restaurant when I tell them about this place.  The only similarities are the menu and the name.  The food is very tasty and its super cheap on top of it.   I get the green chili burrito and its the best burrito I've had in this part of town.   For $4 you cant beat it.  They even have menudo on the weekends and the shrimp cocktail is great too.
4 Great value and menu and delicious!
2 I dunno... I don't really get the rave reviews.  I got a chicken taco which was completely soggy by the time I got home (only about 5 minutes after I ordered it because I live down the road) and a cheese enchilada combo with rice and beans.  The beans do taste fresh.  The rice is decent.  The enchilada is ok but lukewarm and the cheese isn't even melted... it's still all shredded up inside.  The salsa at the bar is good though.
5 Appealing when you pull up,not so much.(THE BUILDING THAT IS) The food is awesome and plenty of fresh food for the price. Decent chips n salsa bar for free,when you order sumin. The salsa is very good. The atmosphere inside is o.k. but what do you expect this isn't the Ritz... Kinda an old school setting for a taco shop. There is plenty of items to order and you will certainly find sumin to your liking in this taco shop. The food is fresh and very good. If you have tryed it in the past and didn't like sumin, I suggest trying sumin else. The food is excellent and decent quantity for the price. I see sum people have given two stars,this is a four star or better in my book.              Maybe they had bad experience,who knows..I know, it's good food 4 shore! Price is right, location is good, food is excellent, large menu selection too choose from, unlike FiLLi B's... Way better menu selection to choose from then your typical FiLLi B's restaurant. Tell me, when is the last time you got a burger at FiLLi B's???? You can't! You can at Poliberto's taco shop,Mexican style burger of course. Good too!!             The funny thing is at: Poliberto's Taco Shop.. Next time you go in there watch all the free loaders, load up at the Salsa bar.. You would think they never ate or had Salsa&Chips for a long time. People always free loading on free chips,cucumbers,carrots and loading up, like there never gonna eat again. You pay for that kinda stuff at FiLLi B's...Comical to watch the leeches load up at the salsa bar..... I'm sure the free loaders are the ones that give two stars. The people I see loading up at the salsa bar n taking enough for 7 people is the other reason I like to go and people watch.... The nerve of sum people.... two stars and then loading up on free stuff. JaJaJaJaJaJa HaHaHa
5 If you want a completely authentic home-made style Mexican meal in Tempe, this is the place to go. Everything I have tried here is delicious, and it's all WAAAY better than you'll get at any Mexican chain restaurant. Again, we're talking authentic Mexican food, not the commercialized crap that you get at the chains. I think the few bad reviews on here must be from people who don't know what real Mexican food should taste like.   I have tried several of their burritos (the new Pollo Adobado burrito is my favorite), the chimichanga, enchiladas, rolled tacos, enchiladas, and I'm sure a few other things that I'm forgetting, and everything has been excellent. And their fresh homemade chips are very good too, and they have a variety of freshly made salsas at their salsa bar. The only thing I've had that I didn't like was the shrimp tacos, the shrimp didn't taste fresh and they were just weird overall.   My favorite thing on the menu? It's a tie. My go-to meal when I'm starving is easily the #23 combo - 3 mini tacos with your choice of meat (pollo asado, ground beef, carne asada or carnitas), all loaded with fresh guacamole & pico de gallo, along with a side of refried beans, rice, and a soda - ALL FOR JUST $5! It's so much food I almost never finish it all. And my other favorite thing is the Pollo Adobado burrito - it is HUUUUGE and loaded with flavor, it's unbelievable. And when I'm just in the mood for a big mess of junk food I'll get the loaded fries (basically a nachos supreme type dish but with french fries instead of nachos....mmmmm....).   Check it out, you won't be disappointed. And FYI you will probably need to wait about 10-15 minutes for your food since everything is made fresh, but it is well worth the wait. In fact, I think I'm going to head over there right now. :)
4 YESSSSSssss! I love this place, I am able to call in orders with OLGA! salsa bar is my fave.... counter help is very helpful even if she is working alone.  Rolled Tacos supreme is a must have! they have diff items to make everyone happy.  g2g.... time to pick up my lunch!!!!   ~Rebecca G.
5 Never miss no.21, it's awesome. I did tried other menu too! Always open until midnight.
5 Having this place in walking distance from your apartment is a dream come true.  Amazing, satisfying Mexican "fast" food (you may have to wait a bit but it's worth it).  THIS IS NOT YOUR AVERAGE BERTO'S.  Super affordable delicious food with sizable proportions and a delightful salsa bar.    My husband and I usually get the two burrito combo, one with carne asada and one with adobada.  OMG SO GOOD.  If you split a large drink, too, it comes out to about $8 for two people.  Miraculous when you are hung over.  And they are open at pretty much all hours so you can totally saunter over here at 9am and chill with an interesting assortment of early-risers.  This place does not have a drive-through so keep that in mind.  I have taken out-of-towners here on two separate occasions and it did not disappoint.  One more thing -- I always get a horchata and it is never bottom-of-the-barrel gritty like it can be at some places.
5 I decided to give this place a try since the reviews are so high...plus I was craving a breakfast burrito. I'm about to give a lot of information that you may think will contradict my rating but please, just bear with me.   After finding the eatery, I parked and got our of my car. Oh boy, I was getting nervous. The place looked run down and dirty. There was debris in the parking lot; containers, pieces of trash and such. Behind the restaurant was another unidentified building. Maybe it's the owners home..? The outside of the eatery didn't look appealing at all but I thought, "Nope, Yelp says it's great. I can usually rely on my fellow Yelpers." Take a deep breath! As I walked inside, I purposely didn't look around. Instead I immediately looked at the menu chose my dish, ordered, and paid. I ordered a chorizo breakfast burrito with potato and cheese.  I ended up waiting about 10 minutes since there were a few orders ahead of mine. This, unfortunately, gave me time to look around. Old food stuck onto floors that looked like they hadn't been mopped in ages. There was some other dark smudges that I couldn't make out what it was...or had been. Large areas of paint peeling off the walls, bits of paper from straw sleeves laying around, clumps of dust and cob webs hanging around the air vents and upper corners of the building. There was a wooden bench that looks like a couple slates were missing from its seat. The place really needed to be thoroughly scrubbed.  While waiting I helped myself to two different kinds of salsa from the salsa bar. Finally my food was ready. I was surprised at how heavy the bag felt. I drove back to work and opened the yellow paper that contained my burrito. My god the thing was huge! It was like a small baby! Alright, so, the test! I took my fork and knife cut off a bite, put a little of the fresh red salsa on it and ate it. Wow, It was EXACTLY what I have been looking for in a breakfast burrito!!! The chorizo was spicy, the potatoes seasoned, the egg not dried out, the cheese gooey and melty, and the tortilla was the perfect texture. It had that, almost, transparent look to it, you know, the kind where you know it was handmade. Then I tried it with the green salsa verde! Omg!! So flavorful and delicious! I was in breakfast burrito heaven! However, the thing was so big that I could only eat half.  So! Now you understand my high rating despite my earlier comments.  This is a true "hole in the wall". Do I want to know what their kitchen looks like, HELL NO! But I will continue to go back because the food is THAT good. I'm so glad my Yelpers didn't let me down. ;)
5 i love the food here the beans and rice have amazing flavor. i've been going here for years i love this place. i use to live in phoenix and the drive here was always more than worth it. this is my top spot for the phoenix area for mexican food. the salsa is super super amazing in every way. if i could rate this place higher i would. prices here are great always. i now live in fresno,ca and great food like this is hard to find !! if you do find good food here it won't be consistent and cheap trust me been looking for two years now. anyways i highly recommend poliberto's to any and all who like great food. 5 stars isn't high enough..
5 I love poliburtos. Compared to filiburtos they are 100x better. Everything I've ever eaten There is amazing. I would recommend this place over any small Mexican food restaurant around. Yummmm
3 This place is entirely what you would expect: okay fast mexican food at a reasonable price and nothing more.
4 not sure if it's fair to compare it with Filiberto's, but it's much better and I believe a little cheaper
5 Ok, first off, they have probably some of the best Steak Ranchero I've ever tasted!!  So yummy!  The salsa is way better than any other "berto's" out there, infact they have a salsa bar.  It's good price for what you get.   Best part of it all is!  THEY SPEAK ENGLISH!!  I mean you can actually understand them.
4 The food was great! I enjoyed a chicken burrito and some awesome fries with basically everything on them. The horchata was phenomenal and filled my midnight cravings.
5 The family and I was on the lookout for some authentic Mexican food. We hit the jackpot! The portions are large at the right price. Some of the best food I've had in a long time!!
5 You MUST try the pollo adobado burrito !! The best thing I have eaten in a while !!!  Huge portions and great prices !!
2 After eating some of the worst Mexican food ever at F-berto's nearby, I decided to try Poliberto's after work....While it was overall better than my traumatic experience, I can't say this was that much better.   I made a huge mistake ordering the Carne Asada Torta...everything fell apart and the meat tasted really bad.  I'm used to a good, fulfilling, crunchy big torta like they make them in SF for the same exact price.  Unfortunately, this torta failed miserably in comparison.  I seriously have no clue where to get good Mexican food in Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale, but I won't give up without a fight.
4 Oooo me gusta Poliberto's!  At first, I wasn't sure why the tacos were $2.45 but once I saw how big they were I can say - the price is well justified...like Justin Timberlake.  I ordered four soft tacos: cabeza, lengua, pescado, and carnitas.  The lengua was pretty tasty and juicy, the cabeza was soft and tender, the pescado was on par with what I'm used to at Senor Fish, but what really got me was the carnitas.  The only way I can accurately describe eating them is, "Carnitas be crispy like I ain't eva seen!  I ate one of them and I was like WHAAAAAT ARE YOU SERIOUS, POLIBERTO???"  Best of all, I saved half of each taco for the next day, reheated them and they were STILL GOOD.  Winner, winner, carnitas dinner!
1 Rolled tacos were miserable, undercooked and soft in the middle. The avocado and cheese overwhelmed the poor things and they were not able to withstand the pressure - collapsing under their own weight. The horchata was even worse as this version tasted flowery and they decided not to add ice to the drink either. Every salsa in the place was burning butthole variety, so gringo's aren't welcome. The crowd was clearly skewed towards the spanish speaking hombres. Also, get a drive through installed, so I don't have to go inside and deal with all the drunken patrons. Oh, don't bother now, I won't be back anytime soon.
4 The only negative I found was it took a little while to get the food.   Now on to the positives:  Great salsa bar. Good choices of salsa, pickled carrots and jalapeños, sliced cucumbers and free chips.   The food was delish. The rolled tacos were tasty with a huge amount of guacamole and cheese. I had the cabeza gigantico burrito, the meat had a great flavor and texture, I tried the pollo burrito as well, and I can say that it was some of the best tasting pollo I have had in a long time.   The prices are great too, burritos for under 5.  I will definitely be coming back the next time I come back to Phoenix.
4 Pretty good little spot. Food is reasonably priced and good. Better than filibertos. They are open late which is a plus.  Always busy.
5 The only downfalls are the caloric intake and the wait times! Other than that they are awesome!
4 Very good breakfast burrito. The salsa bar was fresh and tasty too. As Arnold would say....I will be back....
5 I've been here a couple of times. The food is good and fresh. Yes your order takes a few minutes but I think it's because it's fresh and made to order. They provide self serve chips and you can try the salsas that were also very tasty. Prices were good and contrary to what I've read in a couple of the reviews it was clean. It's a hole in the wall and the place is old but the food is very good along with reasonable prices. Definitely try the carnitas tacos, lots of meat and very authentic.
5 No pretension. This taqueria has excellent carnitas, low prices, free chips, and a variety of salsa. For about $14 the two of us got more food than we could eat, two mini taco plates. They let us choose different kinds of meats for the three tacos and we found chicken, carnitas, and steak to all be tasty! The food took a little while, as other reviewers warned, but we got to munch on chips while we waited and were very happy with the experience overall!
1 They must have run out of every spice except for salt and just added extra to compensate. I love salt but even this was too much. Also, diarrhea. I've since stopped eating here. Given the choice, I prefer the runs to be caused by Filiberto's rather than Poliberto's.
5 Being a native Californian (Los Angeles area) I'm always on the hunt for decent hole in the wall Mexican. I now live in TN where the mexicam is sad. Polibertos - I feel like I have come home!  I primarily judge a place on its carne asada burritos. I ordered one specifically basic to taste the quality of each component. Meat,  beans, rice, cheese. I must say I was impressed when I saw my roll waiting for my pickup at the counter. The tortilla was fresh and perfectly cooked. The carne asada was seasoned and chopped to perfection. The beans were real refried beans and the cheese was straight forward cheddar (which I expect). Even though this roll was sizable I actually contemplated getting another one because my taste buds were in heaven.   Everything about this place met and exceeded my expectations for a hole in the wall,  walk up counter joint. The salsa bar had great selection and all 4 salsas I tried were delish!   Take a pass on other trendy or restaurant places of you are craving some real tasty food!  I'll be back the next time I'm in town!
5 I went there couple of times and I loved the food. I love the bar where we get Salsa and Chips. Only was bad is the waiting which is something in Mexican food. They make awesome for us and I would wait.
4 Was driving to Taco Bell, drove past this place and Taco Bell was closed.   We said hey, let's give it a try. OMG it was so good. I live in Tucson. This place is a true hole in the wall, but so good.
