5 What a dream! This place is stocked to the brim but is not overwhelming. There are tons and tons of choices at various price points, so there is something for everyone here. I loved their dress selection - several were really unique and fun. Brands such as Velvet, Diane von Furstenberg, Frankie B, Corey Lynn Calter are the ones that come to mind when I remember this place. I just loved the selection of tops, jeans, dresses, skirts - dressy and casual. The girl that helped me was super friendly and helpful and not at all pretentious. I will definitely be back here to visit....nothing I tried on really wowed me this time, but there were so many things that I wished had worked because I truly loved them. My husband and bank account are probably thankful that nothing fit this time, though!
5 I think I have died and gone to DVF heaven.  (That's Diane von Furstenberg for you non fashionistas out there.)  Seriously, by the time I was three racks into Twist I was melting into a puddle of bliss.  So many DVF styles and patterns....it should be illegal to sell that many in one place.  My poor heart can't take it.  Anyways, after I regained my composure and continued shopping I was greeted with even more fabulous dresses and tops- Rebecca Taylor, Plenty, Lewis Cho....it was pure heaven.  The store is stocked with great fashion forward pieces....not fashion 4 months ago pieces. I almost sent a text message to Dorian G. telling her to get on the next plane and come out here to this store.    I selected 5 things to try on and halfway through the super nice (and cute) sales associate came by with a few more dresses to try on.  Everything he brought me fit perfectly and was right on with my style.  I seriously wanted to buy 8 things.  I restrained myself to come back with my husband to have him help me narrow them down.  The sales associates were super nice, the store is huge and full of wonderful items....what more could you want?  Oh yeah, I got a parking spot right in front.  That was cool too.
5 Awesome boutique! The selection is amazing...lots of jeans, tops, and dresses.  The styles range from casual to dressy and there are a variety of price points.  It's one of those stores where you really need to go through every rack, but it's fun because each item just gets better and better. Plus the store is organized very well, so it's not overwhelming as some other stores can be.  I loved how there were so many Diane Von Furstenburg dresses...I will most definitely be back for those! I was on a mission for party dresses today, and unfortunately didn't find any I was in love with at Twist. I did find a handful of other stuff I could have bought, but I restrained myself.  I will be stopping in Twist next time I am up at Fashion Square because the clothes and prices were right up my alley.
