5 My DH and I were is Las Vegas for vacation and decided to do a tour of Hoover Dam to fill up one of our days and get off the strip. I did some research online and found that Comedy on Deck got rave reviews on other sites and decided to book  the Ultimate VIP Hoover Dam Bus Tour. Our tour guide Joni (see picture)  was awesome. She was not only entertaining and made the day go fast, but she was extremely knowledgeable about the dam! The lunch in Boulder City was great (so much better than the buffet the other tour companies go to) and the trip to the chocolate factory was fun. The size of the mini bus was perfect - not too many people. I would highly recommend going with this tour company...it is well worth the few extra $$!
5 1st off we had a groupon for the Grand Canyon tour.  We scored there,  basically it was buy one get one free. ~ Guess knowing what I know now, I'd would've paid full price.  Our host was Jody...  So funny they have 2 women who work there with similar names.  Anyway she was helpful, informative and just really nice.  We had a small tour bus which I like, you get to know all the people in your group and recognize them going about your day.  It went faster then I expected.  We had 2 stops along the way.  Since we took the express no lunch was included.  For breakfast they gave us pastry & juice.  So we stopped about 20 minutes from strip in Boulder City. There a few of us picked up lunch items to eat on the bus.   *Food & drinks at Canyon are pricy.  So if you don't want to pay for over priced food, take her up on the stop and get something at the store.  We had 3 hours at the Canyon.  Was just about right amount of time I thought.  We got to see everything and didn't feel rushed.  Although we didn't do the Skywalk experience (was $32 and not worth it to me)  We got fantastic pictures and although it was chilly with wind and temp it was so worth seeing one of America's best/biggest natural destinations.    Had 1 stop half way through on way back.  Very interesting/colorful stop.  I'll have to post my pics of the Last Stop Saloon! Jody played us a movie which was fun and passed the time.  Although I didn't watch most of it because I took a nice little nap, being up so early in the morning while in Vegas leads to sleeping if you don't have to drive... or at least thats what I think.
4 We went on this tour and had a great time. Our bus driver was Nicolas and he was really good and reminded me of George Lopez, especially when he had the high pitched voice in his jokes. He also gave us tips on everything Grand Canyon and things to do and save in Vegas. Bought this deal via Groupon, which was an awesome deal. 1 star less because I wasn't aware that they collected $ from us for TAX. No one from their office told me that they will be collecting this even when I had a Groupon when I was on the phone with Tom.  Ah well, still had a great time.
5 I've travelled to many places, and have been on numerous tours and I would just like to say that the Grand Canyon tour I had with your company, was by far one of the best tours I have ever had. Even before going on the tour, I was very impressed with the company. I made my arrangements via e-mail and telephone, and the staff I communicated with were so friendly and accommodating.   My sister and I, had a magnificent time, and learned so much from our tour guide, Robert. From the beginning he was very warm and welcoming and seemed to have a genuine passion for what he does. He was very knowledgeable and shared so many interesting facts, that even though I was excessively sleep deprived (gotta love the Las Vegas strip!), I battled to stay awake because I didn't want to miss anything he said. He was very entertaining and naturally enthusiastic and not overly animated like most tour guides who come across as fake, obnoxious and forced to be animated.  Our friends did not want to join us because they had already gone on a Grand Canyon tour with different companies (All which have been total "Snooze-a-palloozas"!). When we were telling them about our experience, they kept saying things like, "Oh we didn't get to do that", "We didn't get meals as good as that", "we didn't make those stops", "We didn't get back to Vegas that early"... In other words their tours were very uneventful compared to ours, and they  had wished they tagged along.  We had purchased a Groupon Deal that allowed us to have a discount of 51%, but after our tour and hearing the feedback from our friends about other tour companies, I feel I would have paid DOUBLE the regular price for what we experienced.  I could go on, and on, and on about how terrific the tour was, but rather  than read this soon-to-be novel, I highly recommend calling or emailing COMEDY ON DECK now, book a tour ASAP!
1 I bought a groupon.  Booked my tour and was so excited... it was a special treat for my birthday.  6AM I'm waiting at the hotel for pickup as requested.  6:20AM - no pickup.  I call the company and they say they "forgot" to move my name from the reservation list to actually being on the bus and it was full.  I was told that the owner would be told of the situation and would call.... NADA.  Be very careful about dealing with a company with such sketchy reviews.  As far as the business goes - I'd never recommend them and would warn EVERYONE away from them.  Not a professional business given all the choices one has in Vegas.  Good luck if you try to go with them.
5 We had a fantastic time on our Comedy bus tour to the Grand Canyon. Our bus driver was named Alan and our tour guide Jason. They really did a great job making our trip fun and memorable. We were really surprised with how informative and funny Jason was. He was able to answer every question asked. Alan was just beyond nice and accomodatiing in making sure we were comfortable and safe on the road. The trip was well organized and the time structure explained to us in the beginning was pretty exact. It was very important to my wife and I that we make it back to the city at 4pm to enjoy the rest of our evening and not spend it on the road. We were able to visit both the Grand Canyon and the Hoover Dam during one tour. They surprised us with complimentary muffins and juice in the morning as well as tickets to a couple comedy shows in the evening. We highly recommend Alan and Jason to be your guides for your tour.
5 We thoroughly enjoyed this day at Grand Canyon West.  It was great to leave the driving to someone else as well as sharing camaraderie with the other tourmates.  Every aspect of the tour was as advertised on our Groupon and our tour guide, Jason, made the whole day memorable by offering insider tips and humor.
5 Wow! A friend and I went on the "Ultimate VIP Hoover Dam Bus Tour" with them to the Hoover Dam, and we had a blast. We booked them through Look Tours (http://www.looktours.com/hoover-dam-VIP-double-decker.html), and didn't know there was a such thing as a "comedy tour" or that they would be conducting our tour until the bus picked us up, right on the strip at Treasure Island.  Our tour guide, Jody, was not only full of fun facts, but hilarious! She was animated and lively, and kept us laughing all the way to the Hoover Dam with dam funny stories. (Yes. You will hear dam jokes throughout the day.) The tour stopped at the new Hoover Dam Bypass bridge, where we were allotted about 20 minutes to take photos. Then, we spent a few hours touring the grounds with Jody, watching the Hoover Dam movie, taking the official Hoover Dam tour, and exploring the gift shop.  On the way back to Las Vegas, we stopped at the Southwest Diner for lunch. (Yum!) It was reminiscent of a Southern diner, complete with iced tea served in a mason jar. The portions were decent, but if you enjoy a piece of their pie (YOU MUST), you will walk out of there forced to loosen your belt a bit.  Our last stop was the Ethel M's chocolate factory. (Did you know that she was actually Ethel Mars--like M&M/Mars? OK, I won't ruin any more of their surprise facts for you.) I get some of their chocolate every time I go to Las Vegas--it's worth every penny, and neat to see how the chocolate is made. And yes, you get free samples.  Jody had a smile on her face all day, and is an extremely skilled and patient tour guide. I highly recommend taking this tour with her and Fil (our driver). For $90, It's a fantastic way to spend half a day while you're in Las Vegas!
5 My daughter and I went on the tour last Friday, it was very enjoyable with no problems. Jason is a very good tour guide, knowledgable, patient and makes you feel very comfortable. Robert the bus driver was very good , and I highly recommend these two when booking a tour through comedy!!!
1 Prior to my trip to Las Vegas I purchased the Groupon for the deluxe tour of the Grand Canyon. My partner and I were so excited about going to the Grand Canyon and thought we had found an excellent deal. However, it was clear from the very beginning that this experience would be a mess and that in no way would it measure up to the other Grand Canyon tours that are offered in the area. At the end of the day we agreed that neither of us felt that the Groupon price was reasonable for what we got, let alone what they claim to be their regular rate.    When we showed up at 6:15 am, early as suggested, the bus was nowhere in sight. Rather, we watched as all the nice buses came and went before noticing our run-down bus at the far end of the rotunda. As we made our way over we learned that there had been some kind of a mix-up and we had to wait for a new bus. This gave us some time to get to know our tour guide Jason who, in an attempt to be personable and friendly, came off as offensive and overbearing.  When the new bus finally came it was soon apparent that the air conditioning on the bus couldn't handle the heat generated by a bus at full capacity. It was sweaty, crowded and uncomfortable and at one point the bus even broke down and made two unexpected stops with no explanation. Throughout this endeavor, Jason continued his aggressive attempts at humor, but unfortunately shared no information about the region, the sights, or anything of interest. Instead he took the opportunity to inundate us with his amateur comedy routine which was repetitive and inappropriate and fell flat on his audience.   The only redeeming aspect of the tour was the aspect over which the company has no control: the Grand Canyon itself. We also enjoyed the quick stop at the Hoover Dam and the meals were a nice touch. However as we were leaving we realized that we had learned nothing of substance about the attractions, and even though we were supposed to have taken a "guided tour" with Jason we instead endured his egregious "humor" which was laced with sexist undertones and thinly veiled racial assumptions about my partner.   Overall,do yourself the favor and hold off for a different tour - cheaper is certainly NOT always better and if I could have done it again I would have paid more to go on any other tour than the one I was on. Major fail!
5 I purchased the Groupon for the VIP Grand Canyon Tour.  I read reviews first so I was hoping it would live up to my expectations, but it exceeded them.  Even with a slight late start they got everyone to the tour bus by calling in help. We left and returned on time.  Our guide, Jody, was amazing - so much knowledge in her head. I learned much more about Hoover Dam, the Grand Canyon, wildlife, plant life, local culture and laughed a ton (even though I was disappointed about it not being a "comedy" tour).  Robert, our driver I think volunteered to cover in a pinch.  He was great, friendly, and didn't hit ANY cows!  You guys were great! We will definitely choose your company next time.
2 We had called a week ahead of time to arrange for a Grand Canyon West Tour for 6.  We flew in on Thursday for a Friday tour.  After confirming our information multiple times before traveling, we checked in with Comedy on Deck to confirm the pick up time for Friday.  Everything was confirmed. We received a phone call about 4 hours after confirming and were told that our tour was for Saturday not Friday.  We differed but ended up losing the discussion and I prepared to rent a vehicle and make the tour myself.  Saturday was our flight back home.  This was to be a once in a lifetime experience to celebrate my wife's 70th birthday.  In the end, we were told to check back at 7:00 PM Thursday night, if they had enough people who wanted to go, they would add a second bus.  It turns out they had enough people so we were back on and I canceled the rental car.   The driver/guide Robert was wonderfully polite and very good at keeping us informed.  I would gladly go on a tour with him again.  The bus was less than what I expected.  At the pick up point there were many nice buses and while our bus was big and clean you could tell it had seen better days.   Our first stop was a place for breakfast in Boulder City.  The food was fine, it was a short 30 minute break and we were on our way again.  We made the stop at Hoover Dam in the morning instead of the afternoon as scheduled.  That was a good idea, because it was going to be very hot in the afternoon.  It was already over 80 degrees and it was only 8:00 AM.   After Hoover Dam we set off on the 2 hour drive to the West Rim of the Grand Canyon.  The bus was hot from sitting in the sun at the Dam.  It never quite got as cool as we would have liked it to be and most of us were glad to get into the reception center at the West Rim where the AC was going full blast.  Robert got us to the place where we were to have lunch and we were on our own to look around and enjoy the beautiful scenery.  The lunch was surprisingly good and that ended the touring part on a positive note.  Nobody really wanted to get back onto the bus with less than adequate air conditioning since temperature was no around 100 degrees.   The ride back was a little ward inside and everyone, even the visitors from Kuwait, were uncomfortable.  But bad turned to worse when the bus broke down about 40 miles out of Las Vegas.  The driver's cell phone could not get a signal so we had to find a phone that would allow him to call the office.  Meanwhile we are all out of the bus, under a freeway overpass, with the cars zipping by.  The first couple of attempts to reach the office resulted in getting the answering machine, but finally he connected.  They told him they would send someone out.   Meanwhile a rival company going by (Ryan's Express), stopped to see what was happening and eventually offered to give the passengers and Robert a ride to a Casino in Boulder City.  The company was told where we would be and eventually sowed up there (about 1/2 hour after we got there) to pick us up and get us back to our starting points.   Not a great experience except for Robert who really was a good host.  That bus never should have been on the road.
4 Ok, for starters if you're visiting and don't want to rent a car tours are the only choice you have. Yes, you have to get up early. Yes, they cost a lot of money. But, that's going to happen with all of them.   With this being said, we booked this tour because we had a groupon. We paid the extra $20 for breakfast and luch, which I suggest you do. It saves you money and you don't have to worry about finding food.   Breakfast is decent at the Omelette house. Lunch is provided to you at the Indian reservation.   Our tour guide was Jodie, she was great. She told us a lot of side information about vegetation and animal life. I do have one complaint, but nothing too big. She went on a lecture about giving tips and actually telling you how much to give. This happened more than once and it went on for a good 5-10 minutes at the end of our tour. I understand that not everyone understands or believes that you should tip, but the nagging caused her tip to go down.   The bus was old. The seats were hard. When the air turned on, it smelled and you could see how incredibly dirty the vents were. But, it got us there safe and sound. Rumor has it that they'll get new buses after they finish paving the dirt road to the reservation. So, that's an exciting improvement.   They give you clear cut times, information, and suggestions. The self guided tour of the canyon was flawless with the information you were given. Being that it is self guided,  you can pick and choose what you do. This saves time and energy.   They also show a movie on the way back, which makes the ride feel shorter.   Overall, for the price this is a great deal.
5 My wife and I just did the West Rim Grand Canyon VIP tour today.  We had a wonderful time.  Tour guide Jody was awesome.  One of the best guides we every had.  We paid the extra $20 for the food and was very pleased.  Good value for the $.  Stop at Hoover Dam was quick, but nice.  Gave us a chance for some nice pics.  We did the optional Skywalk which we felt was worth it.  A little pricey, but a cool experience.  This tour is a great way to see the West Rim of the Grand Canyon.  Based on today, we would definitely do a Comedy on Deck Tour again, especially if we would have Jody as our guide.
3 This is my updated review from one star to three. Why the one star at first? Well, false advertisement with the whole "comedy on deck" thing. They need to remove this from their name, including their picture, since there was no comedy whatsoever on this tour. Being in Vegas where shows abound, I was just expecting that twist on a tour. At least the Tour Guide told us upfront not to expect this. Judging by other reviews and pictures, this does seem to happen or have happened at some point.  The trip was not a total loss however. The Tour Guide was beyond informative with facts. The stop for breakfast at Omelet House was very nice and filling. The brief stop at Hoover Dam was unexpected. That was a nice surprise. I didn't read about it anywhere when I booked my tour. This stop needs to be longer than just twenty minutes. It wasn't even a long enough stop to walk across the bridge.   Things to look for and plan:  * Go with the option of food with this tour. You will be very hungry if you don't. Although there is a dining option without prepaying at Grand Canyon, it will be more expensive there. The lunch here was simple but, pretty darn good. Or, just take some sandwiches or finger food with you in a carry-on bag. The stop at Omelet House was worth it. I ended-up going back for breakfast the next day. You are given a card on the bus where you pick-out which options you want.    * Walking onto the Sky Bridge at Grand Canyon is not included in the price of this tour. Very pricey actually. Had I known this before hand, I would have taken more cash with me. Also, if you already have a ticket for this, you are strongly urged to do this first due to timing and other busses/tourists there. You can buy this and other options on the bus before getting there.  * After being there myself and seeing what they do, I highly recommend paying extra money for a Helicopter Tour. You can purchase this option while there but, strongly discouraged due to timing issues. I will next time, you'll see what I mean while there.  * This is not the Grand Canyon with the funny looking rocks in the middle of nowhere that you see in pictures and movies. This is the side with the very impressive and large ditch that if you fall, you will never come back. Be very careful at the edges. Other than the Sky Bridge, there are no handrails.   * Pay attention to the times. You are crossing a different time zone.  * Even going through Expedia and Groupon, I was surprised with an additional $8.89 fee for random this and that. We were already on the way there so I didn't find it appropriate to ask questions.  * At Hoover Dam, you will be viewing it from afar from the highway. You will not be going to the Dam itself. Still awe inspiring and picturesque though. Just hurry now, before you know it your twenty minutes are up.   Both these trips, if you rented a car, can easily be done by yourself with no hidden fees or rush. Neither is that far from The Strip. Specifically Hoover Dam. Next time, I'm driving to both myself. It's not as far as it seems from looking at the distance on a map. My suggestion, they need to deduct some time from the entire stop at Grand Canyon and add it to Hoover Dam. Although an historic ancient place, majestic and awe inspiring; way too much time is spent at Grand Canyon.   This tour is ideal for anyone that opted not to rent a vehicle while in Las Vegas. I did rent a vehicle and saw quickly how easily I could have done this on my own. You can thank me later. :e)
3 We, like most people, found this company through Groupon.  We opted for the cheaper one, but I do recommend getting the one that's $20 more, I'll tell you why.  You stop for breakfast, if you dont have the more expensive Groupon then you feel left out lol, while the rest of the group is eating breakfast, you get to sit there by the front desk of the restaurant or on the bus.  However, they didn't leave us empty handed, they had danishes and juice boxes, which was plenty for us, but still, you feel left out.  Then, once you get to the canyon, you get a voucher to eat at one of the few places they have to eat, the tour guide we had, Robert, recommended eating at Guano Point, not the Eagle place.   So if you buy yourself breakfast and then buy lunch at the canyon, you end up spending the $20 anyway, plus you get to feel part of the group, because we were the only couple out of 40 people that didnt pay the extra stuff haha :P  Pretty much the only way you save money is if you pack a couple sandwiches and stuff to eat throughout the day...  Anyway, I thought the tour was ok.  It's called Comedy on Deck, idk what we were expecting but I guess we thought it would be more fun, it wasn't fun besides being at the canyon, which was great, but we spent twice as much time on the bus as we did the canyon and the only entertainment was when he showed Rat Race haha, which we love (one of our favorite comedies).  He would talk to us when there was something we were supposed to be looking at, like when we passed through Boulder City and by the Hoover Dam, but otherwise he wasn't talking to us or doing standup, nothing like that haha.  I think he was as personable and funny as any other tour guide I've ever experienced, so putting comedy in their name is not really necessary since they're not doing comedy or anything.  Everyone looked absurdly bored.  Most people were sleeping the whole time.    I did like this tour because it saved us the trouble of getting ourselves there and back, and the 2.5 hours we had at the canyon was more than enough time to spend a lot of time at both points, Guano and Eagle, as well as eat, so I wouldn't worry about that.  Overall I think its worth it to go through Comedy On Deck to get you there and back on time and safely and be mildly entertained throughout :-)
4 We booked this tour via Groupon, and did pay the extra for the meals option, well worth it.  The tour was good but we happened to go on a very windy day, felt bad for the people on other tours who paid for a helicopter tour but couldn't go or get a refund.. Robert was our tour guide- he was knowledgeable, helpful and friendly but we did feel rushed.  I think that was mostly due to prior tourists who have pushed the boundaries of time.  Like other reviewers have mentioned, the tour's name is misleading.  As an alternative to driving, this is a good tour/value but I do think we will drive next time out this way.  If you do go, use the groupon but get it ahead of time because you must reserve your spot at least a week in advance.
5 We got a groupon to travel to the Grand Canyon west rim! We paid for the $20 dollars extra to have the food included and it was worth it! Both the breakfast and lunch where amazing and very filling!   The stop at Hoover dam was quick, 20 mins at most but it was more then enough time to get some Good pictures! Once we got to the Grand Canyon we had approximately 3 hours to get a look at everything! It was enough time to go to all 3 stops, take pictures, eat lunch, shop and even sit down and enjoy the view!  The bus was a charter  bus and it was not a bad ride at all!   We got back to Vegas at around 5 which was perfect timing! At the end of the trip we got two free tickets to go to Comedy shows!  We went to both shows and they where great! I highly recommend this tour, it was worth the money!
