4 delicious and fast! this lunch buffet left little to be desired.  there were two soups, a tossed salad with several dressings, including yogurt rice and something that tasted just like tzaziki sauce. lots of chutneys; pickle, onion, mango, and tomato, to name a few.  all of the vegetarian items were scrumptious. and i'll be darned if i can remember exactly what they had... spinach and chickpeas, and some curry potato zucchini dish. also, rice with vegetables, and plain basmati rice with which to soak up the curried yummness.  a co-worker gave her thumbs down to their tandoori chicken... but you'll have to try for yourself. it's well worth the adventure at only $8.39 with tax!
5 We're not normally fans of Indian food but this place was amazing!
4 Swagat is on the far west side of Madison.  The restaurant itself is part of a new strip mall just off of Old Sauk Rd.  The decor inside is nicer and newer than Maharaja's West and East side locations.  The food is pretty much the same as Maharaja's.  It's very, very good.  The prices are about the same as well.  The only thing I can really tell you is that if you are driving around Madison and you suddenly feel the need to have good Indian food you have three locations to choose from depending on your location.    Are you on the west side by West Towne mall?  Go to Maharaja's on Odana Rd.  Are you on the far west side by Old Sauk Rd?  Go to Swagat's.  Are you on the east side by East Towne mall?  Well then go to Maharaja's on Thierer Rd.    Easy.
4 Great weekend buffet ... we're definitely coming back!  Good range of options, stuff was cooked well, loved the service (attentive, pleasant) & most importantly  - the food tasted great .. as close as you can get to the real thing.
4 Solid Indian fair. Finally satisfied by authentic flavors. I also love the fact that they feature southern Indian specialties. If the dish names don't roll off of your tongue easily, don't worry, the very (very) friendly waiters will help you in recommending the good dishes.   Order dosa, especially if you don't know what it is. And don't forget to take a camera with you. It's a delicious southern Indian rice crepe with a neat presentation.   This place is on my "to go back" list for sure :)
4 My husband begs to go here on a regular basis. I haven't been to the lunch buffet, but everything on the menu I've tried has been really good. The husband has only ever ordered the chicken tikka masala and refuses to try anything else. ever. I think he'd pick it as his last meal.
4 I come here every single time I'm in Madison. Excellent Indian food at a very reasonable price!! The appetizer grilled fish is the best! Servers are very attentive and they always refill the food in the buffet.
4 My fiance and I always drove by this place and always said we wanted to try it but we are both not familiar with Indian cuisine so i think we were worried we may not like it.  WOW were we wrong!  It's delicious.   Great food, great service.  The menu can be a bit overwhelming but just ask one of the servers and they are happy to recommend anything based on things you like.  They ask the right questions!  We have been twice for dinner and keep telling ourselves we need to go back for their lunch buffet.  We were walking by the lunch buffet set up last time we were there and one of the staff came over and asked us if we had ever been to the lunch.  He then proceeded to tell us what all they serve and what's in it and that on the weekends they offer a lot more choices.  So helpful! We can't wait to go back for the lunch buffet!
4 Don't think I can ever go to an Indian restaurant for dinner again after this. Great lunch variety and the quality has always been good whether I sat down at 11AM or 2:30PM.
3 I picked up a couple biryani dishes and some naan for lunch.  The biryani was good although, apparently, the blander palate of Wisconsonites has affected their judgement.  I ordered "extremely hot" and took pains to explain that I know heat and wanted it so hot his grandpa wouldn't eat it.  It may have had a dash of pepper in it, but I'd give it "Mild" at best.  The naan was a little ho-hum.  I've had much better naan.
4 We got take out from this restaurant and ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Shrimp Korma that was recommended by Sarah.  We also ordered some bread recommended by the restaurant to go with this dish. They were friendly on the phone and pleasant at the time of pickup.  The restaurant is extremely clean from what I can tell from my brief first impression.   Everything looked orderly and well organized. They asked us what level of spice we wanted.  I chose medium expecting the food to be mild in spice as so many restaurants tone down their spice for the American palate.   I was happy to find the spice was indeed medium to my taste.  So if too hot is too hot for you expect a true approach to heat level by this restaurant. Both dishes were very good.  The chicken sauce was the better in flavor to my taste.   The rice came out of the box loose and cooked perfectly.  Nice job. We can't give this 5 stars as we have not eaten in house but for take out they did a terrific job and we will be going back.
4 Very diverse selection, and the staff is very friendly and on time with refills.  The buffet is a little pricey on the weekends, but the food is almost always fresh (just don't go right before they close, but that's the same with any buffet!) and delicious.  I would definitely recommend it!
2 Even with the somewhat limited Indian options in Madison, there are MANY other places in town that serve better food.    We went to the weekend buffet.  Selection was limited but more importantly the food was BLAND, REALLY BLAND.  How Indian food can be bland is beyond me.    The food was also only lukewarm.  By the time we got to our table everything was borderline cold.  While the service was acceptable you have better options for Indian in Madison.  Go elsewhere for good food.    The weekend buffet at Maharaja on Odana, while not perfect, is a much better choice.  PS  To 'Sarah H', to live in NYC for 7 years and to not have Indian better than this is almost impossible.
5 This restaurant is fantastic.  I love Indian food and this is the best in town.  I have sampled many of the items on their buffet and liked them all.   I like spicy and/or savory, so the food could please people that liked mild or spicy.   In spite of HEATHER C. saying this is  in a "NEW" strip mall, the shopping center has been there for more than ten years.  In the late '90's, Atlanta Bread Company was in the opposite corner, and Ashman branch of the library is also here.
4 I can't remember going to an Indian restaurant in the past, so I wasn't sure what to order. I took a chance with a chicken dish and it was really good. The service was also very good. I'll return here again!
4 Very good food. The starters are good. Huge selection. I really liked this place.. This is one of the best indian buffet places I've been to.
5 This restaurant has some of the best Indian in town. Their samosas are obviously homemade, and their chicken tikka is so good. My husband loves the hot vindaloo, with chicken. We take out from here all the time!
5 This is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Madison.  I always get the Chicken Vindaloo and my husband gets the Chicken Shahi Korma.  The ingredients are fresh and tastes authentic... love it!
1 The first thing that struck us is how cocky this young waiter was.He was probably thinking "WE AT SWAGAT ARE THE BOMB!!". Son, I just moved here from the San Francisco bay area.I know and cook Indian food and trust me you are NOT the bomb.Far from it. Food was OK.Nothing exceptional and definitely not what the reviewers here are going ga ga about but that is personal choice.We tried the chicken tikka and the vindaloo which was flavorful but definitely not worth the price we were paying. Quantities were not adequate for the amount we were paying.Is Indian food really that expensive here in Madison? The prices here are ridiculously overpriced for Indian food and every single Indian restaurant has the same price range for all dishes which would make me believe that they have some sort of Indian restaurant owners union that decides on what the prices are going to be!! Another thing that irks me is the inclusion of south Indian food along with your Rogan Josh menu which raised a big flag for us regarding the quality of the food. No serious Indian restaurant owner would EVER include a idli sambar dosa on a menu that has Rogan Josh or biryani on it.PERIOD! Just looking at the quantity of dishes on the menu and we knew this was going to be your below average Indian fare.Definitely not coming back here.Unless of course the prices go down..way down.
4 LOVE this lunch buffet. Never been for dinner (that's why I gave it only 4 stars and not 5). The buffet is always excellent. Lots of variety with hot dishes, tons of flavor. Always some beloved common dishes and some surprises if you're looking to try new things. (I've seen goat curry.) The waitstaff is helpful and nice, and hands down for me it's the best Indian buffet in the city.
2 Had carry-out once from Swagat. I may not be an expert on Indian curries, and I'm not usually one to criticize strongly, but I have ordered my fair share of saag paneer (favorite dish). In a word, bland...not that it wasn't spicy, but simply that it had basically no flavor. Bland enough that although Swagat is just down the road I have yet to be tempted to order a second dish. May try their lunch buffet someday to sample a range of their dishes, but until then, I'm underwhelmed...
5 The Paneer Tikka Masala here is literally my favorite dish at any restaurant ever.  The saag paneer, samosas, and verything else I've tried have been good too, but it's really hard to stray from the PTM. Service and atmosphere are mediocre, so I usually get take out, but the food alone merits 5 stars in my book.
5 From an Indian, I love Swagat!
5 Best indian food in town, Lunch Buffet is just AWESOME!!!
4 One of my favorite restaurants, I've eaten at Swagat many times for dinner and lunch, I've used their banqueting rooms, and I've hired them for catering.  It's good.  Really good.  With a few caveats - the lunch buffet is generally decent, but can be a little hit and miss, and a few of the dishes don't survive well under the heat lamps.  It's a fine enough way to sample a few things, but it's not the best way to experience indian food, because things don't always go together well.  Also, the default setting for spiciness is often "wisconsin spicy", particularly with the buffet.  However, they can, and will on request, bump up the spiciness (both the heat and otherwise).  Having the boti kabob at a spice level of what the chef said was "how he would eat it" was revelatory.  It wasn't blindingly hot, but it was deeply savory and complex in a manner that the "standard" spiciness wasn't.  Without asking,the standard spiciness can be a smidge bland.    Their menu is huge and features both north and south Indian specialties.  The north indian specialties seem to be the best best - the south Indian utthapam were good but the iddli were a little dry.   I've never had a bad tandoor dish there, though, and the naan is always excellent.   Service is almost always prompt and attentive.  Almost too attentive - it always seems like there's a waiter nearby trying to refill my water glass, which can be a bit disconcerting.  We hired them to cater our wedding, and it worked extremely well.  It was a big hit with our guests, the caterers showed up promptly with a nearly perfect amount of food (we had enough leftovers for a few lunches but we weren't swimming in leftover palak paneer), Mr. Singh was very friendly and helpful, setup was a breeze, and the price was quite reasonable.
5 I haven't found a dish I don't like. The lunch buffet is great, but the lamb curry is even better. My wife and I are huge fans.
5 Visiting the Madison area from northern Nevada, where Indian food choices are extremely limited. This was by far the best, most extensive Indian buffet I've had in the States. I lived in India for a year in the '80s and can't remember every single thing I loved to eat there, but I do remember spending many afternoons in Colaba in Bombay, eating Masala Dosas in a little upstairs restaurant. I'm always tickled when I find dosas on the menu at an Indian place, as it doesn't happen often.  We went out to dinner here, and our table of 6 let me do the ordering and recommendations. I was very impressed by the fact that when my husband ordered his meal "hot", they asked "Wisconsin hot, or India hot?" We're fairly adventurous eaters, so he said "India" and when he got it, it was definitely spicy. I wouldn't have wanted it much hotter, myself. I ordered the Masala Dosa, and  I wish the dosa itself had been a little crispier, but it was very good.  While we were eating, I saw a sign over the buffet that said Pani Puri! I was so excited - haven't had that since 1988 on the streets of Bombay. So, we went back for the buffet today, but no pani puri that I could see. After I tasted some of the other food, it didn't really matter. Nearly everything I tried was great! I generally never order Chicken Tikka Masala because we make it at home, and I almost never find a version out that I like better. When I eat Indian food out, I'd rather try the things I can't make myself. :) My husband tried it and said he likes ours better, so I didn't bother with it, as there was plenty else to enjoy.   Our waiter from dinner nearly a week ago saw us today and actually remembered that I liked masala dosas, which I find impressive. Even more impressive is that they had them in the buffet, too! Wow!  If we had a restaurant like this near us, we would be spending a ridiculous amount of money here. For those who like their Indian food more spicy (hot), all you have to do is ask. I personally feel this is a great representation of Indian food. As regards the price, I didn't find it excessive at all. I know how much money I spend at my attempts to make good Indian food at home (with all fresh ingredients) and figure you can spend what, $5-6 at McDonalds, getting a burger, fries and drink, or $10 for an all-you-can-eat tasty Indian buffet? No contest! Where we live, there's no way you're getting anything decent (ie - not fast food) for under $10 for lunch, so I thought the cost was absolutely reasonable.
4 I lost a recent lunch bet with a coworker, and he requested we settle the score with a lunch at Swagat.  I've only had Indian food one other time in my life, and that was in Chicago.  I thought I liked it, but didn't feel I would go too out of my way to seek it out in the future.  We arrived to Swagat at around 11:30am on a weekday.  The buffet was pristine - we were the first to arrive.  A friendly host seated us at a nice table, asked for our drink orders, and invited us to hit the buffet.  I'm not quite sure what I ate, but I can assure you it was tasty.  There was a marinated and baked fish appetizer, super fresh salad, a chili chicken dish, a wrapped potato item, mixed and seasoned veggies, and a deep fried veggie of some type - all were excellent, at least to my inexperienced palette.   My coworker indicated that it's his favorite local Indian food place - and he's Indian.  He said that he and his friends have found Swagat to be the most consistent place in Madison, but admitted they'd rather eat "back home" if given the chance.  I can only imagine!    As others have mentioned, the food here is NOT spicy at all - my coworker and I both enjoy a dish with some kick, and that was our only complaint - even when attempting to make things hotter, we failed.  So... if you're looking to give some tame Indian food a shot, be sure to visit Swagat's lunch buffet.  I'd recommend you visit on a weekday and be sure to arrive early - the place was incredibly busy by the time we left (around 12:30).  A buffet for two will run you $21.    I'll be back to this place, lunch bet or not.  Swagat = WIN  Service = 4 stars (prompt, friendly) Food = 4 stars (tasty; not sure if it's the real deal, but it's close enough) Value = 3.5 stars MISC = 3.5 stars (they just expanded their dining and bar area)
4 A tad pricey for dinner, but definitely tasty! The naan is served hot from the tandoor, and the chicken tikka masala is among the best I've had (although the "cubes" of chicken breast were more like large chunks). If you like paneer (Indian curd cheese), definitely try the paneer jalfrazie. Finally, the mango lassis are outstanding, with lots of mango flavor!
1 My family came in for the lunch buffet and it was literally the worst service in the world. After we finished eating we decided to sit and settle our stomachs before we left and literally not even a couple minutes later one of the waiters came up to us and said, " Aren't you ready to leave yet? We have people waiting so we need you to leave so we can clean the table."   Are you kidding me?! SERIOUSLY!? That was more than rude, that was unacceptable! I get that you're busy, but to push us out like that? We just finished eating! I guess all they really care about is the money, not the customers satisfaction.  Never coming back.
5 Swaggy P.  Where do I even begin.  This restaurant is amazing.  First, you need to go at lunch but that'll be obvious to you if you eat at Indian Restaurants as the buffet has a wide variety of dishes and like most it is inexpensive - $10.    That's not the reason to go to a restaurant though.  I'd pay $50 for this buffet, it's that good.  It blows Maharaja out of the water both with selection and taste and that's saying a lot as they are no slouch.  The service is friendly and the space is setup so that I personally feel more attended to than at Maharaja.  The na'an is great too.  Best dish?  That's like asking if you like the badgers or the packers better; it's all good.  The Tikka Marsala is probably tops though, and I love all the dough-wrapped entrees.  All the rice is scrumptious, and the curries are grade-A.  I'm overdoing it though, you just need to stop reading and drive there now.  On yeah and the fish is quite tasty; do not skip it.  Rivals Samba for my favorite restaurant in Madison, hope you like it as much as I do!
4 Great if you are looking for Indian comfort food.  Their lunch buffet was beyond reasonable in price and had a tremendous selection that was kept freshly replenished throughout the brunch time.  Skip the naan that they bring to the table and try the garlic naan on the buffet,  We feasted on so many vegetarian items as well as "grilled" fish (that appeared to be breaded, and was delicious), and some very tasty chicken.  The Tandoori chicken was a bit dry and the other was delicious, but breaded and fried.  So.. good comfort food.  Many more fried items than the Indian buffet I frequent on the Square downtown Madison, but very delicious.  The vanilla pudding with fruit chunks of pineapple and papaya is comfort food at it's best.  Enjoy when you are famished.
4 On a recommendation, we went to Swagat for lunch.  The buffet was a bit smaller than Maharajah or Maharani but a lack of flavor it was not!  None of us left hungry that day.  Service was acceptable and the food was hot and plentiful.  We went for lunch on a Saturday.  We paid $14 a piece, Dinner prices.  I will come back next time for lunch during the week.
4 This place is great!  We usually get carry out and the medium spice.  I have been to the buffet, but I have found it usually not as spicy as I like.  Still, the buffet is very good.    I recommend Swagat for Indian in Madison!
3 Still somewhat new to Indian food, but went with family as this is one of their favorite spots. The food was good and I would go with the medium spicy flavorful for the full effect. The waiters seemed nice
4 Went for the lunch buffet ($10).  Service was good.  They brought a basket of hot, fresh naan to my table and it was 5 stars.  The buffet itself, as others have mentioned, is hit-or-miss.  Everything isn't quite as spicy as it should be, so make sure to get some of the pickle, mango chutney, and spicy sauces to go along with whatever you have.   I'll have to stop by for dinner one of these days and I know I'll be going back for lunch.    Forgot to try the desserts so I can't comment on them.
4 It is very hard to find Indian restaurants that carry southern India options so I'm a fan of Swagat for that alone. Their dosa's are huge and filling for two meals, especially with an app. My husband ordered goat, and quickly remembered why he does not order goat out, typically very boney and fatty, which was the case for Swagat. All in all, we will be back for more dosa!
2 Tried this place once, small lunch buffet - really small - the vegetarian items were really salty. Service was ok, probably never coming back as there are better places to eat than here.
4 Love this place. Well worth the drive to the west side. I've eaten here about four times,  only for dinner. I've had their veggie samosas, chicken tikka masala, chana masala, chicken vindaloo, tandoori chicken, mango lassi, and naan. I've dined-in three times and was seated pretty quickly however, one night I came to pick up my to-go order on a Friday evening and waited about 30 min (which was in addition to the time they told it would be ready). At any rate, it's delicious food and is an establishment I will continue to frequent.
4 Most important fact you need to know: Swagat serves decent South Indian cuisine. You can find these items on the last page of their menu.   We ordered their masala dosa, which is a crispy savory crepe made from lentil/rice flour and wrapped around spiced potatoes. This dosa was the size of a leg of lamb. It came with a cup of bland but spicy soup, a welcome break from the dense filling, and two types of sauces. I will order this again.   It was my first time trying tamarind rice and it came with a creamy pachadi sauce. Eaten together, this dish was a series of senses-blowing contradictions that I didn't know existed. It was soft but crunchy, tart but creamy, fragrant but earthy. The rice was studded with these nutty seeds, or maybe just tiny nuts, which I wasn't sure I could eat at first. I imagined this is what a squirrel must feel like having just discovered premium-grade bird feed. My life is changed.   Their chicken madras, dark meat cooked in a sauce with coconut and herbs, came with rice. This was good, but I like almost anything cooked in coconut.   Service is no-nonsense and a bit detached. After the first 3 bites of food I forgave them though, and our waiter was nice enough split our mango lassi into two glasses when we said we wanted to share one.   Of course, the experience wouldn't be complete without a spoonful of digestive near the entryway - anise seeds and candy coated fennel seeds. I left with a round belly and looking forward to leftovers. I love a place where I can get two full meals for the price of one.
4 Very good. Could use less MSG, but a fantastic deal! The quality of food is pretty good, which is why I think it could omit the MSG.
3 This place gets three stars for it's dinner options, which are wonderful. However, I would call service here sub par. As in, if you are able to ever order a soda, do not expect to be able to flag down the waiter to get a refill...ever. I went to the lunch buffet once, and while it was ok, as many reviewers have said, the food is lukewarm. I also didn't like that the naan was covered in garlic/butter. And service at the lunch buffet was non-existent. I waited 15 minutes before I could order a soda. I still recommend this place to people, but just be prepared for long waits and less than average service.
4 Well, color me impressed.   I feel like I drove to the end of time to meet a friend, I was concerned about it's strip-mall-y-ness, but at the end of the day, I left fulfilled and felt like I got some decent bang for my buck! In truth it was a little expensive, 11 bucks as compared to the 6 buck buffet near my house in Tucson, but I'm told city comparisons are a yelpeve ;) so omit that editorial if you're thinking about dining. There are PLENTY of vegetarian options, and because I'm always weirded out by buffet meat, I was thrilled to see chick pea and lentil a plenty! I found it odd that the garlic naan was on the buffet but they brought regular plain naan. Sort of wish those were switched. And the salad is totally pass-over-able (a word?) as was dessert. My lunch date loves the mango ice cream, I'm concerned that it's a color that doesn't actually exist normally in this world.
3 Vindaloo, Vindaloo, Vindaloo, Vindaloo, na na Vindaloo, Vindaloo, Vindaloo, Vindaloo, na na Vindaloo, Vindaloo and we all like vindaloo  I had the chicken vindaloo for lunch and the portion size was good for two lunches. I tone down the spice at lunchtime because I have to talk to people for a living, but even the "medium" had a nice bite to it and the flavor of the vindaloo sauce is deep and rich.   However, I'm not impressed by quality of the chicken. There seems to be a lot of dark meat and pieces that if I were eating the chicken by itself, I would push aside. There are other Indian restaurants where the chicken is white meat pieces, and I strongly prefer that.   Overall, Swagat is a good place. The staff and ownership are friendly and they know what they're doing with the sauces. The lunch buffet is always a treat as well.
3 I love Indian cuisine so I was excited to try Swagat since I drive by it everyday.    First off the outside does not match the inside.  I was expecting more contemporary decor.  For me it was airy and stark.  Not a warm environment.  The buffet line was kept clean and full which is nice.  Everyone working were busy which is nice also.  Many restaurants have a gaggle of people just standing around but not here.  My only real complaint is that I didn't get my drink I asked for.  But my water was kept full.  Wasn't the best I have had but definitely the best I have had so far in Madison.
4 Excellent food, some of the best Indian dining in the city. They take the trouble to rotate different dishes at their lunch buffet, not just the same old same old.
5 I love ordering takeout from Swagat! And of course it's always best when you order a load of food and share with great friends.  This was some of the best chicken tikka I've ever had. Perfectly spiced and rich.   The samosas were delicate on the outside and a hearty mix of potatoes and peas on the inside.   The aloo mutter and chana masala were also fabulous! And everything was still piping hot after the drive home.  And of course, the best way to finish off Indian is with an order of gulab jamun!   Our total came to about $70, which served the seven of us dinner (we were stuffed!), and we even had some leftovers. Totally reasonable!
5 Been here several times for the lunch buffet and have always found it to be delicious.  I have had Indian cuisine a handful of times, and this is absolutely the best so far.  Several times I've been here was with Indian friends I work with periodically.  They agreed it is very good however some of the flavors are adjusted to match American tastes.    I look forward to my next visit.
5 In my opinion, this is the best Indian food in Madison. The service is also excellent. The prices are high, but that is the case for all of the Indian restaurants in town. I would recommend going to the buffet as it is the best value overall.
1 I am an Indian and I love Indo-chinese food. Was excited to see manchurian on the menu Worst Manchurian you can have!! The uttapam was very sour too! Had some chaat which was okay. I told the waiter that the manchurian was really bad and he did nothing about it. Do not recommend :/
5 Pretty darn fantastic! Lunch Buffet, great selection with all your Indian Classics along with some great apps & street foods!  Good service, great food, bargain.  Go, Becuz you will not be disappointed
5 When I visit Madison, Swagat is always on my list of restaurants. Always fantastic. Always friendly.
