5 Master Maui Saito has recently opened his new Dojo in North Scottsdale.  I've attend his school for the past 2 months, along with my 2 daughters, and I find his teachings are just excellent.    Maui is teaching us 40 different martial arts, along with Ninjitsu.  I've compared what we are learning with what others have learned from other teachers, and it's just not comparable.  We are learning to do things the exact right way, from the very begining, so that we can best defend ourselves, and avoid injuring ourselves in the process.
5 I have studied with Master Maui for over a year and am so impressed with what I learn class after class. The Women's Self-Defense class is one that keeps me feeling secure, strong and able to handle any regular life situations and/or challenges.   Master Maui is a true Ninjitsu Master, incorporating the spiritual aspect of the Art. As this art is 1% physical and 99% Spiritual.   The Kids class is absolutely the BEST! They have SO much fun!
5 I am not one to post a lot of reviews, and when I do I am brutally honest. So with that in mind, I have to say that Maui Saito Ninjitsu is by far the best and most unique program I have ever seen. My 7 year old has been doing it for just under a year and loves it. It is not your typical program where the kids stand in rows and practice moves of katas. Master Maui teaches them unique skills that would help them if ever caught in a bad situation. The kids are having so much fun that they don't even realize they are getting a valuable lesson. They are also learning how to focus when there is distraction and get out of dangerous situations. You kind of have to see it for yourself to truly get an understanding of it. On top of that, some of the moves they learn are amazing.. It doesn't matter how small you are for Ninjitsu to be effective. I have seen my 7 year old take down a kid who is twice his size and weight. It is certainly a great confidence builder and a way for kids to deal with bullies if ever put in the situation.  Now on to Master Maui... I can sincerely say he is one of the nicest people I have ever met and  his dojo like a big family. He is great with the kids and a fantastic teacher to say the least. You can tell he truly cares about the kids and loves what he does. He was taught Ninjitsu by his father in Hawaii, you can read the unique history on his website.   As I said, it is the kind of thing you have to see to fully get an understanding of it. I guarantee it is not like anything you have ever seen. We found it by chance when looking at different schools that were close to home. I am certainly glad we did and have no doubt my son will stick with it. I honestly can't say enough good things about the school or Master Maui... If you are looking for a place, I couldn't recommend it enough.
