4 I wasn't "wowed" the first time I came here, but I will definitely stop in here again. The girl that welcomed me was warm and friendly and even had a fashion humor....when I made a comment about the bodysuit they had stocked (yes, the colors were awesome, but it's a bodysuit!!! Didn't they go out of style with 90210?), she was able to laugh about it and simply say "they don't do it for me, but the owner is wearing one today and looks awesome in it." I just love it when people working at boutiques acknowledge that not everything in there is for everyone....so much more refreshing than the pushy fashion conscious salespeople that try to make you buy everything just because "it's so in this season." Sorry, body suits are not my thing - my mom didn't let me wear them when I was 13, and I am not letting myself wear one now. Thank you, oh thank you, wise sales girl.  The selection was a little sparse,  so I didn't even try anything on this time. However, I will definitely check it out again because they had some fun items and I can see finding something here at some point. The environment is comfortable and welcoming, and I think I spotted a jean corner....but my day of shopping is starting to blend together.
5 This is by far my favorite shop in the Valley.  Every item I have purchased here has quickly become a favorite in my wardrobe.  I would classify the clothing here as trendy/sophisticated and wearable.  Maybe I'm biased because it regularly stocks my favorite lines (Rachel Pally, Alice + Olivia, Trina Turk).    I don't know.  What I can tell you is that the girls here have always been amazingly helpful and genuine.  This store also has a great selection of jeans.  They also offer a service called Closet Therapy (they come to your house and weed out your closet for you and help you put outfits together) and host fashion previews and truck shows.
4 Eh...it was ok.  Maybe I just wasn't feeling the particular pieces that they have in stock now but nothing really wowed me.  The selection is limited, much smaller than Twist and Mahsa next door.  They do carry great lines like Rachel Pally and Karen Zambros but nothing jumped out at me. (Where was the Trina Turk?  I must have missed that.)   I will say that the jewelry selection did look quite good, very delicate pieces.  The sales associates were cordial but not nearly as friendly as some.  This wouldn't be my first stop in Scottsdale but I would swing by from time to time.
1 They may have some good clothing options but the people that work her are NOT friendly.  Regardless if you are the owner or work there... I came into your store to spend money... be nice is all I ask.  Because of my handful of bad experiences with the staff.  I will not return.
1 I'm not surprised this place is closing.  The staff was abrasive, the clothing was over priced, even on sale.
