1 The place is brand new and supposedly the "Famous szechuan restaurant from L.A." says the banner in chinese writing. I would have no idea it said this but it's what my mom saw when we were originally set to go to BBQ King across the parking lot.  We should have gone to BBQ King.  We started with a cold seaweed appetizer which was mixed with cilantro. This dishes flavor had a  nice pop to it because of the cilantro but the texture was mushy and overall- mediocre.  The appetizer  of cold chicken with hot and spicy sauce was okay. It really just looked like steamed chicken marinated in siracha sauce. It was rather disappointing really... but what can you expect when the exact translation of the dish is "saliva chicken." (gross)  The spicy lamb soup noodles came out in a giant bowl with almost a curry red and yellow color to the broth. It looked really promising. But then, when you got  a whiff of the soup, WOOOOO WHEEEEE! That's some game-y ass lamb! My mom and I each took two bites, and pushed it aside.  Her bowl of red braised beef noodles had very little braised beef and the giant bowl was really deceiving once you dipped into it for the noodles. I could have eaten a full 2 bowls of these portions in order to be full.  The restaurant is actually a step up in decor from most chinese fast food places. But... the waitstaff needs some serious training. Sure they smiled. Sure they took our order, but that was it. No checking back. And certainly no understanding of customer service when the food itself sucked. We sent back the lamb noodles and the waitstaff was totally puzzled. Like... this has never ever happened and they don't know WHY anyone would ever send food back. Even worse, the waitstaff didn't speak any english so outside of sticking my tongue out, squinting my eyes and pointing at the bowl of soup, they had no idea what was going on.  They still charged us for the lamb and didn't apologize or offer us an alternative.  We paid our bill and left. Done deal. I felt really cheated and bad that the one time my mom and I get some time alone to have dinner together we ended up here.  The only saving grace is that BBQ King was just across the parking lot and a bowl of wonton soup there could chase these szechuan blues away.
2 This place's name is deceiving!  It really should be called J&J MSG Cuisine.  I think their philosophy is "MSG saves us the trouble of learning how to cook".    The food tastes decent but it just makes me sick to know what the hell I'm putting in my mouth.  The fried intestines with chili peppers that I ordered were battered in MSG and fried to a dark brown.  Every bite I took released a nice pool of grease in my mouth.  Tasty!  The sweet and sour short ribs was better though at least and some of the cold dishes that are already prepared aren't as brutally assaulted by the deadly seasoning.  I would've given the place 3 stars if it wasn't for the rude people working there.  The waitress was rude, didn't check back even once, and came back to grab the check after it was paid for while we were still at the table...to which my girl said "not done yet" in chinese cause the tip still wasn't on there.  The waitress then proceeded to give my girl the eye...many times...scary!  Bring cash to this place if you plan on spending less than $25.  The last time my bill came out to $23.90 the lady told me she couldn't charge my card, even after I told her to just add the remaining $1.10 plus a few more dollars as tip.    "No we no can do that cos that tip money for them not for the restaurant."    Really, you stupid bitch?  Some people are so damn ignorant I swear.
4 I'm glad I didn't check out the reviews on here before embarking on J&J Szechuan. We arrived into Vegas and was craving some sichuanese food. Hubby remembered this place from our last visit so we thought we'd try it out.  We ordered a 3 item combo from the cold buffet table -- spicy beef and tendon, pickled vegetables with edamame and braised tofu. I ordered the 'shui joo niu rou' which is beef and napa cabbage cooked in a spicy sauce, as well as 'jiu tsai dou gan' which is Chinese chives with dried tofu.  The stuff off the buffet table was really tasty -- not overly salty, but also, not overly spicy either. I think the spicy beef at Yu Nan Garden is stronger in flavor. The spicy beef is a little greasier here, but sichuanese food is greasy, that's just the way authentic sichuanese cuisine usually is.  Actually we enjoyed every dish we had here -- but we liked it just a little more at Yu Nan Garden. 3.5 stars!!
5 another great review from Jon Curtas http://www.eatinglv.com/2009/08/j-j-szechuan-crispy-intestinesyummm/  Congratulations!    Not sure if I'm in for the offal, but I'm sure I can find something on the menu that's "offally" tasty, regardless....  Go, eat.
4 My friend and I were looking for just a simple Chinese restaurant tonight and came across j&j's. When we walked in we were surprised because it looked like an up scale Chinese reatuarant. The portions were family style and were more than enough for two people. I ordered the spicy boiling beef soup. Wow!!! It was spicy and good. The green beans with ground pork was incredible also. The only thing that wasn't great was the rice, it was under cooked. Our waiter didn't speak any English which was fine, there were several items on the menu that we didn't know and asked him and he wasn't able to tell us. So we ate thing we knew which was fine, we just wanted to try new dishes too. My mouth is still on fire after the soup. I would come back again for sure.
4 Authentic Szechuan cuisine....yum!  Drove by and went in. Lucky choice.
4 So I've been here two times and both times I've left with a somewhat numb tongue, but I'm perfectly ok with that.  If you don't like spicy, they have mild dishes, but I like spicy so this place is great.  I really like the cold bar that they have, and I like that they change it up somewhat every now and then.  It's also probably some of the most reasonably priced food in the place, $4.50 for a plate with 3 choices.  When it comes to their hot food, I really love their lamb dishes.  Yes they can be a little oily, but I think that the flavor is spot on.  I like letting it sit on the rice for a bit as it cools so that the rice picks up the flavor.  Also, this place can go very "traditional" on you, in that they serve offal.  I've had the tripe here, and I was pleasantly surprised by it.  It wasn't very chewy and didn't have that gamey flavor that I'm used to with tripe.  On the whole, I would definitely come back here if you don't want the traditional Chinese food restaurant experience, although they do have those dishes for the non-adventuresome eaters.
4 Went back here yesterday for a second time and ordered some extra spicy chicken and fish boiled in hot sauce... and this dish is just fantastic for anyone who loves spicy food! We also had the lamb fried rice and the beef chow mein, both delicious and the portions were so large we were able to take a bunch of food home and eat it again for lunch today.   The prices are just a tad steeper than your average Chinese restaurant; however, they are pretty reasonable for the quality and quantity. Excellent deals for lunch special, just make sure you get there before 3! We arrived shortly after 3 and they wouldn't make an exception for us ;) ...  The only disappointment was the service. Our waitress was on her phone the entire time... when we wanted to order food we had to get up and call her over because she was text messaging, then she didn't check on us once the entire time.. and when we wanted to-go containers and the check, she was talking on her cell phone so I had to get up and go get her again :-/. The worst part was... we were the only table there! The first time we went here, the service was good so I did not subtract a star based on one bad experience.   We will continue to go back for sure!
4 One of my favorite celebrity chef's : Anthony Bourdain, claims that Szechuan Chinese food is his favorite. While I love spicy food.. I didn't know if I could handle it.  We decided to give J&J Szechuan Cuisine a try and I am really happy I did. We got there on a quiet evening with only a couple of other tables in the restaurant so the waitress was fully available with our choices. We ordered some beers, checked teh menu and I headed directly up to the cold food bar. A sign stated "3 items for $4.50" It looked like a delicious challenge and I am always in the mood for one of those.   Among the selections available were cold chicken feet with a spicy sauce, chilled seaweed salad and cold cucumber with garlic and peppers. I skipped the chicken feet, this time, and went for the seaweed, cold cucumbers and chilled spicy tofu.  Back at the table we ordered ground pork and crispy green beans, mushrooms in a brown gravy and spicy crispy chicken and hot peppers. All really good, and all very very spicy. I loved it. My dinner date loved it.. we will be back!   It was my first taste of Szechuan, but I will be on the look out for more. Hope to see you there!
5 It is the BEST Chinese restaurant within a 200-mile radius. I can't think of a good Chinese restaurant in L.A that's equivalent to both the food and decor there beside Duck House in Monterey Park.   Their food is so tasty and is creative too. Try the pork slices hang on a wooden lift. I had to ask them where they got the wood thing as I had never seen one like that before in America. The answer was - they got it in China. That tells how authentic they are. Speaking of that, don't expect it to be a regular Chinese restaurant you would find that has poor service, disgusting hygiene and out-of-touch decoration. It is in fact a more upscale one, nothing like those in Chinatown. But that doesn't stop them from offering some good lunch special deals.  My genuine recommendation: if you're in Vegas and craving some Chinese food, go to J&J. It's not on the strip but you'll be amazed.
4 We love us some szechuan!  We ordered our usual that day:  fish boiled in chili sauce (be aware that it's oily), fried chicken with szechuan chili (you do not eat the chili and the dish looks spicier than it is), and I don't recall the third dish...but everything was good.  I don't think it really stood out.  I like my dishes spicier, and a good restaurant would do that while maintaining the flavor.  However, this is a good restaurant, and next time we go back, I will try the pork slices on the wooden apparatus and the cold dish buffet!
5 The best Chinese food I ever had here in Vegas . I will comeback and bring everyone  , thanks to my Chinese friend that took me there
5 We had a craving for some authentic szechuan cuisine, we wanted spicy spicy spicy.  This is where we ended up and man were we happy.  We knew we had to get the spicy boiled fish because that is always my favorite, but we also got a spicy chicken dish that was "dry" and just tossed with a ton of chiles and szechuan noodles.  Of course the fish was fantastic and obviously my favorite, but everything was great.  I loved the chicken, very spicy in that way that only szechuan peppercorns can be spicy, and very crispy and crunchy. It was like the best chicken poppers ever :)  The atmosphere is what you would expect and you get free hot tea, they do serve beers but not much else in terms of liquor.  I had a milk tea that was delicious and we walked out happy, stuffed, and not too much poorer.  I will be back soon!
2 Probably the best Szechuan I've had. Thank GOD I didn't see the roaches crawling on the wall, napkins and dishes until after we were done.
4 This is a great little gem.  Never expected to find such authentic chinese food in Vegas.    Ok...truth be told, it isn't really punishingly hot as it is persistent.  The spiciness is there but it's not immediately overwhelming.  The numbing feeling and the chili oil stick on your tongue though.  After 5 minutes, I was dying.  I've had spicier things before but the feeling dissipates...here it sticks around.  For that reason, I can't take their mapo tofu.  I did like their hot and sour soup, kung pao shrimp, and the shredded pork with bamboo shoots.  I've never seen bamboo shoots like they served here but man they were good.  Tender and not chewy or stringy at all.
5 the dish was excellent and the cold dish five stars. as good as California chinsesefood. yummy.
5 I would highly encourage everyone to ignore the negative reviews. This place is delicious and very well priced.         I enjoyed a delicious order of spicy chicken and Szechuan noodles. The chicken was succulent and the hot peppers provide just the right amount of spice to warmly my tummy. The Szechuan noodles had a delicious vinegary tang which complemented the overall texture of the noodles. All in all food was 100% delicious.  I look forward to returning and sampling more of their menu.      The restaurant itself is not exactly Joel Roebeccions but seriously, it's China Town. The service was adequate however neither of the staff members spoke very good English and when I asked for something with Szechuan peppercorns they looked at me like I asked them to invent cold fusion on the spot. Again...It's china town. It's fine.  If you hate the variety of life don't come here. Otherwise enjoy.
4 Definitely underrated and unknown among yelp with only 22 reviews as of Mar 2014.  I visited J&J a good 4-5 years ago and now recently returned.  I prefer Japanese and Thai when I eat Asian or if it s Chinese, I prefer southern food but the Szechuan spicy hot pots are delicious.  Sometimes you just need some msg kick! The spicy chicken is really good here. It's salty, spicy, and MSG-y.  If you don't like chicken on the bone you won't like this dish but I'm like a dog chewing and sucking on the bone getting every spicy salty MSG drip out.  The spicy hot pots with lamb, beef, or shrimp is always a good staple and I always order some variation.  You will need 2 rounds (big ass bowls family style) to curb the burn.  I left and had to drink lots of water but it was worth it.  Come check out the under appreciated J J!
5 Everytime we come to LV for business, we definitely come here! It comforts our Chinese stomach
2 Really disappoint！not like traditional Sichuan food! Only taste spicy no other flavor. And they really ridiculous!! They write tips for me! And ask me for signature! ! I think the tip is what I want to pay, you have no rights to write it for me! 一点也不好吃。还要强加小费。单子拿过来的时候小费已经写好了。直接跟我所要签名。我觉得小费应该我们自己来填写。你这么做是觉得我们消费者没有素质不给小费？！
4 Close to the authentic Szechuan Cuisine. But then again I haven't yet have had authentic Szechuan cuisines from China, not have I ever been that I can assure authenticity in my opinions. They good tho!
