3 The beer was pretty good (not great) and the place was nice. They serve some of the beer way too cold.  The place is big and has a pool table in the back and dart boards in the front. They must make a good amount of beer- their production facility is decently sized.  Pizzas look good... I will go back sometime to try 'em.  Happy hour is (I think) 3-7 and $3 pints.
5 This place is a hidden winner.  I'm going to award it the mighty 5-stars under the assumption you go on a brewery tour like I did.  Having been on a brewery and winery tours I can easily say this was far and away the best tour I've ever taken, nothing else even comes close.    The guy giving the tour was as he admitted not the usual fellow who gives them but he said he was starting to give more and more and hopefully for you he does.  Unfortunately, I cannot remember his name at the moment he is one of the brewmaster, a short little guy and a hell of a nice guy and great at making the tour interesting and keeping things really loose.  If you haven't been on brewery tours before, they can somewhat boring after a while, unless you are really and I mean really passionate about it.  It's a lot of tanks and containers.  While Ale Asylum has these elements the fact that we got to walk in between the tanks, get up there and see and smell bubbling yeast, the bottling machine, really walk among the facility was a kind of closeness I've never had before.    Additionally, the tour comes with free drinks, what isn't amazing about that?  In order to even enter the brewery area, everyone by guide order HAD to have a drink in hand.    The beer itself is very flavorful, as someone who also writes the occasional beer review too, the various styles of beer they have are all quite robust in their flavor with strong bodies and a good but not overpowering finish.  Their porter has a nice coffee roast to it, the summer ale is refreshing and light, and their IPA is a mother of a IPA, great if you like a really hoppy one.  Overall, none of their styles is tremendously different from its designation, the porter tastes like porter, the wheat ale like wheat ale, the snozberries like snozberries but all of them are really great representation of their respective type.  I was fortunate enough to also get to snack on a pizza which had a surprising amount of spice to it, a nice treat.  Much better than typical bar food and pizza that could hold its on.  This tour was great if you haven't been on one before and want to this is the place to do it.  There were folks on our tour who were actually on their second tour of duty.  I can't testify to how it is in the evening but it's more classy and cleanly presented inside than most bars which again sets the AA apart.  It's a nice looking place inside, with a nice staff, and some nice beverages and eats.  Yeah, a visit to the Ale Asylum...NICE!
4 I'm not a beer connoisseur by any means, but this place definitely has some unique brews. I tried the 10% Triple Nova and the Ambergeddon and both were fantastic. I didn't give this place a 5 only because I was there for a short time and I don't feel I'm an expert on this style bar, but if you're looking for good beer this is definitely a place to stop.
5 Excellent beer and pizza -- NO televisions, which is good  update -- no longer serve the same pizza, but beer is still best in town
4 I'm happy that America has made a name for itself in the brew world with their brand of crazy-hoppy IPAs.   Unfortunately, IPAs are usually too bitter for my pallet, and my distaste for them has made me question my patriotism.  It has also kept me from venturing to the West, land of the IPA, more than once a year.   Thankfully, Ale Asylums IPAs have taught me a thing or two about IPA appreciation.  Somehow, their IPAs have all the hoppyness without any of the grapefruit-esque bitters.  I don't know how they do it, but I'm all aboard their train. choo chooo
4 I went there on a Sunday afternoon with some friends for a pint and ended up spending a couple of hours there with some pitchers.  The bartender was nice and the music was great.  The beer was amazing.  I had the pizza which was not great, a little gooey and not great crust.  I know they do sandwiches, but they don't offer them on Sundays for some reason.  The patio has a terrible view of the Fed Ex building and a gas station, but the interior is comfy and inviting.
4 Ale Asylum gets my vote!  I visited Madison on a business trip this past week and I didn't know my way around at all. I found out about this place thanks to Yelp and decided to check it out.  The location was a little different from what I expected but because they're brewing their owns beers, I guess it makes sense they're in sort of an industrial warehouse. Form what I can tell their beers are popular too because they were loading kegs by the dozen onto racks for shipping. Pretty cool to watch!  I sat down in the sun on their nice, spacious patio and was immediately helped by the wait staff. I asked for recommendations and the waitress seemed to really know the menu well. I selected a beer (which was really really tasty) and then ordered a pizza.   Another review I read mentioned that the pizza was "not great...gooey.." but that must have been a bad day! This pizza was awesome! The crust was perfect - a little crunchy but not hard. In fact, what I liked best was that the pizzas were unique. I tried the pulled-pork, rosemary and cheese pizza. It was really, REALLY good!  I definitely recommend this little spot for anyone who wants a refreshing beer and a good pizza. They also have a cheese plate and deli sandwiches.   The bill was shockingly cheap too! I expected it to be about 2x more than it was.. another bonus to eating here I guess!
4 Very good microbrewed beers (the bartender and waitress, on two different visits, were great at explaining how the different brews were different and what was good about them) and excellent little gourmet pizzas.   The noise level can get high, but is IS a bar.
3 Really weird industrial park location.  Maybe it's easy to get to if you're familiar with Madison public transit, but I'm not, and it seemed a bit boonies.  ANYWAY, if you're not an alcoholic looking to get trashed this shouldn't be a problem... it's not exactly far from anything, just not exactly near much either.  Except a meat testing facility.  More on that later.  Must give kudos for being an independent brewery.  Beers were solid, but not outstanding.  Food choices were not many (4 options, of which 2 were depleted).  I liked the pizza we ordered but my boyfriend wondered if it was a frozen Tostinos.  But it's about the beer, not the food.  They have couches.  I like couches.  They have a free pool table, I like free AND pool tables.  They have a patio.  I like drinking my beer outside, except when it's in a cloud of smoke and accompanied by wafts of what our waitress told us was a smell coming from the meat testing plant next door.  GROSS!  What the hell is that about?  I've got a high tolerance for the unsanitary and am far more comfortable at a dive than a high class joint, but that wigged me out a bit.    Moral of the story: good, not great beer.  Stay inside, or get your beer to go.
5 Executive summery: Go!  This is everything I want in a bar or in Ale Asylums verbage a 'tap room'. Here's a break down of each star.  First star: The beer. Each  is an excellent exampe of it's style. While you may not like every style none will let you down. Second star: The vibe. Good chill music on rotation. Not too loud not too lame. Always a good crowd.  Third star: Hand in hand with the second... no TVs. This isn't a sports bar. If you come here be prepared to engage real live people. Fourth star: Free pool. Only 1 table but it's a beauty. Star five: The beer. God I love the beer.
5 Seriously great beer.  I did the sampler while I was there.  There was not a single beer I didn't like, and the servings were much bigger than on the usual sampler.  Madtown Nutbrown, Diablo and the banana-y Hefeweissen were delicious. Very limited food selection.
3 I love local brews and spent a Saturday with my dear friend checking out a few breweries around the area. Ale Asylum was my least favorite, mostly because the beer is "beer beer" it's boozy, hoppy, and packs a serious "thwap" to your insides. I'd come back if I had friends who wanted to check it out, but wouldn't necessarily come back on my own volition.
2 I've come to like (perhaps even love) Ale Asylum beers, so it was with great anticipation that we ventured in to the HQ this past Sunday afternoon.  And things went downhill from there.  How can you have a bar and a decently-sized dining area, serve drinks, serve food, and bus and clean tables.... With ONE employee?  Seriously, they had one girl running the entire show. No wonder our table was sticky and grimey. No wonder it took 15 minutes to get a beer (while standing at the bar, no less). No wonder we left after a single drink.   Sigh.  I want to like this place, but with 35 patrons and a single worker, the equation doesn't favor Ale Asylum.
2 Okay, this review is service related and is not a reflection on the beer they brew at the Ale Asylum.  I actually love the beer.    The service at the Ale Asylum is some of the worst I have ever experienced...any where.  Out of five servers working on a busy Saturday evening, three acted like customers were annoying them to order anything.  Even after the rush died down, one bartender in particular would stand at the spickets across the room and flail his arms at the few customers remaining as if to say, "hurry up and order already!"  This experience was not limited to me, there were others in my group that had the same impression.  One female server was actually mocking various people as she walked behind them, in plain view of other customers!  This was all before 8:00 p.m.    The bar is basically located in warehouse next to an airport and has a terrible internal traffic flow when crowded.  If you are over 25, save yourself the aggrivation of being treated as if you are blessed to be served and buy their beer in a local store.
4 this is by far my favorite local beer. the location of the brewery/restaurant is a bit weird, but the place itself is pretty solid... cool decor, friendly bartenders and (duh) great beer. the menu is small but everything is yummy.  i am anxiously awaiting the return of their tripel nova.
3 I currently live in Minneapolis and work at a brewery.  I grew up in the Madison area, so when I go back home, I like to stop here and get beer to bring back.  I will admit, I have never sat down to eat/drink in this establishment, just to get beer to go.  Having said this, my review will proceed.  First the positives.  Their beer is good.  I love the hop explosion in the Hopalicious.  If I remember right, they do 11 different additions of Centennial hops!  Yum!  The Madtown Nutbrown is always a favorite to bring back (especially if you are not a hop-head).  It is a full-bodied and flavored brown ale that satisfies the palate.  Their list of seasonal brews is hit or miss, but that is the idea with rotating seasonal beers, and I usually find something to bring back.  Seasonal beers will never satisfy everyone all of the time.  I like going in to try new beers, and never fail to leave with something new to bring back to Minneapolis.  If the beer stood alone, I would give it 4 stars.  However, it doesn't.  I give the service 2 stars.  Like I said before, I have never sat down to eat/drink here.  Working in a brewery, we like to have people try different beers.  Hopefully they will find something they like with a little guidance, as many people have not tried specific beers at the brewery.  If they do, maybe they will buy some to go, or at least come back, and hopefully with friends.  When I have been to Ale Asylum to purchase beer, I have gotten rude and unhelpful service.  The last time I went, I asked the bartender what seasonal beers I should try right now, hoping to have a conversation and allow him to "sell" me something.  He threw me a list and said, "let me know when you've figured it out."  He did not have the time nor desire to help me, even though I was one of about 8 people in the establishment.  I literally got no advice or explanation other that the limited one on the list.   Although my experiences have been slightly disappointing, I hope things look up.  I love the brewery culture!  I love helping others enjoy the same things I do!  Unfamiliar customers need this assistance in order to appreciate the product offered.  I will be back to Ale Asylum, but hopefully with a friendlier and more helpful environment.
5 Great Madison beer.  Have not met an Ale Asylum beer that I don't like.
2 I just didn't like any of the beers.  We got the sampler and they were all really not very flavorful or good.  I wanted to like it, because microbreweries rock, but I didn't.
4 This place is more for eating than drinking. That being said, they do have pizzas and sandwiches, and the pizzas are personal-sized and have a lot of interesting toppings. The beer is FANTASTIC. Hopalicious is one of my all-time favorites.
5 I go to MATC and the Ale Asylum is in walking distance. A few classmates and I decided to go there for lunch once instead of boring cafeteria food at MATC. BEST idea ever.  Turns out... we can get a way better meal at Ale Asylum for the same price as a crappy defrosted cheeseburger from the cafeteria. It was great. I had the pulled pork sammich. It was delicious. Definitely looking forward to going there more often next semester.
4 I have now been here two consecutive times with fantastic service!  Friendly and knowledgeable.  If it keeps coming, so will the stars.  Hopefully they got rid of the other life-hating bar manager.  Thanks for stepping up the service Ale Asylum!
5 Love the staff, love the beer, love the patrons.
5 A regular stop on our way to Madison to visit our daughter.  Ballistic IPA is a solid IPA, available in six packs or growlers.
4 The beer? Killer. The food... Meh. The pizza, while local (Falbo Bros), is pretty pedestrian... Although the pulled pork got rave reviews from my party. Go for the beer... The rest is gravy.
4 Ale Asylum is in an unassuming industrial park type of building, but I don't really care because I wasn't planning to hang out in the parking lot.  Entering the Asylum you first encounter the bar.  It is a nice combination of wood and metal.  The stools are comfortable and there is a chair rail.  My wife was pleased that there were hooks for her purse too.  The complete lack of TVs was a pleasant surprise too.  The food prep area is the right side of the bar.  So if you sit on that side you will find yourself observing sandwich making and frozen pizza baking.   The food menu is very limited.  It consists of 4 sandwiches and about 10 specialty frozen pizzas made by a local business.  I had a tasty ham and havarti sandwich, some garlic, cheese sticks that were actually a pizza crust with cheese and tomato dipping sauce.  I also had the chicken enchilada soup.  The fresh baked cookies was good for my sweet tooth also.  The food was OK, but definitely not the reason to come to the Ale Asylum.  I prefer a limited menu to none at all though.  I like to eat while I am spending a day getting beered.  I tend to avoid places without food.  So getting to the beer...  I ordered the sampler which included all 10 of the beers that were on tap.  Hopalicious--American Pale Ale, surprisingly smooth and hoppy Tripel Nova-Belgium Tripel Ale Bedlam-Belgium-style IPA, true to style and tasty Ambergeddon-West Coast Amber Big Slick Stout- Oatmeal Stout Bamboozleator--Doppelbock Sticky McDoogle-Scotch Ale Gold Digger-Blonde Ale Madtown Nutbrown- Nutbrown Ale with a hint of malty sweetness Hatha-Weizen-German Wheat, with some nice banana hints  The 6oz sample sizes were generous, but in line with the $2 per sample price.  All of the beers were good.  I could have done without the Gold Digger as it was a typical yellow beer, but still better than a macro brew. My favorites  were Hopalicious, Bedlam, Bamboozleator, and even the Hatha-Weizen.  One interesting thing to note is that all of the beers were very smooth drinking and I was surprised to find that the alcohol content was higher that my tongue was guessing. The staff of Ale Asylum was friendly and accommodating.  Sometimes they seemed a little too involved with some of the customers that were regulars.  Maybe I am just jealous that I couldn't be a regular.  Throughout the day that I spent at a Ale Asylum, I covered the different areas of the bar.  I started by sitting at the bar.  During the late afternoon we sat on the patio and listened to the woosh of traffic going by.  Luckily there was a fence that blocked it from view though.  Later on after it started raining, we moved to the leather couches in the lounge area.  I am a pathetic pool player but we bounced a few balls around the the vintage table with the leather pockets.  I finally ended the day back at the bar.  There are growlers and some six packs available for takeout, but remember that Wisconsin has some crazy law that prevents them from selling it after 9PM.  I had already had my fair share of the beers over the course of the day, so I didn't need to take any with me.  Overall, I enjoyed my time at the Ale Asylum.  Good beer, good atmosphere.  I would definitely come back if I was in the area.
4 The Ale Asylum. Did the brewery tour last summer, it was really good!  Very casual and laid back.  Our guide was knowledgeable and entertaining. The place is a little out of the way, which is a good thing in my opinion. If it were downtown, it would have a much different vibe. The food is not bad, but a little spendy for what it is.  Service has always been good to me there. Not sure I'd call it a dinner destination, but it's awesome for lunch
5 You get an invitation for a barbeque from Judas Priest, but once you arrive, you find out it's actually Kenny Loggin's house.  It throws you off for a minute, but then hey, no big deal. Good times.   I was a little surprised by Ale Asylum's setup.  Their beer angles for an edgy image.  But their brewery is so clean, so smooth.  What I liked most about Ale Asylum was their flights of beer, which included hefty sampler glasses of all their drafts. Usually you get 3-4 ounces in a taster, but these guys had to be about 6-8 ounces.  Also, their beer is more distinct than most breweries, and each type has a particular flavor that sets it apart  from others within its respective style.  For example, at our table we had multiple people who typically hate Belgians, but they still managed to like the Belgians here.  Ambergeddon, Big Slick Stout and Mercy were especially excellent.  I put their beer in the same league as Three Floyd's, and they're the best I've tasted from the Madison area.  Also, an important point in light of other comments: our server was really eager to provide prompt and continuous service.  She didn't appear to mind at all our ongoing and pathetic game of Euchre.  The pizzas were pretty good, but the beer is obviously the main event here.  Lastly, if you take a cab here, be ready to guide the cabbie to the location, since it's a tough place to find at night, especially if you're unfamiliar with the neighborhood.
4 Firstly, I was a huge fan of Ale Asylum's beer offerings long before I discovered their brewery is only about 10 minutes from my home. The impression that you get as you pull into the parking lot almost sets a false impression of what is to be seen inside. The brewery's current location (apparently they're moving next summer) shares a large building with other businesses, and the outer appearance gave me the impression that the inside would look like some sort of industrial park. When I entered, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the setup on the inside seemed to accomodate to a variety of bargoers.  They have a traditional bar area, some tables nestled in for appetizers, a lounge area with large couches and leather chairs, and a few tables set up for those who prefer to stand. A great aspect was the fact that they offer free pool at their pool table. While this may appear to the more fickle of pool players who don't want to pay $1.50 per game (in my case, a game that I am just under mediocre at), but because there is only one table patrons would play 2 vs. 2 against complete strangers. This inspired some to have open dialog with people they would not have otherwise spoken to. I find this appealing, and slightly endearing. After all, to me, the point of going out to a bar is to interact with people.  As you would expect, their beer offerings are out of this world. The sampler is a great way to show how diverse the Ale Asylum beer selection is. It is also great to get into the tap room because there is at least one draft that they only offer at the brewery itself. The only complaint (and it's a slight one) is that in the 3-4 times that I've been there, it is sometimes difficult to get consistent service from the staff. On one occasion, we hadn't seen our server in about half an hour. We went to look, and found her at the bar drinking. Evidently her shift had ended, but she did not let us know so that we knew to flag down her replacement for our drinks. This, however, is a very minor complaint.  Overall I cannot recommend this establishment enough. As bars go, their music selection, beer offerings, and atmosphere appeal to a large variety of patrons. I'll continue to go to Ale Asylum, and can't wait to see what the future brings with the new location!
5 I am happy they had a nice selection, I had grand cru and a imperial stout- something quite heavy, but well balanced. The service and customers were friendly & helpful and the pizzas looked incredible. Parking was a little hard to come by on a Saturday night.
3 Stopped in today for a beer and some food.  The beer was good enough, but the food was just okay.  I had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and a cup of their soup of the day which comes with beer bread.  All were okay, but I did really like the smell of the beer bread.  It didn't taste especially beery, but had a nice smell to it.  The sandwich was pretty standard, not bad, but not great.  I'd stop back in, seems like a fun enough place.  One thing I did notice is that all their pizzas are just frozen pizzas, and that actually makes up a large part of their menu.  If they worked on their food more, that would be awesome, but I can understand if that's not their primary goal.
4 Finally made it to Ale Asylum on a recent trip north to Madison. As is the case with many brewpubs, this one can be found in a commercial/light industrial park in a nondescript building. No bother because I'm only interested in what's inside. I would have thought they might have had some more interesting house varieties (not available in bottles), but I found all the standards only so I opted for the very trusty Hopalicious. The outdoor patio was inviting this early-summer evening with attentive waitstaff keeping us well-hopped. Shot a piss-poor game of pool inside, but it was nice to have something to do besides sit on our hineys and inhale beer.  We didn't have the chance to try any of the food offerings, but the pizza everyone seemed to be enjoying looked pretty fantastic.  Can't wait to get back, but hope they might consider introducing a few more daring or rare varieties to those who seek out their brewpub.
5 Great craft beers.  Try the havartti  and ham sandwich, it's awesome!
4 Had already eaten so was in for the rest. Brick red (not red brick) walls, exposed duct work, clear finish over a polished metal bar, some nice stylized framed logos on the walls, and a window to the brewery where you could watch the bottles being filled and capped. Nice room and nice touches. Even a sturdy wooden rest over the whizzer in the men's room for those who can't bear to part with their beer while parting with their beer. My kind of brewpub. Daniel and Jillian were behind the bar and special thanks to Daniel who expertly took care of me during my stay. I generally go for the more aggressive brews but this guy had some nice, more subtly brewed stuff that had some real depth of flavor. Liked the Big Slick Stout (nice chocolate nuances), the Happy Ending (and who doesn't like a happy ending?) Belgian Abbey Ale, and the Bedlam Belgian IPA really hit the spot. The Hopalicious American Pale is their biggest seller and while having a very round mix of different hops I personally like mine a little stronger (given: it IS an American Pale). I'm not much into blonde ale but going back to it after some of the heavier choices gave me a better appreciation of it's taste. They have lots of merch, and wonder of wonders, they have it wrapped and ready to go, handy, and organized. HOLY SH*T! Others take notice if you're trying to sell stuff and get your name out there. They're getting ready to move to a new larger location closer to the airport. I hope their new room retains the character that this one has. Judging by the way it's run and staffed I can't imagine that it would be otherwise. Kudos to a well thought out, staffed, and organized operation. Slainte!
4 The Ale Asylum has many of the things one would be looking for in a local brewery/taproom:  - Quality regular and seasonal brews (usually 8-10 on tap at any given time) - Very friendly bartenders and staff - A comfortable bar and lounge area with pool, couches, etc. - A cozy patio with an abundance of hops encompassing the deck and walls  Other than the somewhat isolated location (though that will be changing soon) and forgettable food (the focus here is on the beer, which is just fine) there's really not much that could be improved upon.  Cheers!
4 They had 9 beers on tap and we chose to do the beer flight which included all of them in a generous size sample.  It was 18.00 for the flight which comes out to only 2.00 per sample which is a pretty good deal.  We had never purchased their beer before and we were pleasantly surprised.  We really enjoyed the gold digger blonde ale, hatha-weizzen, mad town nut brown, and bedlam.  They have a nice bar area with a couple tables and also bench seating area.  They have shirts, pint glasses, hats, etc for sale.  A t-shirt cost us 18.00.  I also noticed some hard liquor choices available at the bar.  They are expanding this fall of 2012 to a new location.  The plan looked really nice with a great upper and lower outdoor patio area.  We will definitely have to make another trip to ale asylum in order to see the new place.
5 If I could give this place more than five stars I would, I mean I really would. It is just that good! (Is anyone as excited as me about the completion of their renovations?)   This place has some of the best beer on the planet, you may not find that your particular beverage of choice is on tap, but just like food, beer is seasonal. For me it is all about their belgians...strong, tasty, and ultimately dangerously tasty. For those who simply can't decide where to begin, they have sampler platters available.   Also, they have some of the most hard-working bartenders I have ever seen here! They must have type caffeine+ blood because they just don't stop. Don't hesistate to ask a kind question, they will let you know everything about that beverage while simultaneously pouring you a sample and straightening your tie.   They also offer some good, simple dishes here at very reasonable prices. Pizzas are great because they are so shareable and always have such fresh and unusual ingredients, although they offer soup and sandwiches as well...  With beer this good you could serve it to me in a leaky basement and I would still give this place five stars! (Of course their facilities are impeccably clean and lovely!) Drink beer here; this is all you really need to know.
3 A-OK really sums up this place, as there are some really good and not-so-good things about Ale Asylum that average out to Ok. I'd go back, but not sure it will be a regular hangout.  A couple of thoughts-  Yes, the beer is seasonal and they're going to run out. Our waiter did a good job of letting us know what was/was not an option. Love the creative beer names.  The food- pizzas are pre-made by Falbo's and so are not customizable. But, if you like them as they come from the freezer, they're not half bad. The spicy sausage and Buffalo chicken were our favorites. The walnut-goat cheese pizza had a tomato based sauce, which did not complement the toppings at all. A much better choice would have been either a light pesto, a cream sauce or, even better, just olive oil and garlic.  There is a short but functional wine list for non-beer fans, and spirits are also available. So, if you're here with a group, pretty much everyone can find something to drink.  The place is cavernous, and so a little bare and cold. There is seating upstairs that looks much more cozy and overlooks the brewing area and the main bar, I'd rather have been up there. The main level is pretty loud, even when fairly empty. A bonus for two, yes, two outdoor patios.
2 My attitude about Ale Asylum was a little bit skewed as I walked into their bar on Saturday.  When I first heard they were opening a new location I was very excited, but when I saw the ginormous building going up on Packers Avenue, my excitement peaked to giddiness.  Sadly, Ale Asylum missed the mark on a few key upgrades that were missing at the old location.  Ale Asylum may have become their own worst enemy.  With their beers available in bottle or on tap at many popular Madison restaurants, they needed to make their new location something really special.  Though the new building and in-house beer are special, the food and service are lacking.  They really needed to step up their menu.  When I heard a few months back they were hiring a kitchen manager, visions of a delicious and sinister version of the Great Dane menu danced through my head.   Unfortunately, all I got was a large font, one page menu of salads and sandwiches.  Yes, they have pizza too, but it is all pre-made by Falbos Brothers and brought into the kitchen to be cooked later.  Meh.  I'll pass  Drinking their spectacular beer usually makes me hungry for a yummy treat, so I went ahead and ordered their fish tacos.  Sadly, the only side available without paying more was chips and salsa.  Really?  Chips and salsa?  That's the bare minimum I would expect from the low-quality fare at Pedros.   I upgraded to the side salad for an extra dollar, and got spring mix with two pale slices of tomato, diced red onions, and shredded cheese straight from the bag.  Again, meh.      The tacos were light and delicious, but lacked some seasoning.  I would definitely order them again if I found myself there again.  The roasted beet salad was also plentifully sprinkled with cheese and beets, but sparsely dressed with their vinagrette.  I shared my dressing from my salad, which made my co-diner's experience more enjoyable.   Another note:  We were there around noon, and the bartenders were drinking pretty consistently the entire time we were there (about 2 1/2 hours).  Very unprofessional...but it seemed like managers were around, so I guess they aren't very concerned about that.  Overall:  Sorry Ale Asylum.  I would rather go to a better restaurant that serves your beer than your own brewery.  I'll consider coming back if I hear through the grapevine about a kitchen and staff upgrade.
3 First off, I am giving this review three stars instead of the two stars I REALLY want to give, just because it is related to service and food only--not the beer. This is a brewery, so beer is their #1 concern(as it should be) and it shows.   I don't drink beer, but the others that were with me do, and said it was good. The beer is four stars, but everything else is two stars at best.  The service was horrid, and the food was mediocre. We were seated outside, and they were understaffed because they had "technically closed the deck for the season", as our server told us. It took forever to be able to order once we were ready, and we waited somewhere between 30-40 minutes after we were done eating just to be able to get the check and LEAVE. We went inside to flag someone down to get boxes, and she said she'd bring them--and didn't. So, one of us went inside to get them.  I ordered the beet salad. The menu lists "spring mix, roasted beets, roasted corn, chopped onions, and pistachios...lemon juice and olive oil, topped with goat cheese'" I got no pistachios, or nuts of any kind. They added mandarin oranges, and the greens were SO overdressed that the salad was soggy within five minutes. Seriously? If your menu states specifics, I expect THOSE things on my salad. For $12, I expect accuracy, and not a limp salad that i just push around the plate. I would have said something to our waitress--if I had ever seen her. Two others got the pizza, and it wasn't horrible, but not something we'd order again.   Bottom line: I won't be back, but might send people here for post dinner beers.
2 Had a few hours to kill on Sunday so we stopped by Ale Asylum for a couple beers. Off the bat, we were pretty disappointed to see there were no tvs anywhere. Since the place just opened, I asked the bartender if they were planning to get any and he replied with a pretty snooty attitude that this was a tasting room for a brewery, "not a bar" - like they were somehow above bars by not having football on (on a Sunday in Wisconsin... wtf?)  The manager also concurred that this place was somehow better without tvs, implying that we should be more interested in conversing with them than sporting events.  He then informed us there were hundreds of other bars in the immediate vicinity where we could do that, to which I gladly chugged my Hopilicious, ate my pizza (which was ok) and bounced.  The beer is good, but it's nothing you can't get anywhere else in Madison.  The food is edible but nothing to go out of the way for.  Unless I was specifically going for a brewery tour, there are many better places to grab a drink, enjoy a game, and not have to deal with the uppity staff.
5 I like you Ale Asylum, I do. (Sorry it took me so long to tell the world).  I just returned from Woodman's with some bottles which reminded me I have yet to write a review for your space.   First of all, it's HUUUUUUUUUGE! 43,000 square feet I believe. And I've heard they have the ability to expand with demands to well over 100,000 square feet - nuts! While they weren't yet brewing/bottling when I was there, it was still cool to walk the floor and eye over the incredible machinery that blankets the space. Strategically placed windows mean you can see a part of the operation from almost anywhere in the tasting room and tables and chairs are laid out in a way that makes the place feel open and airy (which it is).   Now let's get one thing straight here fellow Madisonians. It's a tasting room, it's not a restaurant, it's not a bar, it's not a nightclub, it's not a lounge, it's a tasting room. I'm bemused by reviews that single out the food as not being so great... just go there and drink! If you're looking for some fierce food head to one of the bajillion restaurants that serve Ale Asylum on tap. The place is for trying taps, chatting with co-workers, letting your hair down... I don't think it was built with the intention that it was going to win culinary awards with a cornucopia of food options for every palate.   I dig the Ale Asylum orange paint that's long given them a hip edge, there's a cool commissioned mural on one wall and outside when it's warm are awesome planters that were made locally with reclaimed wood.   All in all, it's a great place to chill after work or er, uhm when you should be at work!
1 Poor service, bland food, no TVs to watch game. Avoid at all costs.
2 The seating situation is crazy.  The host kicked us out of an open chair but refused to seat us somewhere else.    Good beer, poor customer channeling.  The branding is great for a microbrew, but something clearly needs to be done to make the dining experience better.
4 I really enjoy visitng the Ale Asylum with friends for causal drinks.  Love the beer and have never been disapointed by the food.  That is the main point of going out, there, right??  Well, this last Friday night was some what of a different story.  Everything was fine, except for our server!  We were sitting on the bar side of the tasting room, at a large table, and after I got my first beer, I asked if I should pay now-- just out of convience to the guy so he didnt have to run 8 seperate tabs.  He replied in a VERY condescending tone "Um... this is called table service.  Im running a tab for the table."  Oh. Excuse me. Being in the service industry myself, I just let that one go.  A while later, my friends and I ordered another beer, they ordered darker beers and I ordered the lighter style (which I might add, is just as tasty as the more hearty styles).  Upon returning with the beer-- the "friendly" server proceeded to tell us (in the same condescending tone)  that I ordered the beer for "People that dont like beer".  Is it just me, or should a server not bash the product he is selling--especially at the place the product is made???  Its been a week and i am still confused by this guy. He either had it out for me, has no respect for his tipping customers or just woke up on the wrong side of the bed.     I will be back to the Ale Asylum for sure, but will steer clear of this guy and his tables, unless I feel the need for a little bash to my self esteem.
4 Food was great, bloody mary and long island were awesome. Yeah I ordered a bloody mary and long island at a beer place... deal with it.
4 We stopped over to the Ale Asylum on a Saturday afternoon. It was a game day, but they have no TV's there so it didn't get crowded until afterward. The space is open and airy and their beers are top notch. Our servers were very friendly but once the game was over and the crowds surged in the service was a tad slow. The food was OK, but it's a brew pub and I didn't expect a gourmet meal anyway. The only complaint I had was the obnoxious amount of douchebag parents-about-town who had their enormous baby carriers and bags of Cheerios and spit-rags clogging up the dining area. This place is about beer, and the other patrons don't want to hear your bitch-ass crotchfruit screeching and whining while you try to ignore them over a pint. Leave your shitty children at home. This isn't Chuck E Cheese. Cheers to the Ale Asylum!
3 The beer is excellent, but there are a few drawbacks to visiting the brewery.   1. There is no flight options, just pint or half-pint options of beer. It is my belief that breweries and flights are like peas and carrots (whatever FGump meant by that)  2. You can't purchase mix-n-match 6 packs. I don't understand the logic behind this.   3. The food is average. You are running a brewery, not a restaurant, so focus on what is best and brew and serve great beer.   4. It is rather dark in spots of the venue, not a huge negative, but good napping ambiance.    As a whole, staff is friendly and beer is great. They have Madison classics (Nut Brown and Ambergeddon) and also hop-tastic beers (Hopalicious and Jackson double ipa).   Visit, enjoy the beer, avoid the food, and ask for a flight even though it's not available.
2 Go for the beer. Eat beforehand. I took the hotel shuttle so I would not drive buzzed. If I had taken the rental car, I would have eaten elsewhere. The menu is short and uninspired. Service was so-so. I don't see why so many reviews mention the decor; it's nothing special. Very causal but nothing to go out of your way for. Hidden treasure? I don't think so. The beer was great.
2 I've always had a great experience coming here in the past, and had heard good things about the new food menu and location.  I was recently here with a large group of friends, and we had planned on spending our evening there. However, the service was so poor that we decided to call it a night much earlier than planned. It took ages for our food to get there, and the waitress barely helped our table at all. It was a struggle to even get a refill on my water. I don't recommend this place...disappointed.
4 This was one of those cool brewery hangouts that I really enjoy. The place had a feel where you could just chill and drink all day. I can't comment on location for locals, but having just flown in town it was pretty awesome. Right near the airport. The building itself is quite massive. Still, it's the beer that is great. I tried 2-3 different beers and each was potent but full of it's own nice flavor. This place is a must to check out.
4 I've been meaning to get over to the new brewery and the recent snow storm afforded me the perfect opportunity. Why? Because my S.U. was flying into Madison and was stuck getting de-iced on the runway in Chicago. I figured, hang at the Ale Asylum brewery, bring my laptop because they have WIFI (the airport doesn't) and wait it out with a pint of Hopalicious.  What a spot! Open and airy, nice wood. Several different areas. You could get lost in this place. I had heard that I shouldn't expect much of the food but I had a more than decent pulled pork sandwich and a fresh pint of Hopalicious. They have a wall behind the bar with sign for each beer that they brew. If it's lit up, they have it.  The place was pretty quiet  for a Thursday night, there was a snow storm after all. I was told that it's usually packed on Thirsty Thursday. While I considered having a second pint, I didn't. Not because a second flight would have caused me to drive too slowly and swerve around on the road, the snow and road conditions made everyone drive like they'd had a few too many, but I saw on the flight tracker that the S.U. was in the air and due in 15 minutes.  A great space and an awesome place to wait for the call that says, "We just landed, meet you out front".
4 Forget what you thought  you knew about Ale Asylum - any poor experiences are sure to have been left behind in the old building.  The new place is spectacular, in nearly every way.  Met a group of friends for a birthday dinner; our group of 10-ish assembled slowly in the bar area as we waited for a table to become available.  The new bar area is spacious, slightly noisy, but very easy to hang out in.  The bartenders were on their game - we never waited more than a minute for a beverage; prices were more than fair.  A few of us strolled around the brewery; we ventured upstairs to where we could look into the brew house/warehouse section.  And while we didn't get seated there, I was impressed by the upstairs area - there were couches, a separate bar, and a slightly more quiet feel to the space.  We were summoned to a table, where a friendly, attentive, and competent waitress took excellent care of our group.  Things were delivered on time; the appetizers were excellent - we enjoyed nachos, chips and salsa, and mozzarella sticks.    Entrees ran the gamut - fish tacos, pizza, pork sandwiches... I didn't hear any complaints, nor did I see many left-overs, so I take that as a good sign.  This isn't gastropub fare, but it's no slouch.  After spending a few hours at the joint, I left happy and content (and a little inebriated... those Ale Asylum brews pack a punch!).  I'd definitely return!  Ale Asylum = WIN  Food = 3 stars Service = 4 stars Value = 4 stars MISC = 3.5 stars  Quite honestly, this was probably a 3.5-star experience, but all things considered, it couldn't have gone any better, so we'll bump them up to 4-stars.
4 I never went to the old Ale Asylum, but have been a fan of their beers for a long time. Hopalicious is one of my go-to beers, and Ambergeddon is another fantastic beer.  I headed out to the brewery two weeks ago with a friend of mine I haven't seen in a while. I happened to have the specialty brew when I was there which was the Blood Red Ale. I also happened to have three of them. Believe it or not but this wasn't my first beer, but you'd have thought it was after drinking those in a small window of time.  The brewery/tasting room has their neat art/beer designs up on the wall. The bartenders are quick and courteous. While I did not eat when I was there, I did notice (before those beers took effect that is) their waitstaff seemed to move quick as well. The way the kitchen is set up is a bit awkward, as you can see into as you walk in. The back portion of the dining room also has an awkward amount of open space that needs "something" back there.   All in all, I had an incredibly enjoyable evening (not sure I had to reiterate that part) and will be back. I am just not a fan of the haul it is for me to get out there, and if I plan on those three beers again, I am going to need to make more friends that don't love beer as much as I do.
3 I visited the new location when I was in town on business.  I liked the vibe, hospitality, and food.  However, I found the beer not especially remarkable.  I wanted to like it more than I did.  Ambergeddon and Hopalicious are OK, but there is tough competition among craft breweries these days.  But because I liked the place, I intend to go back and sample other of their beers.  I hope to find my niche.  Don't let my individual pallate discourage you from going...please go and enjoy!
4 I love their beers. I had their brown, porter and stout... all excellent. The food was really good too, especially considering that they have not really been in the serious food business for a while. I feel like I should give them 5 stars because they are not trying to do too much, but their menu is still a little limited. In the end, how can one not like a place that makes a point to let us know that all of their beers are vegan.
5 Went to the new place on Saturday.  Kind of swanky looking on the inside and warm.  Beer was great, I LOVE Hopalicious!  Our group of 8 ended up getting a nice spot upstairs around the couches.  Staff was great, everything was great.  Highly recommend
4 Finally had a chance to make it over to the new location--pretty awesome!  For what it's worth, I think they are, without a doubt, the best brewery in the entire state.  Cool digs, free pool and great beer. They had a one-off on tap when I went--a very drinkable session beer which (I think) was classified as a Belgian pale ale. It was nice, had subtle hints of coriander and orange, and was totally delicious. Ballistic was the standout--you know, because IPAs are where they shine.  I will absolutely go back for food. Until then--Ale Asylum's brews will continue to remain in my fridge.
4 After reading all the glowing reviews for this place I'd be a fool not to bookmark and plan a future visit!  I did just that and once again Yelp community I thank you for another recommendation because this place was great.  There were a few things that I didn't completely dig but all in all I had a great experience.    I went here on St. Patrick's Day and for some reason I didn't think that would be a problem.  Get this however, it wasn't.  After being somewhat disappointed that this place was more of a restaurant and less of an actual full on brewery with tours we went to the front to get a table.  Even though this place was packed we were seated right away.  As I walked to the table I remarked to the hostess how busy they were and she noted that for a Saturday they were actually pretty light.  I made a mental note to not try this place on a Saturday lest my idea of this place change.  Anyway, we were seated and greeted almost immediately by our waitress.  She was nice, tatted and fit with the cool decor of the place.   We started our meals off with the nachos and I ordered a light wheat beer.  The beer was actually really good.  My disappointment however was with our appetizer.  First I think the nachos with the salsa were $4 or so which of course isn't bad.  They also bring a huge portion of nachos which was great!  What they don't do is provide nearly enough salsa.  I mean it was tiny.  It was so tiny that we would have needed at least 4 more to finish the nachos off.  And of course when we wanted additional salsa there was an additional charge of $3 which is damn near the price of the nacho basket.  It seems kind of sneaky to me.  If you want me to eat less nachos don't bring so many.  If you want me to pay more for nachos just increase the price. Don't seduce me with a large nacho basket with salsa that isn't enough for a quarter of the basket.    My other gripe with this place is that when they brought my side salad which by the way was really good they didn't even ask me what type of dressing I wanted.  I am not sure if it is because they only have one type of dressing or if she forgot to ask but either way I ended up with ranch even though I would have preferred Italian.  With the salad dressing it was the same issue with as I had with the salsa.  The little black condiment container they use was only half full yet I had a pretty decently sized side salad.  There seems to be someone in the back who is somewhat stingy with the condiments.    It sucks that this place had those types of issues because it really marred what could have been an excellent dining experience.  With all that said however the fish tacos that I had were top notch!  They were perfectly seasoned and the tortilla was nice and warm.  The man ordered some kind of flatbread burger that he really enjoyed.   He did however have the same gripes that I had though his major gripe was that he considered the portion size to be a little on the small side. I think restaurant portions are getting out of control anyway so I had no beef with the portion size.    Would I go here again?  That is a great question.  I think so.  I really enjoyed my dish and loved the beer.  I would however stay away from the nachos and see if I could somehow finagle my waitress to provide a full serving of the Italian dressing.
3 Stopped in for a quick bite and a beer. Beers are delicious and a good price. We had a pizza which was tasty. The ambiance is a bit stale and a little overloaded on the merchandise for a local Brewery. We were hoping for something a bit more low key and creative.
5 Just opened new facility is AWESOME.  First of all, I love beer. They have it all: plenty of different kinds to try and all brewed in house.  Second of all, the food is pretty good too (although we weren't planning on going for the food). They have tons of vegetarian options and it's much tastier than the sparse offerings at other breweries.  The atmosphere is awesome and is perfect for a mid-day treat or a Friday night out.  Overall, I highly recommend stopping if you haven't yet.
5 New place is *amazing*.  While I was fans of their old place, the new one outdoes it in every way while retaining the "small and cozy" feel that made it such a great place.  It's somewhat divided into the bar area, seating / restaurant area and the lounge area (2nd floor, complete with the couches from the old place).  As a result, it never *seems* much bigger, even though it definitely is.  Beer is obviously the focus, which is why the food, even though it's good is still pretty limited.  Sandwiches and pizza (and chips/nachos) are pretty much the extent of it, although it's all very, very good.  Basically the owners don't want to turn it into a full-on "bar", which is why they don't serve burgers or fries, and why they don't have TVs (yes, no Packers games on Sundays in the fall).  They want it to be all about the beer, and to me it totally succeeds.  It's personally my favorite place to drink on the East side.  That being said, if you're looking for a greasy burger and football, I'd check out some of the other fine establishments in Madison.
5 Had 2 Belgian beers that were on tap. Pork nachos were tasty. Great service.
4 Ale Asylum just knows what it is doing.  Go here for the beer, stay for the surprisingly good food.  I generally don't expect good food from a brewery, but after they moved to the new location they really stepped it up in the food department.  The menu isn't extensive, but it is good.  It's a perfect excuse to sit a little while longer and have another brew.     I fault it for being a bit too loud at times, especially late evenings on Friday night or weekends.  I must be getting old.  And the last time I was there the waiter didn't seem to know what was going on and was a bit rude.  This was an oddity though as usually the staff is good.    That being said, I was and am not discouraged and will be going back.
4 More a review for the product itself, since I haven't stepped foot onto the actual premises (yet). I'm sure that'll change next time or two I head out to Mad-town to visit one Mister Corey D...  Review! Ale Asylum! Wisconsin beer!  ... you betcha it is, and it's flippin' tasty, to boot.  In all honesty, I wasn't a super-fan at the beginning. I think the first brew I tasted was the Ambergeddon, and I was sort of one the fence about the whole thing.  Enter: Satisfaction Jacksin. Game over. Double IPA for the win. I mean, I do love double IPAs as a rule of thumb, but this one is up there. It's in the top ten, and that's a big deal. It's really good.  Follow: Contorter Porter + Madtown Nutbrown = delightful and drinkable darker brews for fall and winter months. (I'm a seasonal drinker, what can I say?)  Can't wait to visit the brewery itself, take a tour, and get even better acquainted w/ the Ale Asylum family of suds!
5 I finally visited the Ale Asylum's new location! I met friends for a drink and dinner. I am always a fan of Ale Asylum's beers - Hopalicious & Mad Town Nut Brown are my favorites.  I was pleasantly surprised with the food. Our group had fish tacos, a southwest salad, and a pulled pork sandwich and there wasn't a bite on any of the plates at the end of the meal!   Ale Asylum is a great place for happy hour & snack/dinner for sure!!
5 The AA's new location rocks. I love the look and lay out. The beers are always excellent and I have yet to try an AA beer I did not like. Next time we will try out the restaurant.
3 If you haven't been here since they moved to their new location, give it a try again.  It's worth visiting now even if you're not a serious beer fan. Good sandwiches and salads. The only real drawback is the noise level.
5 Two words ...GOLD DIGGER!  Go get ya some.    Took the day off to sneak behind the cheddar curtain to check out some Wisco beers in Mad town.  I've been to a few breweries but this is the first one where I had a hard time choosing a favorite one.    We did have the chips and salsa with a side of guac.  Wait.what salsa, didn't even touch it.  The guac was fresh and fantastic.    The bartender was friendly had an awesome sense of humor and made the time we spent there even more enjoyable.      I love the bar area, didn't see the dining room but the bar was slick and clean.    Extra bonus points for having a very cool selection of shirts with slick designs.    Well done guys, well done.  See ya soon.
5 What a difference a month makes. A month ago I left a bad review after a culmination of several visits/experiences - Ale Asylum's response to my concerns were swift and immediate - I received contact from Hathaway and Jillian. They took time to listen and even referred me to Otto, co-owner, who asked me to visit with him. Their collective concern was genuine and meaningful. I was impressed and grateful that my comments and concerns were invited and respected. Yesterday we stopped for a mid-afternoon sandwich, served at the bar. The welcoming and charismatic attitude was infectious from the start. It was nice to see staff and patrons enjoying themselves, the great beer, and excellent food - served with enthusiasm and genuine interest. Kudo's to Hathaway, Jillian, Otto and everyone at Ale Asylum - the beer you create is something Madison and Wisconsin can be proud of, your food has always been creative and tasty, and yesterday your staff made visiting Ale Asylum fun again. Thank you. I look forward to visiting again soon. Take a few minutes to visit Aly Asylum and enjoy the experience - I believe you will. Ask about the new brewery tour.
4 This was my first visit to the new Ale Asylum and I was very pleasantly surprised.  Every beer I tasted was great and the food was amazing.  It's a great place to meet up with friends and unwind after a long day at work.  Lots of parking and conveniently located.  I'm definitely coming back!
5 Best. Brew pub. Ever. The new space rocks! Great patio area. Oh yeah...the great beer doesn't hurt either.  :)
4 we visited ale asylum for the first time this past weekend, im a huge fan of their brews and decided to check out the menu.  the menu is small which we actually prefer(smaller menu=better crafted food) I had the chix avocado wrap while my girlfriend was between the spicy black bean burger and the pulled bbq pork sandwich.  my wrap was very tasty and different from what you might think of a chix salad wrap as no mayo is used.  my gf was happy she went with the black bean burger as recommend by our waitress. we will definitely be back for the beers and food.
3 This brewery by airport is pretty popular and has much better beer than the place that everyone seems to go to downtown. The bar area is large and there is a nice outside patio for good weather days. The staff is super nice and accomodating and will let you taste beers if you are unsure of what you want to drink. They do have a taster special and that's the way to go if it is your first time here. I ate here but the food was nothing special - it's acceptable if you are just having a snack while drinking.  Pro tip: you can buy their signature beer by the case. Apparently people love it as I saw quite a few people just stopping in to get beer.
4 Ale Asylum runs a very informative tour which includes a pint of your-choice beer and a smaller sample about halfway through - all for $5.   You have to buy tour tickets in person. We showed up at 2:40 on Sunday, paid our $5 and were touring by 3:00. I called ahead of time to make sure there were spots available.   It wasn't the most fun brewery tour I've ever been on (Lakefront in Milwaukee) or the most in-depth and personal (Capital in Middleton) but I'm glad I went and I am happy to support local breweries. I'm sure I'll be back to hang out in the tasting room.
4 Good selection of beer.  I recommend the Mad Town Nut Brown.  Service is good and they have a good selection of food to choose from which is a plus from some other breweries.   Highly recommend this place. Stop while in town.
5 The Big Slick Stout is great.  I had the Cuban along with others who had the pulled pork, pizza, and ham and cheese and everyone liked every bite.  The wait staff was very friendly and informative about the menu and the area.  A great place to take family, friends and or clients.
5 Stopped here for happy hour (mon thru fri between 3-6 pm for $1 off pints and $2 off pitchers.) before my flight. Awesome decor. Very tasty hefeweizen. Food menu is limited. Enjoyed the goat cheese salad, shrimp ceviche, gazpacho. Sat at the bar and thought the service was fast, efficient.
4 8/17/13 took in the upstairs balcony with friends.  It's the Ale.  What more needs to be said?!?!
3 Good beers, decent atmosphere, skip the food.   (+/-) The atmosphere screams motorcycle bar with lots of steel and metal work.   (+) The beer was great. We sidled on up to the bar and did a flight (nice big pours (+)), but the food was lackluster (-). The shrimp ceviche was disappointing and service was pretty average, but this place beats Great Dane hands down for more creative and interesting brews.
5 Oh, Ale Asylum, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:  1. The beer here is fantastic.  And high in alcohol content.  Bonus.  You can try nice sized samples for a couple of bucks.  Perfect for taste sharing.  Or not. 2. The food is great too.  It's a small menu, but it's a quality one.  I mean, you're in Wisconsin so you know there's at the very least good sausage and cheese on there. 3. The brewpub is just cool looking.  Even their menus make me feel cool. 4. They've got an awesome outdoor patio.  There's nothing to look at, really, but it's big and open and has good service.   5. Pretty much everything Ale Asylum sells has something metal on it.  Rock on. 6. You can get glasses, apparel, and beer to go at the bar.  Boom.
4 My brother is a huge fan of this place, and I can now see why. Although their place is huge and a bit chaotic, their beer is fantastic. Their Belgian IPA is one of, if not the best of its style I've had from the US - a perfect blend of Belgian notes with fresh crisp IPA. And their Double IPA is also quite stellar. I cannot wait to return and try more brews - definitely worth a stop.
5 We stopped by asylum for a flight of beer. The service was great and very helpful. The appearance of the facility is urban and sleek; it has a great atmosphere. They have a very traditional craft beer selection with IPA's, Belgians, stouts, and other ales. No fruit beers, however several have lovely fruit aromas. Overall, we are very pleased with this brewery and would love to return for a full tour.
4 I came here for the first time last week  with a friend for a quick beer before my flight. The staff was very friendly and recommended a few of the beers to us. We tried 2 of the beers that we'd never had before and were both really happy with what we got. The prices were also very reasonable (~$4 for a pint). I loved the ambiance - it's very open and spacious yet comforting at the same time. We didn't try any of the food, but I definitely want to come back so I'll have to try it then!
3 I had lunch here with some business associates during my recent travel in Madison.  Sadly, we did not have beer with our meals, so this review is strictly based on the restaurant/food at this place.  We were seated by a large window that overlooked the brewery, so we got to watch the beers on the conveyor belt go by Laverne and Shirley style while we ate.  Everyone at our table ordered the soup of the day, Beer Cheese soup with Kielbasa sausage.  I have to say that was the real highlight of the meal.  The soup was a great consistency and you could taste the beer - but I could have done without the Kielbasa in it.  I ordered the steak salad as my meal.  It was okay, but the steak was well done and was more than a little tough.    It would probably have been a different experience and better meal overall if I would have had an icy cold beer to wash it down.
5 Great variety of brews to choose from. I prefer the ales but whatever you choose it will be very good. Cuban sandwich is also and great bite to eat.
4 This is a solid tap room. Great waitstaff. Solid food choices. It is tough not to like this place. The beer choices are outstanding. I had the hot ham and havarti with the claim chowder and bacon soup. Wow. Just wow.  Definitely worth it. The garlic spread is straight fire. Nom nom delicious.   Also the flight... six 6oz pours... hello! Thank you Wisconsin.   And to top it off they have 3XL dry goods.
4 Review is for the beer. Stopped in during happy hour waiting for my flight and decided to go with a sampler set. Six cups, six ounces each for $15. Generous amount and great hoppy beers. Friendly staff and the food does look tasty. Nice looking tap room and ambience. A must stop if you're by Madison.
4 Top three high/lowlights  1) good microbrews 2) gluten free options available 3) inexpensive  Went to Ale Asylum for lunch on a Saturday and was seated right away. I can't drink beer but Ale Asylum brews are well known in Madison and get great reviews. Our server was really nice and got me a gluten free menu right away. Unlike some places, the gluten free menu shows you not only which items are already gluten free but also how you can make substitutions to other items to make them gluten free. I ended up getting the ham sandwich on gluten free bread with a cup of the soup of the day (split pea). My friend got the pulled pork sandwich and a salad. We both thought our meals were good but nothing super special or note-worthy. Overall, I think Ale Asylum is a great place to meet up with people for a drink and apps but maybe look elsewhere if you are looking for a great meal.
4 A few of the great things about living in Madison are the huge selection of fantastic local beers and amazing restaurants. Ale Asylum has definitely found a winning combination in their new building - serving up some of the best beer in the country and offering a great selection of delicious sandwiches, pizza, and snacks to go with it.   It's loud, busy, and rather insane some nights - but definitely worth it for the ridiculous selection of their own beer they offer on tap.   Few things make a long, hard, week come to an end better than a fresh pint of Mad Town Nut Brown and that is ultimately what will keep me coming back time and time again.
5 Very good.  Service was great, place was clean, and staff was very friendly.  Beer was very good, but I knew that going in.  Food was the surprise.  I had a sandwich which was good and chips and salsa was a great side item.  Mom had a steak salad and she leapt say how good it was.  Bad points no music and a small table, but I will be bak often.
4 This was a stop for a couple cold ones. Parking was easy. It's upscale industrial looking on the inside. Nice crowd. Food must be ok because it was flying out of the kitchen. I had something dark from the tap that was really good. This is a nice place to hang out with friends. It wasn't to loud so you could talk to people. Crowd was mixed so it appeals to all ages.
4 Traveling through town and found this brewery.  They had a good selection of beer and I really enjoyed the fish tacos.
4 I stopped in with my Dad for a quick beer after dropping my wife at the airport. As we entered we were greeted by an excitable fella who enthusiastically invited us to join him for a brewery tour. The tour was $5 and it included a beer in the bar and a tasting during the tour. The brewery itself is an impressive operation, and you know how the beer tastes. If you go on a Sunday I recommend taking the tour.  As for the place itself. Yes, it's large, and the atmosphere is as "restaurant/bar packed into a warehouse" as it looks, but the people were friendly and the seating in the upstairs lounge was super comfy. If you have time, check out the Ale Asylum for yourself.
4 The beer selection was good. The only beer not available at the time was the double IPA. Very nice facility. I split 6 tasters with a friend. The tasters are very large for a taster. All beers were good, the wheat beer (unshadowed)  and the tripel (Tripel Nova) were my favorites and gave a 4/5 stars on utappd.   Outdoor seating is a nice option. I didn't eat but they do have food options. I will go back next time I'm in Madison.   My true rating would be 3.5 but rounded up to a 4 because the atmosphere was nice.
4 We finally got the chance to tour the facilities, and I must say I am impressed with the current scale of production!   The tour is $5 a head and includes a free pint of any beer on tap and a free tasting. The single beer available for tasting is really at the discretion of the tour guide, although I had hoped to be able to sample a full flight of their beers on tap and wouldn't have minded paying a little extra for that. They did let us sample what the Happy Ending tasted like before and after conditioning though, definitely an interesting, and educational, juxtaposition.  I liked that the tour took us through the entirety of the brewing facility, allowing us to get up close and personal with the brewing vats, malt hanger, and the likes - I've been on a number of other tours where we weren't really allowed to walk around the equipment and see them up close, and I felt like that really cut down on the experience.   Finally, our tour guide was fantastic! He did a great job of explaining the brewing process, and was awesome about fielding questions from the audience. Unfortunately, we did have a few obnoxious members in our tour group that made the experience less enjoyable, and I would have liked to see the tour guide regulate the loud side conversations a little better. Oh well.  Ale Asylum is such a great place to spend a few hours on the weekends - I can't wait to be back to try their menu!!
4 Fantastic beer and food! Saturday night, no wait, not because it's bad but because it's massive! We sat on the large and beautiful patio. Fresh flowers, super clean, truly wonderful! The beers are great. I had the big slick stout, smooth and chocolaty, with hints of coffee. My husband had the unshadowed, more of a wheat beer, fruity, light and refershing. The menu doesn't have many options but it was diverse. There is something for everyone and it's spectacular! I had the Buffalo Chicken. They marinate the chicken in their beer, slather it in buffalo sauce and blue cheese something, fresh greens and an amazing bun. So delicious! My husband had the BBQ pulled pork and immediately smiled with the first bite. The sauce was tangy and sweet, again delicious! Served with chips and salsa. The salsa was also delicious. Our chips were slightly stale but I still hoovered them.   Service was good, she was polite but no overly friendly. We had everythng that we needed but did find ourselves waiting a while for our check after our meal. Nothing major, but we were tired and ready to go home, even laid the card out on the table. She didn't take the card but left to print our bill before taking the card, despite me trying to hand it to her. Again, not a big deal but we were tired and eager to get home.  We will be back and I would still recommend this place to anyone.
5 Unbelievably awesome place. Beer is good, but the atmosphere and layout is amazing.
4 Beer- You can't go wrong here.  If you like beer, they have something for you.  However, if you don't  know exactly what you want, it can be difficult to get them to help.  They are beer experts, not everyone is.  When I've brought people who don't know what to order and they ask for suggestions some of the answers fly right over their heads.  Food- Pizzas are the best thing to get here.  I've tried several other menu items and they have been... ok.  Besides, what's better than pizza when drinking beer?  Atmosphere- Very fitting for a brewery.  Always busy.  Large bar which is nice because I typically want to belly up to one when I'm in a beer mood.  Easy to find and tons of parking.
4 Enjoyed a lunch pizza that had unique flavors and was baked to perfection. Unique thin crust that was their special recipe. Friendly wait staff, great experience.
