2 This is a pretty good value as far as hotels in Scottsdale go. The property itself was decently appointed and well-maintained and the staff was helpful and kind. They offer a complimentary hot breakfast as well as the normal "continental breakfast" that many places offer, and that is worth quite a bit in my book. I only have two complaints: first, the housekeeping staff was over-zealous. I arrived past midnight and the next morning my companion and I were awakened twice between 9:30AM and 10AM by a knock on the door from housekeeping. I've never had that experience before at that early hour of the day. My second complaint is that they play soft rock/jazz elevator music throughout the entire outdoor courtyard of the property from 9AM to 9PM every day. This, in and of itself, isn't a terrible thing, but it was just far too loud because I could hear it clearly in my room and, once again, that made it difficult to sleep late.
4 Would give it 31/2 stars if I could figure out how to do the 1/2 star.  Just returned from this hotel.  Went w/3 friends and we all enjoyed it very much.  Our impression is that this hotel at one time was allowed to run down but is now on the rebound.  There were plenty of positives that when you consider the excellent rates & central location make this a pleasent stay if you dont require 5 star accomadations.  The pool grounds are beautiful and awesomely comfortable...15 or so very well padded chaise lounges.  Several semi-private canopied gazebos with either double-chaise or living room type pits.  The pool was clean and warm at night and a nice hot tub.  Incredibly, the pool seemed to be open at all hours which we took advantage of.  Very nice landscaping.   Happy hour.  Poolside service.  Nice deal on the breakfast buffet.  Now there are issues but for us they were minor.  The rooms are unspectacular to say the least.  The AC didn't work in my room (but I dont like AC anyway) but in my friend's room it cranked.  I'm sure they would have changed rooms if I asked.  The bathrooms in particular need a lot of work.  Bartender service was weird and uncooperative.  The restaurant service tried hard but were understaffed.  In defense, these exact service issues seem to exist everywhere in Scottsdale.  If possible, make sure your rooms are not in the rear section as this area is isolated and could cause the timid some nervousness as doors open to the parking lot.  I'm guessing over time the problems  will be addressed because it seems the current management is trying hard to raise the stature of this hotel.  Will go back next year.
3 Alright, ill keep this short n sweet. This is no 4 star resort. It's a "blah" hotel in a really good location, and a good price. They do have a pool, and they do have a shuttle that will give you rides within a 5 mile radius. The place has a restaurant up front called Papi-Chulos which has a comedy show. (I haven't seen it). Clarion is a good option for those who are planning on partying it up in old town, and don't want to worry about drinking and driving.  Oh- and there was no "resort fee" I hate when places sneak that in there!
1 I have stayed here for many times whenever I came to Scottsdale, AZ. In the past, I did not have any problem and I always have enjoyed staying here. The last time I stayed here as in April 03, 2012 and I would never come back again. They charged me $35 fee for damage the towel which I have no idea what was the manager talking about. Anytime I check out the room, I was making sure everythings were in a good place, because I am an organize person. I do understand that these house keeping women work hard for living. Therefore, I always make the bed look nice, fold the towels and place them on the sink, leave them some tips, and I dont even use the coffee machine or open anythings that I don't need to use. I work in Medial field and extremely a clean person. I don't even wear make-up, because I like to look natural. The only things that I use are light pink lipstick and a little bit eyes shadow.   Two weeks later, I went into my bank account. I saw they charged me $35. I called them, Steve told me that I stole some towels. Stole some towels for what.  Then I called back, the manager named Adam told me that the towel got some make-up stains. Make-up stains? I have never heard that  you can't able wash or get rid off the  make up stains. Make up is a permanent paint. Of course, it will wash away.  I told Adam that the house keeping probably must confusing me with someones else. He told me that he will give me a call back, but I never heard from him again.  That was the most ridiculous fee that I have ever get charge in my life.   I believe that since we are living in a bad economy crisis. Business is slow everywhere you go. So, people came up with some excuses to charge customers so they could earn some profits.
1 We used this hotel for our out of town wedding guests since our wedding was in March and we couldn't find anything under $250 per night due to Spring Training.    I had EVERYTHING in writing - emails and a signed contract, but they still would not keep good on their promises of room rates. When we received our bills - we were charged for upgraded rooms which we did not stay in. I have email confirmations for one amount, yet they charged everyone higher amounts.   I dealt with FOUR managers and a matter of 3 months.   To top the frustration off, the desk clerk was EXTREMELY rude to our guests. This entire experience was VERY embarrassing.    I have sent several emails (with my contract and past communication with four managers) to headquarters yet have received NO response back.   Good luck, Clarion. Your lack of service will NEVER last in Scottsdale.
1 Wow where do I begin... Terrible customer service at the front desk. Took 5 hours for me to check in. Stay away from Steve, that man hates guests. The court yard of the hotel looks decent. But that's not where they let their guests stay. Instead you get stuck on the outside of the hotel where it looks like you will get mugged. The inside of the hotel was crap, dusty and dingy, my keys didn't work the first time, and the doors are garbage.. Stay away from this place, the cheap price may catch your eye, but remember the saying, "you get what you pay for"
