4 Cheap decent food, and it's available 24-Hr's.  I'd rate the food about a 3-Star... but they get an extra star for the kick-butt menu with TONS of different selections, and the fact that they deliver in Las Vegas 24-Hrs.  I found the menu under my door on day #2, and decided to place an order. The order came within 45 minutes, as promised.  They accept major credit cards, cash, and business checks. The Delivery Charge is only $1.29 - what a deal! :)  The selection of food includes several different types of items, such as:  Pizza, Pasta, Burgers, Submarines, Ribs, Salads, Appetizers, Gyro's, Fish, Philly Steaks, Chicken, and Dessert.
1 I'm in Vegas for a month and picked up a menu from here. The place was a bit dirty but gave it a try anyway. I understand pizzas are greasy, but this pizza was extremely greasy, very sloppy pizza. I doubt I'll order from here again. The only good thing is that they're open 24 hours.
2 Meh, is right on this review. Girl and I ordered pizza from here for delivery.  We asked for marinara on the side. We received cold tomato sauce from a can. Cheese Pizza was just average. I am thankful they were 24hrs. and close but I would not recommend this place at this time based on "MY" quality taste test. Villa's rocks!
4 Best pizza delivery with fresh ingredients!  Have it delivered as restaurant is very basic.
4 Definitely going to order here again. Great value when you order off the specials. I love their chicken strips, they're soooo huge and yummy! (Wayyyyyy better value than Cane's) The pizza was pretty decent as well, Wings are good and of great value as well. I like that it's crispy and doesn't feel like the slimy boiled wings from most other pizza joints.  I thought I wasn't going to like the pizza because the pepperoni was at the bottom, but you get to taste the cheese more this way. Delivery was very quick and the customer service over the phone was excellent. I actually didn't like the french fries that much, but it helps to crisp it up in the oven (they're more like soft potato wedges but you get tons of them)
5 Pizzas and other things from menu are great! Everything is fresh,tastefull and delicious...
3 The sign says 24 hrs but only open til midnight; 2 am Fri-Sat. That being said they make a wonderful pizza and the $6.95 Xtra large Pepperoni is great. Good NY crust dough style. Perfect for picking up on the way home or out for a work lunch pickup. They do deliver. Only has a few tables for dine in. Great selection means everyone will find something to love. Also good for groups to call in office lunch orders. The only trick is the parking/ getting in there but that's no knock  'cause it's worth the effort.
4 Tried this place late last night. Got 2 XL Pepperoni Pizzas for $15 even. Pretty good deal, I think! And now we have plenty of leftovers for a few days.  There's not a whole lot of places to sit there, but I think they do mostly pick-ups anyway. Employees were friendly and polite. They had a nice big tv there for people to watch while waiting and they keep the a/c running so it's not hot like you'd think a pizza place would be.  I saw someone eating a Philly Cheese Steak and it looked and smelled delicious. I want to try that next, it's only like $5 with fries.  The pizza was good and greasy, in the right way. It reminded me of the pizza I had the first time I went to New York City, it was a place right off Times Square. Anyway, Sofia's pizza was yummy. It tasted very fresh and just plain yummy. The crust was good and thin but not crispy and the sauce tasted like actual fresh tomatoes. Pepperoni was... pepperoni. lol. I'm sorry, nothing out of the ordinary there.  Our dog really, really liked the pizza. It was pretty ridiculous the way she whined until we gave her some. Usually she doesn't make a peep.  So there's that.
1 I guess I got what I paid for... Very mediocre at BEST. Ordered for delivery because it was cheaper than the hotel room service I got the calamari and fries, they were terrible at best ; the chicken Alfredo was ok at best; the app combo was gross at best; and the spaghetti and meatballs were good. I do not recommend the fried food it was all gross . Just order real room service and save a sour stomach. Ew.
4 We were in search of a quick pizza fix (for our little guy) late last night and this hit the spot.  Relatively near the strip and the pick up specials are inexpensive.  XL pepperoni for $6.95.  Since the little guy prefers cheese (who doesn't), we went with half cheese half pepperoni.  To our surprise, the pizza was very good.  We've had NY style pizza in NYC and this comes very close.  Just love the soft (semi-doughy) crust.  Our little guy had two slices.
1 Even as a cheap option this place is a bad option. 2 weeks ago I ordered their large take out pizza, when I walked in to pick up the place smelled awful...well I came to find out that smell was spoiled cheese because my pizza tasted of it too. I would be very worried about a place that serves spoiled cheese and is completely ignorant to what spoiled cheese looks and smells like.
3 I've tried Sofias a few times, the person who always takes my order is a young (Russian?) girl, she's very nice. It seems to be a family-run business, I wish the best for her.   My favorite thing on the menu is the calzone. It is huge and stuffed to the gills with cheese and pepperoni. It took me three days to finish it.   They have a pick up special, extra large pepp pizza for $7. Their extra large is 16 inches, most stores that's a large. But it's still a great deal.   Their food is ok. Their pizza is really salty. I tried their meatball sub and their philly cheese steak, both were uneventful. But their portions are generous and their prices are cheap. I've never had rude service.   It's a nice alternative to fast food.
1 The food was barely palatable. We ordered the spaghetti and meat sauce. Mushy noodles, pasty sauce and chewy meat. We also got the chicken Alfredo. This dish was worse. They used spaghetti noodles instead of fettuccine noodles. The sauce was like eating pasty cheesy dough. The chicken was almost crunchy. My husband had a stomach ache after the food. I didn't because I really didn't eat but a couple of bites. The salad and garlic bread were fine.
4 I got the carry-out XL pepperoni special.  It was quick, hot and delicious.  No fancy frills, but tastes like real pizza which is more than can be said for many or the pizza places in the area. They also have a variety of other food, like french fries and snacks, that will keep the picky eaters happy.  Their other pizzas seem pricy, but not having tried them yet I can't vouch one way or the other.    Service was friendly and quick.  If you're the unsociable type who's bothered by staff speaking foreign languages, just stay away.  Personally, I couldn't care less when the food is good.
1 Sign says 24hrs... Door hrs say till midnight... Stopped by around 11pm... Lights on, guy behind the counter... Door locked & totally ignored.
3 Ordered the pizza deal for 14-inch chicken fingers and fries for only $20 bucks it was a great deal. They weren't stingy on their chicken fingers a full box was brought, fries tasted bad only down side of the meal. Everything tasted OK no wow here but for a large meal to over stuff three people try it out :)  Lady on the phone was nice, patient, and overall customer service is good on time delivery even at Lunch hours.
4 Pizza isn't anything crazy but it's cheap and filling. Service isn't amazing, but definitely worth the deal. Also convenient that they're open late.
4 Pizza place around the corner from where I work.  Decent pizza for a decent price, one topping pizza for 8 dollars.
