1 They cut my dog's paw right in front of me while clipping her nails and didn't apologize or offer anything special. My dog was crying and squirming and the table was getting bloody, but the groomer just took some goop out of a jar, slapped it on my dog's paw and gave me my bill. On top of that, while I was waiting to pay.. the groomer was screaming at the dog's kenneled in the back. It was a horrible experience for me and my dog. Never again.
1 I had been camping all week and my little short hair Chiweenie was filthy and needed her nails trimmed.  I called this store to make an appointment to have her washed and was told that I didn't need to make an appointment and I could just bring her in. I arrived at the store 10 minutes after making the phone call and was told I NEEDED to make an appointment next time... The woman I spoke with on the phone came to what I thought was my rescue and began helping me.  She asked me if my female dog was neutered... Really, her job is a Groomer and she doesn't know that female dogs are spayed?  Then the same woman asked her coworker what was the actual name for a "weenier dog." Luckily someone there knew something about dogs and was able to correctly state Dachshund. The woman said that my dog would be ready in a few hours, I asked if she could be done sooner then that because I had another appointment.  She was done in 45mins.  When I went to pick her up the idiot I had been dealing with the entire time asked me to next time make an appointment so she wouldn't be crunched on time...   Really, next time make an appointment?  I'm pretty sure that I tried to do that in the beginning.   If you love dumb uneducated people, you'll love this woman that works at this groomers in Petsmart.  Enjoy!
3 This Petsmart usually has its shelves stocked better than the one closest to where I live.  That was the case again today, and I took the opportunity to stock up on things I needed.  The staff was quite courteous.  I wish they'd change places with the store on West Charleston!
3 This Petsmart has everything your pet needs.  Sometimes their sales are super dooper awesome that I can't believe I choose to go to Walmart or Pet Co for my pet needs.    Being a retail chain the only thing I can really rate them on is their customer service.  Sometimes I noticed that the cashier just doesn't look too happy.  But, then you sometimes also get a really cheerful cashier once in a while.  While I'm walking from time to time the other clerks greet me and ask me if I'm doing okay.    I do like this store and would keep going back.
4 So being that we now have two doggies and this is the closest pet store to us, we are frequent Petsmart shoppers. Petsmart may be a lil more expensive than Walmart which is right next door, but they do have more of a selection. We've taken the fiancé's family dog to get groomed there and they were very reasonably priced. They now have a Martha Stewart line, which has cute dog bowls/dog clothes, etc, but at a higher price. You can find really good sales after big holidays and stock up on rawhides, etc. I'm not sure how the other pet selections are, but for dogs, they seem to have a variety of items. You can also bring your furry friends into Petsmart, which I have on occasion. OOOOHHHH and there's a Petsmart card, which you can get discounts and coupons on the mail. Overall, a good place to buy almost everything you need for your pets!
3 I like Petsmart because they are a little cheaper than Petco. They also have a much better and larger selection of products. The only problem is that my dog has food allergies and eats Natural Balance food, which they do not sell here. Therefore, I have to shop at Petco more often.   However, I still come here to buy other things, such as cat food, treats, toys, and whatever else I can possibly spoil my babies with! This store is always clean and stocked well.   Customer service is always a hit or miss. There are days where 3 different employees will greet me and ask if I need help. Other days, I will see a bunch of employees hanging out and talking story in the front of the store by the registers. I also noticed that the cashiers here do not ask for your PetPerks card, which gets kind of annoying when you are buying products that are on sale. At Petco, they always ask for my card, whether or not I am buying something on sale, or regardless of if I am buying one or ten items.  I am still hoping that one day they will start selling Natural Balance products at better prices!
4 Good store, clean and friendly employees.
3 Not my neighborhood Petsmart, so I don't go here very often. We were sent here by the other Petsmart be cause they were all out of what we were looking for. The store seemed clean and employees pleasant, but none of them stopped to say hi or fuss over our pup like at the store we frequent. They had the product waiting for us at the register in the front. It was a weekend so it was a bit busy, but they opened up another register for a quicker check out. The only thing I realized after we had already left, is that they didn't ask for my Petsmart card at checkout.
5 Every one so friendly ! I bring my dog since he was 4 month old ! I got puppy class our teacher was so great ! Price of grooming is $27 and they did good job !!!
3 This place is slow as molasses for fish. There are crickets on the floor and occasional doggie accidents. Grooming is good tho.
4 I buy my doggie food here, but only doggie food because snacks can get expensive. We try to buy their snacks elsewhere, where it's cheaper, but the brand of dog food they eat aren't available elsewhere. Service is great, but sometimes staff doesn't look to happy to be there. If it's a busy day, it will take a long time to check out because they usually only have 1 or 2 cashiers. I like that this Petsmart is in a shopping center where there's other stores and restaurants.
1 I can't stand the manager Michael. Let me know when he's fired so I can start shopping in there again. I bought a dog crate and then a few days later I got a $5 coupon off a crate. Asked if he could do an adjustment and he said id have to return the crate and rebuy it to get the coupon. Went to the rainbow store and the manager adjusted it with no problem or hassle. Michael has an attitude and very cocky. Also Dave the district manager didn't care to much of michaels behavior seeing as he never replied back to me.
3 I think this place is not bad to shop. It is easy to find whatever you're looking for and they have good customer service., they help me really fast .
