5 Ive been going here for years and over time have become friendly with the owners (A true family run place) who are the most amazing couple from Ethiopia who have worked so hard to make this their family business, a true example of the American Dream come true.  You can feel the good energy when you walk in and see another regular customer chatting with Moe (the owner) like they were old friends, i actually get happy when i know I have Dry Cleaning to pick up...They are the greatest!  Moe is such a good tailor and alterationist he is like a magician...there is nothing he can't do.  And on top of all these reasons why I love this place they are totally GREEN!  The only environmentally friendly Dry Cleaner in town!!! Great place.
2 Stupidly, I took several things into this place to be altered and was only happy with the results of one pair out of four.    None of them were ready when they said they would be and I only got excuses when I asked why they weren't ready on time.  If you decided you do want to go here, I suggest you call first to be sure your items are finished.  Initially, when I wanted the owner to measure each leg of the pants I wanted altered, instead of making both legs exactly the same, he refused to do it and made a chalk mark from the floor up on the second leg.  When I finally got them back, the legs hung very uneven and I had to go back and have him redo them again.  He told me he was going to use the original hem of the jeans, because they were distressed looking, and he didn't do as he said he would.  He ended up just giving me a pants hem with the same color thread as the rest of the seams.    Then when I asked for a pair of knit pants to be shortened and asked that he make the new hem look the same as the original, he cut off the original hem and shoddily sewed it back on in a way that you could see every zigzagged stitch through the fabric.  I took these back too and asked to have them done the right way.  I got more excuses about how much time it would have taken him to do it the way I wanted it done, compared to only the few minutes it took him to do it the first time.  I guess if it's going to take more than a few minutes he takes poorly crafted short cuts and hopes you don't notice.   He should have told me he didn't want to make an original hem in the first place and I would have taken them someplace else.  My suggestion is to find another tailor if you want something made properly and you want to get it back on time.  I certainly won't be going back.  BTW, while I was there waiting for my things to be ready, another customer came in to pick up a jacket that was being tailored and it wasn't ready on time either.  The reason it got two stars instead of one is because they use green cleaning products.  I think the second review of this place was written by the owners.
4 Shop owner Mo always has a friendly attitude when you come in the door. The price is higher than most dry cleaners, but I like the fact that they use cleaning agents that are less harmful to the environment. I also believe that I am really paying for quality. There was a stain on one of my pairs of pants. I sent it to a few dry cleaners, and only Green Cleaners was able to take it out. I was pretty impressed. Mo also checks the buttons of my coats and jackets before handing it back. The main reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I've noticed that it takes them a while to look for my clothes when I pick them up.
4 One of the best cleaners in town.  Very fast and friendly service and you definitely get what you pay for with them being informative about the chemicals used on the clothing.  I strongly recommend everyone in the area to use this cleaner.
1 I would not take anything here to get it altered.  I had taken my bridesmaid dress in to get altered and they gave me a date to pick it up as well as the price.  When I came in to pick it up, they couldn't find it and when they did it was not ready.  They then told me to come back before the close of business (which probably meant that they would rush it).  I ended up picking it up 1 week later and they could not find it again, and then they tell me that they should have charged me more than what they had originally told me.  On top of that the dress did not fit right and I ended up taking it to another alterations place to have it corrected.
5 I love this place. Moe (the owner) is very knowledgeable in the green dry cleaning methods that he uses. He is also excellent  at tailoring and alterations. He will take apart a garment and put it back together if needed so that it looks like it should instead of some cheap fixes you'll find with other places. I definitely recommend Green Cleaners.
5 I've been going to this place for a few years, and I'm sad to have to leave (moving out of state). Mo, the owner, is always friendly and welcomes you with a smile and some friendly small talk. The quality of their service is the best I've seen out of all the dry cleaners I've tried in Vegas. I no longer run into the issue of waiting longer than a minute when picking up my clothes (maybe they read my first review haha). When I told them I'm moving for good, they wished me good luck and even gave me a discount as a parting gift. I will really miss this place - it's hard to start over again and find your main dry cleaner place with friendly owners and high quality service.
5 Mo, the owner is awesome, Mention yelp and he will most likely give you a discount. Its rare to see a business owner working his own store and he is very generous and nice, always has done well with the clothes I've taken in.
5 I have been a customer of Mo's for about 15 years now and have followed him from his previous location. I go mostly for clothing alteration and although sometimes it takes a few days longer than predicted it is always worth the wait. I was so glad when he decided to go Green so any time I have something to be cleaned I bring it to Mo. Just thought I would mention that I live about 15 miles from the shop but still make the trip because it is worth it. Mo and his wife are wonderful people.
5 This the best dry cleaners for a couple of reasons. First, it is eco-friendly and your clothes don't smell like chemicals. Second, the prices are very reasonable. The parking can be hard in the afternoon, but that isn't their fault.
5 You don't get a friendlier or more professional place than Mo's cleaners.  I can trust him with anything, from the most complex alteration to the fastest rush job.  He knows all of his customers and treats them like family (well, even nicer, really).  I will never go anywhere else as long as we live here.
5 When I first moved here from NJ I needed to find a great dry cleaner, asked around and Green Cleaners/ Mhamids name kept coming up!  Let me tell you 4 years later I have not had one problem.  And I go at least once a week.  I have custom made shirts and suits and this is the only place I would trust with...
5 I have been going here for a few years now.  Tried it out because of 'green' alternative...(most dry cleaners use a lot of chemicals), but stayed because of the service.  Which is AMAZING!!  That is all have to say.  Very, very, very good customer service.  If they think it took too long, or didn't come out right or whatever...they reduce or waive the fee.  And I have never had a problem with their work quality, they maintain very high standards and to top it all off...They are REALLY NICE!!!
3 I went here because of the Yelp reviews AND because it's green. I dropped off a pair of pants that needed to be hemmed on a Wed night near closing. I was told they would be ready Monday morning. My ticket said they would be ready Saturday morning. I waited until Monday morning, called and they said they were not ready, but would get done. I needed them for a job interview Monday afternoon, so I bided my time running errands and called a second time to check. No answer, left a message, no return call. An hour later and on my way since I had run out time before my interview, I called again, no answer. When I arrived they were hanging on the rack hemmed and pressed, ready to go. Thankfully, since I was in a rush to get to the interview.  I give Green Cleaners 3 stars because of the lack of clear communication when my pants would be ready and because of the level of stress I experienced waiting for them to be ready. I wouldn't mind returning for business because they ultimately came through, but I would certainly never rely on them to complete anything by a deadline.
5 This is the most amazing small merchant I know! His commitment to quality and customer service is more than I can tell you. This is one of he most amazing businessman I I have ever encountered. Dr. Robert S. McCord
5 Love my Habesha folks! Always very personable service - I come only to them for my dry cleaning needs and minor alterations! Win win for you and the environment!
5 I LOVE THIS CLEANERS!!!!!!! Clothes don't smell like chemicals and make my eyes turn red.  Owners are so fantastic.  Clothes RARELY need to be redone like at other cleaners I used to go to.  Other cleaners like Al Philips and Polo Cleaners RUINED a lot of my clothes and items like bedspreads.  You won't have that problem here!  I've been coming here for years now.  The service is terrific, the owners couldn't be any nicer (thank you Mo and Sally) and the clothes come out fresh!  You get what you pay for!
5 I have worked with many cleaners over the years and not one could clean clothes as  professionally as Green Cleaners.  They use environmentally friendly products to clean your clothes, since I am very sensitive to all chemicals this is very important! Mohammad is a very talented tailor as well and his entire staff are all very friendly  and caring.  I highly recommend this business to anyone who wants to work with a professional company!  Sandra S.
5 Green Cleaners and Alterations is a 1st class business.  I have utilized their alteration skills for more than 25 years (starting at Village East Cleaners and Alterations.)  Once Mohammad opened the Green Cleaners which is eco friendly, they now handle all of my cleaning.  they are great at removing tough stains; and I'm most impressed with the fact that there are no chemical odors.  I highly recommend this business for both alterations as well as eco friendly cleaning services.  I'm giving this business 5 stars.   Sandra Bate
1 I have used the cleaners 2 times a week for the last month and I always have to wait, and wait, and wait. I dropped off a comforter that was supposed to be cleaned within 48 hours and 2 weeks later it was still not done. Many times when you are given a pickup time, the staff has to go and search for your clothes and bag them up while you wait. 10-15 minutes in the drycleaners is not my idea of service. I believe the people who give this place positive reviews for being friendly and knowing their names is that they spend LOTS of time with the staff. I don't care to know my cleaners that well. I want the cleaners to do a great job, have the clothes ready, and I want to be in and out. If you are lacking a social life then this is the cleaners for you.
5 This is a top notch business. I never have any problems with having my clothes cleaned here. The owners are very sweet and friendly and very customer-oriented.
5 Honest, friendly, service, really great with alterations, they do not send it out, all work done in house, and of course they are green, no harsh chemicals.  Really great business to have on Eastern just south of the 215.
5 IN MO WE TRUST  Mo is like family. There isn't anything that I wouldn't do for him and vice versa. I've been doing business with Mo for almost as long as he's been operating at this location which is close to eight years. Unlike $orean dry cleaners who ask you to prepay for their service, I can confidently leave my dry cleaning for longer than a week and not have to worry or call.  No funny chemicals and after smell. An absolute straight shooter and fine businessman.  Wish there were more people like Mo.
5 Jessica always takes great care of me- greets me with a smile, my clothes always come back beautiful and she's even gone above and beyond when I've needed rush jobs. I would definitely recommend Green Cleaners to anyone.  They are a slightly pricier than I normally pay, but it's definitely worthwhile.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5 Best dry cleaner ever. Super friendly, great service and clean clothes. What more could you want? I had never before considered being loyal to a cleaner until I came here. Now I feel bad for people who don't know about Green Cleaner.  So you say, "great they're nice, but what about the clothes?" I am rough on my clothes and they always come back clean. Grease, sauce, mystery stain, you name it never had a problem. Plus typically dry cleaning chemicals make me itch, not here.   Originally came for the eco. Staying for the service.
5 I've been coming here for years. Mo and his wife are fantastic. The quality of the work is excellent, timely, and very well priced. Mo treats his customers like they are close friends, and it's always a pleasure to go in there. This is the epitome of what a neighborhood business should be.
1 Empty promises...he had the wedding dress since March, went for a million fittings and he never did what he said he would including cleaning it, yet he charged me. Very bad service!!!!!!
5 Quick look: BEST dry cleaner that I have found in Vegas!   Detailed review: Mohammed (Mo) and his family are simply the best! Mo treats his customers as family and will respect your garments as if they are your own. Mo is a mad man and always working. I have yet to see him in a foul mood or not greet me with a smile on his face. Mo is truly one of a kind and I believe it is is his positive outlook on life that keeps all of us going as loyal customers.   Has done an amazing job with my garments. Had an older shirt that once had an issue while in his care. The shirt was old and had seen its better day. Mo insisted on paying full price for the shirt and would not take no as an answer. Have had money and other belongings get left in my sport coats and it always gets put into a small baggie and comes back to me. Mo has even kept the business open after his scheduled closing time so that I could get my needed garments after being stuck in traffic.   Truly an honest and caring businessman. I just wish that Mo could find someone with his work ethic and amazing attitude so that he could take some time off and take his great family on a vacation. He deserves one!   It is without hesitation that I recommend Green Cleaners and Alteration Center on Eastern Ave.   Say hello to Mo and his wife. You will see why we all care for them very much!!
5 You have one chance to make a first impression. Green Cleaners makes sure my clothes are ready for that chance. After having gone through at least a dozen Dry Cleaners over the past 18 years in Vegas I have found the one! After over 2 years of using Green Cleaners I will never go anywhere else. Mo treats you and your garments like family. I enjoy our conversations as much as I do his treatment of my threads. My clothes don't have a funny smell to them nor do they come up missing. They go in, they come out. The personalized service is unmatched as is the quality of the work. Their Tailor is a skilled tradesmen as well. I am constantly having something fixed or altered and its always timely and valued priced. Buy good clothes on sale that need a nip or tuck and take them here for your alterations. You'll be glad you did. This is the way a business should be run, the old fashion way Service and a Smile. Mo should teach Small Business 101 at UNLV!
5 You can't compare this place to a cheap dry cleaner. I drive 35 minutes to come here because I refuse to take my suits to cheap service dry cleaners most dry cleaners don't scrub your neck or cuff on the shirt and leave them dirty. I speak from experience that I have dealt with at multiple 1. 75 cleaners.  the lapel on suits have to be pressed in certain ways. They don't just run the iron over the lapel . White shirts actually come back white not yellow. Your clothes does not smell like nothing but chemicals because it is all organic cleaning. I recommend this place to all my friends and customers there is not one dry cleaner that I will recommend except for this please. Don't make the mistake by letting amateurs dry clean your suit or dress. Bring it to the professionals at green Cleaners.
5 Used for the first time after reading other reviews. Mo is friendly as advertised and it was a pleasurable experience at a good price. The turnaround was approximately two days but Mo said that it could be done quicker if need be. Will be back!
5 The best cleaners in the west. Sometimes you may have to wait but your clothing is done with the utmost care. Very friendly. They care about their clients and your clothes.
5 A wonderful place, Mo is so nice he greats everyone with a smile and your garments always comes back looking amazing! This place I would recommend to anyone. I also like the fact that it's safe for the environment as well!
5 Been coming here for last three years!  The best cleaners in town!!!!!   I strongly recommend...
1 I gave this place several chances because of the reviews. They ruined two of my designer silk blouses the buttons were all chipped and cracked. The shop owner said we did not do that. Oh really...... I brought them to you like that yeah right! He agreed to replace them if I purchased the buttons. My shirts are now useless to me. I can not locate matching buttons. Very poor customer service..... I now have two clean silk blouses with cracked and chipped buttons that can not be worn. Each blouse cost $220.00 each. Green Cleaners is the worse.
5 Mo and Green Cleaners are the absolute best! My husband is a police recruit and has to have his uniforms in top shape at all times. When my husband first got his uniforms I was looking for dry cleaners close to our house. The first one I tried melted the adhesive from the velcro patches on the sleeves all over the shirts and couldn't remove it. My husband had to get new shirts from supply. This caused a lot of stress! The second one, the clothes would come back with black lint all over them and I had to roll them clean. I also had to take out all the presses and repress the military seams because they were so far off from where they were supposed to be. The third dry cleaners left the clothes dirty with stains around the collar. The fourth one melted the adhesive on the sleeves on one of his shirts. Then I found Green Cleaners! It takes me 30 minutes to drive one way there, but it is SO worth it! They do such an awesome job that we don't have to worry at all about how they are going to come back. We know they are going to be clean and pressed perfectly! On top of that, Mo is super friendly. I always leave there with a smile because his positivity is so contagious. I always enjoy talking with him and his life story is very inspiring. He truly cares about the community and is an exemplary member of society. I was only bringing 3 shirts with my husband's four pants because of the melted adhesive. Mo cared enough to ask why. He told me to bring it in and see what they could do. To my surprise, they saved the shirt! Just this past weekend, I got sick on Saturday morning and completely forgot to pick up the uniforms. After emailing Mo, he got right back to me and actually came in on a Sunday so I could get the uniforms! I felt so bad for pulling him into work on his one day off, but he was actually thanking me! I am so extremely grateful to Mo and Green Cleaners! He has a customer for life in us, and I would not even consider going anywhere else. Thank you Mo and Green Cleaners for your wonderful service and your caring attitude!
