5 If I could give Jared Blake Entertainment 10 stars I would!   Jared delivered EVERYTHING he promised and MORE! All of his entertainers/musicians were prompt courteous, professional and most importantly they ROCKED our wedding and made it an event to remember.   He made the planning and execution of my wedding entertainment a breeze. Al of our guests from NY, Italy, Boston, Atlanta, and LA raved about how amazing our wedding entertainment was and how spectular Jared Blake Entertainment is.   I will DEFINITELY use Jared Blake Entertainment again.
5 The mark of a true professional is one to whom you can express a vision and then they make it happen. Jared is a true professional.   I told him that I wanted smooth mellow first class entertainment during my cocktail hour, and that is what Jared delivered. He provided an ambient DJ with a live sax and jazz guitar sidekick. I swear it couldn't have been better if Moby was spinning.   For my reception I asked for a little of everything: sinatra, al green, barry white, michael jackson, prince,  etc, and Jared supplied a large beautiful black man with incredible range. A true Master vocalist and entertainer. I expected that the guy would park himself on stage, instead he sang from the dance floor, crooning sweet melodies to me, my wife and our delighted guests. I could not possibly be more any more satisfied.   I told Jared what I wanted, and how I wanted it to roll out, and then I let him manage the details - which he did perfectly.  I strongly recommend Jared Blake Entertainment.
5 Jared Blake Entertainment was truly the best wedding DJ entertainment package I've ever seen and I've been to a ton of weddings.  The additional musicians were amazing too...and added such a uniqueness to the event.  All the songs were terrific, we had so much fun dancing and Jared himself MC'd and he was fantastic.  What a great affair, I would definitely hire him for my next big event!
5 I am en event planner in Scottsdale and use Jared Blake Entertainment at most of my events.  With Jared and his "crew", you are assured an incredible party.  The DJ can make or break your event  - I know that when I hire JBE, my clients are getting the best - and the feedback I get back after each event voices that opinion!
5 We used Jared for Jonathan's Walk4Friendship and other events in the past. What a "mentsch". His crew was very professional. Nothing was impossible for him... What ever we needed and asked for, he found away to make it happen. In addition, so many people in attendance commented to me how amazing he was at their Bar/Bat Mitzvah Party.
