3 Pretty darn good for lunch. They have a tasty Teriyaki Bowl with lots of rice and veggies with chicken or steak.  They have a wraps with whole wheat tortillas with chicken or steak too. They offer noodle bowls and whole grain rice as an option too.  The egg rolls were fresh and different and really good and the service was very fast (kind of like ths review) even though they were packed.  Nice fresh food and smiles.  I like that.
3 Not too bad of a place. Fresh food with good portions. A bit too americanized for me..
1 First, I get that coupons are a pain in the ass, but if you're going to put them on your website, you should honor them.  My dry, overcooked, overstored dry-as-dust breast was easily shadowed by the cold salmon delivered to my friend.  They cooked a new piece, taking about 10 minutes to do so...  Not fast, not fresh, not as good as it should or could've been.  And you're still not taking coupons from your own site?  Good thing you're on the Strip...
4 On our way to check out the cloud nine balloon we all realized that we should probably get some food. So as many times as we have driven by this place and named it as an option we always seem to bypass it. This time was anything but the same, I decided we would try it.  I must just have the same luck at all the places that we have been going to. There was absolutely nobody in the small restaurant. I decided to try out the steak and chicken combo bowl with white rice and oh you better believe I made it spicy.. By the time we filled our drinks and sat down the food was ready. The chicken was fresh, the steak was delicious and the vegetables were delightful. With the perfect samurai kick it was great... The service was fast, friendly and very welcoming, it was not your ordinary empty establishment attitude that I seem to find.. You know what I'm talking about, when you walk in and order and it seems like more of an inconvenience to them to have to work and make your food. That was not the case. For a quick meal that was more than worth the $6.49 I will see SAM again.   Enjoy!
5 Great place for Teriyaki Bowls. I classify this as "healthy fast food at a reasonable price- about $7 per person." So many choices to eat here- skip the outlet mall's food court.  I like the chicken teriyaki bowl with brown rice. I also add crushed red pepper to give it some spice.Additional sauces at the condiment station. Free drink refills. Clean restaurant. Nice staff.    The best place for teriyaki bowls- hands down. Too bad there isn't one near our house.
1 As I walked in to place my order I noticed gnats flying around the register (OK GROSS! I should've walked out then), the woman that took my order was very rude (sighing, rolling eyes, etc), my order was wrong and I was charged for something I did not receive.   If you really want to try Samurai Sam's I would NOT try this location.
4 Healthy, quick, and friendly. Sure its fast food, but Id take this over a greasy burger any day. I wish there was one near my place in LA!
4 Had a coupon for buy one get one, so me and a co-worker went for lunch. 2 drinks 2 reg sized bowls, it was $5 each.  super fast....we didn't even have our drinks done yet and our food was ready. place was really clean and there were 5 tables already sat [it only has about 8 tables] when we got there at 1130  They have nutrition facts on the front door and online, so if you are trying to eat under 500 calories each meal, this is your spot.  I spiced mine up with my heat, but the food was good for white meat chicken, veggies, and brown rice.    Give it a whirl!
4 Second times a charm for this chain of restaurants. I have tried Samurai Sam's in the past and have not been impressed. Although the food is not fancy or gourmet in any way, they offer a lot of healthy options for your buck.   My coworker and I are trying to watch what we eat, so I flipped through my Entertainment book to see what coupons I had for neighboring restaurants. We settled on Samurai Sam's and proceeded to order the Teriyaki Chicken Bowls with brown rice. I love that they have both brown rice and low carb (veggies instead of rice) as options. They also give you the choice of dark meat, white meat or mixed. Definitely a plus. The food was served up quickly and was pretty tasty as well.   This is definitely a location I will be back to.
4 I love this place better than the competitor.  You know that place that rhymes with Meriyaki Ladness.  I live close to here and frequent most of the nearby restaurants.  They had a special going on for a $5 chicken bowl.  You can't beat that.  I like this place because you don't have to pay extra for vegetables.  I think that's insane to have to pay extra to make it how it should be served.  So kudos for the Samurai for making it happen.  I took a little long to get the bowls I ordered but it was also a Sunday afternoon and a packed restaurant.  If you are in the area check this place out. Good food at a good price! Cheers!
5 It's basic, inexpensive and you good get value for your money. In the realm of Teriayki places, I like sam's because they offer the chance to put white meat in the wrap or burrito for only 50 cents more and don't charge extra for more sauce on the side. Today, I ordered my usual, white meat wrap with white rice and sauce on the side (always a key decision). Mix of Broccoli, carrots and cabbage I think and real slices of breast meat in the wrap for only about $6.00. It's one of those places you can go to and know that every time, your not playing Russian roulette. Healthier than any fast food and will leave you plenty of room for dinner.
4 The food was very fresh. First time I've ever been here. The food is really good. The workers are blah. Not the most enthusiastic. But will only come back for the food, not the workers. Lol.
1 First time i've been in here it was for a take-away, and both me and we were quite satisfied with a food, an overall of maybe 3 stars and a half. Second time I've been in here I chose the beef and rice bowl and two spring rolls!The bowl was quite Ok, again, but the spring roll was the softest spring roll I ever saw.So, asking about the state is in at the counter, first of all the guy was having an attitude , like how can I ask about this, why the roll was so soft and watery? Seconfd of all, I asked for two, I paid for two and i got one!I presume the guy was too busy watching the football in the kitchen then to take care of the customers. Now i'm not making a fuzz because of the thing that I paid for something and I got something else, it is all about the attitude! There are just too many food joints around for me to ever go to this one again! I don't want to get attitude for my money, that's it! I don't care I paid more than I received , but receiving crap attitude instead of goodies is not Ok for me! And also maybe the managers will have an eye on this guys as they're smoking(the staff) near the entrance door! I might go on another Samurai joint but definitely I'm not coming back to this one! Thank you for reading my review!
3 I like to get lunch from here because it's convenient and healthy, but Samurai Sam's falls far below the quality and taste of Teriyaki Madness.  I always get the $5 Chicken Teriyaki bowl.  Make sure you ask for white meat chicken for the extra 49 cents because they never trim the regular meat of fat, which is just gross.  You can't really tell it's fat either until you start chewing it.  They could stand to use a little less rice and a little more vegetables, but hey, for $5 it's not bad.  Service is always quick.
2 My buddy and I went here for a quick lunch because we had a buy one get one coupon. Actually we had two of them. One came from the Entertainment Book and another I found on the website. We walk in and its lunch hour. It's busy. It's noisy. It's chaotic. The guy at the counter is getting stressed so someone I assumed to be a manager relieved him and started taking orders.   It comes to our turn and we order according to our buy one Teriyaki bowl get one free coupon. We were told that we couldn't use the coupon there. So I said well do you take other coupons. The guy at the register tells me, "If they are for our store then maybe." Well, I'm not trying to pass off a grocery coupon here guy.... so we try another Samurai Sam's coupon. He looks at it for a minute and points out the small print.   "See? At participating locations only."  "So I take it you are not a participating location?" He just shakes his head no.   Now, I dunno... I'm no big business person. But This just got us off on the wrong foot. This and a few other reasons is why I won't go back to Samurai Sam's. I live about a mile from the place too. It is highly likely that if the food was good and there were no hassles with the coupons when ordering. I would have come back many times - without a coupon even! So wouldn't it be worth the say... $5 Teriyaki bowl to retain someone that is going to return and spend far beyond the cost of the bowl you gave away with the coupon I was trying to use?   It just doesn't make sense to me but oh well.   We were already there so we order anyway. Now keep in mind I'm irked about the coupon situation so my outlook on the Samurai Sam experience could be a bit tainted.   We get our food and my rice was really dry. It didn't seem done. The veggies were ok. Just blech. Not much flavor. The chicken was decent and fortunately the whole thing was coved in Teriyaki sauce which made it edible.   My friend said his thing was ok but neither of us were really thrilled from the minute we walked in.
3 Food was alright. It is a "fast food" joint, so I didn't expect too much. Owners/workers were friendly though.
2 I really don't understand the fuss about this place. Food was food. Nothing special. A little bland. Not my style.
2 I should have looked at the reviews before coming to eat here. I've had to spit out my food 3 times because the brown rice is so crunchy, i cant even eat it.   On the other hand, the white meat chicken and veggies were good. I'll stick with panda express for my chicken teriyaki and brown rice fix though.
3 Had the low carb bowl. Chicken wasn't too dry and it was ok. I just ended up drenching the bowl in Sriracha and spicy teriyaki sauce.   Place is just ok, nothing special about it
2 For a chain, it sure is completely different than the location on S Eastern. The portions are smaller & the staff isn't as friendly... but i gave them 2 stars since our food came out really fast
4 Chicken teriyaki bowl with brown rice = super yum. Review based solely on that as it's the only think I'll eat here. My coworkers and I frequent this place and they are always more than satisfied with their food. In my opinion, much better than Teriyaki Madness.
1 The customer service at the place was horrible. The other day I stop by before I went to work. I walked into an empty restaurant, which worked out perfectly because I was in a bit of a hurry. I spent about 3 mintues looking at the menu as the women behind the counter was in conversation with another customer who had already ordered.   Once I walked up to the counter to present my order I realize that the women behind the counter was also on the phone, which I assumed she was on hold or something because she wasn't talking and asked if I was ready to order. I said 'yes' and told her my order, but half way through placing my order she put her finger up asking me to hold as she grabbed a pen and pad as she began writing stuff down. I back away to respect her privacy as I thought it was either a personal or business call.   After about 5 minutes she then hung up the phone and ask for my order a second time. As I told her my order I then asked her if they cook their food with any type of fish or peanuts since I am highly allergic. She said that they cook with no peanuts but they do cook salmon. She proceed to tell me that the salmon is cooked on the grill and my order that I place will have to go on that same grill. I asked if there is a way you can clean off the grill or cook it a different way and she said 'No we can't, that is just they way it's cooked'.   In a way I was a bit shocked, one, the fact that they are willing to lose a customer so quickly and two, it seemed like there was absolutely no other way around cooking my order differently.  I responded with a long drawn out 'Okay'. The women behind the counter then responded by saying she didn't want to have liability of me getting sick. Which in a way I see where she is coming from, but then again I am a paying customer.  In conclusion I have heard good things about this place and people I know rave about their bowls, I may have had just a bad experience, but I know I will not come back to this place again.
1 Food was gross and the bowl was half empty.
3 As always the teriyaki chicken Bowl was fantastic! But Apparently today was not customer service day, the lady taking my order took a phone call in the middle of completing my transaction and I was forced to mime can I have my drink cup to the lady. But I will return for the chicken!
3 This place is ok for lunch. You can get a "large" chicken teriyaki bowl for about 5 bucks and some change. 50 cent extra for white meat and 25 cents extra for brown rice. The bowls come with chicken and mixed vegetables on a bed of rice. Everything looks like it's steamed with a little bit of teriyaki sauce on top. The large bowl was a joke, came out not even completely full and there wasn't much meat, but hey it was only 5 bucks. The food was decent overall but I was hungry again in about 3 hrs before I even got off work. I would only come here again if I needed a light snack and not an actual lunch.
