4 I recently moved here. SO I'm going to write a tentative "first impressions" review, and update it as time goes on.  The good: -It has really nice amenities... an awesome pool/hot tub/fire pit/outdoor lounge area, 'greatroom' that's open until 11pm where you can play Wii, make espresso or play pool, a movie theater, a gym, and an on-call esthetician. A staff member is always at the greatroom. -They organize a lot of community events (some free, some for a fee) and will shuttle you to any that are off the apartment grounds. Every so often they make breakfast for everyone in the greatroom and there's a weekly movie showing. -The apartments are expensive, but nice with high ceilings, dual-pane windows, in-unit washer & dryer, nice appliances (not tooooo nice...) and little patios/balconies. Construction seems good.   The bad: -Like other luxury apartments, they charge a "prime view fee." If you're psychotic enough to want (or unlucky enough to be stuck with) an apartment that faces the pool or the volleyball courts, you get to pay more. Because... you should pay to listen to other people make noise?  I don't get it, but I guess that appeals to some people. -They play music at the greatroom/pool all day long. It's loud enough to hear from your apartment if you are facing into the cluster of buildings where it's located. That's kind of annoying if you like to leave your windows open. -It's located right across from a huge post office, so if your apartment faces Van Buren expect a lot of traffic noise. Our front door opens to that direction, and we get some traffic noise, but the door is heavy enough to block out an impressive amount. -It has a pretty serious 'Bro' infestation, which is understandable, as it is a luxury apartment complex. The Bros like to have loud volleyball parties where they will wrestle drunkenly without their shirts on, and they also apparently like to stand around and watch eachother work out in the gym. It's all very subtly homoerotic and annoying.  Generally I've found all the employees here to be helpful and friendly. We don't have any really noisy neighbors, but we live on the third floor, so I'm sure that helps. There are some obnoxious people here that let their parties spill outside, or let their dogs run around and bark incessantly, but it's an apartment complex so you have to expect that kind of stuff.
3 Been living here for almost a year now, the apartments are great, the office manager and the rest of the staff are wonderful. Yes the rent is on the higher side, but with all the amenities the apartment offers, it's def. worth it.   The only bad side is, if you need to break your lease for whatever reason, you have to pay a lot of $$. Another thing is those ppl that have dogs don't clean up after them, making the grounds keepers having to do extra work. Mind you, the apt has doggie poop bags and trash cans specifically for that.   Other than that, can't complain, I've loved every minute living here. Close to Tempe, Scottsdale, Phx, basically it's in a great location.   my actual rating is 3.5 stars
2 I have an update, because as my lease is ending, I really need to say some things about this place.  I've officially been living her for a year. The grounds keepers/maintenance crew are the best, most humble people you will ever know. Regarding the office staff, seems like they want to turn a blind eye towards all the problems the good residents are complaining about, in order to keep the rioting college kids, who bring their friends every weekend. Besides the fact that there is construction going on in a warehouse behind the apt., they work 24/7, noises all the time... I'll list the problems, that not only I've had, but that others have too.  1- We're trying to buy a house, instead of just letting us know that 'hey, your lease is almost up, you haven't been a problem resident, you don't have to pay extra to break your lease'; We were told that if we break our lease, we have to pay the months rent that we are living here, $1660.00 to break the lease, PLUS pay back the incentive we received when we moved here. What kind of B.S is that!? Needless to say, we're buying, moving and still paying rent here...and I will CONTINUE to use all their amenities (pool, movie theater, etc until my lease is up).  2- My hubby and I rent a garage, monthly, because there aren't enough parking spots for all the residents, because there are so many freakin' college kids/friends over, that residents have to look/scrounge for spots. Anyway, we rent a garage, expensive I might add, my husband likes working on cars, is knowledgeable, blah, blah.  I had the courtesy to ask the office, if he could work on my car, as it needed a new clutch, among other things. We were told NO. Ok, so I went ahead and paid almost $3000 to get my car worked on. Lately I've been seen residents change their oil, work on their cars and motorcycles (both in the garages AND in carports). So again I complained and I wrote the manager a LONG email about why its unfair, that they ignore these residents, but yet don't take into consideration that I asked, etc. They response was that they haven't seen anyone, so they cant say anything. B.S! I've even given them the license plates of the people working on their cars, no EXCUSES! Grrrrr!  3- Dog poop: this has been on going and on going. People here pay extra to have their dogs. Fine, I'm a dog person, love dogs, cant wait to get one. But if I did have one here, whenever my dog went out for a poop, I'd clean it up (the apt even provides the baggies). No, there's dog poop EVERYWHERE! Be careful if you are drunk, cant see well at night, etc because you will step on dog poop. You know who cleans it up, maintenance/grounds keepers, they aren't even the owners of the dogs!!! They keep a tally on who the owners are, the office has pics of the dogs that live in the complex, etc. and NOTHING is being done. These sick a$$ owners want a dog, but don't clean up after them... I can only imagine how disgusting their apts must be!  4- (And I swear this will be my last rant)- Drunken people: If you're going to live here, please be aware that you will feel like you're living in a dorm. I'm no longer at the point of my life where I want to be woken up by some drunk girl, crying because her boyfriend looked at another girl at the club, SHUT UP! The pool has hours from 7a-12a, people bring their friends over, drunk off their a$$es and those that live around the pool area, have to listen to all this, they complain to management and NOTHING is done about it. We even have a security guard, where is he? Sleeping in the office or his car? Management knows EXACTLY who these people are, because its always the SAME people!!!!!!! and do nothing about it.   Ok, like I said last rant, I'm so over this place, too expensive, there are no more community events, as the budget was cut, now they want residents to pay for some guy to come and cook, it's like living in a dorm, and for every ignorant resident they have, they'll be loosing 3. Can't wait to leave!  (Sorry it was so long and the actual rating I want to give is 2.5 stars)
3 The people that work here (well, most of them) are still awesome. Unfortunately, they don't have as many cool events anymore because the budget is gone.   The biggest problem here are the college students (I hope they're college students, otherwise they're pretty miserable excuses for adults) that blast their music, scream constantly on the volleyball court, let their dogs bark for hours on end or have loud, drunken conversations in the swimming pool in the middle of the weeknight. Complaints to the office are generally taken seriously, but there's not really any improvement in the problematic tenants' behavior. I understand being hesitant to kick people out if they're having trouble filling apartments, but that just means the quiet people will move out and the place will be overrun by douchebags.
2 All I can say is, thank goodness we are moving out when our lease is up.  I give 4 stars to the management/staff. The maintenance people are amazing..so so nice! The managers dealt with our complaints and problems efficiently and promptly.  The 2 stars are for the people who live there. They are the main source of most of the problem.  Do you like to get drunk and obnoxious, and walk around in the wee hours of the night letting everyone know what a party animal you are?  -- This place is for you.  Do you like to play your music from your apartment loud enough that you can hear it from the pool or while you play volleyball? -- Then sign that lease!  Do you like seeing your neighbors fight like they're on Jerry Springer? With the cops there too? -- Then come on over and make Trillium your home!!   You don't mind having upstairs neighbors that play catch with their dogs inside? -- You'll fit right it here!  Seriously, though, I've lived at Trillium since it opened! I was the first tenant in my apartment and I love love loved it. Then it went downhill from there.   But I guess I have Trillium to thank because they made us HATE apartment living and prompted us to BUY A HOUSE...and we are now proud homeowners!!!  Thanks Triliium!
4 I lived here for a year when i first moved to Phoenix... Most of what you read in these reviews is pretty accurate... I moved here as a single, young professional, knowing no one. But being an extremely social person, I would head down to the pool by myself on Sundays and I quickly made friends with alot of my neighbors!  Yes this community is full of young people that love to party... however it's mostly just friday night through sunday afternoon... not 24/7 like some people claim. If you're trying to avoid these people, don't move into a badass apartment complex thats 2 miles from ASU!!   This place has it all! Awesome pool, multiple grilling areas, VERY impressive gym, movie theater complete with traditional popcorn machine, and a great room boasting several flat screens, a pool table, and an espresso bar!  All of the employees that worked there when I lived there were a lot of fun, and very accomodating (and very patient). However it has kinda gone downhill lately. The leasing agents used to hang out in the great room, now they are confined to the leasing office. The great room hours have been shortened so it's not so much of an evening hangout like it was back in the day when we would all gather to watch a tv show or sports there. The movie theater is always locked now and has to be rented out, which can only mean that some residents abused the privelege.  All in all a cool place to live! Basically similar to living in a resort, I'd say!
1 We lived here for a year and couldn't wait for our lease to be up. At first it was ok....The actual apartment is nice & the interior is great. But we failed to do our research and soon realized the crime rate was ridiculous.    We luckily lived on the top floor but our two neighbors below us got broken in to within the same month.....the complex behind Trillium is government housing I believe? And it was always worrisome out walking at night (even with a dog)....sketchy looking people would always walking around and it just didn't feel safe at all. On numerous occasions we could see people scoping out cars to break in to....and as soon as they'd see you they would run. Not cool.   Also, not sure what happened but when we first moved in the pool scene was great; young professionals and families....Towards the end it felt like little Mexico with people throwing beer cans in the pool and throwing obnoxious parties. Just not very nice. As well as drunks walking around all hours of the night screaming at each other. (even on weekdays)   And...the back gate was ALWAYS open. Doesn't seem to hard for it to be fixed...it was literally broken for weeks. Not so great.    The plus side is.... they offer an airport shuttle which is nice and convenient.
1 STAY AWAY. Stay far away! Unless you want to overpay, have your things stolen, deal with an inept staff and be constantly uncomfortable of the area/neighbors, do not think about renting here! We wanted to make this 3 bedroom apt our home. No, really. We went in with extremely hopeful ideas about what this place would offer us. We even thought the leasing people were cool. Boy, were we wrong. The property management was completely inconsiderate of ALL residents. Who sends the maintenance crew to blow leaves DIRECTLY under bedroom windows at 7am the day after a holiday??  And the maintenance crew? None of them spoke proper English so it was extremely difficult trying to communicate if you had an issue. With us, every single time we had a maintenance issue, they did not fix it properly. It got to the point where we just stopped bothering to call because we knew they wouldn't fix it and what a waste of time that would be. Big mistake on our part, because once we moved out, their final inspection hit us for over $500! It included outrageous extra fees and of course, the few maintenance issues we didn't bother calling them for. To make matters worse, when I attempted to set up a payment plan for the balance, they first lost my credit card information and then "forgot" to take payments out for almost 3 months! The whole time I thought I was paying, the money was not being taken out and I only realized it when I got a notice from Trillium that they would report my credit if I didn't begin paying! You told me I was! How incapable can one company and it's employees be?!? On top of that, I had a package delivered to the office of a single product worth $200....They didn't hold it. Or one of the leasing agents TOOK IT. When I went to retrieve it, they had nothing for me and "couldn't" give me any information after that. Really? Nobody saw it? You can't even ask someone that had been working if they knew anything? Nope. I was basically told I was out of luck. Also, I was NOT given proper notification to renew or cancel my lease. So I was forced to pay a prorated rate to stay longer than my lease. SEVERE disorganization and ineptitude from this company. Do not rent with ANY Trillium property. I regret the whole experience. I would give them 0 stars if I could!
1 DO NOT LIVE HERE!!  My daughter has been continually harassed by a neighbor.  She does not feel safe in her own apartment.  When management was notified, they basically called my daughter a liar.  We are now involving the police.  Side note:  Said neighbor was arrested for ASSULT in 2012.  NOT A SAFE PLACE TO LIVE.
1 I really don't recommend this place.  They have just begun all kinds of construction and remodeling here and it is very inconvenient to anyone living here.  Word is, they are trying to sell the building.    Location:  Complex backs to a large industrial area that has constant loud construction all day for almost 2 years now with no end in site.  There is nothing keeping people/criminals from hopping the 3 foot high fence at the back. As such, cars are broken into often people and crooks are always casing them.  Units:  The layout of the units really are not that bad.  The materials and craftsmanship of the units are piss poor.  Everything is the cheapest materials known to man.  They will either not work or fall apart often.  For a "luxury" apartment complex there really is nothing luxurious about it.    Management: They are ok.  No big problems for me.  They seem to just worry about their bottom line and that's it.  Things in the community will sit broken for years.  Whether they notice it or not is unknown, but its still broken.  Neighbor's: Not too bad. Most people are pretty friendly and they are just waiting out their time until their lease is up so they can move somewhere else.  Just think of it like jail.  There has only been one drug overdose death in the time I have lived here so that is not too bad. I do have a pack of wolves that live above me and every Tuesday Afternoon, Godzilla (neighbors brat) makes a roaring thunderstorm from above.   Overall, I just wouldn't move here.  You can find better places that have units that are constructed well and will give you more bang for your buck.  Considering the ongoing remodeling on the exterior they are doing its probably not worth the hassle either.
1 Worst place ever. Homeless live behind the dumpsters. I had an ant problem and several leaks; one case my whole apartment flooded when I was washing my clothes and I woke up to the washer overflowing. I was kicked out of my apartment for 4 days, it was that bad.  Cheap inside and out. Look elsewhere. Only good thing about this place is they give away free rattler tickets.   I feel sorry for the next person who moves Into my old apartment, nothing but trouble.   KEEP LOOKING.
