5 I need to praface this post with a little background on myself.  I grew up in Texas and am a huge BBQ fan.  Ever since moving to Vegas, I have struggled to find BBQ€ that satisfied my palate.  My favorite so far is the chain Lucille's located in the District in Green Valley (near me).  Few things beat going with a bunchof friends and getting the Backyard Feast.  It's about a $100, but can feed 4-6 and is a ton of high quality food. Although very tasty, the price point prevents me from going there daily. However, H and H is the kind of place I could easily go to fairly often thanks to its low prices and tasty food, but the distance is prohibitive for me. On to the review:  So, I originally tasted H and H's food at the taste of Las Vegas. They had a booth there and were serving some tasty rib tips. I subconciously said I would scout out this place and frequent them, but after learning they were in N. Las Vegas, I kind of put them out of mind.  That was until I happened to be nearby and found it.  It's across from the N Las Vegas City Hall in the Food 4 Less shopping center.  It's a shack.  Tehre's no other way around it.  You can either park and go to the pick up window to order or drive thru (although there is no menu nor a speaker system so you are literally driving up to a different pick up menu).  For speed's sake, I suggest parking your car and ordering at the window or phoning in your order to really save time as efficiency is not H and H's strong suit, food is.  When going there, winners are the smothered specials with 2 sides and a bread ($5 for chicken and $6 for pork chop) and any of the meat combos (rib tips, pulled pork, etc) (something like $5-$9 depending on which meat and small or large)  Tasty stuff!  They also do a lot of fried fish that the charge by the pound (~$6.50/POUND).  The sides were typical of a soul food restaurant (black eyed peas, greens, mac and cheese, etc).  they were all fine, but the meat is the real star of the show.  I'm tempted to try their banana pudding, cobblers, sweet tea, and kool aid the next time I go back.  If only it wasn't so dang far.  All in all, this place is CHEAP and TASTY. Note, there are no tables and chairs. This is LITERALLY a shack. They even bar b q in the parking lot. Mind you, that's the tastiest parking lot food I've ever had. GO WHEN IT'S DAYLIGHT
4 We found this family run establishment via 1st Friday art event downtown where they roll their smoker out.There was a line for the food, and it smelled yummy so we took note and headed uptown to visit their location. The "restaurant" is more like a drive through, with one shoddy picnic table. The menu is written on the window in paint and its very old school. WE LOVED IT! The food was home made and the ribs were smoked so well. The weird smoker thing is hauled around town, and we actually saw them again at Goldfield days in Goldfield NV not long after eating at their "restaurant". DO NOT MISS THE PEACH COBBLER! These are recipes haded down from generation to generation. I can not belive this place hasn't been on Drive In's, Diners, and Dives, it is a GEM!  I am giving it only 4 stars because of the poor seating, otherwise it would get 5. The neighborhood seems a bit sketchy so this would be a good daytime visit.
