2 If you need a J Crew fix and you're in Madison, get in your car and drive the hour and a half to Mayfair.  Based on 4-5 experiences I can safely say that the selection at the Madison location is scant and the staff is consistently rude. (2 stars for the clothing.. 0 stars for everything else)
2 Tiny store and no one really acknowledges you. What?? I was shopping for my girlfriends birthday gift and the sales people there were very helpful. I was pretty frustrated and ended up going elsewhere to get my girl something.
1 Completely unhelpful staff here.I entered the store at 8:30 PM ready to buy some work clothes (the mall closes at 9). I hate shopping generally so I wanted to make a speedy decision and found a cute oxford shirt and skirt to try on, and asked the bleach-blonde lady behind the counter if I could get a fitting room.  After a minute pause she begrudgingly says, "sure" and I try them on. I wanted a necklace to go with this outfit but since I never dress for business I had no idea what to get and asked for a suggestion. She stands in on place and points, "well I don't know what you like but we have necklaces there, there and there. You can look"  I didn't feel like looking so got my outfit with my student discount and headed to banana republic for some assistance in more 'business casual' clothes.   Since they have such a small selection I have found that picking out clothes online (mostly dresses), then going to the store to order them on their red phone works best. I can get the perfect outfit, not have to deal much with the snobby people working there, and get a 15% discount and free shipping.
1 This is one of the smallest J Crew stores I've been to. They do not have men's clothes, and is limited in selection. Also, as mentioned by others, the staff is unfriendly and not helpful; after I was given a fitting room, there was no one available to get me another size in what I had tried on :(
1 I headed over the J Crew in an attempt to support an 'American' brand and designer. When I entered the store, all of the associates were busy talking (or rather) gossiping amongst themselves. A small line of customers formed by the cash register; one customer coughed to call an associate's attention. I browsed through the store hoping  to find a cashmere sweater for myself and perhaps a gift for my mother. None of the associates approached me to ask if I needed any assistance, a fitting room, etc. I finally came up to an associate and asked as to where the cashmere sweaters are only to have her tell me that they don't carry cashmere in the Madison store....she did not offer any other suggestions (perhaps the website or another location).  While the clothing selection is quite lovely, and the store presentation is neat, the palpably poor customer service turned me off. It should be noted that I was casually dressed; perhaps if I was wearing office attire or the like, I might have received better customer service and friendlier store associates. Thus, J Crew of Madison lost a potential sale and worthwhile customer.    P.S. I wore exercise clothes in a Nordstrom in downtown Chicago, yet I still received impeccable customer service. It came to no surprise that I purchased a couple new wardrobes there simply because I was treated well. Customers remember what stores respect them and return to those places.
