5 I decided to go with Progressive insurance when my insurance rates kept going up and up. Ridiculous for a woman in her ::cough:: thirty-tens  to be paying 200 a month when she hadn't had an accident in OVER 20 years .  I checked progressive and for the same coverages I was able to insure both mine and my boyfriends vehicle for UNDER 200 ...  NICE!  The customer service was completely amazing and they were helpful in choosing the right coverage for my vehicle(s). Well.. I never thought about yelping them until now.  I was in an accident today. I was completely a wreck. I was crying so hard that I couldn't even speak.. I called my insurance because I was not sure exactly what I was supposed to do. My car had extensive damage, I couldn't even open my car door to get out.  The represenative on the line couldn't have been more warm, or caring. Did her best to calm me down, and soothed me with her kindess.  I was transferred over to a claims adjuster who not only called the police to come see about me, also called a tow truck to come get my car which was incapacitated, and contacted Enterprise rental car and secured a rental for me so that I would have a car while they sent my car to a shop. Everything was so unbelievably easy.  I don't know why a previous poster thinks they are a scam the only thing I can do is rave about the excellent service that I received.  Truly remarkable and would I recommend them to you?  Definitely!!
5 I have moved 5 times over 3 different states in the last 4 years due to work. As you can imagine, moving is a hassle in many ways(transferring services, arranging packing/moving vans, working with real estate companies, etc). Throughout my crazy past few years, Progressive has always stood out to me as a Five Star, top notch company in every way. EVERY one of the phone representatives over the years have been extremely personal, friendly and accommodating. I cannot thank Progressive enough for maintaining it's high standards and exceptional representatives throughout the time I have been a customer... it's is not just when I am re-buying insurance, the quality is there when I have a simple question, am dealing with billing, anything. I was even hit once and luckily the other driver was covered by Progressive. Even in handling this claim I was treated like a real person, not a problem, and with respect.   Today I worked with Vivian(I believe she was based out of Arizona). It has been an extremely trying week because of the move and in dealing with unfriendly, no-common-courtesy people. I was relaxed calling in, knowing from previous experiences that the phone call with Progressive would at the very least be easy. Vivian turned out to be EXTREMELY pleasant and was ready to answer all my questions about differences in insurance now that I am in a different state. She has actually changed the flat mood I started my day with into a recharged, positive, ready to go attitude. Also, I am so excited to get my vehicles set up with snapshot!!  Again, thank you Progressive and thank you Vivian, I hope you all realize that your approach on customer service is providing people with more than just reliable insurance!
1 Doesn't even deserve 1 star. Horrible customer service got hit by 1 of the drivers and getting the run around. Dealing with Nasim she seems either really new or uneducated talking to her is like talking to a box of hair. Progressive should be ashamed of themselves maybe if they spent less money on dumb commercials they could afford to take of their claims and train there employees so they don't sound like idiots on the phone.
1 I had a terrifying event with Progressive insurance.  A truck that was spewing rocks on the freeway caused roughly $1,200 damage to my car on the 215 in Las Vegas.  I was able to obtain the trucks license plate number through the onslaught of rocks.  I immediately called my insurance company who was able to identify who owned the vehicle.  After calling the company, I was informed that Progressive Insurance covered them.  Once I contacted their local office, I went through the standard protocol of getting an estimate and waiting on correspondence.  The claim representative assured me that she would contact me on a weekly basis.  However, this was not the case.  Every week I would have to reach and received the same answer, "We are still investigating Legacy Rock."  Legacy Rock is a truck company that ships landscaping rocks out of Logandale, Nevada.  Despite my exact specifics that I explained to the claims adjuster, her reply after 44 days was, "I'm sorry we are denying your claim because the insured said the truck was somewhere else."   The representative began to explain the scenario as if I were trying to scam progressive.  I asked her if there is an appeal process or if I may see any documentation to follow up on the claim.  She said there is nothing to do, but take it up with your insurance.  I have never been so livid and disappointed in a major corporation.  I provided a thorough and specific testimony explaining specific times, date, how rocks fell, where they fell, license plate, and even recorded for them.  This has been one of the longest and most grueling experiences I have endured.
1 I had progressive motorcycle insurance for two years as of writing this review, and canceled it today for very good reason.   My policy was paid a year in full effective august 2013 to August 2014 (Completely paid!) and I also sent the required documentation they mailed me about 2-3 weeks later to finalize the deal. So come March 2014 I receive a letter from the Nevada DMV stating that "I am uninsured, provide proof of insurance or pay 250$ to reinstate your registration". I instantly called Progressive and they searched the state database and informed me I had a 12$ outstanding bill because of a new law passed in Nevada for under insured/under covered motorists. I gladly paid the 12$ and asked that they please inform the NV DMV that I have had coverage from August 2013 paid in FULL! The representative said that she would, and at that point I was very happy. She also asked me if I wanted to pay for my policy renewal for August 2014 to August 2015, I said sure so I don't forget let's get that out of the way. So I paid for an additional year in full, thanked the rep for her time and went on my marry way.   Come May 2014 I received another letter from the Nevada DMV, and stated if I do not provide proof of insurance from January 15th 2014 to March 15th  2014 that my license would be suspended, registration revoke, and could face possible fines up to and including jail time!? So I called Progressive and asked them WTF? Basically. I was informed according to their system connected to the NV DMV, that I did not have coverage from January 15th until March 15th 2014. I informed the rep that I paid in full effective August 2013 and I should be covered until August 2014, and I also paid my coverage until 2015! So I was kindly informed that because of the new law passed by Nevada - under insured motorist coverage needs to be offered, but not required. I informed the rep I never received anything in the mail, and in the event of a policy cancelation shouldn't I have received a phone call to remedy the situation! She said we are not required by state or federal law to call customers, just send them notifications in the mail! I then asked to speak to someone else, as she was becoming irate as if I was the one at fault here.   So I spoke to an under-writer and explained the situation. She said I have to pay any fines from Nevada of face jail time. At this point I was livid!!!!! I informed her that Progressive took my money to cover me for a year, a notice was supposedly sent to my house which I never received for a new Nevada state law. At that point Progressive dropped my coverage without so much as a phone call, and now I have to pay 500 dollars after you took 450$ to cover me for the year without at least a refund of that money!? And then took additional money for the next year clean to 2015! I then asked for a refund, and informed the women on the other line that I would be contacting the insurance commissioner and BBB and whatever other acronym agency I can call. Steer clear of these folks, the only reason I used them was because Esurance has motorcycle coverage through them. I have had Esurance for 10 years now, never had any issues like this crap. They call me to renew the policy every 6 months on my 4 cars, and make sure they are getting me the best price. I called my Esurance Rep and told him what happened; he said it happens to often with Progressive. I have a credit score of 760 and pay every bill I have ever had on time, and these morons take the cake that's for damn sure.
