5 For true Sushi fans in Phoenix that remember  Ayako (Akita-Ya) at the Biltmore, they are now known as "Shiro Japanese Restaurant".  With a combined 70 YEARS of professional sushi experience the same folks from Ayako at the Biltmore are now at Shiro Japanese at Tatum and Shea.  Located next to "My Big Fat Greek" place at the northeast corner of Tatum and Shea, they have some of the most traditional and trustworthy sushi in town.    Ask Hiro for Special Salmon, Agedashi Tofu, wonderful and rare fish selections you might not find elsewhere.    Tonight I started as I usually do with Albacore, Salmon sushi, Yellowtail belly, and the Mackerel was recommended.  They have a full bar and some great Sake and Beer selections.  You may not find the run-of-the-mill "Oscar-Meyer" rolls here, but you will find only the finest sushi.    My "wish list" to make the place even better? 1)  Turn the lights down a little, make it more cozy like Ayako was. 2)  Music needs to be more exciting. 3)  Modernize the traditional sushi.  Some of the people I take here want a little more "flair" to the sushi.  These guys have been around a long time and need the support of sushi lovers like ourselves.
5 This is the place... If you know sushi, you will love Shiro. If you don't, you will love Shiro.  If you remember Ayako from the AZ Biltmore, then you will know why the sushi here is so good. Three reasons, fresh, fresh and fresh...  I will elaborate. The fish is certainly among the freshest and best grade I've encountered anywhere. But, also, the vegetables used are always perfectly fresh and crisp. This is not very common in most sushi restaurants.  My only drawback is that Shiro is tucked in a strange location in a corner of a strip mall. However, the decor is beautiful and modern.  Say hello to Hiro when you visit...
4 Extremely friendly staff with lots of seating.  We had a party of six - hungry, thirsty, and craving Sushi at 7pm on a Friday night.  Called to make reservations, 15 minutes later we were sitting down each with a large bottle of Asahi and Sake.  The fish was fresh and the rolls were creative and filling.    The staff was both knowledgeable and provided great service with a smile.
5 Hands down the best sushi in Phoenix. Hiro's culinary skills are unmatched - he is easily my favorite chef in Arizona.
4 This is the replacement of Ayako's / Akita Ya.    The food, as always are phenomenal. However the location and the settings lacks the Original Japanese Aura.  And where the hell are the Teppanyaki Tables? :)  Anyways despite a few setback i still go to this place for their one of a kind Spider Roll and their Euphoric Shrimp Tempura.
4 Really great service.  Shige, the owner is a very gentle sushi slayer at the counter that really knows how to cut up his sashimi.  Huge fresh portions of sashimi that is sure to be a hit for a sushi novice or expert.  Other things tried-  Eel cucumber roll- pretty tasty.  California roll- eh. not my choice.  Agadashi Tofu- average  Scallops in birds nest- very tasty and great, recommended  Miso Black Cod- tasted not as fresh as the sashimi, but still above average  Chicken Karrage- it was more like chicken strips Japanese style, a littler under average  Overall, this place is quiet with pretty authentic food, but the service is top notch. Extremely friendly and personable.  I'd come here again.
4 My husband and I had a serious sushi craving. It had been weeks. And having not eaten sushi in so long, it needed to be good but not so pricy that we couldn't indulge and stuff ourselves in another week. I talked him into heading over to Shiro, and we are so glad we did.  We walked in were greeted by the sushi bar chefs and a waiter who told us we could sit anywhere. We grabbed a booth and the waiter brought us menus. He told us they were short staffed that night and apologized in advance for any delays. Not once in the night did we feel like we waited. My husband and I commented on the way out that they did a phenomenal job. The food was spaced nicely, the plates were cleared quickly, and we didn't even wait for refills on drinks.  We opted to play it safe for the first run. We got a spicy tuna roll, a spicy yellowtail roll, a sushi sampler that included tuna, yellowtail, shrimp, and a California roll, and the filet mignon dinner. First out was the miso soup. Best miso soup EVER. We both noted that the broth was full of flavor. Our soup didn't have chunks of tofu like some places, but I didn't miss it. I normally slurp down a few spoonfuls of soup and wait for the sushi. At Shiro, I gladly ate it all. Next up were the spicy tuna and yellowtail rolls. At our normal haunt, Kampai, the rolls have some kick in them are also filled with a bit of cucumber and carrot. Shiro's rolls were just the traditional rolls and lacked the kick we wanted. Good, but not great. The tuna nigirizushi was phenomenal. Buttery, melt in your mouth goodness. Both my husband and I agreed we could order plates of it and just fill up on tuna. The filet mignon was good, but not great. Not nearly as tender as a filet you'd get some place else. The teriyaki sauce it was served with was not overly sweet but still tasty. A nice touch is that when we ordered the steak, they gave us an option of sauces to choose from.   While Yasu is very nearby, I don't feel like it competes with Shiro. Shiro has a wonderful openess that Yasu doesn't have. The decor is open and modern but still comfortable. It's much more conducive to groups or going out with more than one other person, unlike Yasu.   I'd love to return to Shiro and sit at the sushi bar. There seemed to be several regulars there having a great time eating and conversing with the chefs. Shiro is a wonderful addition to this area and will definitely become part of our regular rotation.
5 Have returned to Shiro about 5 times since my first review.  Continues to be exceptional quality and trusted techniques. Hiro and the rest of the crew (many from the fabled "Ayako Biltmore) are the most experienced and seasoned sushi chefs in the valley.  It isn't cheap, quality never is.
3 Yelp expectations.  Sometimes that works against a place.  Gotta say, I wasn't that impressed.  The service was fabulous.  I felt like I was the only one in the place.  Sure, the crowd was light, but it was exceptional.  So here's the run down:  Miso soup - the best ever, props to Megan M for the tip.  Really exceptional.  Sea Bass - first time, pretty good, but a little lacking in flavor.  Unagi - very good, a little too thin and therefore a little crispier than I'm accustomed.  Salmon Roe - the best I've ever had.  It was buttery tasting.  Tuna - a bit stringy, not very tasty  Yellowtail - basically my favorite sushi, a let down here  Tobiko w/quail egg - about the worst on the plate, too much lumpy rice.  A little on the pricey side, but not over the top.  They do have Asahi, always a plus.  The crowd at the bar were chatting away as though they were good friends when it later appeared they hadn't known each other until this evening.  Tribute to the atmosphere and the service.
1 First to review, now the last. Stopped by to see Hiro and Shige at "Shiro Sushi" last night and there is a note on the door.  "Couldn't make it through the slow times".  Too bad. Hopefully we will find them elsewhere soon. TJ
5 We found Hiro from Shiro - he's now working at Tokyo Lobby in Glendale!!!
