4 Cool store. Helpful employees and fun place to visit. If you haven't heard- you get all the samples of oil/vinegar/wine/liquor you want. In fact, they are encouraged.  The oil/vinegar prices range from $2-$12(and up) per 100mL. Some of the stuff is pretty reasonable. I think the highlight (and what sets them apart) is the uniqueness of some of their products. For example, the calamondin vinegar is amazing. It has like a citris/lime flavor and is like nothing I have ever tasted. Also, give the pumpkin seed oil a try. Unbelievable. Way funner than the "oil and vinegar" stores in the mall.  Soon they will add liqueurs to their portfolio, which should be very exciting. Currently they have a limited selection of scotch, brandy, cognac, and rum- starting at around $7/100mL $$$$. Also, small selection of wine there.  TIP: bring your own containers (Can you?) because those add up. And, ask the staff for pairings. For example: mango vinegar and chili oil.
5 The first store of its kind in the US (in Madison, no less!), Vom Fass is a small German-originated boutique offering a wonderful variety of high-end vinegars, oils, spirits, wines and liqueurs. Everything (but the wine and liquers) is stored in cute clay-looking kegs. And the best part? The staff encourages sampling--of anything and everything.   My sister and I were in on a recent afternoon, and had our own little tasting party... featuring wines from around the US and around the world, followed by thick, tasty-sweet balsamics, and capped with the best oil-vinegar combo I've introduced to my tongue in many a year: their mango vinegar paired with a chili oil. Amazing--my future greens and sauteed veggies salute you, Vom Fass!
5 Brilliant little store.  I love the idea of it so much that I pondered investigating what it would take to open my own Vom Fass in San Francisco.  Then I remembered I did do retail work (albeit at Shopko... which is a pretty lame store) as a teenager, and I soon realized that wasn't my calling.    There's a lot of unique and amazing oils, vinegars, and liquors.  You pick your bottle and fill it up.  Bring the bottle back, and fill it up again.  It's really nice to be able to buy a small amount of a very expensive bottle of whiskey or whatever.  I went in on two separate occasions and both times there was only one person in the store.  Both people were exceptionally friendly and knowledgable.  If you're into food at all, you really ought to go there some time.  It's actually fun.  It's one of those places that deserves Food Network attention... it's really very unique and interesting.
5 I've been here quite a few times over the past couple of years.   I've been very impressed with both the products and the service. They carry a number of unique oils and vinegars, which you can sample before buying.  I love that you can buy as much or as little as you want.  You do have to buy the containers but you can always bring them back and fill them up again after they are empty.  I think the prices are fair considering the high quality. The employees are always very helpful, even when the store is crowded (which seems to be only on Saturday afternoon).   I honestly think I eat more salad now because I have these great salad dressing ingredients and that is definitely a good thing!
2 We had heard from several friends that they love this store, so it's possible that this was an off day, but we were disappointed in our experience.  First-time customers, with a few questions, but very interested in exploring and buying, we were unable to get any attention from staff for more than 10 minutes.  That was really awkward as they were not that busy, so we ultimately left empty-handed.  Maybe we'll give it another try someday, but I'm not sure.
2 I want to give this place 3 stars, but a few things about my experience here somehow left a raw taste in my mouth.   First of all: "VOM FASS"?! Excuse me? What did you just say? Clearly the Germans didn't do a lick of international market research when choosing a name for their franchise. The whole time I was in the store, I couldn't help giggling to my companion. And I'm 30 years old.   Not to mention that I never in one million years would have walked in off the street to check this place out. The name, coupled with the ambiguously corporate sign with a stylized water droplet leave me completely uninspired. If you'd asked me to guess what kind of business this was based on the name and logo alone- my top three honest guesses would have been: 1- Water Filtration 2- Septic Systems 3- Rain Barrels  You'd think the lame name and logo could be appended with an easy to read sign in English "Fine oils and spirits from around the world."  Fortunately, I heard about this place through word of mouth.   I give the place 4 stars for selection, but the prices are pretty high. If you're looking for a fun Saturday afternoon experience, it's nice to go and taste 30 different kinds of olive and nut oils. If you've never tasted 25-year fine Italian vinegars- this is a great place to get your game on.   But if you know what you like, and what you want to actually purchase, this is a very very expensive place to shop. Not only are the prices much higher than what you'd pay at a direct retailer or online merchant, but, if you're like me, you don't realize until it's time to check-out that "Vom Fass" charges an *additional* $3-$7 for the cheap glass bottle your purchase comes in. The idea is that you'll be hooked on "Vom Fass" and bring the bottle back for refills. To me, this felt like a pretty disingenuous business strategy. There's no way to make a purchase without buying one of their bottles- which are priced as if they were fine hand-blown venetian glass. But if you've ever been to Venice, these jugs start to look pretty ordinary.   Summary: A racket, but a good way to discover the world of fine old-world oils, spirits, and vinegars. Just do your homework before you buy!
4 After an unfortunate experience at Vom Fass (see my original review), I had a couple of exchanges with the owner, who was sincerely interested in improving the experience.   I returned to Vom Fass this past week, and was greeted upon arrival by TWO separate staff members, and was assisted by Mary, who did a fabulous job of guiding my vinegar-buying experience. I didn't tell any of the staff about my previous trip while I was shopping, because that would have been weird and uncomfortable, but I did mention it as I was checking out.   I'm very satisfied with my purchases, and will enjoy returning to Vom Fass. Thanks for taking the customer service concerns seriously.
4 Oh boy - I love a hint of liquor in my blood when I'm shopping.  Von Fass' oil vinegar selections are great. My bf and I are particularly fond of pear vinegar and cherry balsamic. The sampling makes the shopping experience really fun.   The liquor variety is what excites me the most. The apricot liquor is ohmygod delicious. They also have nice scotch, calvados, absinthe, and bourbon. If I had the money, I would love to take home all the casks.   The speed of service varies depending on the staff. Most of the time, it's great, but once I encountered a miss-turtle-pace. But that shouldn't deter me from coming back.
4 Love this place! The creative bottles (and the fact that you can reuse them) make great gifts for anyone who enjoys cooking or is hosting a dinner party. Diverse selection of vinegars and oils - my favorites are the star fig and apple varieties.
5 I had a fabulous experience here today. The staff were friendly and extraordinarily helpful. I felt welcome to try as much or as little as I wanted. No high pressure sales, just genuine advice. I had a great time and I'm excited to use my beautiful new oils and vinegars.
5 This place has terrific spirits, real aged Balsamic vinegar, and flavored oils that are amazing. I especially love their pistachio oil. If you not been here, you are missing out.
5 Wow, my 500th review. And with 500 reviews under the 'ole belt, I can't believe I haven't yet reviewed Vom Fass.  I've been to Vom Fass dozens of times and have always had an outstanding experience. The staff is friendly, welcoming, and knowledgable. They'll gladly offer samples and suggestions, without any pressure or attitude.   Don't make the mistake that I made by assuming that all they sell are olive oils. No sir, this place has a little bit of everything - from wine to infused liqueurs (some of which are really fun, exotic, and interesting) to scotch whisky to vinegars and more... if you can cook with or drink it (or both), they're likely to have something to satisfy your needs.  They also have great vessels for transporting and storing your bounty. Sizes range from 50mL to 1L. They encourage you to reuse the containers with future visits; just make sure they are clean and dry before you bring them in.  My most recent visit (from this weekend) netted some new samples; Spanish Brandy, Yahara's Gin, and the honey pear liqueur. My friend purchased the Spanish Brandy; I bought a refill of avocado oil. We also ran into one of the owners of the Merchant, who was sampling various wines and oils and left with an armful of stuff; I guess we know Merchant is using good stuff in the kitchen!  So... the next time you find yourself on the near west side, take a few moments to stop-in and sample some of the goods. Great service, good variety, and quality products - what more could you ask for?
5 This place is amazing, I could  Have stayed there for hours. Not a good place for small children however, unless they are strapped in the stroller and can't reach anything, unlike mine. But it is a great place for small parties or getting gifts or if you are a chef or if you like to cook -its an oil and vinegar wonderland. The staff was Super helpful and walked me through delicious oil and vinegar tastings. Next time ill try the wine or scotch!!
2 The store is fantastic. The employees are helpful and the atmosphere is wonderful. The products are amazing and I could have stayed for hours. My one BIG objection is that in the Sarasota store (where I shopped) there are no signs explaining that anything you buy has an additional charge for the container also. WHAT is that about? I believe that additional charges should be posted and not a surprise at check out. What is a customer supposed to do-carry out the vinegar in his hands? Left a sour taste in our mouths!
4 This is an awesome place with a super cool open concept. The staff are super helpful and knowledgeable. Just tell them what you are looking for and they will make great suggestions. They always make me feel welcome and encourage me to try anything I like. You can get anything from vinegar, oil, infused liquer etc. They carry basic vinegar and oil to fancy high end ones like truffle oil.   The price is higher than what you get at your local grocery stores. Probably due to the knowledge of the staff coupled with the wide range of items available all in a single store. They have options to get new bottles at the store at an additional charge (some bottle designs are intricate and cute) or you can bring in your own, clean glass bottles for a refill (recommended).   For the oils and vinegars, they have a description of what it is best used for. So you might find yourself getting something you never thought you would, or never knew existed, and trying out many new and exciting dishes with it!!
