3 The wings were good, but when you promise me "hot," you better nearly injure me or at least make me break a sweat.  And I'm sorry, but if you're going to run a wing joint and nickel-and-dime (or, in this case, $0.50) the peeps for "extra" ranch, then you're going to have long-term issues that will reveal themselves in your early-to-mid thirties.
2 What qualifies them to call themselves "Native New Yorker"?  What does peddling cheap batches of taste-impaired wings, crunchy pizza and nacho platters have to do with New York?  Or even "New Yorker"? Where's the man in the fancy hat that serves me my wings? What, you don't have one? Then again, I ask, what's "New York" about you?  A checkered tablecloth and some black and white photographs? Oh wow, a picture of an old automobile.   Get the fuck out of town.  .50 extra for a cup of ranch? Have you the brain worms? What, has there been a ranch dressing famine?   And not to be picky here, but usually, you're supposed to wait for the cheese to melt before you serve the smothered fries. Is that why I'm paying the .50 per ranch? Is your "shredded cheese heating machine" broken?   Does New York know you're up to this?
2 We have visited Native for the last time... the food has gotten worse in the 2 years I have lived here and the pizza...  not gonna happen to me again.  The wings are just OK but not worth the effort to go back when you can get them everywhere here.   Fuggetbouit Native NY'er we are moving on.
2 Went there with a buddy to grab a quick beer and he wanted dinner. I was going along for a cold one and maybe a few wings. First the food:  Wings ok, although I though I am not sure that I got the wings I ordered. They seemed much hotter at one point. Not that I mind spicy, but not what I ordered.  Here's the bad news. We came in, it took a long time to even get a drink order. The best part is this gal didn't what beer they had, the prices, anything. Not sure she was new or not but every order, every request seemed to take forever. The wipes for my hand after eating wings came well way past the meal almost.   We asked water and it arrived, at the end of the meal. So, over all the food was ok...the service a major FAIL.
4 Ok, after a long sit at home I thought why not SIX FREE wings is SIX FREE wings! So off I went for a short reward . Got seated and all was good, the server did her best to upgrade me to the $3 beer rather than the $2 Bud, went with the Bud...can't say I like the Bud..guess that's what they get for ripping of Budvar the REAL Budweiser.. its a Czech thing ask anyone Czech, I got 2 oriental, 2 Honey BBQ and 2 Parmesan wings. All were quite good and well made. Can't beat the total price of $3.18 with tip. Guess I shoulda gone for lunch earlier also. Two short notes: she had no idea on the special, gezz all over the net. and one BIG FAIL hence only 4 stars.  NO HANDY WIPES!!!  Come one you bring an order of wings and no WETs to clean your fingers? FAIL!
3 We had a wing craving... Got there ordered 6 garlic, 6 plain, & 6 asaigo cheese. They were good. The potatoes skins were great! Loaded and you can taste some potatoes. Hates those potatoes skins that have not potatoes. It does not make sense. Anyway, the service was average.   Need to find a good wing joint!
2 It wasn't horrible.      However, it wasn't good.  We walked in and the whole layout of the place was quite awkward; it felt like the dining room was in some hallway.  The service was ok, not good, but not entirely crappy either.  It was pretty scattered, but good enough.  The menu is like Old Chicago, but with 80% less flavor.  The HH beer prices were the only saving grace of the place..$3 for a 22 oz (sadly, domestic-but whaddaya gonna do, times are tight)  Now, I have a bit of a cold, so things are a little hard to taste right now.  I ordered the club on a croissant with curly fries (I am a curly fry freak), there was no flavor to either.  I figured it was just the cold speaking, my boyfriend noticed that I barely ate either one, and took a couple bites of mine; unfortunately, let me know that it was not the cold, but the fact that the food truly had no taste to it, that was the issue.   Oh well.  Yelp told me so, and if the choice of where to eat had been ours, we wouldn't have gone in.  But here it is, another crappy Yelp review page confirmed... NNY-you kinda suck.  $27 and the only thing I tasted was the Miller Lite.... and Domestics have no flavor to begin with..Oh My!
2 Literally writing this as I've waited 30 minutes for the waitress to come back so I can ask for my bill and get the hell out of here.  We were the first table here, accompanied by 2 other tables shortly after. Food took a little while, which doesn't bother me, but after the food was dropped off and the side of ranch came 5 minutes later (really?) The waitress was never seen again. I finally had to flag down the hostess to find her for me. What the deal was, I was too annoyed to ask, but I've realized this place is notorious for poor service. I used to love coming here, until they inserted the big bulky booths smack dab in the center of everything.    After today, I'm pretty sure my relationship with Native New Yorker just went from slim to non-existent.  As a waitress, I usually have sympathy and slightly more patience than most, but this place breaks all the customer service rules and THAT is a no no.
1 We are here on a Thursday before a movie. We ordered 2 burgers, it took them 25 minutes to bring out the first one, I'm still waiting for the second one because they dropped it on the floor......UPDATE: 40 minutes to get my burger.  The waiter was about a 2/5, never got a refill but knocked of half the price because my wife made him. I'm normally not that critical but both burgers were not very tasty. 14 dollars and 1 1/2 hours later we will never go back again. We are running to catch our movie....
2 Not fantastic. Drinks were good but the food was VERY LACKING!!! pffffffffffft!
3 The only great thing about this place is the cheap $0.49 wings on Tuesday and Thursdays.  Everything else is pretty average.  The happy hour prices are good and that ends at 7pm Mon-Fri.  I do not like how cramp'd the bar area is laid out.  Especially on a busy night and you're sitting on one of those tables in the middle and need to use the restroom.  You basically have to figure out a game plan to work your way out.
4 I only go in the bar on either tuesday or thursday for their wing specials. The bar service is great, they keep you're drinks full and you're order arrives quickly. I have never eaten inside the restaurant or anything else on their menu so I cannot judge them.
2 Water is nasty!!! Waitress very Unfriendly  Slow service! I would never go back!
2 The wings are great so we like to order them when we eat there or for pick up.  This time we ordered 48 wings and pizza for pick up.  When we got the food home and we found out we were shorted 12 wings.  WTF!!!  You think paying over $50 for our order they would double check your order, right?
2 Why oh why do I keep going back to this place?? The service is horrible. I have never once had even decent service at this location. Last night I watched my server flirt with every other server in the building as I waited for my drinks. I watched him walk around like he was in a frat house as I waited to place my order. I shrieked as he questioned everything that I ordered five times. I assumed he was just being thorough.  I listened to him gossip about partying with the other guys(past, present, and future) and the girls he was scamming on as I waited 58 mins for wings and pizza. I now know far more about the lives of the staff here than I'd care to know. When he finally decided to bring HALF OF MY ORDER, because he forgot to ring in the other half, he was apologetic and ran off to ring in the forgotten items, which he had originally confirmed 5 times, once again running away leaving our glasses empty. I watched him watch me as he paced anxiously awaiting the food he forgot and tell the other servers so they could stare at us as well. Once he noticed I was watching him he completely abandoned our table and the area. At this point, we are 67 minutes into this dismal restaurant experience where we have empty glasses, half our food and no silverware to attempt to eat what we do have. All the other servers were congregating across the room so we couldn't ask them either. We were atleast able to eat some wings with no napkins, like heathens, but hey those were good I have to admit. Finally he brings the rest of our order and then runs away from our table and abandons us once again with absolutely nothing we needed(napkins, drinks, silverware, condiments, etc.) and we didn't  have a chance to say anything. He was outta there BUT he did come back eventually... to give us our bill!! Thanks guy! We did talk to a manager and she apologized. It's unfortunate that they have good wings here. I have never had a good experience at this location. They keep inviting me back and I keep giving them chances and it gets worse and worse. That was their last chance. Lost a fan!!
2 My yelp review for the missing dozen wings got the Manager's attention back in December 20, 2012, so I thought I would write an update.  Message from the Manager:  I have put you in my manager log for a dozen wings on us.  Please let us know immediately if there is ever a problem and we will happily correct it. If you wouldn't mind updating your yelp review stating that this has been resolved, we would greatly appreciate it.  That is nice that they really read the reviews.  I just have not had time to go back since December.  Thanks for reaching out to your customers.
2 Not great and not horrible  Went for lunch with my wife.  Wings were sour and had little meat on the bones.  Service was slow.  Drinks were empty for extended periods, then refilled with things we didn't order.  Sandwiches were sloppy and lacked flavor.  Restaurant is marginally clean.  Prices are higher than the quality and service by a lot.    Was edible, though.
5 We have a group of friends that love coming to Native New Yorker as our Sunday night ritual after church. Our favorite server, SJ, always welcomes us with a friendly smile and ready to help, even if she's not our server that night. The restaurant world could use a lot more of her, and learn a lot from her. The atmosphere is relaxed and we love hanging around and eating some good, sloppy wings!
5 All those with negative reviews please go back and check out the new staff very friendly and polite with excellent service. We had an excellent time with our waiter and will be back many more times to come!
5 Kelsey was my server on Sat night (a karaoke night might I add) and she was constantly refilling my drinks, bringing me napkins and even asked if I wanted a to-go box. I was so pleased I gave her a nice tip I mean seriously I don't understand why everyone has downgraded this place so much! And their chicken flatbread appetizers were AMAZING seriously it's been a while since I've had food so tasty that separates it from the rest of the chains. I was very satisfied and pleased with this place despite all the horrible reviews.
4 Been to this location a few times. Only had bad service once. Otherwise I've had good experiences with this location.
3 Well, I stopped in here after taking my sons to the movie theater near by. I am a big fan of the wings at NNY. I thought this visit was going to be like the rest...however that was not the case. One of my pet peeves about this place is that they serve pizza on the pizza stands but there is never enough room on the table for the stand, plates, drinks and other food that may be ordered. It was like we had to constantly shift dishes to pass wing plates to each other.  Another pet peeve about this place is there are only 2 good waitresses. The others are spacey and unprofessional.  The space for the family friendly part of the restaurant is small and they packed too many tables into it. It felt like I was really back in NY at a pizza joint. I sent my son in the mens bathroom to use the bathroom like I normally do. But this time he came out with his pants wet. At first I thought he wet himself, but then when I peeked into the mensroom, I saw that one if the urinals was clogged and flooding the floor. I told the hostess at the front and she said she would tell someone. I went to the back to pack our food up because we had to leave. It took me about 15 minutes to pack our food and wait for the check. Why is it that whenever it's time for the check, the waitress is always no where to be found?! Anyway, I told the waitress about the bathroom as well. I was really bummed that we had to leave early because of my sons pants being wet with other men's urine on them. Otherwise, the food (pizza and wings) was good as usual. The service could have been better.
1 My husband and I love their honey hot chicken wings BUT everytime we come here the service is always bad. You have people working at the front with no personality or whatsoever.  Then the girl that takes you to your seat on her butt can hear.  She need to speak up and they need someone at the front who is cheerful and happy to work there.  Then the waitresses are so slow you have to keep looking for them. Ughh so frustrating and it really ruins your night.  I will never go back to this location.
4 Im still on the hunt to find the BEST wings out here in Phoenix...as of now...i really like the wings they serve at Native New Yorker ...not the best wings I've ever had but they are certainly delicious!  so if you guys know of any places where they sell BOMB wings let me know!...This was my first time coming to this place here in Phoenix, and we came on a Sunday, during the football games...and surprisingly is was not packed at all. we got seated right away...the waitress we had though took forever taking our order and serving the food...and it wasn't like it was busy or anything because like i said it wasn't even packed...that was my only complaint :) the people here get really into the games that are going on and they even yell at the TV and it just makes for good entertainment
1 The service at this location is always sub par; I'm not sure why we tried it again.  I ordered traditional wings and got served mini KFC drumsticks without any sauce.  When I asked to send them back because I miss understood what they thought "traditional hot wings" were they argued with me about it.  Not just one person, but 3; at separate times.  They did finally replace the offending pollo, but it still wasn't awesome.  Sad to say I won't be going back to Native for wings anymore....and that's what they're "known for".
5 I've eaten here a bunch of time because I LOVE the wings (especially Hot BBQ and Hot w/Asiago parmesan dusting)! I always get them Extra Crispy and them make them perfectly. The wings a bomb, the beer is cold, the servers are cool, Karaoke nights are fun, and $.55 wings on Tuesdays are a great deal. Writing this review makes me want to go grab a bite there right now...  Note: I sit in the bar side 90% of the time, but the 1 time I sat in the restaurant side, the service was good as well. Also, I've only had pizza and wings here, so I don't know how the rest of the food tastes.
2 Been coming here since '06 and they still won't stock MGD. If it wasn't for the friendly staff and a few managers I would drink elsewhere .oh and the piped in music is horrible. Should of kept the juke box. Beer is over priced.
4 We had really fantastic service at this location. I wasn't expecting to have a fantastic experience, but it was. The wings were good, the chicken sandwhich was really great. ok fries (don't know why they call them extra long or extra crispy - they're just regular fries, but have some skin on them, which is good). Really great bbq sauces. They have Pibb Xtra, which I enjoy. Service was amazing though...not sure what everyone else is talking about.
4 I have been to this Native many times over the past year. Overall, I have been satisfied with the service and the food. There are times where I had to wait a little bit longer for food, but they were busy so it was understandable. I do recommend this place to people in the area.
3 We stopped by to grab a beer and get some food at the bar. We sat and it felt like there had been a low rider car show and this NATIVE was the location for the after party. So we decided to drink our beers and take our food to go. Bartender was slow, she had no help but manager was great, he presented our food and opened the wings and pizza we ordered to make sure we were happy with it! Kudos to the manager of the night. The girls that worked there gave each other faces and the stink eye! None of them seemed to want to help one or the other! Sad! One word.... HOOD! You want to be around people live in the 90's thinking gangsta is in style this is your place! HOOD! Food and drink specials always great the people who go to this location...HOOD!
2 Ate there on 5/11/2014 the wings were not very hot and not as tasty as wing stop, three in our party had burgers and I had the sliders all were dry and flavorless like ground up cardboard, cooks must have had anything close to seasonings removed from their presence,at least a little salt and pepper would be a plus.Don't think we will be back,but the fries did have good flavor and were not cold.
5 A wing place with great wings but the food is all good.  Casual. Cold beer, lots of TV's.
2 Came in at 700 pm Saturday night  place is clean  .  Waitresses were slow. Handling to many tables each 30 minute ticket times   food was average    I'll skip next time ......
4 Yep, I obviously like wings. I keep going back. Service isn't the best but the wings sure are pretty good and so is the pizza. I guess if you don't care whether or not you have drinks to wet your whistle this place is great. Good thing the wings are cheap on Tuesdays. Really makes up for the sucky service when the bill comes.
3 I enjoy the ambiance the quality televisions, and sports bar feel. The food is par.  But I hate when I grab a menu and it's filthy. I find this common at a lot of sports bars. Maybe native can rise above this disgusting oversight
