4 In this suburban area of North Phoenix / Cave Creek the choices for carry-out pizza are Barro's (diagonally across the street), Pizza Hut, and Domino's (both a couple of miles north). If you've never been to Barro's, think sugary sauce. Come to think of it, the same is true of Dominos. So far I've tried only the "traditional Italian crust" pizza at Rosatis, and I found it to be very good. This is primarily a carry-out / delivery location, but there are a few seats inside, as well as a flat screen TV to watch while you're waiting. They have pizza by the slice on weekdays until 3pm.
4 Re-opened under NEW management and they are back in the groove.  Have had several deliveries and always nice and hot when it gets there.  I always get extra sauce as they do tend to skimp a little, and extra crispy crust.  If you like a thin crispy crust this is it.   We actually live just outside the delivery area delineated by the previous owners.  The new owners called up to tell us they will deliver to us at the regular charge (which is always free with coupon)!  They also call sometimes after the delivery to make sure everything was alright.  Excellent customer service.  Finally, a great pizza that can be delivered to us folk in the far north boonies.
4 I'll start off by saying that I've heard in the past they've been hit or miss (possibly more miss than hit). As I am only a recently Arizona resident I cannot validate this. What I will say is that right now they seem to be doing something right judging by the amount of phone calls they take and people picking orders up when I do the same. I've ordered carry out several times and what I've received is something consistent with well-balanced flavors. This is not your sweet sauce style of pizza. In fact, they don't use a lot of sauce at all which may or may not be your kind of thing. The crust is the thin crispy type. I can tell you that one of these little square slices is good the next day.  My only complaint is that as the cheese is not the ooey gooey stringy type so the toppings and cheese do have a tendency to slide off the crust when you bite in. But it doesn't really matter when you've got the flavor to make up for it.  Now if you excuse me... another slice is calling me.
2 Too expensive and not worth it. I was waiting for a pie when a man came in to pick up his order of two pies and some side dish. $50?? For some dough, sauce and cheese...really?   When I went home and ate the pizza, I was disappointed. It wasn't anything special.   Go to Barro's across the street. Much better.
1 Good but too pricey for what they serve (not much better than the big chains).  They should go on groupon and lower prices and this place could be popular in an area without a lot of options.
3 Good Food. Fast Delivery.
5 I'm hooked on this pizza! Love it. Fast delivery.
5 Yummy! There are around 5 pizza places nearby. This one has the best food for the price. Lots of options and pizza tastes fresh. Not sure why the reviews are not better for this place than the Barro's place across the street ...I went by reviews and trued that place first and that place was nasty
2 The last three times the toppings on the pizza fall far short of the edge. In fact, all of the outer pieces had no toppings. Quite a waste of money, considering how pricey. I called to inquire about this, no answer, just "sorry". It's too bad, because this is my favorite pizza, when prepared properly. I'm done.
1 There was mold on my daughters pizza. I called and told them and there only response was to tell me to call back tomorrow because there was no manager on duty... I left my contact info and was never called.
