4 Open 24 hours. Of course, it's Vegas, after all.  You walk in and it's like a game show:  Door #1 or Door #2.  On your right, the entrance to the bar. On your left, the entrance to the dining area.   We were in the mood for something comfort-foody and fun near the house, so my Hostest with the Mostest in LV took me here.  Prices with a beer are around $15-20 per person- dining area is small but NOT smoky b/c there's a glass partition between the dining area and the bar (hurray.)   Service was good, friendly- they have multiple flat screens that show sporting events and the like, so i would imagine, a fun place for a meal and then drinks during The Big Game/Match/whatever.   Menu items are burgers, salads, sandwiches, fish and chips.... Your main good ol' American Standards, and the ambiance is low-light 'lodgey' which is kind of a nice change. Not as Lodge-y as The Great Northern, but still, fun.
2 Locals who have put in 20+ visits in its short history are better qualified to speak on this, so this will be a review based on one sandwich. But I'll get this out of the way: nice interior, nice TVs, better than average (for a bar) French onion soup.  For a late dinner, I had the "Tri Tip Dip" which is described as roasted tri-tip stuffed into a french roll served au jus.  Let's consider the lies.  First, it comes with some processed cheese not mentioned on the menu (correct me if I'm wrong). Next, this meat is clearly not roasted, but processed, tasting almost exactly like steak-umms. The meat itself contained some sizeable chunks of un-chewable gristle.  Tri-tip, even untrimmed, contains no gristle, so it had to be some other inferior cut.  Au jus means "its own juices", but this was certainly some sort of reconstituted powder (or worse) with very little beef taste to speak of.  But it did improve the sandwich.  Lastly, the roll has more in common with a hot dog bun than a baguette.  You don't get to call a roll "French" just because of its shape.  There was a distinct smell of skunk coming from one of the cars in the parking lot on our way out.  Must have been the chef.
4 my roomies and I love the lodge, we live about 5 minutes away so this is a great place to go to after work for a few drinks and late night eats, I go for either the mushroom burger, spinach dip (with 1/2 garlic bread 1/2 chips) or the BLT on sourdough, a little pricey at about $9 for a burger but after midnight the bartenders and waitstaff are super nice and it's convenient to where we live.  **I've won a couple times on bar slots too woohoo!
4 This place has a decent menu with good food and reasonable prices. Most of the lunches and breakfasts are under $10. Drink prices are not bad either. My girlfriend and I often like to come here for breakfast.   The crowd is usually fairly light. The bar area is very clean and has plenty of room for socializing with friends in a cozy environment. There are pool tables in the back. A separate dining room is present if you want to eat away from the occasional smokers in the bar.
3 This is definitely a local spot. But come on look where it's at. As far as bars go it's sort of limited in Southern Highlands. But the lodge isn't bad, I've come here many of times for drinks and the bartenders are rather cool. I love playing pool here when I get the chance and the food is , well normal bar food. Nothing bad. The atmosphere is very laid back but I only thing (and it's what all lodges have) is I tend to get too relaxed and want to head home to sleep...
5 The Lodge at Cactus is my second home:) It's a neighborhood bar... Like Cheers, I go here because everyone knows my name. Fun, friendly staff, good food, great drinks, and sports on the TVs. What more could you want in a bar?
5 If you're in the Southern Highlands area looking for a place to relax, unwind, and grab a drink, this is the place for you!  They have a great, friendly staff, a wide selection of alcohol at the bar, and tasty bar food!  My favorites to order are the Country Fried Chicken and their Garlic Parmesan Chicken Fingers.  I often go here late at night with some friends to hang out, grab some drinks, and play pool.
4 Lodge is a wonderful neighborhood bar in Southern highlands.  Great bar food and drinks and awesome place to watch football and basketball.  Staff is cool and attentive.  Good happy hour bar food menu.
3 This place is decent for a local neighborhood bar, better than PT's...I like that it is located in Southern Highlands in a nice area.  Chill, laid back vibe..you can chill at the bar and watch sports or you can sit in the non-smoking area and eat also.  They have 2 pool tables for those people that like to shoot pool.  In terms of food...their burgers are really good and their fried twinkie with ice cream desert is really addicting! This is a great place to either pre-game before going out or to finish up the night.  Whenever I'm in Southern Highlands chillin with friends, we'll always hit this place up.
3 This bar reminds me of an upscale PT's. It has gaming but also has pool tables and food. Drinks were kinda high
1 My husband and I went there with 2 other couples.  Had a good time, but a few days later we all noticed that they charged an additional tip on our cards.  If it just happened to one of us I would count it as human error, but all 3 of us had anywhere from $10 to $17 of additional tip on our bills.  It was quite noticeable since we each only had 1 or 2 drinks.  I am pissed that I left her $5 on a $16 bill now!!!! She should have got nothing!!
2 This is the 4th time we have been at this Lodge.  I'm not sure why we come back because there service is always bad.  They have changed the menu and what we had was very good but there waitress service is always very slow.  They never have enough staff.  Not sure if we will come back and it is unfortunate because we live in the area.
3 I actually prefer this Lodge to the others in the area. For whatever reason, it just seems lighter and prettier. It is less of a party-like scene and more friendly. And the bartenders are nicer. Plus, karaoke nights are kinda fun and awesome.
4 A great place to enjoy some cocktails and food or to shoot a game of pool. The prices are reasonable and the quality is definitely much better than any other bar food.  The servers and bartenders were always super friendly and on top of their game. It is much cleaner and the food is better then Pt's and the atmosphere much cozier.  Through the high, wooden ceiling the space feels open....you won't have that depressing, dark "gaming bar feeling".
1 This place is great. EXCEPT... dont expect to get ANY service if you like to play pool, Golden Tee, or Buck Hunter. Unless your dating someone there or are foolish enough to gamble ungodly amounts of money. You could probably pack your own drinks in and nobody would notice. My friends call it the area of invisibilty. We are currently looking fo another place to regular at.
2 We live right across the street so we used to be regulars here. The last time we were here(which happened to be this morning), we waited a good ten minutes before we saw a server, although we could hear them chatting up their weekend plans in the kitchen.  It took another ten minutes to get our drinks. After waiting another fifteen+ minutes for someone to come back and take our order, we finally gave up, left some money on the table for our drinks and left. This will be the last time we visit this place. Unfortunately the food isn't good enough to have to deal with such awful service.
1 Terrible experience, ordered to go from the bar and the order was incorrect.  Very simple order, only 2 items from the menu and they did not get it correct.  The worst part of the experience was chasing down a bartender/waitress when I showed up just to get my order in.  Service to the customers was clearly the last thing on all of their minds as I stand there waiting just to place my order.  I am a very understanding person when it comes to being busy but the place was fairly quiet.
2 The Food was good!  Service staff were weak!     Good beer and food.    It's always the people who bring the dinning down!   Good luck next time!
4 Good food and never too busy. Salads are fresh, onion rings crisp, not greasy and the sourdough bread has flavor. We are quickly becoming regulars as the pricing is good. Service is friendly, but sometimes a little slow. Since the area has so few choices for inexpensive dining, frankly I am surprised that they are never crowded here.
4 It took me 2 years to realize that this place was a true gem. It's literally 1 minute away from my house, but I never cared to go in. After one long night, my boyfriend and I decided to check this place out. We were really impressed with how their food tasted, especially the NY Steak and Eggs! It is now our late night spot & I love how they're open 24 hours.  I also recommend the Salmon with Lemon Pepper Shrimp and the Ahi appetizer for all you fish/seafood lovers.
5 Excellent Staff & GREAT Food!!!  I just recently moved to a new house in the area and I love coming here after work beautiful nice bartenders great food and fun people to mingle with!! Not a better place you can ask for and I truly love it here! Ask for jennifer shes a awesome bartender always on point and great to socialize with!!!!  Love my new local bar !!!!
5 My family and I go here weekly!! Usually on Wednesday nights because all food & drinks are half off!! The food is so great and I love their servers! Katie is our favorite but they are all fantastic!! All their food taste homemade which is the best part!
1 Would not recommend this place for an early lunch. The service was awful, the wait was long, and our order was wrong. I didn't think ordering chicken fingers was that elaborate or confusing. My mistake!
5 Superb wait staff and very fun atmosphere.  This could be a great Sunday hangout with FB season about to start!
5 We go 3-4 times a month if not more.  GREAT food, GREAT bar staff.  Often they have great dining specials  We were referred to the Shelbourne location for crab legs....AHHHH MAZING! so we decided to see the cactus location for their rib eye.. DELICIOUS.  We'll be back  as usual.  Wish they would coming food and bar on the same  tab
5 The Ahi Wrap was incredible.  So damn good!!!!
1 I am disappointed in this place. I was a huge fan of coming here for drinks and food. I absolutely love their shrimp fajitas. All my friends that have come with me before no longer come because every time we receive awful service. I kept giving it a chance but today was my last visit.   My husband and I went in for some food and drinks. We received our menu and immediately knew what we wanted to order. So we sat and waited. 15 minutes later somebody finally asked if we were ok and I told her we wanted to order. The food came out, it was good and then we were ready for our check. The bartender asked if we needed anything and I said "yes a to-go box and our checks." She then went on to doing other things, including taking shots with other guests and chatting it up with the people next to us. We waited a good 20 minutes and then we decided to just leave. I left $20 cash on the table. That should have covered most of the bill but I don't really care, they should have been more attentive to us. I have never walked out on a place before until now.I work in a restaurant as well and I would never be so in attentive to a guest. Management needs to do something about their staff.
4 Food was excellent and the waitress was cute. Will definitely be back for both.  Not sure how long yelp wants the reviews to be so this is just filler.
4 I came in to celebrate a friends birthday, so I did not get to try any of their food or drinks. This is just a review of the experience. Thy have really high ceilings and a great environment. Although smoking is allowed at the bar, I did not smell it. They have a pool table, shooting game, and a golf game towards the back. They were pretty entertaining. Also, the service was great. We were often asked what we needed and in a timely fashion. I also love the seating around the bar.  There is a closed-off area of the lodge that is for non-smoking. It actually even has a different entrance than the bar. I think this is great, since people don't want to smell smoke when they are eating.  I hope to come back to try their food.
4 This bar is awesome. It has pool tables, a fire place, lounge area and it has so much space. The bartenders are so attentive and are ready to fill up your drink whenever you need it. I like coming here.
1 Well all I can say is the chicken wings we ordered were still half frozen when served to us. We told the server, he reaches onto our plate and grabs a wing off of it, then says "yea, you're right, let me tell the cook" He comes back out and takes another wing off the plate to "check if they're all cold" at this point I don't want any of the food on the plate after his hands have been in it. The nachos were very, um, creative? They had canned stewed tomatoes. Stewed tomatoes. Gross.  I asked for a greyhound with kettle one, which was basically ocean spray white grapefruit juice, no kettle one.   So in closing, I'd say avoid this place. Go next door to Roberto's. You have a better chance of getting decent nachos.
1 The worst place in Las Vegas for service. It sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!! They train their people to not make eye contact. Takes forever for food or drink. Lard ass bartender is a joke. Tall and stupid .  I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1 Used to really like this place. But just came here and sat for 40 minutes and no one ever came up to us. Got up and left. Huge disappoint.
1 Service was friendly but REALLY slow, as always.  We came 4 their Valentine's special but they ran out of bottles of Chardonnay.  Wat kind of bar manager lets his bar run out of Chardonnay on Valentines Day?
3 The place is cool, except for the angry looking Asian man (must be management??) that stands at the end of the bar with his arms crossed..not sure what his purpose is, maybe he's a bouncer??    Don't see that in other local bars... Weird...
1 First time and last time. Came in for a drink and some food. Bartender was cold as ice. No thanks and come again from her after leaving her a pretty good tip. She could care less. First impression was very awful. Food was ok but super greasy. I would never return with so many options in Las Vegas.
1 Ouch! I never wished I steped foot inside this bar. The female bartender seemed liked we were a nuisance in between her twitter updates. I wish I could get paid to update my social media status instead of serving my customers. Didn't even bother to stay to try the food. We left after one drink because of the poor service. It was not a pleasurable experience.
3 Nice local bar with decent pub food.   I enjoy breakfasts here with my little girl on the weekends. And go Wednesday nights for buy one get one free entrees.   I really like the sandwiches and the salads. My little one likes the sliders and chicken fingers.   Only draw back, the service can be a bit slow, so if your in a hurry recommend asking for check or it might not come.
1 Looking forward to watching basketball and having dinner at the bar.  The menu said chicken Marsala with grilled chicken on a bed of linguine and a Marsala sauce.  Imagine my surprise when I was brought a plate with spaghetti and an oily coated sauce and chopped up chicken.  No Marsala sauce and no linguine.  The waitress came by and asked how I liked it and I told her I didn't and it wasn't as described in the menu.  She said oh.  I asked her if she new the difference between spaghetti and linguine and she said no and I said neither does the chef. Next time I saw her was when she gave me a bill for $16.  Won't be returning.
4 We sit at the bar and enjoy the music and sports on the HD TV's.  They have a separate dinning area.  Great food and service.  We recently moved into the neighborhood and have frequented The Lodge several times.  The bartenders are friendly and courteous.  They have a couple of pool tables and a Golden Tee golf game.  Nice place to kick back and enjoy your favorite game while enjoying a meal or cocktail.
4 Went there to kill time while I was getting my car serviced at Tire Works. Though I have been here before, and this was my fourth time coming here, I felt compelled to give my two cents about this place. In particular the service and food I received on my last visit.  Consistent great customer service. Both the bartender and waitress were extremely friendly & helpful. Decent bar food and prices. I had the wings n fries. Hot n spicy like I like them, and the fries were crispy!! The video poker machine was being good to me and my drink of Seagrams 7 Diet Coke was spot on, served in a decent size glass with the right amount of ice!! Overall I had a great experience on my last visit & made my time fly while waiting for my car's new tires next door. The only thing is don't order any mix drink. They use the heavy syrup bottle stuff ( Bloody Mary's, margaritas) other than that...if you stick to beer and straight up liquor drinks...you'll be fine!! This is the only reason why I did not give 5 stars.
2 Worst. Bartender. Ever.   One night I left because I couldn't catch his eye, among about all three patrons. Came back tonight because well, a girl works up a thirst and there isn't much in this neck of the desert. Same tall drip, same problem. Maybe I should put my tits on the bar.     However, there is a pool table, the food is decent, Jane's Addiction was on the muzak when I arrived and the waitresses on the floor seem personable.
4 One of my boyfriends favorite places come eat it had one of the best salads I have had in a long time chicken almonds on a bed of greens with balsamic dressing. My boyfriend loves the streak with the mushroom sauce he's in food a coma. Make sure to get Lauren she is wonderful so attentive, sweet, and friendly. They are lucky to have her working for them .
