1 Nothing says good morning like a cup of hot piss to wake you up.   Lord help me, I hate this place with the fury of a thousand suns. I have successfully avoided Starbucks for years. Which is easy because I hate coffee. Now, I understand that some people really love the coffee here. I can't vouch for that. Some people also love coming here because I guess it's easier to drink 1200 calories than just eat it. If I'm going to drink my calories, I want it to be in vodka but that's a whole other thing.  So like I said, I don't drink coffee. And StarFucks just sucks for the non-coffee drinkers. I had a gift card so I thought I'd give it one last whirl. I ordered a venti hot green tea. Simple. No double pumps or any of that other craziness. Huzzbend wanted a carmel macchiato with extra carmel and whipped cream (yes, that is entirely girl and I did make fun of him). It was way easier for the "baristas" to get his drink than to pour me a cup of tea. The exchange went a bit like this:  Me: And a venti hot green tea. Girl: Green tea latte? Me: No, just hot tea. Girl: So you want that iced?  Me: HOT GREEN TEA. Girl: Sweetened or Unsweetened? Me: Unsweetened.  And then I got handed an iced green tea.  This is my beef about StarFucks. They don't know how to do a cup of tea. You don't pour scalding hot water on the bags. It makes the tea oily and bitter. But they don't know that. So there I am with some green tea that tastes like a pair of dirty underwear that has been laying in the dirt. Huzzbend said his drink was fine, which I'm sure it is. For some mind-boggling reason, it is easier for them to process Venti soy latte no water 548795 pumps of hazelnut half caf then hot green tea.  And funny thing is, I had to put the information in Yelp about this location. With all the 600 stores they have in Phoenix, this one is not there.
1 I usually don't write reviews for huge chains like this, but sometimes you just gotta vent.  Hit the drive-thru on Black Friday with the wife.  I ordered a Venti (large) caramel brulee latte, while she got a Tall (small) Pep Mocha latte.  The total was approximately $8.  I roll up to the window, and hand the cashier a $5 plus a coupon for one free drink.  I'd assume that she'd take off the most expensive one, or at least ask, but no, she didn't ask.  So I was expecting about $1 plus change, and was surprised when the cashier gave me $.18.  I questioned which drink she took off, wondering why the venti wasn't the free drink.  Her rational to me was that 'it wasn't that big of a difference because both drinks are about $4'.  I questioned her, specifically asking her if venti and tall drinks really cost the same.  She insisted that yes they did.  Of course, she proceeded to hand me the receipt, I saw that was false (which I already knew).  Yes, it was only a dollar, but this was a complete and utter customer service failure.  If I had not said anything, I could understand, but I questioned which drink she took off and she either lied to me, or was too incompetent to know the price difference.  Additionally, annoying is that I promptly sent an email to Starbucks customer service and a full week later, I have not received a response.  Zero stars to this location and zero stars for no email response from Starbucks corporate.  UPDATE:  I'm upgrading this location to a half of a star.  Starbucks corporate finally contacted me about my letter about 10 days or so after I sent it.  While the email they sent me was apologetic, they did not answer any of my questions about Starbucks policy.  Lame.
3 Always a pleasant experience
4 Another one of my favorite locations. Nice friendly staff, helpful and forgiving if you make a stupid mistake!
3 Small inside, but they also have a drive through. I love this Starbucks because its such a convenient location, right before the 51.  I came a couple times to study before school and used the free wifi, They still offer the free iTunes cards too.   I'm a rare person who drinks tea from here, so my drinks aren't expensive (in the $2-$4 range) whether it's hot or iced.  I haven't had any issues with the baristas.
2 Closest Starbucks to my house and the WORST Starbucks in town! They mess up the simplest of orders and have attitude when they can't figure out how to fix a problem. I have to drive an extra 5 minutes to the next closest Starbucks(40th and Greenway) but it is worth it because they are awesome-always get it right-and their coffee does not taste like I licked an ashtray!
1 I went here before a movie and got an iced coffee.  I asked if they would honor the refill price if I came back after the movie and was exited when they said yes.  I thought I had a new pre-movie routine since I go to the harkins across the street often.  I went back and was now told I need to pay full price.  The gal I talked to before was no longer working.  They wouldn't honor the refill price when I explained what I was told earlier.  That's horrible customer service!  Won't be coming back!
5 DUH!  Starbucks hires only the best!  Always fast, friendly service
5 A friendly staff, great location, and big inside.  This is one of my favorite Starbucks locations.  Well the one on 16th and Bethany is my favorite, but this one is up there...!
5 Fast in the drive thru....awesome service. baristas are so friendly and nice
5 awesome store, friendly employees, and a really fast drive thru. my favorite location in the valley!
4 Coffee, coffee, and more coffee.  Gotta have it. Love the people that work at this location, we always banter back and forth like nutballs.
5 They are busy like everyone says, but it's pretty obvious that they try their best and move quickly. Always polite, always accurate!
4 We frequent this location on the weekends on our way out for the day.  The drive through is usually quick, although there have a handful of times they've messed up our drink order.  On the whole though they do a good job with the drinks, and the food is always fresh.  We've also been in a few times, and the experience is similar.  The staff are friendly, and the place is clean.  It's definitely one of the smaller SB locations.
