1 Thank you Meineke (on serene) for not topping off my windshield wiper fluid.  All I wanted was an oil change, and that's about all you'll get at this place.  Of course they were out of the advanced oil that would let me go 5,000 miles before changes.  I also thought it was customary for them to fill up your windshield wiper fluid.  Fat chance.  They also said I need a new air filter, but they didn't have the kind my car needs.  Thanks.  The good news is there's a few places really close (wienerschnitzel/taco bell) to grab some food while you wait.  The bad news is the place is right across the street from Silverado High School, so you have to dodge teenagers if you're there around 2pm.
4 I am not a mechanic, but I thought they did a good job.  They were pretty friendly and helpful.  They did my bakes on all four wheels even when I went to the shop an hour and half prior to closing.
1 5 months later, my car start to shake when I step on brakes. We took the car to the shop and were told the rotor is warped and needed to be turned and resurfaced. That will cost me about $250 front and back.   Wait a minute, I just got done with my brake at your shop not even 6 months and you want to charge me again?? That is bullshit!   I had this car for 9 years, and I only had to change the brakes only once, which was 6 months ago with you guys, and I have problems with them again in 5 months. Something smells here.  And you said only the brake pads are under warranty?? Labor not included?? Another bullshit!
5 I won't take my car anywhere else ever again. I bought a groupon for 20% off brakes somewhere else. I took my car there and got an estimate for over $700 just for front and rear pads and machining the rotors. They also gave me an entire list of other repairs my car desperately "needed." I said absolutely not and called Meineke. He told me to come on over and he'd take a look. My brake pads were at 80%, I needed new rotors in the front only, and he said there wasn't a single problem from the list that he would recommend for my car. I was in and out in an hour and it cost me $216. These guys are honest and ethical.
4 Over the past two years I've had my car into Meineke's twice.  Once for brakes another for shocks.  On both occasions only the work that was needed was done.  They didn't try to sell me work that didn't need done.  I found the workers to be professional.
5 my militarys on took his car into this meineke shop because of his breaks squeaking.  The called him son after to let him know his breaks were fine and no repairs were needed.  Nice job fellas
4 It's tough sometimes to not know what is actually wrong with your vehicle, but I felt safe at Meineke. Sure, they did their best to upsell me on other products, but gave me a fair deal with excellent customer service.
4 I've been taking my car here for the last couple of years.  I find that they are very honest and up front with you.  On a couple of occasions when I think I needed a diagnostic and they would say no we know it is this and you don't need a diagnostic, saving me the money.  If you take your car for 4 oil changes your 5th one if free and they keep track of it for you!
5 Under new management for the past four months. I took my Jeep and Lexus here the past two days. They did a free brake inspection and then told me exactly how much it would be to fix what need to be done. Oddly enough my brakes were good in both cars, just need my discs to be replaced in the jeep which ended up being cheaper then putting on brakes. I'm a happy camper!
4 Came in here to have a oil change done since my complex doesnt look too kindly on working on your own car.  I brought in my own fluids and filter and just had them do the labor. It was a car I just picked up and they did a decently thorough look through of my car.  Also found out i needed to replace my hi pressure power steering hose. Prices can be a bit steep depending on what you need done, but after I gave them my email address they already started sending me coupons.  I also came back here to replace my fuel filter and I brought in my own part. Couldn't have gone smoother.  I will most likely be back for a oil change again when time is up. I also talked to one of the workers and they said that they can accommodate lowered cars.
5 Justin was so great! Supper knowledgeable and does not push /try to tell you your car needs any extra work!  They did FREE oil chabges for all vets on veterans day:)!   Both me &my bf came in. His check engine light was on &they figured out that it was just because he didn't scew on the gas cap after gassing up hard enough so that was good bewa.  I got an oil change there for a good price and they changed out my oil plug which was apparently the wrong one put on @a crappier place(i only paid $5for the new one), but its a good thing they did b4 it caused any damage:)  Great place, good service,  pleasant experience! :)
5 Being a single female I get a little intimidated taking my car in for maintenance but these guys made it so easy and comfortable. I was not pushed to purchase anything and what I did need was explained to me in "girl" terms. Very satisfied.
1 Won't go to this shop again in my life. Customer service thumb down I have to give 1 star. I really want to give them 0 star
