4 Salute is also being called the "zebra club" for obvious reasons when you see the black and white striped decore of the lounge. It is a small lounge located near the gaming tables at the Palazzo. The bar is the ordinary bar you find at any casino - but what makes this lounge worth your visit is the music. In the evening they have an excellent piano player, turning the lounge into a relaxing piano bar just right for some meaningful conversation. Later in the evening the lounge hosts an excellent 4 piece band. They rock out and both guitar players are excellent. Their drummer is a fine vocalist and they make for an enjoyable drinking experience. The evening we spent in the lounge the music was just supurb. Go for the music .....
4 This bar was completely empty on a Monday at 3:00pm. Not that I expected it to be full, but I thought I'd let everyone know!  The decor is nice. There is a small stage for a band. The drinks are awesome here. If you order a sprite and vodka you get a huge mai Thai kind of cup with a carafe of soda and you pour it in yourself. I thought that was a very cool idea. We didn't stay here for longer then 30 mins so we missed the music. But I bet its chill.
3 Great place to wind up. The dueling chick piano players were very entertaining in that cheesy vegas way. They handled the crowd well, doling out insults yet remaining likable.   Huge negative is that they seriously water down the mixed drinks, even the Patron shots! My margarita tasted like all mix and no tequila. Stick to beer to be sure you're getting your alcohol's worth.
4 I guess the real reason I first dropped by Salute Lounge was because I knew the waitress that was working there and was she glad to see me back again.  The band that was performing here before was really good that they made me come back every night during my last trip there, they performed a nice Michael Jackson tribute medley and nice classic R&B tunes.  They're not there anymore, so I'm not sure how good the dueling pianos are, it's a shame because they were a cool band.  So if you're at the Palazzo at night, this is a great place to just chill, have a drink, and listen to some great music.
1 I understand it's a piano bar but why would you run off the entire crowd in the middle of the NFC Champion game so these 1/2 A$$ed piano players could start the entire crowd left the only people that were there after that were the 2 piano players and the waitress and bartender ??????????????
2 As a piano bar in Vegas, there are definitely better ones (Harrahs and New York New York). Stopped by twice and the singers/players each time were mediocre. No one was requesting and when we actually did give a request with money, they didn't play it for 45 minutes. I know what they were doing - they had our money so they wanted to keep us around. Boo hiss!   Cocktail service was very good. It's the same bar menu as the rest of the Venetian and Palazzo.   Also serves the wasabi peanuts and kalmata olives at the table.  More of an older crowd in their 40s+. Bar closes at 1 am.
5 The "funness" of this place depends on who is playing!   Our 1st night there was Friday night.  Great...Great fun!   We walked by on Sat, Sun and Monday evening and different performers had less of a crowd.  We stopped by on Monday night and had a drink...the girl/guy combo was just ok.  The crowd was boring.     Okay, here is why the 5 star review: We stopped by on Friday night about 10pm.  It was crowded, but our feet were sore so we searched out a couple seats along the wall.   Man, we were glad we stopped here.   If you see a bald white guy and another white guy with dark hair playing, stop in.   They were amazingly talented and funny.  Half the place was up dancing from 11pm to 2:30am.  Everyone was drinking and having a great time!  They sang happy birthday to a 21 yr old girl which was funny.  Then I requested a birthday song for my wife and it was absolutely hilarious and fun!   They could play and sing anything...from country to black eyed peas.   Definitely a night we will remember!!!
3 we came here last saturday looking for dueling pianos.  unofortunately, what we got instead was kareoke piano night.  it was okay.  i think i'd prefer dueling pianos more... but it was a good chill option for drinks and entertainment.
2 Located in the Palazzo, next to the Jersey Boys Theatre, this was the most convenient place for me and boyfriend to grab a drink and wait before our show.   -the piano guys, on stage, taking requests for any songs from the audience were ok; although I've seen/heard better -watered down drinks -nice decor with the dark plush/velvet lounges
3 Not a bad little spot to stop and grab a drink and listen to some dueling pianos however the deuling piano guys....sorry not the greatest. The songs they chose were fine and they took requests as well. Overall the voices were just not there.   My Goddess of Love drink (vodka, strawberries, and champagne) was excellent. The Fleur de Pear was good, but a bit sweet. For $14 each....meh. Way too overpriced. Yes, it's Vegas. Yes, it's the Palazzo. But seriously. Not exactly worth it. They provide cheap rice cracker and peanut snacks as well. It was decent to sit for a while and the atmosphere is neat. Dimly lit and cool glass structures hanging from the ceiling.
3 Good classic rock house band.  Decent drinks but found it a bit smoky.  It's Vegas though and it's allowed.
