4 AMAZING $3.95 BREAKFAST.  I am really not a fan of their lunch and dinner.  One time I got the king crab lebs and I had to send them back they were so nasty.  But breakfast is where this place really shines.   Monday - Friday 12am-11am.  Weekends 12am-1pm.  Huge portions and a slightly limited but good selection of entrees.  The omelettes, and chicken fried steak are a great and tasty value. I don't think anywhere can beat this breakfast, even the casinos.  Check it out and you won't be disappointed.
5 Good service Mickey and Larry are two of the best bartenders/servers in Las Vegas! If you like good seafood I recomend this place over Joe's Crab Shack anyday. Their fresh shrimp appetizers and sauce rule and the mahi mahi tacos are real delicious. Keep in mind they can blacken any food you like. I have literally seen people partyin and having a good time here then eat some nachos then fall into a food coma right after they finished their beer and meal. I travel for a living and this place is right off the freeway on my way home from McCarran Airport and it is the place I always stop for a good meal. Also like to mention a very mix class of people that go here. I have seen retired couples to biker groups and night club promoters at this place. It's nice check it out.
5 Just moved nearby.   As good as other top-notch Nevada-style pubs Steiners and Village Pub.  Specializing in seafood.  Had peel and eat shrimp- very fresh, and a Shrimp Buffalo Ranch Wrap- very good, not too spicy-not too bland.  Good service.  I will be back soon.
4 Nothing screams great place to hang out more than good food, good beer and good friends.   Since I'm somewhat new to town, I joined a Kickball league. Yeah, laugh all you want, but every week I get to hang out with cool people and play a "sport"....but afterwards, we all come to Shucks.   The drink prices are very reasonable, the food is solid. Try the Cuban wrap. Fricking amazing.   The servers are really great. I recommend Ashley. She is the coolest.   Also , this is a BIG Cowboys bar, so if you actually like that team, come here and hang out. I'm a Jets fan, but who cares. I like a good time, and I know I can find it here.   P.S. The booths are very comfortable. The bathrooms are clean. And again, try the Cuban Wrap.
1 I wanted to love this place. . . and everything I had tasted awesome! A solid four stars if my boyfriend hadn't gotten food poisoning from this place. $60 meal turned into a $600 hospital visit. . . enough said.
2 I was very impressed with the 2 for 1 burgers with endless fries! ... The oyesters are not bad either but not worth the price... Service was ok and you'll probably spend $10-15 on a meal.
5 Everything we have ever gotten at Shuck's has been great. The staff and service are friendly as can be. Go there.   Excellent seafood -- crabcakes as good as you can find anywhere, great seafood bisque, oysters Rockefeller, outstanding pasta including linguine with clam sauce, and the clambake is fantastic. Red Lobster, eat your heart out. I only wish Shuck's would open a branch in Colorado!
4 I LOVE THIS PLACE! The food is great. The specials are wonderful. Haven't tried their drinks yet besides beer. Service is pretty good as well. This is going to become my new favorite spot.  Thursdays = $1 oysters! Other specials I remember:  Tuesdays = $3 tacos (the mahi mahi is the best! Chicken and steak was good as well)  Sundays = 1/2 off wine bottles  Those are the days I have gone so far. Ordered the clam bake on thursday and it was a decent portion. Flavor of it was great (picture posted) Also they have a burger special BOGO FREE with fries and $2 for draft - the burger was cooked perfectly with bacon, mushrooms, and cheese. Also had raw oysters and rockafeller (a bit small, but good flavor). Calamari was yummy. Shrimp ceviche was PHENOMENAL!  Reason for missing the 5th star.. well, parking was small and food takes a little while.
4 I LOVE Shuck's Thursday's specials for Oysters. $1 dollah oysters! They also have this special on Sunday and Monday for the NFL games. I came here on Thursday and it wasn't busy...just a steady stream of customers.  We decided to come here for the oysters since it is oyster season...supposedly any month ending in "er" is oyster season.   We started off with 15 oysters and I decided on the Pear Martini. The Pear Martini was just ok, it just tasted like regular vodka with sprite. I decided to go with the shrimp tacos and a cup of the clam chowdah of course. The bf decided on a burger. Our oysters came out first....and it was love at first sight. They were so fresh and delicious...definitely in season! It left me wanting more....but I think 15 oysters is quite a bit for the two of us. The food came out shortly after we got our oysters...so between eating oysters and some soup (not at the same time), I felt like I was in heaven. However, I finally got to my shrimp tacos....I was so dissappointed. The shrimp was over cooked and just didn't taste like shrimp....and there was so much cabbage and dressing that it soaked through the tortillas.  The shrimp tacos were slightly redeemed by the french fries....those were crispy and tasty! I believe the bf loved his burger....but I'm sure that's not too hard to mess up.   5 stars for the oysters, 4 stars for the service and 2.5 stars for my shrimp tacos. Lesson learned...no shrimp tacos from Shucks but plently of oysters! I will be back to get more oysters on Thursday!
4 Everyone who comes here gets crabs!  Shuck's Tavern II on Flamingo is the perfect place to go for delicious crab legs and seafood.  The portions are generous, the service is quick, and the prices are very reasonable.    I would give this place 5 stars if it were only a seafood restaurant, but it is not.  There are many other options on the menu, and most are forgettable.  The Chicken Caesar wrap was awful, and should not be ordered.  The wrap was soggy with a bland dressing, and chewy chicken.   You wouldn't go to a pizza place and order a filet would you?  Stick to the delicious ocean fare at this tavern, and a few cold beers, and you can't go wrong.  This is a Dallas Cowboys bar, you have been warned.
2 The service was great. The lobster was like rubber, wasn't prepared right. Wasn't pleased with any of the dishes we had received.
5 Generous portion...Seared ahi- tdf!!  Seafood bisque awesome too. Love this place.last time I had crab Louie salad, also awesome. Went here for st. Patricks and it was hoppin!!! Today, around 2pm not busy, a good time to drop in and check it out
3 We started of with the $5 apps. The crab dip was good  decent amount of crab flavor and creamy, the clam strips were bigger then the stuff you get at long john silver, and the calamari was solid.  The oyster po boy was alright about  4 oysters in a hoagie roll , lettuce ,tom and tartar sauce no wow factor just alright. I would come back prices reasonable.
5 I am a local that works in the Vegas industry.  I come here after work to have oysters and great drinks with Larry (the best bartender).  He takes care of my friends and I all the time!  If you want great food and great service with awesome drinks, come see Larry!  Graveyard shift!  Oh ya baby!
4 I really don't get some of the low ratings that other users have posted. If you're looking for good quality Pub Food (Burgers, Sandwiches, Breakfasts, etc) served 24 hours a day, Shucks is Awesome. I haven't tried out their crab and oyster special nights but I've heard from friends they are pretty decent value.  I mostly go on the graveyard shift and they have some ridiculously low priced specials on Graveyard. Big Burger and Fries for $4, Omelets $4, and quite a few other options. The food is consistently good and high quality. The graveyard bartender ( I think his name is Larry) is super friendly, always has a menu ready for me, knows what I like to drink, and remembers my name and what I had eaten the time before even though it's sometimes a month or so between visits.  In Summary, Shucks is on my short list of places to stop for food late at night when I want something decent, I don't want to pay an arm and a leg, and just want to get in and out in a reasonable amount of time.  Jason
4 What I usually order is the 2 1/2 lb snow crab bucket ($5 off on Saturdays), dozen half shell oysters ($1 oysters on Thursdays) and their borracho oyster shooters ($2 oyster shooters on Thursdays)... Oh sooooo good! The crab legs are lightly seasoned and always warm, the oysters are always fresh. You have to order the fried cheesecake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream for dessert. Delicious! It is definitely one of my favorite spots to go to!
5 The Big Mothershucker burger is the best hamburger I have ever tasted. I wouldn't know this except for the fact that my nieces avoid seafood. They loved our dinner at Shucks, and -- as usual -- so did I. The snow crab legs are fantastic, and the lobster fingers are too. I think you can't go wrong here.
3 Came here after an evening of ice skating. It was a Friday night and still relatively quiet. The place is pretty cute (themed) and the bar area is roomy so I imagine there would still be a good amount of space even if it had been crowded. My friend and I had gotten a coupon off the restaurant's site ($27.95 for dinner for two). The food was pretty good; however, our server was kind of a jerk (making sarcastic comments and being condescending). He was also a bit slow and forgetful even though there were only a handful of full tables and a few other servers working. So even with a good dinner, the uncomfortable service is making me question if I'd go back.
3 We were craving for oysters and wanted to try them out at shucks. Not the kind of seafood restaurant I was looking for, but we still give it a shot. The place is kinda old and smell like rotten towel. The server was nice and friendly though. We went on a Sat and they were having a Sat deal on the clam bake for 21.95 (original price is 26.95). We also ordered a dozen of oysters and they were just okay.  The clam was huge, had at least 20 clams, 5 crab legs, spicy sausages, corn, and potatoes.  They were delicious, especially the clams. The clams were so juicy and meaty. We could hardly finish all the seafood they packed into the bowl. We left most of the potatoes and corn untouched. If we knew the clam bake is that big, we probably would not have ordered the oysters.
4 My 2nd favorite Shuck's.  Although, I like the feel of the Centennial location better, the crowd on Flamingo is a little more diverse.  You never know if there's a party, sports league, rowdy bunch, or whatever else makes for good people watching.  Still great fresh seafood and cold beers.  Gotta love locals joints!
3 This is my go-to spot for cheap, convenient shellfish.  I'd highly recommend one of the enormous clambakes that comes with snow and dungeness crab, corn, potatoes, and clams which are served in an embarassingly huge clam shell bowl.  Before going, make sure you print  coupons off their website for $5 off the clambake or 6 free oysters (if you spend $20).    I'm also a fan because they're not stingy with the whiskey.  Their drink prices may be higher than some other nearby spots, but you can get some stroonnng drinks.  Beware: If you hate the Cowboys, this place is not for you.
5 It's lent and well I do try to stick with old tradition of not eating meat on Fridays.  So fish it is.  My husband and I wanted to try Shucks, its been a while since we last came in and well, cannot remember the menu, so this was like  a new experience really.   The place has a happy hour on Fridays, with a low cost menu items only $5 appetizers.  Of course we tried a few, we got the crab dip with large pieces of crab, very impressive for just $5.  Then came the clam strips, fairly big strips and then the calamari, light and flaky, just crispy enough without being greasy.  This filled us up and with these prices, great service, we'll be back, especially during this Lenten season.
2 Just not really my thing personally.   Service is good, food is OK but nothing stellar. Price is about right. Came here a second time for their lamb but it tasted so-so this second go-around.   The crab is alright, my sister-in-law seemed to enjoy it.   The lunch size pastas is probably your best bet in terms of banging for your buck. Other than that, the fried shrimp platter -- not so much. Buffalo wings weren't bad, and neither is the tuna tartare...  Best part? Dessert.  Cookies and cream sandwich, Key lime pie, or the cheesecake eggroll.  I would come here again if I was asked to, but I don't think I'll ever be on the hunt for it. Again, just not my thing.
1 For a place called shucks, I'd expect an oyster that at the very least smelled better. I thought I was going to a seafood joint. As it happens I ended up at a sports bar that happened to serve sea food, and in a rather mediocre fashion at that.
3 I'd go back again, but it is just a place that is great to know that has something you're looking for if you crave it. I love that they're 24 hours and they also have a cheap breakfast special.  I tried their fish tacos that day since it was their special, and did the build your own for 22.95. My friend and I did the fried clams (which I recommend), the raw oysters which is four to this platter, the ceviche, and the cocktail shrimp. This platter is actually alot to eat, and good to share if you don't have a big appetite for seafood. Also, the tacos were good. The fish was tender and not dry. Flavorful, but predictable, and nothing unique as far as taste. The iceberg lettuce just makes it feel like any other fish taco.
4 No Smoking anywhere! Love love love it. They offer $2 drafts on Monday and Wednesday and a different daily dining special all week. This location is also a Dallas Cowboys bar so they offer food and drink specials during all the games. Some of the specials include $8 pitchers, $5 Texas teas and $1 oysters. They offer a lot more food specials during the games and a Bloody Mary bar starting at $6 for the 10am games. You might want to get there a little early for good seats. In my experience, it doesn't fill up but the seats in the bar area around the tv's are always scooped up pretty quick. There are a few tv's in the dining area as well but the view is not as good.  The service is average and the food is a little better than typical tavern fare. I recommend the Crab Stuffed Tilapia with vegetables and wild rice. It's a pretty tasty entree for around $15. And did I mention that there is no smoking, even in the bar?
5 I am really a fan of Shucks! Came here on random occasions for some time and always enjoyed the food.  Recently, I had some friends in town and after one breakfast at Shucks, they made it their home base. This years, I have been there 5 times for a meal and some drinks. Now, on a first name basis with several servers, my gf and I are trying every sandwich and breakfast item. If you a fan of Fries, you are in luck, they are among the best!! Waffle and regular!!  Check it out, it's a good join, neat specials and very, very awesome staff!! (I don't work there, but I would)
5 Two of us ordered their current crab special for two which is absolutely fabulous.  I would recommend they keep it.  The crab was succulent, it also came with crab and cheese topped bread and a crab bisque.  We also tried the oysters and they were quite wonderful also.
2 I was a bit disappointed last Thursday night with my visit.  I hadnt been here for 4 years, use to come about 1 time a month late night.  Always quite but the food was a bit pricy for the quality.  I always ordered a steak - not a seafood lover like my ex.  Lately they have had a full lot quite a bit and thought why not try it again.  Really geared for sports and gaming with less expensive food gimics to bring you in.  Not impressed.  Service had gone down and clientle too.  Not anywhere to bring the family.   If you like gambling and sports its the place to go.  Shell fish my friend said is worth the price but not the drive.
5 5 Stars! Not cause its a super duper fine dining place... but because it was great in food and experience. Yeah sure it's nothing to go Ape over, but I got everything I expected from this kind of place. Had some oyster shooters. Yum. Louisiana oysters... YUM YUM.  One thing I DO have to say is, they had the BEST snow crab I've ever had. The texture was good. Not mushy or cakey. Not super salty or watered down like the stuff you might find at buffets. And it had an awesome sweetness to it. I enjoyed it more than the lobster. And I love lobster over crab!  Great food. Check. Good drinks... check... ...totally worth what you pay for.  I left the place like a fatty.  If you don't want crawfish but have a seafood craving.. go here.  It might not satisfy everyone... but this place now tops Hot & Juicy and Boiling Crab for me!
2 Service was excellent!!.  Oysters, not so.  We went there for oysters (table for 10).  One of my friends said they should drop the "h" out of their name.  The oyster's had zero "oyster liquor" in them.  Usaully a sign of not so fresh oysters.  They didn't have a "mignonette" sauce for the oysters or even know what it was when asked.  Other food was good to most of our party.  Below is a link to a simple mignotte recipe.  http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Mignonette-Sauce-15405
4 We are close enough to walk here.  It's been in the neighborhood for a long time.  Last year we came on Friday's several times for the $5 appetizers and really enjoyed them.  The same thing we are enjoying tonight!  The fried calamari was light and crispy, served with a pretty good dipping sauce, and the crab and artichoke dip was served pipping hot!  It had big chunks of crab inside.  I ordered the blackened Mahi Mahi fish taco's, it was a little disappointing, the fish had hardly any flavor and were small.  I have had better items from their menu.  The prices are good, the service is excellent, overall, it's a good place for some fairly decent seafood.
5 My friends and I have been going to Shucks for a very long time. I have been to all of them. I used to like going to the one on Serene and Eastern as well, but they are closed. We always look forward to late night specials and seafood 24hrs!   Most of us work the nightshift at the Trauma Center. We are at Shuck's on all shifts. Days, swings, and nights. Most of the time we are there on graves. We know Larry, who my girlfriend, thought his name was Shuck...lol. We also know Mickey. We met most of the others as well  but Larry is the one we spend most of our time with.   As with any establishment there are busy times, so we don't always get the attention we are accustomed to. We are there for the food and the friendly service is just a perk which we enjoy as well. Larry, Mickey and all the others, even the ones we don't really know have been pleasant.   I'm a little disappointed to have read a previous review here on Yelp 02/12/2012. Somebody targeting one of the employees for their poor service. I find that hard to believe. My girlfriend and I were there just 2days ago. Sunday morning. We order our usual shrimp, hamburger and of course RICE for my Asian girlfriend lol. We had 2 drinks put some $$ in the machine, didn't win :( but as always pleased with our visit. Yes happy hour is happy hour, we often over tip but not always. The previous review not only attacked the service, but obviously attacked the quality of food being served. They are apparently unhappy and probably shouldn't go there.   SHUCK's is awesome, has great 24hr seafood and we have always enjoyed the service as well!!!
5 Ive only been in Shucks for lunch once but i decided to stop afterwork..  the food is  still great and the bartender on grave i believe his name was Larry was awesome!! even tho business was steady he still came over to check on me and kept my drink full, It made me wanna come back and visit again! .. I will definitely come back  to visit this Shucks not only for the food (which was amazing)  but great customer service ;)
5 I have been going to Shucks for quite some time now.  I am pretty dissappionted in the one star reviews on here.  There is a pretty big group of us that frequent the place, all of us being in F&B so we're pretty picky.  Being in the business we all get off pretty late and tend to get there near graveyard.  Mickey will start us off & Larry keeps us there.  The reason we still go there, after SEVERAL years, is the customer service.  Larry makes us feel at home & pays attention to the small details that make the difference.  I am the a manager of a restaurant in a hotel and Larry has always stood out as what I would want in a great employee.  AND we order the $3.95 breakfast specials....  Maybe the difference in our experience is we all know how to treat people that are serving us & working their butts off, with respect!   Save your one star reviews...  This place is a gem!!
5 Great place for late night food. It's to only place in the area for good seafood & drinks after work. Larry the graveyard bartender makes us feel welcome we will be back again for sure.
2 Good service...horrible food.  I really don't know why it's almost 4 stars, and you'd think they would have great oysters since its specialty is oysters.  I ordered the dozen oysters, which smelled fishy once they laid the platter on the table.  The shells were yellowish green like it was bad.  I decided not to knock it unless I tried it, and yep I was right. The oyster was small and sour. Definitely not worthy of $13. I then ordered the clams, which were ok.  It was big & meaty, but the sauce was so bland--it killed it.   It came with corn and sausage which was basting in the same flavorless sauce.  I was really disappointed in how everything tasted after the long awaited anticipation.  There was nothing wrong with the service.  The staff was friendly and attentive,  but I would never recommend this place to friends because of the food.  Sorry, just being honest.
2 I think this place is definitely a matter of opinion.  This place certainly is NOT great, but it's definitely NOT bad either.  It's very average.  The menu is definitely over priced, the portions were a decent size. I'm shocked for a seafood place that they don't have scallops.  I tried their lobster bisque and it was a bit thin, a little salty and it was just ok.  I would actually say that the same soup at red lobster was twice as good.  (and just fyi, there are plenty of things at red lobster that aren't that great either, but as far as soup goes, they win)   The breading on everything wasn't too bad but a lot of the fried items were bland and definitely needed more seasoning in their breading/batter.  Their calamari was ok but I would've liked it to be crispier (just a matter of opinion is all)  All in all,     I probably won't be back, nothing here made me say yummm or oooh or wow etc.   and Hushpuppy is better and far cheaper  and I will give partial credit to our server, she was very nice from start to finish and made sure we were taken care of.  There was a small accident when our entrees came out though.  While setting them on the table, they were setting them down/moving so fast, that the ramekin of tarter sauce fell off upside down onto my dad.  Luckily my dad moved very quickly and caught it upside down in his hand.  No real harm done and she did apologize and got extra napkins and such, but a manager should always stop by just to apologize as well and or offer a dessert or take a drink or something off the check (nothing big but just a small peach offering so to speak, is always appreciated)  Again no real harm done though and all in all the dinner was good just not great and not for the price.
5 I love this place...even knowing that they're a Dallas Cowboys bar.  Their food is amazing, their prices are more than reasonable, their drinks are fresh and tasty and I've never had bad service from their staff.  I highly recommend this place as a seafood dive with a great bar and sports atmosphere.
4 Service was attentive, ordered 6 oysters--fresh and clean; also ordered the clambake. Enjoyed both. Not many people  in the restaurant/bar, a couple of families. Didn't encounter any cigarette smoke. I'll return. Good value too.
3 Great Service. Comfortably atmosphere. Was a little disappointed they didn't have clam chowder available, and the broccoli cheddar soup was kinda bland. The scallop sliders were delicious though.
1 We ordered a side of crab legs and I ordered a steak.  The waiter brought me steak and crab legs.  When I told him I only ordered the steak because we had gotten the crab legs on the side he said okay and grabbed the crab legs off my plate.  Is it just me or was that a little weird.  I have been plenty of other places that have said oh okay well just go ahead and have them but I will take them off your ticket.  I have never had anyone just reach over and take food off my plate that was not related to me or dating me.  And on top of it all not very good food.  Will not be going back.
3 I love their bucket offers and cheap beers for the football nights and 3 dollar margarita I think they have them on Tuesdays. Overall very friendly staff, very casual. I wish there were more options for the 23 dollar deal. Their oysters are decent.
4 Good quality Snow Crab Legs are hard to find outside of a Vegas buffet, and the ones on the buffets are usually knackered with pre-scored cuts to make eating 'easier' but take the fun out of cracking and pickin' the crab, which is half the fun IMO. I've been in the hunt for a non-buffet Snow Crab spot. Not even Costco sells Snow Crab (at least 11.5 months out of the year...)  Have eaten at Shucks twice in the past week, the first time I ordered a pound ($17.90/pound) of Snow Crab, it came out Grade A quality: color, size and taste. Impressive! Pressed my luck a few days later and was served a Grade B quality crab :( Still better than the crab available at the neighborhood Smiths/Kroger/Albertsons (Grade C: $6.99/pound) but disappointing that the 2nd visit wasn't consistent with the first. Also, the side of roasted red potatoes on the 2nd visit were slightly under-roasted. Just substitute for their Burger-King-style, twice-fried fries instead, and you'll be OK: these are delicious.  Love that Shucks is open 24 hours and non-smoking. A direct view of the televisions is a slight challenge from some of the seating areas, so get there early before the big game. Half-price draft beers on certain NFL nights is a solid deal ($2-$3 per pint).
3 Didn't go for their beer and didn't go for their oysters.   After some strenuous exercise at the climbing gym, a few of us were hungry. But we're poor so we needed something cheap. And then my friend suggested Taco Tuesdays at Shucks!   The place is pretty large with ample seating. It was pretty empty on a Tuesday night. Eerily quiet. We took our seats at a large table. Our server was quick to take our orders.   A plate of two tacos usually run around $10. But each taco was $3 in which you can choose from shrimp, grilled mahi-mahi or your regular fried fish. We each got two tacos - the mahi-mahi and the regular fish taco. Food came out pretty quick. The tacos were pretty big, I thought they were going to be a lot smaller like the usual authentic 3-bite tacos. The plate also came with colorful chips and yummy salsa. Both tacos definitely hit the spot. Wasn't greasy or too heavy.   I had to flag down our server for some more salsa and a refill for water. I was a tad disappointed because the place was so empty and I shouldn't be playing find-our-waiter when we were the only customers there.   I took a peek at the rest of the menu. It seems a little bit on the pricey side. Maybe I'll come back next time to try their oysters. But for what they're charging, they better be amazing!
4 $1 OYSTERS?!!??!!?! YES PLEASE~!!! (Thursday Special)  Came here a couple times to take advantage of this special along with some oyster shooters and surprisingly the Oysters have been consistently fresh! The service has always been fast and friendly!  The only things I've also tried are the french fries and seafood bisque in a bread bowl.. fries are fries.. The soup was a bit on the salty side ...   HOT TIP: They don't have Happy Hour here ;[[[ .. just daily specials ( Check the board right by the entrance) but on Thursdays it's definitely worth a trip coming to Shucks ;]]]
4 i couldn't ask for better food at 3AM.
5 their breakfast rocks , cant beat the price , dont let the secret out !
2 Been craving Oysters for awhile found this place and was super excited but left super disappointed. Ordered a dozen oysters which ended up costing $20 and they were SO small we couldn't even taste them it really ruined my meal. Biggest waste of money. Also ordered a chicken BLT wrap, it was good but really messy and fell apart so it was hard to eat. Other than that, service was great but doubt that I'll be going back.
2 Cheap quality bar food at a high price.  Service is hit or miss.  Place is ugly.  Will suffice if you are in a late night munchie bind. 2.3 stars
4 I love Shucks-- $1 oysters on Thursdays!! I 'll take 30- so good. =)  The oysters are so fresh here. Actually all of their seafood is fresh and good. The gumbo is really rich and tasty. Every night of the week they have specials and their breakfast is 3.95 for all items.   The service is always good and this is a Cowboys bar. If you come on game day, good luck, it will be jammed packed.
5 Cheap, delicious oysters and they have deals on their wine. YUM!
4 I became a BIG fan of this bar; However, I came here Last night (Tuesday) for their special of $3 any taco, Unfortunately I was not too pleased, the fish was bland and needed more salt. I was not too happy when I saw the taco on a flour tortilla because for me a real fish taco needs to be on a corn tortilla and not grilled, the char flavor of the tortilla automatically changes the flavor of the whole taco and lets not over do it with the cabbage slaw because then you hide the flavors of the main ingredient.   So, not happy with the tacos but definitely love everything else.
5 I like this place ~ it's a local place, it's comfortable, service and food are wonderful, what more could you want?!   Let's start by saying, I don't do oysters . . . shrimp yes, crab legs, yes, but not oysters, so I can't review those.   My all time favorite and what I always come back to is the blackened tuna tacos!!  Wow, yes please!!  And the shrimp tacos are also amaaaaazingly delicious!!  Blackened mahi is also very tasty, but tuna is my favorite!!  My husband always gets the fried shrimp and always raves about it, so I'm guessing they're pretty awesome too.  He orders fried shrimp everywhere we go so he's quite the expert by now. He says this place does it right!!  We've been here quite a few times and have never been disappointed, of course we'll be back!  The people are always friendly and that's a plus!  Try it out ~ great neighborhood eatery!!
4 Decent food with a fair price, nice and roomy inside the tavern
2 Wow we went in to see our favorite graveyard bartender Larry and found out he is no longer there. The service wasnt good. We won't be back
4 We drive by and there's a sign...oysters! Should we? Hmm it's open 24hr. Is it gonna be fresh? Is it busy enough? Yelp to the rescue!!   As you enter through the double doors you see that they have a load of daily specials. Always love a deal but we're still not convinced. Once inside, we can see its a comfortable locals spot. We get chatting with the waitress, who was so welcoming, so we dove right in.   Tried: tuna tartare, peel n eat shrimp, gumbo (amazing presentation), ceviche, clams, and oysters.   Everything was great! Its smoke free with video gaming on a portion of the bar. They have full liquor, tv's, wine (1/2 price bottles that day) and a decent beer selection.  I saw PBR on draft! Sold!   It's definitely a very affordable and consistent seafood joint. Heard about their great breakfast, it's on the list....Glad I live so close, for my late night oyster crave...
4 Love this place!  It's a little over a mile from our house so when I feel like hanging out, getting some late night snackin and some beer, this is always my first choice.   Their prices are cheap. The oysters are fresh.  I have even gone to Big Al's at the Orleans and I was served with foamy oysters. Eww!  The service is a little slow though. Considering this place is never packed. Plus there's always that creeper that sits at the bar and tries to talk to you.
3 My boyfriend and I came here around 1 a.m. on a Thursday (Vegas hours, totally normal) to quench his newfound appetite for oysters. A quick search on Yelp brought us to Shucks just in time for the Thursday special - $1 oysters. They also had a late night menu available, with typical bar fare (burgers, wings, calamari, chicken strips) for about $5. We ordered a dozen oysters to share, and he had a half pound of peel and eat shrimp. As far as the oysters, I suppose you get what you pay for. Granted... it's July, we're smack dab in the middle of a desert, and they were a dollar; but these definitely weren't the freshest oysters I've ever had. Boyf mowed through his shrimp pretty quickly and seemed satisfied.   This place is kind of a cross between a dive bar and a generic Applebee's-esque chain. It was open, clean, and not at all smoky; a big plus in my book. The bartender was prompt and to the point, but didn't go out of his way to make small talk. They had a great double IPA from Utah on tap, and he was nice enough to comp our drinks even though I was only sporadically playing 25 cent hands of video blackjack.   Bottom line: for the price, it was decent, but I'll take Boiling Crab or Hot N Juicy any day.
2 Disappointed With the service. However Gus has saved this review from recieving 0 stars.   Heres the story on how my Partner and I spent an Hour and a Half in this establishment feeling unacknowledged.   Our Waitress Sherri, was very unwelcoming and Unsociable. We sat ourselves as the sign in the entrance says too do so, She noticed us right away and still took 10 minutes to bring out our menu's. Keep in mind the Restaurant and bar was not busy. We were very hungry and Just wanted to order our food but it took an additional 15 minutes for her to come and take our order, where she made us feel as if we were wrong for ordering food.... She was very unfriendly and described the Food as okay... after she took the food order she stormed off where we didn't see her for a very long time and we wanted to order a few cocktails, Once our food was ready Gus brought it out and we finally were able to Order our Drinks since sherri never even asked for our drink order...  Gus was very Friendly and Prompt, And pretty much for the rest of our evening he took care of us and was extremely Hospitable. 5 stars for Gus!!!  Unfortunately Gus was not our server, it was not his responsibility to take care of our table, But he did, When we finally saw sherri Gus had already bussed our table and removed our plates and glasses, we asked her for the bill thinking she would bring it right out.... Here we are waiting without Drinks for our bill to come, Restaurant was not busy, Gus walks by and I inform him, "hey whats up with our Waitress she hasnt took care of us at all tonight and now wont even bring out the check", Very respectably Gus apologized and brought us out our bill right away.   This experience took over an Hour for 2 plates of food, and 2 drinks.... Very not cool ;/
1 only gets one star because service was horrible. Food is fairly good. I walked in with my husband and sat at the bar. We were there for late night and we were asked by the guy bartender to move to the corner if we weren't drinking. I wanted to leave right away like who does that? Then he sat 2 girls in our spot and they didnt even have a drink!! none the less he completely ignored us and I swore I would not return to this place
3 Place is a bar with seating on the side, typical dinner tables and booths. Seafood was definitely frozen, not fresh, but prepared fine. Lots of specials, cheap drafts, if you go mid week when its not busy it is a pleasant enough atmosphere. Service was on par, its also a bar so expect a waitress who is doing multiple things at once. Gf loved her shrimp pasta. Probably wouldn't return, try someplace better next time
4 I must say I was rather impressed. I talked this place up to a couple of co-workers and they were not disappointed at all. The breakfast specials are great on the wallet and good for the belly. Great eats at a great price. The service was top notch and the food was out in a flash. I got the chicken fried steak, complete with eggs, potatoes and just enough gravy. They've extended the time of their breakfast special, so you've got plenty of time to get there and enjoy. I will definitely return.  It's time for libations and oysters.
4 My fiancé and I love this place along with most of our family... peel and eat shrimp are awesome ...let alone the price ...we love to come for there breakfast when we are too lazy to cook... brought my niece for breakfast for her b day n she loved it !! We also love the fact that it's smoke free and kid friendly as a mater of fact me and my fiancé are heading there for dinner once she's off work :)
1 I came here around 12:40am. I forgot my id but had a picture of it on my phone. The guy that works at the bar said, no id you gotta leave. Basically he threw out customers he could have sold oysters to minus the alcohol. I do those this place already.
1 Mediocre at best food.  Oysters do not specify region on menu, they have only one kind, the server had no clue where they are harvested (i think they are from louisiana, he said) and when they came out they were extremely clean with no signs of an oyster knife used on any of them.  Can you say frozen Hillman oysters in the half shell? This restaurant needs to change its name to something else other than "oyster bar" because that is not working.  Clam chowder seemingly from a bag, frozen fish defrosted and deepfried to golden greasyness-this was the servers recommendation (!).  Pasta overcooked and bland in scampi pasta dish.   The one star is for the beer being cold.  Terrible. Cut your menu in half, stick to bar food and get it right.
3 This is a very laid back bar, old looking decor, definitely not the hot spot in town however the food is great! I think is a really cool combination to have seafood at a bar! There are plenty of tvs to watch sports and they always have drinks specials! If you are craving some shrimp, crap legs or oyster then I would totally recommend for you to come here ..,
2 I used to love Shucks, and it was my go-to neighborhood bar. Back in the day, they had fantastic 2lb crab buckets for under $30. When people would ask me my favorite thing about Las Vegas, those affordable crab buckets would be part of my reply- mostly because you can order them 24 hrs a day. Crab at 3am? Why not?  Those  days are long gone now. The menu has changed, the late night specials have changed, the bar staff has changed. They used to offer a great late night menu after midnight (pics posted) but no more, now it's just breakfast. There's two bartenders who work there late night, one is a darling, the other who is newer is so rude.  The crab is now $9 for 1/2 a pound, which is  just kind of silly. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's only so-so. The tuna is previously frozen, which is what you would expect from a place like this and sometimes it's okay, sometimes it's inedible. The oysters seem to be popular but they're gulf oysters which really isn't my thing.  I used to love this place and would come at least a couple of times a week, but no longer. I'll still drop in once in a while if the bartender I like is working. And it's still a great place to get seafood late at night, but for your bar needs? You can do better.
3 As a sports bar or a seafood joint, I'll admit Shucks is on the average side.  The only reason my family and I go here is for the breakfast deals (served until 1pm most days). You can truly high quality bar-food breakfasts here for $5. Pancakes, potatoes, chicken fried steak, benedicts...all really good. You will spend more on half the amount of food at any fast food chain.  I have older in-laws who wouldn't otherwise step foot in a bar, but love Shucks, and at the low price, you can take a bunch of folks out without breaking the bank and enjoy the Sunday morning NFL game while you munch away your hangover.
5 Expertly crafted late night and midnight menus still available!  One bartender is great, female, there is a bartender graveyard who cussed me out because I called him out in his rudeness. I even complained to management the following day. I still will frequent this joint because of their amazing 24hour deals.
2 We've been here a couple of times and really like the food. We took my husband's parents here Thursday night Jan. 23 2014 and the service was just AWFUL.! Despite there being several bartenders (we sat at the bar) we had to ask each time we wanted another drink as our glasses sat there empty. We ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell to split and when the guy brought them out and asked who wanted them we told them we were splitting them. His response was "how are we going to do this?" Seriously?!? Give us another plate dude! I hate telling people how to do their own job. We were left without napkins and had to get up to get our own from other tables more than once. Then we were charged for our Father's drink because he only bet $20 in the machine.   The food was good (even though I ate a couple oysters without crackers because it took a long time to get the bartender's attention to ask for them.) The crab cakes were previously frozen so not so good. I'm giving more than one star because the food was pretty good but overall we were pretty shocks at how incompetent and bad the service was.
5 I love this place! Crab anytime of the day for a good price. They're menu items are delicious and drinks are pretty good. I go here more than anywhere else!
4 Lobster fingers are outrageously good. So are the oyster shooters. Plus $1 oysters on the half shell after midnight? That promotion was made for me.
2 Was a little disappointed in my night at shucks... Went for crawfish since it's in season and was served frozen crawfish that was so over cooked it was rubbery and had no flavor... Barely any customer service with our server didn't even ask if everything was okay.....
3 I really like this place. so calm with delicious dishes! I`d spend my time in here a lot. I`m coming this place almost 3-4times a week. But the guy who was worked on latenight was super rude. Every other people was so nice in here but he`s service and attitude was unappreciate and being rude.He told me hes working 4times a week
4 Wow seafood is great !oysters specials on thursday wonderfull .service was great found my new home!
1 Just had the worst experience at Shucks after being a long term customer.   Arrived and took a seat at the bar, thought I would order dinner. Was promptly greeted and given a menu then asked If I would like something to drink. Ordered a drink and took a look at the menu. The female wait person went back to talking with her friend and play on her cell phone about THREE FEET away. Since I have eaten at Shucks many times, I knew what I wanted to order. The wait person continued to talk and play for another ten minutes. A short time later another customer arrived and took a seat next to the other customer. Now there are three customers sitting next to each other at the bar and the wait person continues to talk and play on her cell phone all the time ignoring me. I thought I would give it a little time and see if this waiter is interested in taking my order. After sitting again, three feet away from the wait person and never being given the opportunity to order dinner. I got up and walked out. That was fifteen minutes of wasted time.   This female waiter has got to be the worst example of how to treat customers. She was more interested in her cell phone and talking with her friends rather than do her job.  My pervious experiences with Shucks over the years has been very good.   Honestly, I don't know if I will ever return again.  If it were possible to give zero stars after this experience I would give it negative stars.
5 We are so incredibly picky with seafood, my GF is from Maryland and only used I the best... This place is the ONLY place we truly love for seafood! We have been here several times and NEVER disappointed!!! The oyster Rockefeller, DIVINE! The peel and eat shrimp was perfect and the coconut shrimp was beyond amazing!!! Try this place for some legit seafood!!!!
5 This is the best late place I've been to for food in Vegas. My wife and I had just left The Ainsworth Lounge at Hard Rock Hotel and we were very hungry and it was around 1am. My wife and I really had a taste for some sushi but any kind of seafood would do. We started yelping trying to find the closest place to our home and low and behold Shucks had great reviews the only problem was that they didn't sell Sushi, we figured lets try it anyways because oysters would suffice.  We arrive at Shucks park there were more than 8 cars in the parking lot and they had a two sets of double doors. We'd walked through the first set of doors and found that we had to ring a doorbell to get into this establishment. That was a bummer because after ringing the doorbell and waiting literally waiting about a minute I told my wife lets go, I can be very impatient and I thought that at the Sedona the kitchen was open 24hrs but to my surprise it wasn't. After arriving at the Sedona finding out that the kitchen is no longer 24hrs the bartender at the Sedona suggested that we go back to Shucks. We gladly took his advice and returned.   Arriving back at Shucks we rang the doorbell and we were in less than 10 seconds.
