4 It's a standard Hampton Inn albeit newer. Standards include the free breakfast and nice comfy bed. It was perfect for while I was here on business. It's close to the freeways and there are quite a few options around for food. I was in a suite that included a mini-fridge and microwave which was nice. Staff was friendly.   Not much else to stay about this place.
4 I have stayed at this location three times when I was in Vegas for business trips. It's convenient to the freeways but removed from the bustle and sweating masses. There is a nice view of the city as it sits on a hill above the fray.   The hotel is probably around a year old and still feels new. Nice amenities for a Hampton. It is close to upscale shopping in the Green Valley area. There are several restaurants and 2 coffee places within a short walk so for me that is a bonus.  That is all I have to say about this Hampton Inn.  Thank you for your time.
4 The best Hampton Inn I have stayed in. Super nice room with bathrooms that have granite counters. Huge room with nice desk and fancy desk chair. Great location next to Starbucks. Safe neighborhood and great service from the front desk. If you are into working out, ask for the special key for the gym across the street, the have an agreement with them for free access. The free breakfast is good with bacon, eggs, waffles, etc. This might be my new favorite hotel when in Vegas.
5 Very nice, attractive, clean and well run hotel - and an excellent value too.  We stayed in a mini-suite, with a king bed, fold-out sofa, and rollaway for the 4 (!) of us (including 2 grown kids and 2 little dogs) and our room still seemed roomy and spacious.  The hotel is in a quiet and convenient location, with a Starbucks and other small eateries nearby.  Hot coffee, chocolate, and tea and fruit are available at all times, and the free hot breakfast is a nice touch.  Service was excellent.  There is plenty of room to walk our dogs (in a huge, well lit, quiet parking area), and the pet fee is more than reasonable.
5 My mother and I stayed here over New Year's and it was lovely.  The staff was friendly, the room was nice and there was ample parking.  They always had some kind of delicious treat (Bavarian pretzels, red velvet cake!) that made it even homier.  I would absolutely stay here again when I am back in Vegas.  Thank you!
5 I love this hotel.  Love the location.  Love the friendly staff there every time.    Have probably stayed at this location a dozen times.  Get the suite.
5 Very nice place.  Its are first time here and we love it.  A large and gorgeous room. Very comfortable beds. Amazing pillows.    If you are looking for a quiet and clean place to stay. This is it!   Everybody talks about the breakfast here. Let's see.
4 This hotel is nice. The staff is super friendly and accommodating! Free breakfast is great. I do wish they had tub/showers instead of just the step-in shower, but that's not a biggie. As a thick-hair, curly-headed, I believe the water pressure in the shower could be a bit better, however the bed is ridiculously comfy so I can overlook the water pressure! The place is clean, looks new, close to everything.
