4 This AVEDA Lifestyle spa is a great place to get pampered up! The staff was very helpful with everything we requested. I went with a few of my girlfiends to try out their Signature Day of Beauty salon and spa package, and they were able to schedule all of us for different procedures at certain times so that we could all have lunch together! It was catered by Panera, I believe. The package originally included a 1 hour Aroma Swedish massage, customized 1 hour Aveda facial, shampoo with soothing scalp, neck and shoulder massage, and blow-dry style. This is followed with an Aroma Spa manicure and pedicure, in addition to a full make up application by their beauticians. The lunch was free, and a free gift (Aveda body wash) was given to take home. I personally did not take everything on the package, like the manicure and full make up application, but they were able to substitute it with a haircut instead. I was able to pay about the same price ($265 for 5 hours, not including tax and tip).  A great place to just relax and be a girl. However, I would probably only go back for the facial and maybe the massage (although, the masseuse was very rough!)
4 Aveda Salons never disappoint...unless of course, you are looking at their prices. But I wouldn't trust anyone else to color or cut my hair! Before a big event, I always come and get my hair done here too. Since I have bangs, it's easy for me to come back here and get a simple trim for just $7. The ladies who work here are incredibly nice.   I've also gotten mani-pedis here, and a massage. Their pedicures are amazing, very relaxing, and worth the price, especially if you want to splurge occasionally because you deserve it! The massage I got was also very relaxing.  While you're waiting for your appointment, they will give you tea or water to drink, which is one thing (for me) that separates the so-so spas from the great ones. Seems superficial, doesn't it? Oh well. :p You can also buy Aveda products here, after your appointment, or just any old time. I see a lot of men come in here too to get their hair cut, so it's not just ladies only!
5 This is now a GREAT spa only because Kristen, an Aveda  trainer and the BEST aesthetician has taken over this spa. Under new ownership (UNRULI) and new management (Kristen) it is truly an Aveda spa.  My original experience with this spa when they first opened in The District was offensive and I swore NEVER to step foot on their premises no matter what. That was then. Under new ownershp and management this is now.
5 Let me just start by saying Gianna Christine Salon Spa and Wellness offers the most fabulous life wellness spa experience in the valley. I have been a dedicated customer to the salon for about three years and the reason I have stayed so faithful is because of my stylist Lauren Toya. Let's face it... I am not a natural blond, but Lauren's amazing technique and color pairing knowledge makes people question the simple idea that I color my hair at all. I recommend her to everyone I know (male or female) because I know they will be taken care of. Her quality of work and customer service is far superior then any stylist I have had in the past. She is a rarity to find and I am blessed to have her keeping me pretty!     You all Rock! - Courtney C. Smith
5 I've been going to Lauren Toya ever since the salon has opened. I honestly have not had 1 bad haircut EVER. I have really straight Asian hair and a lot of stylist have trouble styling it. She is not one them! I've sent a lot of customers, male and female, to her and all of them are now regulars. I honestly can not have anyone else cut my hair!
5 Gianna Christine Salon Spa and Wellness is an incredible and immaculate place with amazing hairstylists! I got treated with color and cut by Lauren Toya who knows how to cut thick and coarse Asian hair which is very hard to find!   Lauren has a keen and creative eye for style which enhances your beauty.  In addition, Aveda products is used and can be purchased at the Salon which is a plus for all of those Aveda lovers.
5 Gianna Christine is the best! I have been going there for five years and LOVE it.  Marlene does my hair and she is great - very friendly, professional and just lots of fun. All of the staff is super nice and helpful. I have become addicted to all things Aveda!
4 Summer is great and always makes my mane look awesome. Staff is helpful and friendly and in a great location.
5 My husband treated me to highlights and a cut a while back.  I believe the stylist I saw was Marlene and she was wonderful!  My hair looked and felt awesome and was probably one of the best cut and colors I ever had.  This place is too pricey for me to use them every six weeks but for a special birthday/anniversary treat I think it is worth it.  Plus, it seemed like my highlights last forever before I started to see root growth which made me feel better about the price I paid.  The salon was beautiful and staff was friendly, two thumbs up.
4 After living in Henderson for 2 years and not feeling at all comfortable with anyone "new" (more along the lines of anyone outside the family) styling my hair decided to try Gianna Christine after hearing about them from a friend. A year later i am hooked and have been a regular guest (every 5 weeks for the past year) and highly reccomend you request Kyle!
5 I've never had a bad cut with any of the stylists at Gianna Christine but I've really got to recommend Shannelle.  When I moved away from my last beloved stylist, I really didn't think I'd find anyone else I was comfortable with.  I thought I was doomed to trims and the same stylist until I finally got back to him.  Now I've got the best short cut I've ever had in my life and actually feel comfortable taking more chances.  Heck, I might even go back to getting it coloured... who knows?   The salon is beautifully done.  It's a relatively small space but never feels cramped or anything less than airy and immaculately clean.  Like at any Aveda salon I've been to, I can always start my visit with that wonderful tea and walk out feeling gorgeous and refreshed.
5 After searching far and wide in Las Vegas, I have finally found the best! Shanelle is amazing! She is someone you can trust with your hair, has really good recommendations, and is super sweet.
1 I can't believe I paid $65 for a hair cut that is uneven and took 15 minutes! Even worse it isn't even what I asked for in terms of style. I could have gotten a better cut and service at super cuts!
5 I have never had a bad haircut from this place. Everyone there is super friendly, but I always have Kyle cut my hair:) Super nice fella!
1 Bad customer service by Elena. She has called me twice to come in earlier than my initial appointments, and I have actually rescheduled my errands to accommodate, feeling sympathetic to the salon's needs. Naive of me I know. At 11:50 AM I called Elena to tell her I would like to keep my 12:30 PM appointment (I was asked at 11:30 if I could come in early and I said 12 at the earliest), because my errands were not able to be cut short after all- and was told my 12:30 slot was given away! I asked why whoever they scheduled couldn't have taken the 12:00 slot so I could just have kept my 12:30 without any phone call- and was told it just worked better this way. And that I could possibly come back 4:15, but no confirmation available yet.   This is all in addition to the Brazilian I was supposed to have done same-day. Elena told me it would be best if I came in another day.  So two separate days for appointments, just because I could not accommodate the salon's schedule in a way that works better. Wow. How about never call me asking me to come in earlier? I've learned a lesson in not being accommodating.
2 I normally don't write negative reviews but after visiting my new hair girl and realizing how long its going to take to outgrow the haircut I received at this place, I decided to write out my thoughts. Dye job was good.  I am a fan of Aveda color, products and the tea.   The salon itself is very nice, has a great location next to GVR. It's going to take me at least another year to grow out the haircut i received which was the WORST.  EVER. I asked for an inch trim off my ends.  I have long layers in the front.  My hair is very long and lightened so its damaged and prone to breakage.  For whatever reason and I didnt notice it until after I left the salon, the stylist cut short layers in the back of my hair.  The layers are inches shorter than the longest length of my hair.  Its been about 6 months since this haircut and they are still noticeably short.  My hair doesnt grow very fast anymore and is damaged bc i have naturally dark brown locks I like to lighten and highlight into a pretty golden blonde.  Bc of this haircut, I have to either wear extensions or must cut my hair til right below the shoulders so it doesnt look like a mullet.  The layers are damaged and look incredibly unhealthy and require trims along w the remainder of my long hair.  Its gotten to the point where I'm going to have to spend hundreds on extensions if I want to preserve the length of my hair bc its going to need a nice trim to even this off.  All from one bad haircut.  Ridiculous.
5 I moved here from AZ and went to an Aveda Salon there.  I wanted to find an Aveda Salon here in Henderson since they always did a great job with my hair.  I am so glad that I visited Gianna Christine.  I started seeing Shanelle.  She is amazing!  I am asian with very black hair.  I've always loved highlights and a lighter color.  Sometimes this is hard for stylist to do.  Shanelle did an awesome job and continues to do so!  Instead of stripping my hair and damaging it even further (which has been done by previous stylists), she recommended how to color and keep the lightness that I love!    Every time I walk in, i am always greeted with a friendly smile and offered a beverage.   All of the employees here make it an enjoyable experience and i would recommend this salon to everyone.  Even if you are visiting and staying next door at the GVR Resort, stop in!
5 Got me in fast.  First timer, service was great the the stylist was good.  I will go back for sure.
1 What a disappointing and frustrating experience. I went to Gianna Christine because I'd heard good things and  always had good experiences at Aveda salons in the past.    I told the stylist I wanted to be 10-15 percent lighter and I didn't like streaky highlights.  I offered to show my previous formula and she said she didn't need it, that "blond is blond." So when I left, I was at least 40 percent blonder, and it was very very streaky. I thought that maybe it would just take some time to get used to, but when I got home I noticed it even more (Didn't help that a friend told me looked like Cruella Devil!)  So, I came back told them the situation  and they put a toner on it (and charged me!), leaving my hair darker than when I came in the first time . The stylist told me to sleep on it and they went ahead and scheduled the next appointment.   I came back and showed her my original formula (she looked this time), and she offered to do that. Even though the receptionist had called me and told me there would be no charge (Initially she said there would be and I told her if that was the case I would go elsewhere).  So three visits and almost 300 dollars later, I will not be going back.  I cannot believe any salon, particularly an Aveda salon would do business this way.
1 The manager called me (he was on vacation when this all happened) apologized and refunded my 2nd and 3rd visits.
5 Summer is amazing and I would follow her anywhere she went. Don't skimp out on your hair.
5 I've got a new hair salon (once again). This time though, it's for good. I'm so pleased with the way that Shanelle cuts and dyes my hair that I won't be finding someone new in my recent move to LA.   The salon is warm and welcoming from the time you make an appointment. Of course, I get the signature Aveda tea upon entering and continue to guzzle it each time someone  passes by to refill my cup.   Shanelle really listens and makes sure you are on the same page with your vision and her execution. She has a killer memory too, which I always appreciate. It makes you want to go back when your hairstylist cares enough about your life to remember details.   Prices... Well, they ain't cheap. Expect to pay well over $100 for a cut and color, but you know it's going to be good quality.   Shanelle works Thu-Sun and is amazing. Check her and the salon out!
1 Go somewhere else. I have been going to Gianna Christine Salon Spa and Wellness for 7 years. There service used to be great and convenient. As of today, I was looking forward to a relaxing simple hair cut & blow dry , so I am able to walk out of the salon feeling groomed and fresh.  Today was not my day at Gianna Christine.  The were 1/2 hour late attending to me and then, they cut my hair and have me on my merry way.  In the 7 years I have been going to Gianna Christine's Salon, I have never walked out of the salon without a simple blow dry and style nor have they been a 1/2 hour late to my appointment.  This use to be convenient. Now, it's just annoying. Thanks for nothing!
2 Pretty disappointed with my experience here, at least as far as getting a massage goes.  I admit, it wasn't an appointment and they got me in last minute, I was told they closed at 5, I walked in the door at about 3:40pm.  The Salon itself is very nice and laid out well, the decor is tasteful, and the people working the desk were very nice and friendly. When I arrived, I thought it was odd that they didn't have me fill out any paperwork for the massage (that was a first for me) but a gentleman showed me a waiting type of room and told me where to change and gave me a key for the locker, so I changed and sat in the waiting room for about 15 minutes before the massage therapist greeted me. She then brought me into the room and I got my massage, I explained how I tweaked my lower back and that needed the most work, but it seemed to get the least amount of attention, in fact, I thought she was moving along quite quick during the whole thing,  but I wasn't checking the time, it just felt like it was fast, and there was minimal pressure applied.  When we finished, she told me that she probably wouldn't see me again (I assume she's leaving or moving) but she hoped I had a good experience and the salon looks forward to having me as a returning customer.  I changed back into my clothes and  went out to pay the $65 for the hour and I tipped her as I work in the service industry, I know how important tips can be, it wasn't a horrible massage, just seemed fast and light.  Much to my suprise, when I got to my car I checked the time thinking it was right around 5, and it was only 4:30,  indeed that massage was definitely rushed.  I wasn't on the table for more than 35 minutes, but paid for  an hour.  I'm pretty sure she just wanted to get me out of there and be done.  Can't say I would return there.
3 The owner called me and tried to rectify the situation which in my opinion is very commendable, so give this place a shot and see what you think.
5 Just had the best facial and massage a girl could ask for. The salon is the prefect combination of classy and cool.  Krystal was amazing she took the time to explain the facial . Then it was on to a great massage that relieved all the tension and stress from my busy life.  The fireplace in the waiting area just added to this special treat. When you go make sure to ask for the Mother's Day special  for yourself and your mom. She will love you for it.
5 I searched the Valley for somewhere to cut and highlight my straight blonde hair (which I thought wouldn't be a problem). I had so many terrible experiences. I ended up waiting until I would fly back to my hometown twice a year and have my old hairstylist doing the job.  Then I found Gianna Christine! From the moment I walk in the door I feel relaxed. I am always greeted with a smile and an offer of tea. I never wait To get started on my appointments.  I had gone to Nicole for about a year and loved her. She did such an amazing job when she left I panicked. The staff recommended Steven and he didn't not disappoint. His quiet and kind demeanor allowed me to relax and decompress from a hectic day. He took his time and was truly a joy to sit for. I will always head back to get my blonde from Steven.
5 This place is wonderful. The staff is so professional and Simone has been doing my hair for years. I've recently started getting my eyebrows done and it's fantastic for that too!!!!
