5 Your know your favorite pair of shoes that are comfortable, the perfect color, the right style, all you want in a shoe but there is one small problem.  They look like they have been up Camelback Mountain 102 times.  You don't want to get rid of them because you can never find them again so what do you do?  YOU BRING THEM TO COLONNADE SHOE SHOP & REPAIR.  My favorite heels have been worn so many times that I have the little heel cap replaced at least 4 times and the front part of the shoe re-soled twice.  All at this shoe repair shop.  The heel caps are only $6 for the pair AND he does it while you wait usually.  I was in and out in less than 5 minutes and I am wearing my favorite heels today.
5 I've had heels replaced, rips fixed, shoes stretched, worn leather soles on my favorite Cole Haans completed covered with a new rubber sole (I though they were hopeless!), purses stitched, luggage zippers repaired...  Good gracious I don't know why I haven't thought to review this shop sooner!  They are quick.  They are good - sometimes miraculous.  They will discuss your repair with you ahead of time if they think there will be any issues with it.  They are very reasonably priced.  I'm always pleased with the results, no exceptions on the 8 or 9 years I've been going there. No one else touches my shoes!!!  They are closed Saturday, but open Sunday.
1 Why in God's name would a shoe repair shop be closed Saturday?  I should have known at that point that things were screwed up. My second clue was the plastic fake Louis Vuitton bags for sale, hanging on the wall. My third was when the employee argued with me about what I wanted -- namely, for my heels to be resoled with something that gives them a little more grip, because 4" heels + highly polished floor at work have earned me the nickname of "Cripple". I specifically asked that the heel itself get a little something for grip, since that area seemed to be the worst culprit. The man argued with me, saying the heel shouldn't matter. Well, unless you have a secret, big guy, I doubt you have a lot of experience with the treacherous specifics of heels. The fourth clue was when he ran my debit card and the machine ran out of paper and he didn't know if the transaction went through or not.  What?  When I picked the shoes up, I then had to wait while he flipped through the entire day's transactions from the day I had dropped the shoes off to make sure the payment went through. Why is this my problem? Why do I have to stand there for five minutes while you do that?    And then, next time I wore the heels to work, the heels themselves slipped all over on the floor, just like I thought they would. Sure, the ball of my foot was fine, but that wasn't the problem in the first place. So I spent $15 for nothing. Thanks.
5 I have been very pleased with their work and I am a hard to please person.  I took in a pair of Jimmy's to be repaired and the man advised me to not only repair the heel cover but also to line the bottom with rubber.  I couldn't be more pleased.  When I asked him to stretch several pairs of shoes for me as well, he said there is a $7 charge per pair and I would be better served to buy the shoe stretcher for $25.  I asked if I should get a pair and he said 1 was just fine for now.  I was surprised he would eliminate an opportunity to garner more revenue.  I must say that I have been using the shoe stretcher so much that I ready to make it a pair now.
5 The guy did a great job repairing a couple of pairs of Born shoes.  I was about ready to pay $125 a pair for new shoes, but took them in to see if they could be fixed.  For $20, I got shoes that look almost as good as new.  Everything about them looks great now.  Obviously, a shoe repair store is a bit of an old world kind of thing. After all, most people just buy a new pair. I'm glad I checked into getting my shoes repaired first, because I saved a lot of money.  The guy that runs the shop is certainly what I expected; an old world guy with an accent who I presume has been doing this for years and years.  If you're high maintenance like the one girl who was aghast any store might close one day a week, then go pay more to buy a new pair. But I will most certainly be back.
5 I say my shoes are too narrow in the toes. He says he can stretch them over 2 days, $7 a pair. I tell him I don't have 2 days, he says I can buy a shoe stretcher and do it at home, $23.99 each. I tell him the top edge of the heel also digs in - he reaches over and hands me a little plastic baggy, charges me $5.99 and *poof*! No more heel pain, no more tight toes. WTF. Shoe whisperer, I'm TELLING you!
5 Great customer service, fast service, excellent repairs and very fair costs. Let this man work his magic on your shoes and purses. Highly recommend.
5 For someone who has never had a pair of shoes repaired, this was a first for me.  The guy, who I can only assume is the owner, fixed a favorite pair of shoes in a couple days.  He repaired cracked and worn soles, fixed the uppers where they were separating from the bottom, and even cleaned the shoes and replaced the laces all for $30.  This is very much an old world shop as another reviewer said, the type of place that you just don't find very often in Phoenix, regardless of the industry.  Great find and one worth trying.
1 This review is for a wallet zipper replacement. After seeing so many positive reviews I headed over during my lunch hour. The owner took a personal phone call and continued on the call the entire time I was there. I briefly asked if he could replace the zipper. He charged me $25 during his conversation on the phone and told me to pick it up the next day.   Fast forward to the next day: there was a sign on the door that said "Closed" and then "go next door". So, I walked in to a barber shop. The woman nearest the door interrupted a haircut and headed over with me.   I handed her my ticket. She looked at it briefly and asked me for a description of the item. She proceeded to dig through the back room. Came out holding a wallet. Nope. That happened again. Then she called me back and asked me which of the purses and wallets on display was mine. None of them. Then she noticed my wallet was in a huge pile of other items on the repair table, still unrepaired.  Awesome.   The next day I arrived to pick up my item. It had been hurredly put together with a zipper that was inappropriate for the weight of the wallet, was very hard to zip/unzip, there were plenty of gaps where it wasn't sewn correctly and wasn't the same color as the original brown zipper. I explained the problems, told him I would be happy to take it somewhere else if he would like to refund my money but he insisted he redo it.   I decided to give him a few days before heading back and they had someone new manning the front desk. There are still gaps where the zipper isn't fully sewn to the edge of the wallet, an added bonus of several layers of knotted upholstery thread on the wallet edge and a black zipper. Aesthetics aside, from a purely utilitarian standpoint, it fulfills its purpose.
1 I was very disappointed in my encounter with them today.  I have been going there for years and thought they have done a good job.  Today I picked up my Tori Burch purse that I brought in to have a shoulder strap repaired.  The thread they used for the repair was a light cream color.  The purse and the stitching is a mustard yellow color.  It looks terrible!!!  They tried putting some cream colored shoe polish on the tread, no improvement.  Now the thread just looked dirty.  I told them that I was not at all happy with the repair.  They just kept saying in thick accent.  "It's good, I fixed it good".  They would not refund the amount I prepaid,  (prepay only store), or redo it with the correct color thread.  Just kept saying.  "I fixed it good".  Looks like I'll be finding a new shoe repair place.
5 This place has been here for many years. Always great service here. A family run business that really cares about their business. A good location at the Colonnade Mall, right on Cmaelback Road. You can park in the front or the back. They take really good care of what you leave there. It is always ready and perfect when I pick it up. The cutest thing is they had their son working there last week when I went in to pick up my order. He was quite a little guy. 8 years old he knew the numbers and the prices and they even allowed him to ring up the order, and he could make change. Wow, he even had manners.  We thought this was a great take your son to work day. I was impressed. One more thing, if you pay with Credit card it must be over $10.00 or they charge you a fee, now I just take cash for the small things.
5 Great place. Quick, fast, and great priced service! The little boy even knows what to do. Highly recommend this shoe repair shop.
