3 A small, cozy, bustling cafe near Madison's botanical gardens. A great place to hang and take advantage of the free wi-fi if you don't mind the noise of people coming and going. The staff always seems to know exactly what they're doing, though in my experiences haven't gone out of their way to be friendly. Good smoothies--I tried both the Gloomy Day and Peach Punch. I loved the Gloomy Day. It was thick and fruity and not overly sweet. It really brightened up my gloomy day! I also tried the ArtiMelt sandwich and loved it's flavor. Have yet to try anything off of Crema's tempting breakfast menu. I love that they use local eggs in their dishes!
5 Crema Café is a fabulous place.  It is an intimate, sophisticated yet casual little space, the only thing of its kind on the east side of Madison.  The menu is fantastic, quirky items made from fresh, local ingredients.  The flavors are excellent.  The coffee is the best cup you can get anywhere around.  As for the staff, they seem genuinely happy and are friendly but not artificial.  If you are looking for a place that feels urban and intelligent and has great food, coffee and a nice atmosphere, Crema is it.
5 Good food in Madison?! Somewhere besides Magnus?! Who woulda thought it was possible. Coffee is excellent, the Gobbler was maybe the best sandwich I've had in a long ass time... only comparable to Jerry's Sandwiches in Chicago (on Madison St., not the one in Wicker Park). Service was quick and cute... what's not to love about this place! For once Richard Richardo and I agree on something!
5 Finally I got to experience the Crema Cafe and I will be going back very soon!    My mocha was excellent and the breakfast sandwich was super delicious.  The cheddar cream cheese thats on this sandwich is so good and the fried egg and greens on a ciabatta bun just make it a perfect breakfast sandwich in my eyes.  The waffles looked amazing as well and my mate told that the vanilla butter is awesome.    The interior is very bright and cheery. I love the colorful plates.  If you sit by the window you get a small view of Lake Monona.    Everyone who was working was very friendly and our breakfast came out quick.     The prices are fair... you can buy anything on the menu for under $10!  Best of all, there are many items that are organic and locally grown.   We left totally satisfied and I'm sure you will too!  =)
5 I was very impressed with the breakfast offerings at Crema.  I got the Farmers Scramble. It was scrambled egg mixed with spinach, cheddar from a local diary and sausage from a local farm. I was so impressed. It came out with a spring salad tossed in a light vinaigrette dressing and 2 slices of fresh sour dough.  I also got a Mocha. I'm not a coffee connoisseur, but I can tell you that it was one of the best tasting mocha's I have ever had. Whatever chocolate they used fit so well together with the coffee...yum.  My girlfriend got the Belgian Waffle. She said it was amazing. It looked great and was served with real Wisconsin maple syrup. My only concern was that if I had ordered it, the one waffle with no sides would not have been enough to fill me up. This was not a problem for her, so it was perfect.  The location is nice. It is in a strip mall, which is not ideal, but you overlook a beautiful view of the lake.  Overall: Delicious, just right portions, amazing Mocha, and a good view. What more could you ask for with breakfast!
5 Fresh, local, and good! You really have to experience it firsthand. Inexpensive breakfast options for the little ones, and I've never had an item I didn't like. Try the cherry galette. Wait. Don't. They're mine, all mine...
4 I visited this cafe after reading the many glowing reviews and was not disappointed. Ordered the baked oatmeal and it was delicious- real ingredients make the difference: cranberries, hulled oats, baked pecans, fresh milk and crumbly brown sugar.  My partner ordered the blueberry waffle with vanilla butter, real maple syrup and candied pecans. Both meals were around $5, portions were healthy sizes and table service was quick and friendly.  Minus one star: for the fly in the restaurant,  the music (strange choice of loud 1970s freedom rock- sort of hilarious at 7am in a cafe inhabited by mostly retired elderly folks), for the girl at the counter who didn't know how to smile or make eye contact, for the slightly cramped table space, for the nearly empty creamer carafe that dumped 900 ounces of half and half into my coffee cup. Man I hate those things.  Bottom line: a true Madisonion treasure tucked away in an unassuming strip mall with great prices, real food, and a little view of the lake.
5 My husband and I were on our semi-seasonal trip to Madison recently and enjoyed a great breakfast courtesy of Crema. I opted for buying a Groupon a few weeks prior to our trip, which made the experience even better.  I have to admit: I am forever in love with the salad over potatoes approach Crema Cafe has enlisted as a side with breakfast. I had the Fungus Scramble with a mini donut muffin. It was another quiet breakfast as my husband and I occasionally made eye contact with smiles of approval.  With a great view of the lake near the ever-so-bike-friendly town of Madison, you'll find Crema Cafe a treat.
4 Short but sweet.   Bring your mac. Ambience is perfect for doing work or facebooking for hours. Yes, it's now a verb.  Blueberry chicken salad. It's the only entree I've ever tried because it is so darn tasty. I swap the chips for a salad and throw it on the sammy to feel better about life and the two chocolate chip cookies proceeding the bcs.   Why not 5 stars? Where the customer service is terrific (the nice man taking orders must also taste test for coffee quality control for as much enthusiasm and zeal pouring out of this guy) a to go order takes longer than a bike ride around Lake Mendota, regardless of how busy or slow. Call it in, yelpers, and enjoy.
5 Crema is a great little place squeezed onto the end of a strip mall. They really make the most of this space - nicely-appointed interior and great food. I had the best waffle of my life here. I don't know how they made a waffle that stood head and shoulders above every other waffle I've had in my life, but they did. It was ... succulent. The texture was perfect. Plenty of plump, juicy blueberries. A cup of great coffee (Alterra's, from Milwaukee) to go with it. Reasonable prices, friendly staff. Not much here that I could criticize ...
2 For the past few weeks, I have been told how good this place is. I have been told on a number of occasions that I have to try this place. So, the day after Thanksgiving, I find myself on Monona Drive and I think, why not - time to try it.  I was not impressed. Coffee was from Alterra (?), so what. Just average coffee. I ordered the petit dejeuner. It was just scrambled eggs. I don't eat bacon, and the toast was hard toast. Any easy coast diner can serve this and its 100 times better. It was priced okay at 5.50, but there was nothing that would make me come back. I bought a donut muffin on my way out and it was as equally disappointing.  There was nothing memorable here. I think of La Conversation in Los Angeles, where you order the pumpkin pancakes and you think of nothing else after you leave. The haunting memory drives you to return. Alas, that is not the case here.  Crema Cafe, I have had better.
5 Everyone that works there is SUPER nice. Prices are reasonable.   GET the breakfast sandwich. I love breakfast and their breakfast sandwich is probably the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had.   The only thing I've had there that I really didn't like was the salmon scramble thing. Its not that great.   They also just expanded so there's plenty of room for larger groups.
4 went here for brunch a couple times... haven't tried any of their drinks yet but the food was great!  got what i think was the bluebird sandwich which was really good, but kinda sweet and another sandwich that was warmed up made of chicken...sorry can't remember the name but that was really good too.  the staff is really nice and helpful... definitely a place to go to hang out with friends to talk and have something good to eat!
4 Finally went today. Good, not great. It has a pretty standard coffee shop atmosphere, with some fun designs in the interior. They also are sporting a view of the lake (past the parking lot and road).  The Bluebird sandwich is pretty good. I love how they serve spicy El Ray tortilla chips from Milwaukee. Brings me back. They hit the tap water out of the park.  Service was good, nice people.
5 The Artichoke sandwich is amazing.  Its a lovely neighborhood kind of place with great service,   The prices are reasonable.  The food authentic -fresh salads, homemade soups.  This is not upscale. It is one of those places that just feel like home.
5 Discovered Crema Cafe via Yelp this weekend. Went there for lunch on Friday - it was yummy. My wife spotted the baked oatmeal on the bunch menu and we went back the next morning after she dreamed about it. It lived up to her expectations.
4 cute place, very nice people.. i too LOVED the bluebird sammich...and, i almost NEVER order  chicken salad( or tuna) out in a restaurant. You MUST try this sammich!
5 Crema is great! This is our favorite neighborhood place for breakfast. The ingredients are fresh and high quality. It costs a little bit more than your typical greasy spoon, but the taste and quality make up for it.
5 I was in town for the weekend visiting family. My sister lives down the street from Crema Cafe and we had it two days in a row for lunch! I had the Gobbler and Bluebird sandwiches and they were out of this world!   The Gobbler has turkey, arugula, goat cheese and a cherry compote. The flavor pairings of this sandwich are amazing. I wish I could get this in Chicago! The blue bird is a chicken salad mixed with blueberries. This was also a tasty sandwich. It is a little heavy on the mayo so calories can add up.  Both sandwiches are very filling and stick with you for the day. The cafe has ample seating and is very cute. When I go back to Madison to see my sister, I will be making another stop at Crema Cafe!
2 I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast. Unfortunately after expanding, the food and customer service has gone downhill. While dining there this morning I tasted my side salad and it was SALTY. I don't understand why they started adding salt and pepper to their delightfully simple side salad, it's BAD. When I asked a staff member if the added salt to the salad she said no, but we heard the cook in the background correct her. The breakfast sandwich was ok but definitely not worth $9 with the salty side salad that is inedible. The last time we visited, the food was really bad too. I LOVE the killer scramble (scrambled eggs, goat cheese, and smoked salmon). The salmon must have been expired because it smelled and tasted awful. With some quality control and improved service this restraint could be great again.
4 This is a place I always meant  to try when I lived in Madison, but always seemed out of the way.  Lucky for me, I am staying with some friends just up the road whilst on my vacation.  I stopped in for just a cup of coffee and was seduced by the sweet potato hash.  It was fantastic and came to the table nice and hot and fresh.  A little chipotle tabasco, some sourdough toast and I inhaled it but only just a little.  The decor is light and retro-inspired.  As a former diner waitress I found the lively noises of clanking plates, milk frothing and background conversation oddly comforting.
4 I was in town visiting my Father and Grandmother. This place harbored me during my 2 weeks and offered me welcome respite from the harsh reminders of my guilt-riddled childhood. I would order a latte and stay for hours while I read comics, checked my email, and drew in my sketchbook. The espresso is definitely the best in the area, however I believe that the true charm of Crema comes from it's awesome sandwich menu. Their Tuscan is nothing short of epicly delicious and I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of eating it. There is tons of seating, and I never felt cramped other than during lunch hour. If you are staying in the Madison/Monona area, it is definitely a place to stop by and bring your friends. In my personal opinion, it doesn't stack up to the best coffee I've had, but I liked it more than enough to keep coming back again and again on my trip out to the Midwest.
5 Fantastic Bluebird Sandwich. Relax and casual dining.
5 I first heard about Crema Cafe when Chef Steve sponsored the Madison Social Media Club meeting.  I consider myself a foodie and when he talked about his passion for fresh and local ingredients I could tell he was the real deal.  My boyfriend's parents were in town the next weekend and I decided to take them to Crema Cafe for brunch.    On the way over I was thinking "is this a good idea? Will my foodie reputation be ruined because I'm taking a chance on Crema Cafe?"    My instincts were right on! There was not a scrap of food left of the table when it was over. With the insanity of the feeding frenzy I can't remember exactly what everyone had, but I ordered a scrambler special, and my boyfriend got a pumpkin latte which was spectacular.  I'm from Virginia so the highlight of the meal was the cheesy grits, which brought my Wisconsin and Virginia world together in a rich and creamy bite.      I don't give out 5 stars to just anyone! Crema Cafe is a must try! I
5 The food was amazing. Dropped in on my way through Madison because of other reviews. We both had bluebird sandwiches. The person I was with added Mushroom soup which smelled so good that I stole a taste....it tasted freshly made.   The downside to Crema is the atmosphere. IMO, it was sort of dumpy looking...it was clean, but the decor is not to the level of the food.
5 The food here is a perfect 10 - amazing! I'd eat here all the time if I lived here!
4 Very good food but I had to take off a star because their latte is so weak it is insane. I ordered tea and it was stronger than my husbands latte. We had to go out and Get coffee at caribou afterwards.
2 I keep wanting to like this place but they consistently cross flavor lines in my opinion.  I have tried a half dozen items from their menu now and more often than not my taste buds are offended. I feel as though they are constantly striving to create new unique combinations and flavors which is not a bad thing, where they go wrong however is that they constantly allow one flavor or another to completely take over the dish to the point that you can no longer taste anything else.  They definitely use fresh ingredients and there is a couple of dishes that are okay, but they continually offend my taste buds.
5 Comfy atmosphere and good food. Sustainable. Local. Organic.
5 Almost all of their ingredients are locally sourced. I've even seen a farmer in his overalls hand deliver his goods to the café. Great food and coffee. A friendly atmosphere.  Oh,and their "Ham and Jam" sandwich is hands down the best thing I've ate in Madison over the past year. It's amazing. Great for breakfast or lunch...or dinner or for a snack or twice a day...seriously. You should try one.  Bravo!
5 I go out of my way to eat at Crema.  Their weekend brunch specials are always appeaking and stray away from the regular pancake.eggs that other breakfast places  serve.  Also appreciate them serving and procuring local produce and meats.  Highly recommended
3 The bacon and eggs were great and the coffee was also.. The sandwiches not my favorite. But breakfast is a YES
2 Stopped in on a Saturday morning and the place was decent.  Comparable to Manna on the north east side but not the same quality level in the food.  Drink order was wrong, not a big deal.  I had some pancakes with granola and bacon.  They were interesting but rather dense and the granola was not a positive addition.  Bacon seemed medium quality, not as good as many Madison places.  Ambiance was a bit more strip-mall than some of the other breakfast places in the area.  I don't eat out in Monona a lot, if I did this would probably be one breakfast place I would hit but it was not worth driving from the willy area with so many other options.
4 Avoid the fast garbage food a the McDonald's and Taco Bell's of the worth and take a trip a few miles off the highway to some excellent healthy tasty food.   Followed the yelper trail to Crema and found a retro vintage fruity gem of a diner. Daughter has the fresh beary French toast and she ate it all up.  I had the farmers scramblers.  Eggs, fresh snasage cheddar. Great toast and a very interesting sweet potato hash brown sides - excellent.    The coffee was very tasty too!  Add to that young friendly workers - a definite great start to the day.
1 Terrible service!! We went here with our 1.5yo daughter because everyone said it was kid-friendly. NOT TRUE.  We waited over 30min for food while people who arrived after us were being served. The staff were not apologetic and when we couldn't wait any longer and asked for our money back, they wanted us to wait because it was "almost ready." I left with our daughter and my husband waited ANOTHER 10 minutes for the food before they finally admitted it wasn't done and gave us our money back. Never eating here again!!
5 Best sandwiches ever!
5 Great sandwiches.
5 Kid friendly with toys and everything. Best food ever.  They use fresh ingredients.  I recommend the ham and jam sandwich in the morning and the artimelt for lunch.  Get a smoothy made with real fruit and a delicious and huge scone.  Service can be a little slow sometimes, but it doesn't matter.  I love them anyway.
5 Typically I wouldn't give a five star review after one experience but this place was beaming with goodness. I cannot wait to go back.  This is the perfect place to catch up with a friend over well thought out food. I skimmed the menu and went with the Ham & Jam. (A ham sandwich with tomato jam, goat cheese & red onion.) It was heaven sent goodness. And here's a secret: I'm not fan of ham. So that says a lot.  They serve Alterra coffee; refills are available and are 50 cents. (You order up front as well and the items are brought to you.) My friend had the Farmer's Scramble and we both decided I hit the jackpot. I cannot wait to head back and try the Fungus Scramble or any of the specials that seemed to get by me this morning. (I'll blame it on the daylight savings time.)  If you're thinking of going here and are with a small group, search no further. If you have a larger group, be careful with your timing as it might be tough to get a big table. I arrived at 9:30 on a Sunday Morning and there were only 2 open tables, both seating 2 or 3.
5 By far, the best place to eat in town - especially on the weekends for brunch. I wish their lunch menu on the weekdays was a little more gluten-free friendly - I can only eat the salad option that doesn't have nuts (I have a darn nut allergy, too). (Any thoughts of offering the delicious grits for later in the day?) But I am not going to complain because the salad is delicious, too.
5 Fungus scrambler! Need I say more? It was delicious and fresh. You can actually taste the freshness! It's something that I couldn't get enough of! Even though I stay about 25 minutes away, it was worth the drive. You'll be in for a treat and I mean a real treat! I couldn't complain about the price really, great food at average price. You'll be amazed! Compared with other breakfast joints, there's plenty of seating and parking. Considering the joint is in a plaza. I was unable to try the bluebird since I was there only on breakfast.
2 Below average food experience for me and good for my GF. I took my breakfast sandwich back after it was more lettuce than substance and was just not good at all and it was replaced with a weak, unflavorful helping of the omlette special. Very underwhelming food. Young wait staff was unorganized and slow. But were very friendly. Check it off the list. Over rated in my opinion. Marigold, Bluefies, Hubbard Ave are WAY better in all areas. Especially, in the overall food quality, consistency catagory.
2 One and done for me.  The owners have forgotten that very good food can be easily ruined by bad service, as was the case here.  I wanted to love this place because I have gotten good coffee here many times, but it failed as a restaurant.  The food was definitely good with some nice flavors, but when it took 33 minutes to get a simple breakfast, it was just unacceptable food service. It makes sense that they don't offer an bottomless cup of coffee, guests would drink the place out of business waiting for their food.  Oh, and toast was one piece of bread, cut in half ... really?
5 The Bluebird sandwich is my all time fav! Highly recommend  any of the homemade soups. Great locally owned place that makes great coffee too!
4 Really excellent food, good coffee, plenty of other drinks to choose from, yummy pastries, warm atmosphere.   But the wait. Oh, the wait! There is a long wait EVERY day at lunch time, and I just don't understand it. Yes, as the owner replied to an earlier review, it does take time to prepare quality food. But couldn't something like chicken salad (or egg salad or sliced meats or....) be made ahead of time? So it would take just a couple of minutes to make a sandwich out of it? When it takes 30 minutes, I figure they must be back there killing the chicken as I wait.  Seriously, though, the staff are super friendly and helpful, but have not the tiniest sense of urgency. I think it must be the culture of the place that speed is just not any kind of priority. I will keep going back, but only when I've got time on my hands.
4 One of my favorite places in Madison, hands down for coffee/breakfast.  Alterra coffee and local ingredients for food is a home run in my book.  The people working are great and provide top notch service.  It's usually my first stop in town on my way in.
2 Food was good, service was terrible. Apparently they forgot to make my father's order and kept on making excuses as to why his food wasn't out. He had ordered the special. 3 people who came in after us were served the special while he continued to wait. The excuse for the delay was that he ordred the special...... that was served to other people but not him? No apologies were made, just excuses. Probably will not be going back here.
5 The food is tied for best breakfast with another place I like to eat.  I had breakfast, and ate the Killer Scramble and Sweet Ginger Crepes.  It was so good, and the temperature of the food was perfect.  I am so happy I ate there.
5 Friendly staff, fun vibe, and somedays a wait. But thats what happens when your know for using local ingredients, being creative with them and hitting the spot every time to return for more. I highly recommend     -Baked oatmeal topped with brown sugar & milk    -Daily made from scratch bakery    -Smoked gouda Grits    -Weekend brunch special (posted on their facebook & twitter the friday before)
3 I had a similar experience as some other of the reviewers. The service is bad. With 2 people in front of me, it was a 10 minute wait to place my order. The wait for the food was not beyond expectation, but when you order soup and a salad, silverware is expected, but the server forgot then got annoyed when I asked for utensils and more napkins.   The Hoppin' John soup was tasty. The Hot Chick was satisfying, too. The fruit that came with the kid's sandwiches was unexpected and very good; pomegranate and kiwi! My kids loved it.   I will go back because of the location and the food, but I now know what kind of service to expect. I can deal with it.
3 I liked it and will definitely go back.  Good food, good atmosphere.  Not the friendliest of service on a very busy Sunday morning.  The guy taking our order was very distracted.
2 Don't think I will ever return on a weekend afternoon. Always way to busy, which I guess is a good thing for business, but I waited 30 minutes for 2 "to go" sandwiches (wanted to eat there, but never seems to be a table). Even the man who ordered after us got his food first somehow. It just seems that the service is a little confused (lots of very young workers). Sandwiches were pretty good, & the mango smoothy was good too, but it's tough to deal with the wait & unorganized service.
4 I absolutely love this place! Their salads are incredible and their choices for kids meals are delicious - they don't "kid down" their food just because its for children. My favorite thing to get is the Hot Chick sandwich - BEST spicy chicken sandwich around (much better than Panera's chipotle chicken). I only wish that they would offer the Hot Chick on weekends when I am most likely to stop there for lunch. I also wish there was more outdoor seating but I understand the small amount due to the space restrictions. Headed there for lunch today!!
4 This used to be a "discovery" in Madison as it's tucked away in a strip mall on the east side, but now it's all my friend's destinations for awesome sandwiches and solid brunch.  The Bluebird is my all time favorite, but the Artimelt hits the spot too.  The breakfast sandwich is one of the best in Madison with it's great combination of cheddar and scallion cream cheese.  If you have kids - go here.  There are always kids and they have little bags with Mr. Potato heads in them to keep the munchkins happy.  Serve Alterra coffee, solid.  This is one of my stops on my "must-eats" in Madison.
4 Their regular menu is great, but their specials are just that - special. I would say that 90% of the time I eat one I say something along the lines of "this is one of the best things I have ever eaten", and I truly mean it.  The only thing holding them back from being 5 stars for me is that I don't enjoy the coffee selection they have out regularly (an important thing for me) and I wish they were open later.  I keep wanting to eat brunch at different places around Madison, but I am continually drawn back to Crema. Also, it gets really busy, so plan ahead!
5 Really like the sandwiches here.  Unique recipes.  Get there on the weekends for brunch and some interesting specials.  Haven't had a bad meal here yet.
5 Great location to sit outside with the perfect latte with the lake and the capital view on your horizon , love their sandwiches nothing ordinary always creative
4 I really like this place.  I enjoy the coffee and food.  Great salads!  Friendly staff.  My only complaint is that they close too early for me.  I wish they would stay open until at least 5 PM.  Several times I've had to leave b/c they are closing shop and I end up having to go to the coffee shop down the road.  That one is good too but I'd rather be at Crema.
5 The awesome atmosphere is trumped only by the yumminess of the sandwiches. I also like that they serve mostly local food. Great place.
4 A bike, some brunch and good times with 10 yelpers served as a reminder that I haven't written a review for Crema. FOR SHAME!   Here's all you need to know:  -The cakes are solid! This weekend it was blueberry oatmeal and I could have eaten 3 orders. Hearty. Tasty. Good.   -Their coffee is from Alterra... er, uhm Collectivo. No complaints from me!  -They have savory options and things that lean more lunch-like, but I have to say breakfast is where they excel, especially their scramblers.   -It can take a little time to score a table on the weekend. Know that going in. Harder if you're in a large group.
4 I recently grabbed a Sunday brunch at the Crema Cafe and was impressed by my first meal there.  I ordered the Killer Scramble (smoked salmon, leeks, goat cheese, three eggs) with a side of the sweet potato hash.  Things I liked: * Holy mammoth portion size, Batman.  My plate was literally brimming over with food when the server delivered my meal to the table.  (Since I biked in from Waunakee, I appreciated generous serving size).  The cook did not scrimp on the salmon when preparing this this dish, which I appreciated on every forkful. * Crema Café proudly serves Alterra coffee, always fresh, always delish.  Refills will set you back 50 cents. * Even though they are nestled in a rather non-descript strip mall, I really enjoyed the indie coffeehouse vibe of the restaurant.  Cozy and welcoming with no hint of pretentiousness.  Bonus points for the great view of Lake Monona. * The sweet potato hash was extremely fresh and flavorful - it really highlighted the natural sweetness of the sweet potato.  I would have liked to have more caramelization on the sweet potatoes, but I thoroughly enjoyed them as evidenced by my empty plate at the end of the meal. * As mentioned by other reviewers, bonus points for their use of local ingredients and products from small farmers and producers.  Things I didn't: * I didn't pick up much flavor of the leeks and chevre in the scramble.  While I appreciated the heavy dose of salmon, the dish would have benefited from better balance between the fillings. * The floor was really dirty during my visit.  When I picked up my bike helmet, I noticed a fair amount of bread crumbs and other food remnants.  Granted, this was at the end of the morning rush, so it's understandable that things will not be pristine.  And the table and chairs were all thoroughly wiped down.  Based on this visit, I definitely plan on returning to explore more of their menu.
5 My first visit wasn't the greatest because of the service (but then again, they had just opened at 7AM on a Saturday, and I'm sure I wouldn't be very bright eyed and bushy tailed that early either), but I came back again because the food was EXCELLENT. On my second visit, I had an extremely friendly woman take my order and my sour attitude about their customer service went right out the window.  I dream about the sweet potato hash. And the blue bird sandwhich. Seriously. These are two menu items you MUST try!  This cafe is not something you would expect inside of a tiny strip mall across from the lake. The food is unique and the atmosphere is cozy. It can easily be missed if you're passing through, so look out for it next time you're in the neighborhood!
3 Food is good but we waited for half an hour for our food to come. Not good when you're starving.
4 Crema Crema Crema Chameleon.... Chameleon This is an oldie but goodie.  I am excited to see that they have doubled their size in the last couple of years, which means business is good. Coffee, breakfast and lunch are done right here.  Plenty of healthy options for lunch, homemade soups, sammies and salads. Lunch time is packed so come early if you want a good spot. Only downside is they close at 3:30pm
4 Awesome food and one of the best lunch places in Madison. Owner is a real chef and it shows. Place gets busy at noon so come early.
5 Wow, simply wow. My lady and I love this place!!  Just had the breakfast sandwich, the ingredients in it were a great combo.   My lady had the fungus scramble which was amazing and the blueberry hill smoothie.   I will be back for a quick smoothie if I'm in the area and need a quick drink. The mocha was awesome too so if you need a quick pick me up stop into this place.  I just wish they had more seating :)
5 They have a unique selection of foods. It's mostly a salad, soup and sandwich place.   My hot chocolate was made with fresh cream and was terrific.   My sandwich was good, though I had goat cheese. I found I'm not really a fan of goat cheese. Who would have thunk it? Lol.   It was still good considering, and their chips must be home made. I liked them though. My friend devoured her turkey sandwich.   Great spot for talking and eating with a friend or two. If I ever end up back in Madison I'll definitely come back.
5 Amazing coffee and friendly staff! I've only had their pastries and coffee but plan to come back for breakfast or brunch with the hubby.
5 Breakfast sandwiches. This place has ruined me for breakfast sandwiches anyplace else. I had the bacon, egg, frisee with the spicy mayo on an impossibly light, herbed foccacia bun. I might order a breakfast sandwich someplace else, but not without comparing it to this one.   I've never had a disappointing meal here. I rarely order anything-salad sandwiches, but the bluebird is outstanding. Soups are always good.   I appreciate the attention to local food too.
4 I took my mom to Crema Cafe the last time she was in town after a co-worker recommended it to me. Oh man. I am so glad she did!!!  We got there around 8:30 on a Saturday morning and were able to order quickly & get a table. A line did form at the ordering counter soon after we arrived, but it seemed like the tables turned over quickly enough to accommodate just about everyone!  Both of our meals were amazing. I had the power grits (cheesy grits with bacon & an egg on top) and I seriously dream about that meal now. The grits were so cheesy & indulgent. My mom got the fungus scramble and we both really liked that too.  Go Crema Cafe!  My only complaint: a lot of the tables were near the door and it's winter, so we were pretty freezing during most of our meal. It wasn't the biggest deal, but it did impact our comfort while we ate. Then again, it's winter in Wisconsin, so I'm not sure what else I would expect.
2 Was hoping for a little more... based on reviews and the crowd when we first attempted to eat here...  the infamous sweet potato hash was a little underwhelming ... with a tad too much sage, and served lukewarm.   The farmers scramble boasted "aged cheddar " was nearly non- existent.   Sour dough bread was flavorful,  but dry... learned to late that jam was available,  but you have to ask behind the counter ... 1 "unisex" restroom ...  The Silver lining of our experience was a very friendly staff.
3 The good thing about this restaurant is the food is all local. But unfortunately nothing to write home about. I got the sausage, spinach, aged cheddar scramble. The spinach wasn't"fresh" cut but was long and stringy like a frozen whole leaf spinach would be. Not much cheese noticed. Bread was blah and you had to ask for jam from behind the counter. They took a small container of cold jam out of the refrigerator. Small side of greens was fantastic. It was an expensive breakfast. They should have two $$ under their listing, not one. To top things off they had one unisex bathroom.
5 Highly recommended. Came in one day when they were apparently having problems in the kitchen: they compensated for slow service and proactively gave us $10 gift card to come back. Even on the "off" day, the food tasted amazing. Came back, enjoyed breakfast on a different day, and food again was superb. Great breakfast stuff ranging from savory to sweet.
4 Today was my second time at Crema. Both times I have been there, the meals have been divine. The first time I ate there, I had breakfast, today I had a sandwich with artichoke, spinach, cheese and mayo. Both were excellent.  Everyone in my party today also loved their meals. The apple pancakes, which were the special of the day, were melt-in-your mouth amazing and the cute rainbow of fruit served on the side was clearly very fresh. I love Crema's small, cozy atmosphere, the fun colorful plates, and of course, their delicious food.  Sadly, however, I cannot give Crema a five-star review.  I was extremely disappointed today at the customer service and how a mistake was handled. When our food was brought to our table, an order of children's pancakes was missing.  We asked the server about it.  In my opinion, his response should have immediately been, "I am so sorry, I will get those right out to you."  Instead, he said he would have to look at the ticket. A couple of minutes later he returned to let us know that there had been only one order of pancakes on our menu. This was a error on their part.  We ordered two - one apple, one regular. There were clearly two children standing with my husband when he ordered.  Then, again, instead of immediately getting us our pancakes, the server suggested that my husband should go and place another order.  So my husband waited in line (behind five other patrons - it was lunch on Mother's Day) to order the same pancakes that he had previous ordered.  By the time he finally got back to the table, his meal was cold, and by the time my son's pancakes finally arrived, the rest of us had finished our meals. This was their mistake, yet we were the ones that ended up with late food, cold food, and having to stand in line multiple times.  No one apologized. It was just a bummer - and the table next to us had an issue with their order, as well.    Food wise - this place is perfect.  I might suggest they spend a tad bit more time working with their servers on listening and how to handle errors.
4 This place is great. I just loved my breakfast, the Killer Scramble with egg whites.  My husband had the Farmers Scramble also fantastic. My salmon was just the right amount of smoke, the goat cheese the right amount of creamy and the side salad was a perfect addition. We drove today but plan on making this our walking breakfast destination.
3 We made plans to brunch at Crema to celebrate a belated Mother's Day with Violet L and her family. We arrived around 11:30am on Saturday, May 17.  + Very bright, cheery environment - lots of natural light & a nice view of the lake + Friendly staff - very helpful and prompt with order processing + Colectivo coffee, self serve - Charge for refills (only $0.50, but still...) - Coffee wasn't terribly hot - Coffee is *right next to* the cash register/order area, which makes for a cramped space - Cream/sugar/condiments are located *directly behind* the cash register/order area, which makes for an even more cramped environment, especially as people queue up in line to order  + Interesting menu options; love that most (if not all) is local and/or organic + Menu board behind register lists specials * Be sure to read the paper menu as well; it has additional options not listed on the chalk board  + Fun mix of tables/chairs with fair amount of elbow room between tables  + Food arrived after a short wait + Decent breakfast fare - I had the scrambler and found it to be quite tasty, with lots of fresh veggies and goodies. Eggs were slightly over-cooked. Thin slice of toast was crispy but not browned, and had just the tiniest sliver of hard butter on one edge (otherwise dry).  - Lone restroom is located... guess where? At the end of the little alleyway near the cash register/order area. So, between people standing in line to order, people filling coffees, people grabbing cream/sugar, people grabbing Sriracha, hot sauce, and ketchup, and people trying to get in and out of the restroom, it becomes quite the bottleneck.  All-in-all, not a bad place. A few minor areas for improvement, but otherwise quite solid.
1 Didn't let us have breakfast, because breakfast closed 4 minutes before we ordered, and we were waiting in line for 10 minutes.
