1 Urgent care reminds me of that old saying, "You get what you pay for."  For my $20 co-pay, I got 2 hours of waiting. No ex-rays on my brother's hand (which they said they could do) and a referral to the emergency room where I paid another co-pay and got more waiting time.  The employees are nice but really clueless. This place takes your money only to tell you that they aren't equipped to handle anything more  than the common cold and bloody diarrhea. I wish I didn't get the runaround so much when I asked why an x-ray was not done when I was told that they have the equipment for it. I had to talk to three people who told me three different excuses.   Waste of time folks. Next time I'll just go to the ER, pay the high co-pay but at least I know I'll be treated by real doctors.
3 Everyone here was very nice & professional. Got in and out in just over an hour, place was a bit dirty and small though.
5 Drove myself there with a bag of frozen peas on my possibly fractured and very swollen nose.They were the only urgent care in the area still open at 7:45 on a Saturday night. Not only did they get me IMMEDIATE attention,they didn't even worry about getting my billing info before getting me seen. They had 2 medical staffers take a fairly thourough look see and sent me to the ER. While I was in the room,I filled out the paperwork,but because they couldn't do anything for me,they didn't even ask for a co-pay. I thought that was impressive seeing as they did perfom an exam and discuss my injury with me. They will most likely bill my insurance,but to not ask for the co-pay was incredibly human of them.
5 I've been here twice.  Once late at night when I was pregnant and very sick with the flu and dehydrated.  And last night for a throbbing backache.    Anyway, both times it was a good experience.  From the front desk to the back of the office they were great;  The front desk asked for minimal paperwork to be filled out, they got me back immediately, everyone was really friendly and showed genuine concern, and they were all very efficient through the whole process.  I was in and out of there in less than an hour BOTH times.    The cost isn't bad either.  I paid $110 for an exam, a urine test and a script for antibiotics last night.  That wasn't too bad at all.  The first time I went they even called me on my cell a couple of days later to check on me and see if I was feeling better.  I thought that was really nice of them.  While the place is a 'tad' small, it is very clean.  It isn't brand spanking new, but it is well cared for and really not all that old.  I am impressed.  I will definitely be back a third time.  This beats all the other urgent care facilities I've ever had the unfortunate circumstance to use.  This one is a gem.  :)
3 Because we had a potential emergency (son needed stitches/glue), the staff told us to come immediately for triage. We got there, and it was not as fast as we were led to believe it would be. We waited for 20-30 minutes to be seen, and got to know several of the other folks in the waiting room (one or two appeared to be "regulars"). The ceiling over the waiting area was leaking, btw -- presumably due to an air conditioning malfunction, as this visit took place a couple months back when the weather was still warm. The office really seemed like a madhouse at first, but we were happy with the care we received once we were admitted. All in all, I'd probably return for the entertainment, convenience, and acceptable level of care, but it wouldn't necessarily be my first choice.
5 The folks at this place are amazing. Each time I've been here they are so helpful and friendly despite facing a never ending stream of whiny, sick people. Went in last night for a broken foot. Love that I can go online and request to be seen and they call me when they can fit me in. It took awhile to get an open room but once I did the staff wasted no time tending to my injury. Dr. Mike and his motley crew of characters swiftly moved in and examined, X-ray'd, bandaged, showed me how to use crutches and sent me on my way. One hour after arriving I hobbled my way to the car with discharge instructions in hand.
5 I was in Phoenix over last weekend and somehow managed to tweak a muscle in my back.  It was very painful and would spasm something awful.  I found this urgent care through my insurance company website and decided to check them out.  I used the WAHOO service and checked in online at about 9:30 pm.  Within minutes, someone called me and asked me a few brief questions then transferred me to the office directly.  The office told me they had an opening at 10:15.  I walked into the office around 10:05.  Within a few minutes, they called me up and got all my information and had me fill out a form.  I was called back at around 10:20.  Within 15 minutes, the P.A. came in and examined me.  She was extremely pleasant and kind.  I had to sit for about 10 minutes after they gave me an injection, to make sure I didn't have any bad side effects.  We walked out of there 55 minutes after we arrived.  Two days later, I received a follow-up call from them, asking me how I was dong.  I live in California and am used to waiting hours upon hours at the urgent care just to be called back to a room, then wait longer for the doc to see me.  This place has figured it out...I only wish my local urgent care at home could learn from them.  My daughter will be attending ASU in the fall and I've told her that this is the place to go if she ever needs to be seen off campus and especially to use the WAHOO service.  I was seen ahead of some others who checked in ahead of me, but were walk-in patients.  Everyone was extremely nice and friendly and I would recommend them to everyone!  Thank you to everyone there for taking such good care of me.
5 My last visit in Phoenix I fell and had discomfort on my left foot. Made an online check in and they took care of me in 20 minutes
5 I hate doctors and avoid them like the plague.  But sometimes you just have go to ... like when you have a bad cut on your thumb and (eventually) need 7 stitches.    Was I just lucky?  I was able to see someone in 15 minutes and they were caring and attentive. They give health professionals a good name.  They also have some generous hours.   A lot of urgent cares seemed to close at 8 pm.
5 It's Sunday night, daughter is sick - was seen with in 15 minutes of arriving. Staff is very nice, attentive and understanding.  Our pharmacy called to pick up her prescriptions while we were still in the doctors office.  This is our second visit to this urgent care - we received the same level of service on both visits.
5 I love that you can check in online, which I did, and someone called me immediately to confirm. Unfortunately, the first hour, 8-9am, is walk-in only, but at least I was able to download and complete the registration form before going there. Even though there were several people in front me, I was taken to the exam room in about 20 minutes after arrival just after 8am. Both the nurse and the doctor were very personable and friendly. This place is very clean and organized. I will definitely only go here when I can't get to see my regular doctor right away.
5 I hurt my arm and chose NextCare based on some really good Yelp reviews. After completing the "Wait At Home Or Office" (Wahoo) form on their website, I received a phone call within 5-minutes to answer a few simple questions. Then I was transferred to the NextCare location nearest me (16th St. and Thomas Rd.) where I made an appointment for about 90-minutes later.  Upon arriving, I was greeted by "Angie," who was both articulate and very nice. I completed a few forms and waited about 5-minutes before being called by "Shawn." After he took my blood pressure, weight and height, "Matthew" spoke with me and recommended X-Rays, which "Desiree" so kindly handled. Matthew explained the break I have in my arm and showed me on the film what the problem was. He concluded I must see an orthopedic surgeon to correct the issue and suggested a few doctors to contact.  Overall, it was a fantastic experience and here are the people who helped me:      1st - Angie, Medical Assistant: checked me in and explained the payment options. My arm was in a sling and she opened my Diet Dr.Pepper for me. She was smiley and very nice!  2nd - Shawn, Medical Assistant: recently graduated, he took my blood pressure and did a few other preliminary checks. He was very easy-going and had super white shoes, which was cool.  3rd - Matthew Puleo, Physician Assistant (PA-C): superb professional healthcare provider who was efficient, honest and showed a genuine level of interest and concern for me and my injured arm  4th - Desiree, X-Ray Technician: Extremely sensitive to my painful, broken arm and helped ensure my entire experience at NextCare was pleasant, organized and educational  This was my first time going to Urgent Care in Arizona and it was as friendly and well-run as back in my hometown of Madison, WI. Thank you, everyone for making my experience so good!
5 I love it here. The staff are nice and the doctors show their concern.  I don't live around here but I will drive far just to come here. I've taken my daughter to many urgent cares. And this is the best of yet.
5 So far I am impressed.  The staff was friendly and greeted me as I walked in the door. The waiting room was clean and inviting. There were even movies playing for the children waiting. I recommend making an appointment online as the check was easy. Although I did have to wait 15 minutes past my appointment but others were still waiting that were walk ins.   The staff who took my vitals was thorough and efficient.  Very concerned about how I was feeling.   The exam room was typical but it too had a tv for entertainment. The doctor did a very quick exam and confirmed what I was already feeling.  Once the exam was over out to the waiting room while prescriptions get called in to the pharmacy of my choice and then the copay and out the door.  Over all very pleased with the speed and efficiency of my visit.
1 if you want incompetent medical staff and insurance fraud happen to you then this is the place to come.  i went here last friday night because i was having severe pain and met a P.A. that took care of me. she came in the room and tried to tell me i had a structural issue and i had to explain to her that i was taking antibiotic for prostatitis.  she left the room and googled "prostatitis" to see how to treat it. im a registered nurse and i have never in my life seen this done.  it shows you how incompetent these people are. she came back and said, ya its prostatitis.  she discharged me with NO PAIN MEDICINE telling me motrin should work and said the antibiotic will help the pain. i was amazed at how idiotic this sounded and left upset.    when i went to pick up my antibiotic they told me it wasnt there. that night i had so much pain and could not sleep. i had to borrow some medicine from my mother.  a day later i called em and they said they had sent it to the wrong pharmacy and still they didnt care to help me while i was suffering.    on monday i talked with their great patient relations person and she was of no help. only thing i got out of this was that they FINALLY were able to send the antibiotic to the right pharmacy, but still they didnt care that i was sleeping bad at night from pain.  they knew they made huge mistakes and paid me back my money for copay and told me they werent going to send it to my insurance since they know they didnt treat it accordingly. but guess what...... i find out they did charge my insurance and i told them it was insurance fraud what they did cause i have to see my pcp cause they didnt do anything, and still they havent called me back. so if you're really desperate and want to have a PA look at you and treat you by google go ahead visit them.
4 I don't get sick. Not sick enough to justify a medical professional anyway.  Well, phyiscally. I mean physically.  Well, I got sick - and I wasn't kicking it. Since I don't go to doctors, I don't have a primary care physician. I knew I needed antibiotics, so off to NextCare I go.  The wait was long and annoying - but I had the entertainment of Facebook to pass the time. (After I checked in, many friends asked why, out of concern. Turns out my self-diagnosis was wrong. It wasn't priapism. Go figure.) Once I was called back, all went quickly and easily.  The man doing intake remembered me from a work-related injury about a year ago - I made him laugh then, as well.  Dr. Mike is thorough, asks relevant questions to ensure no bad reactions, and off I went with prescriptions in hand. Easy on the eyes, too. While that truly doesn't matter at all in determining quality medical care, it was a happy little bonus for me.  I should probably either a) get a primary care physician I can call upon when I need the good cough medicine and antibiotics; b) do a more diligent job of never getting sick enough to need meds; or c) keep doing what I've been doing, and just hit up a clinic the once every couple of years I need it.  Assuming I opt for c), I'm glad NextCare is right up the street.
5 I have been to this location on multiple occasions, and I have not been disappointed.  There have been occasions where the wait has been a little long, but it is not unexpected for an urgent care location (it sometimes comes with the territory).  I just went to the urgent care office today for a simple sinus infection.  I made my appointment online earlier in the day for a time during my work lunch break.  I showed up at urgent care at 12:14pm for a 12:30pm appointment and was taken back at 12:25pm.  The front desk staff was friendly and professional.  The MA was efficient and touched on all the signs/symptoms.  The PA  Michael was professional, efficient and well educated.  I was out the door within 30 minutes with my prescriptions already sent to the pharmacy.  I could not have asked for a better visit!  Thank you!
