3 This place is a cheap shoe store on the West side. Its like an in btwn of Payless and theo utlet stores. They advertise on the outside that they have shoes for $3.99.  When you walk inside its actually only a big bin with shoes for $3.99. The rest of the shoes seem consistently $13.99-15.99 and up.  I bought a pair of sandals that were pretty cool - there were lots to choose from. The boots were all on sale for $10 each. Unfortunately I didnt see any I just had to have and I managed to get out of there with only one pair. I just know myself and know I'd rather pay a few extra bucks, maybe even 2x as much over @ Burlington Coat Factory for a few pairs of Guess shoes that I know will last a lot longer.  But its the kind of place that if you need to buy a pair of shoes for one specific outfit. They have the same shoe in several colors and purses to match. Outrageous shoes as well as tons of comfy looking flats.  The girl that was working the register was kinda rude. Maybe she;s from California Miami or something but she just wasn't friendly to anybody.
4 When I buy shoes I like to buy in bulk and I like a variety of styles. I think that's why I love this place so much! The shoes I've bought here so far have lasted me a long time. If for some reason they didn't I wouldn't feel so bad because the majority of the shoes here cost me  about $9.99. The prices normally  run from $3.99 to $15.99 (that is the highest I've seen). You have to have patience in order to sift through all of the shoes because there are so many. They range from Clear heels  to a simple ballet flat.  I learned yesterday when you buy four pairs of shoes you get $4.00 off of your bill . I don't mind being a slave to fashion at these prices!
3 Yes its a mess, Yes its disorganized, and Yes the help is not very helpful and just down right rude!   But I'm not going there for there decor or service I'm going there for shoes because trust me service sucks ass!   I LOVE there shoes and they have tons and tons of selections. Tons of heels in any color height or style you can think of, they have boots flats tennis shoes you name it they got it. Ive never gone in this store and not bought at least one pair of shoes. They are decent quality not the best but what do you expect for $9.99-15.99 dollar shoes. I usually stop by here on the weekend if i know I'm going out and want new shoes for the club. This is a place i will continue to be shopping at even though the atmosphere is lousy.   WARNING: DON'T COME TO THIS STORE IF YOU GET OFFENDED EASILY BECAUSE IF YOUR CARRYING A LARGE PURSE THEY WILL MAKE YOU LEAVE IT AT THE COUNTER, ITS RIDICULOUS TO HAVE TO HAVE TO CHECK YOUR PURSE.
4 Who doesn't like a good bargain, especially when it comes to shoes??!! I was a non-believer before coming in here. I was thinking " cheap shoes meaning poor selections" but I was wrong! They have a huge selection of shoes(mostly for women) and a small one for the dudes. You name it: heels, sandals, stilettos, boots, flip flops, sneakers. I bought a cute pair of purple heels for 7.99! I've only worn it once so I couldn't say how good the material is. Although it is comfortable. But for something so inexpensive, don't expect much. As far as service goes, also don't expect much. Ive only seen the workers interact and greet their clients when the boss showed up.
4 I love this place, they have everything and the prices are unbeatable. It has a "swap meet" feel when you walk in but it smells like new shoes!! The staff is super friendly and when they didn't have my size, she got them from the other store. Sexy shoes, great prices, awesome time-robber.
4 Do you have caviar wishes and champagne dreams on a cheeseburger and ripple budget?   Are you a fashionista living in thrift store finds?   This may just be the place for you!  I've passed by this store hundreds of times and never thought about going in until my mother in law told me she spent 20 bucks and got 4 pairs of shoes. By the way, the shoes were adorable and cute.   Walking into a place that says 3.99 and I wasn't expecting much. Crap, you cant even get a burger and fries for that price anymore. I'm a lover of shoes, but i'm more of a lover of a great deal. yep, thats right.. I like to save money. Who doesnt in times like these?   Stepping through the doors on valentines day (i know of all days!) they were packed. Yep, i could barely walk down the isle. I'm sure all these women were last minute trying to find the perfect shoes for their dinner dates.   First things i noticed.. they have wedges, heels, boots and chunclas. wide selection! In all colors and sizes. Large heels, no heels. Some are 3.99. Most are 9.99 and the most expensive shoe they have is 15.99. Cheap!!  I felt like I was fighting just to be able to try shoes on. When I saw the prices I then understood by. I saw  Quickly, as if a cheetah on the hunt, i noticed a pair of gazelles. Alright, they were a pair of shoes but i swear they were beautiful like gazelles. Boots, actually. Brown. With a high heel that could make your heart skip a beat. 4 inches to be exact. Perfect. I could wear them with jeans and a nice tee and not be overly dressed. Now the price (DUN DUN DUN) are you holding your breath..? 9.99! Yep, I couldn't believe it. Easily at the mall I could have spent 25 or 30 bucks on these. What a deal. Yeah these were on sale for that price but on the box it said normally in this store they went for 15.99. Um, that is still a bargain!!  Once i saw that initial price I was hooked. I could have spent hours in their but I decided since they were so busy I would have to come back.  While I was in their I did notice there was limited sitting area, so it'd be hard to try shoes on. The isles are extremely narrow and as you squeeze by you can almost smell the person's b.o. Eek, gross.   They also sell cheap kids and mens shoes too so its just not for women. Purses as well so you can accessorize that outfit ladies, fear not.   Wearing them that night out to dinner for 3 hours, my feet hurt but believe me they hurt just as much as my 49.99 JCPenny boots. So if moneys tiht but you want new shoes to go with whatever you own.. Stop here. Its a must.
4 If it wasn't for one of my aunts who took me here one night, I would've never even fathomed going inside. To be honest, appealing is the last word you would ever associate with the shop, from the outside to the inside. You are basically greeted by piles and piles of boxes, it's almost overwhelming. Then you see these big bold stickers on the glass windows that say 'Starting at $3.99' and wonder just what to expect of the product quality.   Here's the good news. As you continue to explore the depths of the shop, it quickly turns those worries around because it has such a diverse variety of shoes (they're cute too!), you'd have to be a tad bit insane to think they're worthless. In fact, I bought my to-go pair of loafers here for only $9.99 last year. They're very comfortable to walk in, have a sophisticated design and have lasted for about half a year already, way longer than I expected them to. Then there's my aunt, who would go around wearing these adorable wedges, heels, boots and whatnots and claimed to have gotten all of them from DSF.   It's just that the place looks so unappealing on the outside that a lot of women - I was one of them - don't even give the place a chance. Make sure to stay tuned to their seasonal sales as well. I do know that once spring time hits and temperatures start to creep in the 80s-90s, they hold this huge sale for boots that start as low as $8.99! Those are the same style of boots you usually have to pay about $20-150 anywhere else depending on the brand.   Don't be too quick to judge a book by its cover and give this place a try.
4 I love, love, love this shoe store.  It is located in a strip mall on Rainbow and it says SHOES $3.99 and up! HELLO!  If you're a label whore (which I am not), then this isn't going to be your place. There are no frills or designer labels. Just rows, stacked high and lots and lots and lots of shoes.  My only beef is that I wear a size 10 and they rarely ever have my size.  I just went last week. They have so many cute boots and they cost: $35. Woot!  Get some sweet kicks and don't feel guilty about blowing a lot of money doing it.
3 Yelp 100 Challenge * 25/100  I used to come here a lot and get a handful of shoes for school but over the months, my enthusiasm has slowly faded and skepticism starting replacing it.   DSF always knows how to keep up with the trends, even more so, lure you in with their ultra cheap bargains. One time, they had a nice line of boat shoes that mimicked aerosoles' 'velocity' and came in 4-5 colors. Being the huge loafer fan that I am, I got a pink pair for $7.99. Over spring semester, I would wear it to school at least once a week however, not too long into it, I noticed the soles were uneven and I began to develop stabbing pains on my inner right foot.   To examine whether the root of the problem came from the shoes, I alternated my shoewear with a comfy pair of peeptoe flats and my running shoes. None of them made my feet hurt. Another pair of flats I got from this store prior had even thinner soles that made me feel like I was walking bare feet.   Today, I'm not sure it's wise to risk health for what looks like a cute pair of shoes, especially if you tend to walk a lot in them. If you're concerned with prices, wait for semi-annual sales on comfort shoe brands and hone in on them when you see that big 70% off sign in front of the store. Works every time!
5 I love the styles and especially when I can find my size for 3.99. Bought two pairs.
3 Great prices and styles, sometimes I find that i have to get 1 full size larger than I normally wear for the shoes to fit. And that puts me at a 10, so sometimes it's hard to find those sizes in the shows I want. Bought these 5 pair for $38 total!!!
5 Love this store !!!! Been going for years and I love the variety of shoes and the price is amazing ! A must try for shy shoe lover
4 The selection of hooker heels is boundless here! That being said, you might not want to do too much "walking" in them. The inexpensive shoes aren't always of the best quality but I won't complain since the prices are rock bottom. I figure if I'm able to get a few wears out of them I've got what I paid for. Honestly though they carry brands like Soda that are pretty sturdy. If you join they're text club you can get a coupon as well. If you're looking for some cute shoes without a huge price tag this is your place!
4 This store has the best deals on shoes!! There's even sales at times. Their boots and sandal collection is my personal favorite! The shoes aren't the best quality, but who can beat a $10 pair of shoes that are cute!? Definitely a place to check out for all you shoe lovers out there!
4 Really inexpensive shoes. A lot of very cool ones, most look like they would hurt my feet after a while, but boots for $10? Heck yeah.  They seemed to be out of a lot of sizes, common ones, yet the sheer amount of shoes still gave us a lot to choose from.  Store is a little messy, made my OCD Mom uncomfortable. Nice people running it, great hours.  Been back twice, and will keep going. Mostly for the awesome boots. Lol
