4 Located in the heart of Town Square Center this restaurant kept busy Friday night, leaving us to wait thirty minutes. Upon being seated they took our order then we proceeded to draw on the paper table cloth protector for the table cloth under it.   Their salads are priced perfectly and are rather large, with quite the selection. 4.95. Bread & Butter (tasty). Sparkling water bottled for 2.95, and the entre which we split for 14.95, I wasn't ooo too hungry but the pasta had a very fresh taste to it. Then for the desserts, around 2 bucks for each one of the crme brles, we ordered the the orange flavor which was extremely sweet and tasty along with their lava cake.   Out waiter was very cool, when he brought the sparkling water to the table he had this fun look on his face, no lime. So I sent it back, he came back 5 minutes later with lime and the water, he ran to CPK to get limes for me, as they had run out 4 hours earlier in the night.   It's not a quiet romantic place, its very open and the sound is carried throughout the whole place. There is also indoor and outdoor seating.
3 Update (5/19/2008)  For my original review, see below.  However, an update and upgrade in rating is called for.  After submitting my complaint to Brio's management, they took exceptionally thorough remedial measures to correct the issues I had.  They talked to the waiter and offered a discount on my next meal.  I understand that screwups happen, but when a restaurant takes the effort to mitigate the poor experience, that's worth a lot to me.  It means the restaurant does care about your dining experience.  The management staff was very attentive to my concerns and I would go back to give them a second chance. :)  (Prior Review)  For 75 dollars for a group of three, this place is was a major disappointment.  The decor is nice with vaulted ceilings.  The ambiance is loud but acceptable.  The problems with this place are significant.  I can recommend the carbonara since it was the only dish that was properly seasoned.  My two associates ordered the lobster risotto and veal scallopini.  Both dishes were sent back for being underseasoned.  The risotto was overcooked and thereby mushy with only a hint of lobster taste.  The scallopini was so underseasoned that my associate had to cover it in vegetables to give it some flavor.  The service was equally disappointing.  Our bill was mixed up with another table.  If I didn't check the receipt, I would have overpaid.  I informed the waiter who corrected the mistake.  However, when I asked for the receipt showing the prior charge was voided, he argued that the receipt was fixed.  I think he was too busy trying to argue with me that he wasn't listening to what I was asking for.  He then blamed me for not being clear.  Holy crap.  Are you serious?!  I left a 4 dollar tip only because leaving ZERO is reserved for particularly egregious service but this case came close.
4 Las Vegas is not a walking city.  The hotels are far apart.  The suburbs have strip malls.  The heat in summer (and the cold in winter) makes much of the year unpleasant outdoors.  But in the spring and fall we can have some absolutely gorgeous days.  Last night was a beautiful warm spring evening.  It was not windy and the clouds overhead were spectacular.  This was the perfect time for dining al fresco and what better meal to have than something Italian.  A friend of ours who works at UNLV suggested this new restaurant in Town Square.  Although we have been to Town Square several times (and visit Fry's next door regularly), we had not tried this restaurant.  We were seated on the outdoor patio promptly and ordered the carpaccio which was recommended by our friend.  I'm glad we did as it was delicious.  I decided on the lobster risotto and my husband had the Veal Milanese both accompanied by a lovely Italian white wine.  There was plenty of lobster and asparagus in my risotto.  My husband's veal was tender with just enough capers and lemon butter to flavor it, but not to make it soggy.  I am not much of a dessert person, so we skipped it.  Sipping the last of our wine while the the sky grew dark was the perfect end to a beautiful day.  We will be back.
5 Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  I've been there 5 times now and have left completely satisfied each time.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and has indoor and outdoor seating as well as an indoor and outdoor bar.  Since Brio doesn't take reservations, you'll often have to wait a good 30-45 minutes which is plenty of time to get yourself is peach bellini (yes, it's girly and frothy) which is wonderfully refreshing and not too sweet.  The waiters are all very attentive, even when the place is slammed, which is a nice change from the LV norm.    Food wise: the bread you're served upon seating is piping hot and delicious; the lobster bisque is amazing; the brio chopped salad is great (but I recommend getting the balsamic dressing over the red wine); caprese bruschetta is delicious, as is the roasted red pepper brushetta (blanking on the name); and those mini desserts (creme brulee especially) are the perfect endings to a great meal.
5 This is the short version of the longest review ever written...  I got married in Vegas June 20, 2008 and chose Brio for the after ceremony (reception?) dinner. I planned my entire wedding over the course of 3 weeks remotely from Colorado, so I didn't realize Brio was in a mall. I'm sure I could have figured that out if I'd read more reviews...  I ended up loving Brio! When we first arrived, we were told that our private room was not available due to the air conditioning unit going out inside and the room temp hovering around 90 degrees. I think when something goes wrong with a major reservation, the way the staff treats the issue is a true sign of their customer service skillz. Well folks, the staff at this Brio location has mad skillz, the skillz that pay the billz even!! They apparently left me a voicemail letting me know of the issue earlier in the night, but for some crazy reason, could be that I was exchanging vows and bling with the love of my life, I didn't get the msg. So anyway, they were very apologetic and seemed almost let down themselves that I didn't have the perfect room for my dinner on my wedding day....it was really okay though because I was at a very zen place right then and they were so nice about it.   So, onto the meal. The staff had curtained off half of the regular dining area so we still had a private dinner, it was just a little louder around us than it would have been behind closed doors. Brio comped us two bottles of Champagne for our toast due to the room being unavailable and Chris, who was absolutely sweet and could not have been more attentive, waited on us hand and foot during our meal. He also provided sparkling orange juice for the kids and my sister in law who is expecting for the toast. The champagne was good, the bartender even came in and helped us pick out a few bottles of wine to drink with our meal which was nice. We all ordered right off the menu since there were only 14 of us. My son and I both had the Salmon which was served on parmesan crusted tomatoes and with shoestring potatoes, so delicious! My husband and step-son had the lamb chops and mashed potatoes - I don't like lamb but I tasted the mashers and they were seriously the best I've ever had. All in all, the food was scrumptious and prompt and the service was outstanding.   The day after the wedding, I had a message from the manager at Brio, Kenna, that someone in my wedding party left something at the restaurant and she needed my address to send it to me. I waited a few days to receive whatever it was that was left there after I got back to CO. To my surprise, a package arrived with a letter from Chris and the staff at Brio thanking me for choosing them for my reception dinner. Included was the cork from our champagne bottle, that day's newspaper and the table covers that we had written on in crayon while enjoying our meal. So thoughtful and cute, the staff at Brio going above and beyond made the experience of my Vegas wedding that much more enjoyable! Grazie!
2 Brio is a very pretty restaurant, and the food is not bad (although far from outstanding)....but it's so damn crowded, and the wait for a table is so long that I won't go there anymore.  On Wednesday, it was so jammed that when I asked the hostess how long the wait for a table would be, she said "oh, just 30 or 40 minutes". I told her to never, ever, put the word "just" in front of a "30 or 40 minute wait".  There are many other Italian restaurants in Las Vegas where you will get better service, and better food.
4 I had an incredibly lovely weekday lunch here. Their lunch specials, while not cheap are filling and delicious. I had one of the paninis and was quite pleased. The atmosphere is nice, and the outdoor patio looked awesome. I will definitely be back.
4 Brio is located in the new shopping  mall , Town Square,  which is  about  2 miles south of  Mandalay Bay.  We decided to check it out after reviewing the menu.  For drinks I ordered the special Wild Berry lemonade which was so quenching. For the entree, I ordered the Chicken and butternut squash Risotto which came with a choice of  Insalata (chopped, caesar or bistecca)  I chose caesar  which was a generous serving.  When the risotto came , I thought, "what a big bowl with such a small portion," but it was actually just enough to fill me.  My husband ordered the soup of the day which was the tomato bisque which he really liked.  For his entree, he ordered the linguine with baby clams and was happy with his choice.  The waiter brought over these mini desserts that looked so irresistible, we decided to order one Tiramisu and one Panna Cotta.  It was so good!   The staff is pretty attentive and the decor is very nice with plenty of outdoor seating.  I would definitely return in the future.
3 I've been here over 6 times and the food is about the same as the Cheesecake factory. Lunch time is a good time to come because the salads are cheap and the carpaccio is a good portion.  Fish dishes for dinner are quite good. I've tried several and none have been overcooked. That's good for consistency.  There's nothing special about the wine list but the choices are alright. The great thing about this place is the outside seating.
3 Weird servers. I dont know how else to say it. We have been there 4 times with 4 different servers and 3 of them have just been some of the weirdest people I have ever had to deal with. I think my waitor I had last time used to be a mime because of the way he was using his hands. The food is the only reason why we come back because its pretty good and we always know what to expect.
3 Really nice looking, high-ceilinged (is that even a word? LOL) venue with a great waitstaff and hosting staff.  The food was definitely delicious, but I'm from New York, so it takes a lot to impress me with italian food.  I got nothing against the place, it's actually the best italian that I had when I was out there. I would definitely eat here again!
5 Oh my word! I love Brio! The ambiance is gorgeous. Staff is professional [a little stiff at times though]. The food is delicious! Had pasta alla vodka and I loved it. The portions are moderate so you won't go home feeling horrible about eating out. Brio is pretty popular so expect to wait. But Town's Square is a wonderful place to wait in because there are so many tempting shops surrounding.
4 We came here 1/1/09 right after viewing a traditional New Year's Day movie next door @ Rave Movie Theatre.  Since it was 10pm, it wasn't crowded at all.  I picked up a card right at  the entrance to the restaurant for a free appetizer with purchase of an entree (score!).  We ordered the fabulous mussels (usu $11.50) that came in a bacon cream sauce.  The entrees were delish but my dining partner didn't like the lasagne due to the fact that it did come in a cream sauce but I thought it was great because it wasn't thick & lasagne noodle-y.  My veal milanese classico was tasty & is lemony with (in a good way).  Our waiter, Allen, was fine, not weird as was mentioned in previous reviews but forgot to fill our water & ice tea.  Pretty decor, plentiful food, had a lot of leftovers for the next day so all in all would definitely return but I'll also ask my Italian colleague what she thinks
4 Stopped here with some friends on a Friday evening. The waitress was attentive and friendly without being overbearing. We were seated immediately and water and bread were out for everyone right away while we perused the menus. I ordered a steak and a salad and both were very good and reasonably priced.  We noticed as we were leaving there was a cool outdoor patio with a fire going. Wish we would have stopped out there for a drink. Looked nice.
4 Last Wednesday was the first day of live calls at our call center, so to celebrate the executive and support staff went to Brio Tuscan Grille for a celebratory dinner.  I've never been to Town Square before...driving around in here gave me a feeling of not being in Vegas...more akin to being down on Rodeo Drive in LA (I know it's nothing like it but it's the feeling I got).    Stepping into the building, I was impressed with the high ceilings and tall back wall that looked like it had been delivered from Rome itself.  It was very loud in the restaurant because of the openness of the space (it's very spacious for seating and the bar area) but I was able to find my group very easily and interact without much trouble.  The wine, appetizers, salads, bread and soup were all excellent.  The choice in breads was nicely done to not bore you with a simple roll.  The entree's were classic italian faire, however I ordered a steak (not in the mood for lasagna or something pasta).  It was cooked wonderfully; I wasn't the only one to order the steak...all enjoyed theirs, too.  Desserts were served in a type of large shot glass with flavors such as Creme Brulee and Tiramisu, among others.  I loved scooping into the tiramisu and finding a different flavor every scoop.  It was a little pricey for my taste; since I was part of a group and the company was footing the bill, I was more than happy to attend.  I would come here only if I wasn't paying.  If I were tasked with taking care of the check, I could find quieter, more intimate places to get the most bang for my buck.
5 When we first walked in, I wasn't sure if Brio would only be all decoration and average tasting food, which is what many restaurants seem to be these days.   My husband and 7-year old daughter were out shopping at Town Square, and wanted to grab some lunch.  We stumbled upon Brio and weren't sure if we were dressed properly (underdressed) but were treated as if we were first-class diners from start to finish.   To cut to the chase, from the moment we walked in until the second we left we were treated with the best customer service we've experienced in a restaurant in ages.  Our server (Tammy) was superbly kind, helpful, expedient and professional.  Our drinks came out in a flash, as did everything else.  The food was absolutely D-I-V-I-N-E.  We had the house margaritas (delish!), the chopped  salad (amazing), the Lobster Bisque (to die for!) and for our entrees, the petite filet "Tournedos di Manzo" the "Mushroom Ravioli al Forno", and for our daughter, the kids' lasagne.  My daughter especially liked the kids' fruit smoothie (by far the best smoothie, I've ever tasted), but wasn't too crazy about the lasagne.  I think it was due to the Italian sausage in it... she's not too crazy about Italian sausage.  What stuck out: the beautiful decor, the very friendly and very attentive serving staff, the "dough-ball" given to us to play with while we waited (which, we were told, could be baked before we left) and the extremely unique and tasteful food. All-in-all, a wonderful dining experience, and we will absolutely return!
2 The restaurant itself was beautiful.  The ceilings are very high and the decor is real nice.  The food is way too expensive for what you get. The waiter that we had was ok.  I ordered the lobster bisque only to get our food and no lobster bisque ever came.  The bread to start was ok.  My husband found a piece of wax paper in his piece.  The plate with my food was good looking to my palate but it tasted so bland.  I had the prosciutto and fontina cheese stuffed chicken breast with mashed potatoes.  The  prosciutto was not good and it actually felt like I was eating onions. I don't like onions.  I never did see the cheese or taste it.  The chicken has a bit of fat on it.  The mashed potatoes got cold very quickly as the air conditioning in the restaurant blew in our faces. My husband ordered a pasta dish with lots of shell fish.  He didn't like his either.    We should of went to Nora's as I was originally thinking of first but decided on Brio because I wanted to go to Town Square.
3 The appetizers were good. The steaks were OK. I really had a hard time eating the shrimp scampi. It was horrible! I should have sent it back but stupid me, I just took the hit. For reasons unknown our server was really slow. This place looks really promising but I just did not feel the love. Just another cookie cutter Italian chain restaurant for me.
3 I went back to this place for desserts and we had an awesome sampler. Five samples for $12.50 not bad. I also had the Moscato, which was a dessert wine and it was great. Our waiter was in a hurry as if he had other tables but the place was near empty. Maybe we were his last table and he wanted to go home but then again I did not put a gun to his head to not go to college or trade school and become a server instead.  Service- two stars. Overall experience gets tres estrellas.
1 Ambience was good, food was good as well the wait  staff was really bad. They have a good menu for after  hours 1.99 ordered everything on the menu, and did not serve all of our food had to complain to manager. The manager all of a sudden said that we had all of it, we accounted for the orders and it was 4 orders short!!! DId not like the experience there at all.
2 Every time I come here the service keeps getting worse. Who are these servers and where the hell do they come from? With the high rate of unemployment you would think that the bad employees would have been weeded out already. I guess not. It took us a while to get our order and still, we received the wrong entrees. Our waters were never refilled at all during the course of the meal. Our food was pretty good, lamb chops and lobster/shrimp fettuccine with mussels in a garlic white wine sauce as an appetizer. However, the service was so lousy that it pretty much ruined our experience. For the coup de grâce, my friend ordered a cappuccino and probably got the leftover batch with no foam. I do not like stiffing waiters and/or waitresses but in this particular instance. It was well deserved. The food is decent here but the service is so substandard.
4 Town Square is the place to be for happy hour!  With so many choices - Brio Tuscan Grille is a great place to get your grub on for cheap!  Their Tuscan Taster Menu is available in the bar area only and runs Monday through Friday: 3 pm to 6 pm Sunday through Thursday: 9 pm to close  All nine of their mouthwatering items are only $2.95!!  What a steal!  * Braised Meatballs & Creamy Polenta "Topped with Marsala tomato sauce, Reggiano and parsley." - Three generous sized meatballs in a tasty and tangy sauce.  The polenta is a minimal amount the covers the bottom of the dish, but a nice touch.  The Husband really enjoyed this and was about to get another!  * Beef Carpaccio "Served with field greens, capers, mustard aioli and shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese." - Our favorite of the ones we tried, so we got two orders.  So good and tasty, and the field greens are a nice complement to the dish.  * Margherita Flatbread "Fresh Mozzarella, vine-ripened tomatoes and fresh basil." - Very basic flatbread pizza, no fancy frills here.  A nice simple crunch.  * Sliced Steak Bruschetta "With Gorgonzola Dolce, arugula, fennel, charred tomato, shaved Parmesan and Tuscan Italian dressing." - Four slices of bruschetta makes this a hearty dish with the cheese and beef.  Good flavors though and sauce adds a nice sweetness.  Unfortunately, their happy hour only extends to the food so there are no drink specials.  (When I called, whomever answered said there were drink specials but it wasn't so when we sat down.)    The bartenders took our food and drink orders, and the food came out promptly.  We had no issues with service as a result unlike the other reviewers.  Overall, it's a nice place and we enjoyed ourselves here.  The dining room looks like a grand hall with all the drapery.  I suggest getting your grub on here and getting drunk somewhere else if you want to save a few bucks.  Update! 07/15/09 - Went back again last Friday and finished off the entire Tuscan Tasters menu.  * Brio Burger "A quartet of BRIO's famous Bistecca Burgers, with smoked Mozzarella and housemade chips." - A very decent size burger for three bucks that was tasty and cut into four, perfect for sharing.  Chips were yummy too!  * Spicy Shrimp & Eggplant "Grilled shrimp with Romano crusted eggplant and a black pepper cream sauce." - A surprise goodie!  Came with eight shrimp/eggplant stacks and definitely would definitely order again.  * Sausage & Pepperoni Flatbread "Fresh Mozzarella and housemade tomato sauce." - Good pizza where they aren't shy about the toppings.  * Shrimptini "Chilled shrimp served in a martini glass with roasted tomato cocktail sauce and fresh lemon."  Uneventful of the bunch, fine for simple shrimp but lacks any excitement.  * Roasted Red Pepper & Fresh Mozzarella Bruschetta "With fresh basil and balsamic drizzle." - Tasty bread bites with four pieces of bruschetta.  This time we went with a group of four and ordered one of everything.  It pretty much filled us for the most part, although if you're hungry, just double up on the burgers and meatballs.  We grabbed a little table this time in the bar area inside and our waitress was fine again.  It took a bit of time to get the table cleared and for the orders to go in, but nothing to complain about.    Overall, they did well again for filling our tummies on a budget!
3 Food is good. Menu is great for dinner but lacks around the lunch hour. Drinks are resonable and good. Order the calamari and the Caesar salad as a combo!
4 Wow. I was pleasantly surprised. I was expecting the Olive Garden but this place is much better than that. Their food isn't anything groundbreaking, but it is good. I had one of their dinner specials, the blackened scallops on pesto risotto, and thought it was great. The scallops were large and weren't gritty at all. The risotto was a pretty good consistency (not the best I've ever had, but still good) and had some bold flavors with the pesto and mushrooms. This dish is different than the shrimp and scallop risotto on their daily menu, by the way.   I love the fact that you can get small samplings of their desserts for 2.45 a shot. They're large enough to satisfy your sweet tooth without feeling like you're bingeing on a huge piece of cake or whatever. Most of the desserts are tasty, but not spectacular. The tiramisu and cheesecake are probably the best. I was impressed with the food and the interior of the place. It was a nice casual atmosphere and a relatively inexpensive meal.
2 Service sucked!! Food is salty and the price is expensive. The three main category of a restaurant! Just did not do it for me. Will not come back ever!!
4 I actually really like this place. I've eaten here more times than I can count. I'm a sucker for wonderful outdoor eating and this place has it. The food and wine are nice. This is one of the few Italian food places that my husband can go to because he is lactose intolerant. The cooks here are actually skilled enough and have the authority to make adjustments to several of their sauces and dishes to accommodate his allergy and still have the food come out tasting delicious.
4 Had lunch there this Sunday, and we liked the experience. I wasn't impressed by the décor, but didn't bother me either: as long as it's clean, I'm fine with it. I care more about the food and the service :) The field greens salad was simple and nice and the bf loved the lobster bisque. We shared the vodka pasta, and even though it looked small, it was just enough food for the two of us.
2 Brio is located in Town Square in South Las Vegas. From the start, it looks really nice. The decor and the atmosphere totally exudes class and is warm and inviting. The outdoor seating with the fireplaces for the colder nights, and the misting sprays during the hot days are a great amenity to have. The food, however, left much to be desired.   I went here to meet up with friends and have a nice relaxing dinner. The first course started very well. I ordered their lobster bisque and it was tasty and creamy and just plain delicious. Their bread is very good as well. I was looking over the main courses while waiting for my other friends and found the prices quite on the steep end. Perhaps it was the atmosphere that made them think they could charge exorbitant prices for pasta.  After looking at the menu for a couple minutes, I finally decided on the lobster/shrimp pasta. It sounded so good and sounded like it would hit the spot. At approximately $24 it was pretty expensive but I figure it was worth a shot. The pasta was pretty disgusting when it came out. The pasta texture was off and undercooked, their sauce was tasteless and their shrimp were tiny in comparison to other italian eateries that charged that kinda price. Lobster? Yeah right, it was more like 2 measly scraps of lobster, that was overdone, ironically, since the pasta was underdone.   I was not impressed at all. I think I had better pasta at Yardhouse and would have much rather go there than eat here again. Truly a waste of time and money. There are so many better places out there...dare I say that Olive Garden might be better? At least they cook their pasta right.   It was great seeing friends but the food was just horrendous. I would have gladly have gone elsewhere. The service was pretty good and my water was refilled frequently so I am happy to say their service isn't that bad.   I can't get over how terrible their food was. I don't know what everyone else is raving about their food for. Yeckk.. truly a disappointing dining experience.
3 This local outpost of the upscale chain of Italian eateries, located in Town Square,  is visually impressive.  We each started off with a rich and amazingly delicious cup of cream of morel mushroom soup.  For an entrée Ann ordered the shrimp and crab cakes with grilled vegetables and creamy horseradish.  Her entrée was very good, but the vegetables were over cooked.  I chose chicken alla Sorrentino; pesto marinated and grilled chicken served over crispy eggplant with fresh Mozzarella, roasted tomatoes, pizzaiola sauce, citrus pesto and arugula which had been tossed in Tuscan dressing.  Unfortunately my chicken suffered the same fate as Ann's vegetables. I used a gift certificate purchased from a local radio station.  I suppose the "morel" of this night's dining experience was to order the soup and go elsewhere for your entrees.  Did I really write that?   Several nights later we returned for the late night happy hour in the bar area.  Unlike many restaurants offering happy hour specials, Brio does not require the purchase of an alcoholic beverage so we settled on glasses of ice water.  We were shortly served a basket of Italian bread, sesame seed cracker bread and a crock of butter.  Each appetizer is priced at $2.95 so we shared orders of Margherita flatbread (fresh tomatoes, mozzarella and fresh basil), braised meatballs and creamy polenta (topped with a Marsala tomato sauce, Parmesan cheese and parsley) and spicy shrimp and eggplant (grilled shrimp with Romano crusted eggplant and black pepper cream sauce).  The meatballs and shrimp/eggplant dishes are highly recommended.
4 This is one of my favorite places for casual sunday lunch dining. It is also a great place for dinner before or after a movie at Town Square. The main dining room has high ceilings with white fabric billowing across, while the private dining area is separated in a replica/ re-construct of the colloseum.   My boyfriend and I ALWAYS order the  "quattro" bruschetta, which  allows the sampling of several varieties, including roasted red pepper and mozzarella and sliced steak with gorgonzola, arugula, fennel, tomato and Italian dressing. There is always one item of the quattro that change.   A main salad that is a particular favorite of mine is the steak salad. The steak slices are prepared the same as the one used for the bruchetta. The dressing is incredible as well. I have also tried a chef special, which was a scallops with pasta. This may sound very generic, but the scallops were done so well that I now ask if they ever have it available. They do, however, have a great substitute, whichis the scallop and shrimp risotto. This platter is amazing. If you are drinking their chiantis or cabernet sav. it will help bring out the spice of the meal.   I am a huge fan of desserts, and for me, Brio does not disappoint. One of my favorites is the panna cotta, which is served in small espresso cups filled with the panna cotta, and a small amount of shortcake at the bottom, drizzled with strawberry syrup.  I have also tried the tiramisu, which is great as well. And yes, I have had two servings of dessert during one meal    The wine list is decently priced with a number of fine choices by the glass.  Again, one of my favorite places to go on a regular basis, but can be pricey to go that often.
4 Normally I would not go back to a restaurant I was dissatisfied with. The restaurant in my opinion should always consistently serve good food at all times. After much deliberation, my friends wanted to dine here and I hesitantly agreed and I am actually quite glad that I did agree.   The restaurant definitely did something different this time. Their pasta was flavorful and tasted great. I ordered the lobster bisque again and it was quite tasty. The service was on point and their bread was delicious.  So the experience definitely changed and the food just tasted better and was cooked very well. I am still a little skeptical to go back because of the previous bad experience but If it came down to it I might just go again.   Kudos to Management as well, as they sent me a well thought out and professional e-mail about my bad experience.
1 Non-smoking establishment, despite the outdoor bar area. Food is unmemorable, service is fine, plenty of alternatives nearby.
2 I thought this restaurant was decent, it's like an Italian cheesecake factory.  The waiters and hostesses are overly fake friendly, and the italian food is very americanized - big portions, overseasoned, lots of sauce, meat and pasta.  I ordered the caesar salad and eggplant parmesan, the salad was typical, the eggplant parmesan was pretty good, the pasta that accompanied the eggplant was horrible - drenched in oil, undercooked, and lukewarm...yuck!    At the end the waiter brought out a dessert tray with mini espresso cups filled with a variety of sweets, it is a really good idea, and the perfect size to go with lunch, I picked the apple bread pudding, but it was way too sweet, not so much...
3 I debated between 3 and 4 stars on this one...again one of those times where you wish there was the 1/2 star option on Yelp!  So, officially, I would say 3 1/2 stars.  Slightly better than OK, but not quite "Yay, I'm a fan!"  I have been to Vegas many times to visit family but never to the Town Square development.  I liked the overall feel of the area with many shops and restaurants, and we enjoyed walking around before dinner.   We had a reservation, but showed up a few minutes early so we had to wait.  It was actually quite chilly that night so we really noticed the door opening and closing as we waited in the restaurant foyer, I was feeling sorry for the hostesses and the tables that were seated near the door!  I had the chopped salad to start - quite tasty - and the mediterranean penne pasta, which was vegetarian but you could add chicken or shrimp.  My companions split the caesar and had shrimp scampi and the lobster and shrimp pasta.  My pasta was tasty but  a little too heavy on the olive oil.  My sister in law devoured the scampi and my brother's lobster and shrimp was also quickly disappearing so I managed to reach over and snag  a piece of lobster before it was gone - nice and tender and in a slightly spicy sauce.  The flatbread in the bread basket was DELICIOUS and the service and drinks were fine.  I would agree that the prices are a little high - more like Vegas strip pricing than Vegas mall pricing - but it was a nice experience.
4 Definitely a fan of this place! Food is great and you wont be disappointed with the menu! The service was excellent, people were all very nice, bellini was awesome! I've had a few things here that were just ok, which is why I gave it a 4 star and not 5.    The gorgonzola crusted lamb chops were delicious, but heavy (as lamb can be, but still).  They were good but needed something lighter to go with it rather than the olive oil covered spinach.  Bruschetta was pretty good, I recommend the sausage or the prosciutto tomato basil one.  The one with steak was too dried out.  The food was still good though and the ambiance is great!
1 The only reason I keep coming back here is because my friends like the food. I always get coerced to eat here. The service is consistently horrible. One star just because of the service. The food is decent. Do not try the shrimp scampi - it is an abomination. The lamb chops however are great. Our party gave the server a 28  percent tip and he did not even thank us.He just gave us a stupid smirk like he really deserved it.  What a douche bag!  I always say I would never go back here but my friends keep suckering me back. I always think that it is going to be better but guess what? It never does.
4 The food was ok, but the desert was FANTASTIC.  Try the Creme Brulee cups - it came in pumpkin, peppermint and cocoa flavor.   Would come back to the Square on my next trip to Vegas.
4 We went on a Friday about 1pm and had a 10 minute wait. I had Roasted Sweet Potato & Chicken Risotto. The waiter asked if I wanted a half portion with a salad. I didn't know I could do that and was glad he suggested it. A full bowl of Risotto would have been too much for me. My friend had Crispy Eggplant Pomodoro, which she enjoyed. The eggplant was cut in thick slices and wasn't overly battered. We also had a bottle of Chianti Classico, San Fabiano (Tuscany, Italy). The total bill was just over $60. I would definitely go again.
4 I was in Las Vegas for the first time.  A friend took us to lunch at Brio, and since I'd been looking forward to meeting her there the entire trip, and the experience was awesome, they could have served Peanut Butter and Jelly, and I'd probably rave about it.  But Brio serves much better food than that.  The setting is cute, very tall ceilings, Mediterranean style, chic.  The service was friendly and attentive.  The menu had enough of a variety that I had a hard time making up my mind.   Well, that and we gabbed away for 20 minutes before even looking at the menus!  We shared the Brushcetta Sampler and Lobster Bisque appetizers.  (I can't resist Lobster Bisque)  Brio's version was rich and creamy, with good lobster flavor.  I do like more large chunks of lobster meat in my bisque, though.  The bruschetta was a total winner.  There were 4 different types, which our server described as she set down the platter.  I loved the BLT bruschetta.  There was also a Roasted Pepper, and a Beef and Arugula.  They were all fabulous.  Our entrees were:  A chicken and veggie pasta in a light cream sauce (Friend), a Chicken and Applewood Bacon Panini (the Boy), and Scallops with Arugula, Roasted Tomatoes, and Lemon sauce (Me).  Could we be any different?  And yet, each entree was great.  The Scallops weren't overcooked.  (BIG Plus)  The pasta was huge, and the cream sauce wasn't cloying and heavy, and the Boy's panini was crusty, savory goodness.  We shared their dessert sampler (Photo) consisting of miniature cups of selected samples.  Tiramisu, Raspberry Cheesecake, Brownie Sundae, Blackberry Rhubarb Compote, and Apple Caramel Ala Mode.  HOLY YUM!!  (Tiramisu was rated the Best, followed in my opinion by the Blackberry Rhubarb Compote.)  The experience was awesome, the company was fabulous, and the food was great.  I can't wait to visit the one we've got at HOME!  In Denver!   I'm so excited!
4 Wow! What a menu! Decisions, desicions.  I ordered the Shrimp and Scallops Fettucini and it was very wonderful. The staff was very friendly and refilled the table's sodas without having to be asked.  The decor was beautiful with fabric running from wall to wall. I am assuming that this would be a good place to have a group gathering as it looked like in the back there was a seperate room available for these functions.  If I am ever in the area again I will try to come back.
4 Me: "I'll have a Bellini."  Bartender:  "In this bar that is a frozen beverage.  Will that be acceptable?"  Me:  "No, thank you, I'll join my husband and have a mojito.  Thanks for telling me."  Bartender:  "You're welcome.  I thought you'd want to know."  That got us off to a very good start as we had a 3:00pm lunch in the bar at Brio after an enjoyable visit to Hoover Dam and Lake Mead.  Why the bartender thought I might care if the Bellini was authentic or not I do not know but she was right.  And it was the first step in stellar service that continued through the process of making the drinks, taking our food order and until the time we walked out at the end of our meal.    Not only was the service great, the food exceeded our expectations, and the setting was lovely, hence the four stars.    Brio is part of a small chain and as a rule we avoid chains, in particular when they involve 'staged opulence' interiors as here.  Different strokes for different folks and we simply lean to smaller, privately owned places with less flash..  But a local woman we met at Aria and with whom we discussed food (favorite topic for her too) recommended Brio and thought we'd be pleasantly surprised.  So in need of a late lunch, we headed to Town Center Mall (Whole Foods is also located here) and Brio.  We split the barbequed chicken flatbread and it was tasty...crispy thin crust, delicious sauce with just the right amount of chipotle, white meat chicken, feta and cilantro.  Served very hot from the oven, it was a great partner for the refreshing, well made mojitos..  We finished up by sharing the creme brulee trio, relying on the recommendation of another yelp reviewer, and thought all three brulee options (cleverly presented in demitasse cups) were good for flavor even if the sugar toppings had lost their crispness.  Our food and two cocktails were about $35 so a decent price.    Based on this single experience, we would return to eat at a Brio Tuscan Grille again if we find one at some other point in our travels.
4 Brio is a great place for lunch not too busy, dinner on a weekend you may have to wait.They do alot right, I don't have anything negative to say.   Free WiFi also..(hope they still have it)   Brio bakes and cooks most things in house so everything is fresh, You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  I love the smoke chicken sandwich, and pasta's at Brio. Very comfortable setting and reasonable prices.
4 I am super picky about my martinis and have never been disappointed. The food is good but they have hands down the best dessert....
5 WOW. SO GOOD. this is a solid 4.5 but i rounded up because of our experience there  this was the place for our last night in vegas dinner and wow was it such a good choice.  location & pricing: the pricing is a bit on the higher side, but its totally worth every penny. the location of it is in the heart of the shopping center or square or whatever its called.  atmosphere: this place inside and out - was so nice. they had nice couches outside, and a plush entryway, and a wonderful setting on the inside. it was a pretty ornate looking interior. dim lights, curtains, rich carpets.  taste: AHHH SOSOSO GOOD. we ordered the brio's bruschetta trio, and since we didn't know what to order, we asked our waiter for recommendations. what great recommendations that STEVE gave us. we got the bistecca alla fiorentina, artichoke encrusted beef medallions, pasta brio, and the mushroom ravioli al forno. it was soooo delicious. perfect seasoning, perfect spice & flavor. oh and the complimentary bread!! we had crispy and soft bread.   so we did order the brio's bruschetta trio, but we didn't actually get to try it - steve totally forgot about it and cancelled the bruschetta and offered us the dolchino sampler: peach cobbler, mocha mousse?, creme brulee, cheesecake with a raspberry sauce, applebread, milk chocolate cake with caramel, and tiramisu. the only bad thing is that it was a little "too much of a good thing" scenario. while it was so decadent and wonderful, it was a little too rich to finish everything even amongst the four of us (one guy and three girls)  service: STEVE. impeccable. we even got his card - he works everyday except sunday (to watch football), and when we are back (and WE WILL!) we're going to make sure in hell that we sit at steve's table.
4 Really delicious meal and excellent service.  We tried the bruschetta sampler and the BLT was my favorite.  Salads, pasta and dessert and all was delicious!    It was not a very intimate setting, it was very open and we were smack in the middle of the restaurant.  That would be my only complaint.
4 I've eaten here about 20 times... usually at the bar area.  Consistent food, great wine, solid service... great atmosphere.  Also had private dining in the chef's room for our engagement dinner.  Good food.  Good times and nice location inside Town Square.  Check it out!
4 After many laps and dozens of trips to Town Square I finally paid attention enough to notice Brio Tuscan Grille. What caught my eye was the outdoor patio area and bar, complete with fire pits! How nice, right?   Being the Italian that I am I must explore new Italian cuisine whenever possible and "good" Italian food is hard to find in this city so I'm always on the hunt.   With that being said, lets explore my experience at Brio last night..   Cozy leather chairs surround the hostess stand as you first enter, and you can probably expect a less than enthusiastic member of the hostess staff to "greet" you upon entering. After checking in, we proceed to the outside portion of the bar as we waited for the rest of our party to arrive.   Despite the less than impressive wine list, the bartenders were extremely friendly and attentive.   We initially requested a table outside but since their heat lamps do not cover all areas of the patio, we requested a table inside instead. The theme inside was GRAND, enormous ceilings, dim lighting to help take your attention off of the warehouse feel of the main dining "hall". And how could I forget to mention the fabric draped from the ceiling? I was half expecting to see acrobats swinging from the fabric in full body leotard to the music of Boccelli but luckily we were spared from any such performances. :)   The waitress. She was unmemorable, no additional flair to her personality, just the standard hash slinger looking to make her money and jam. I am not complaining though, we received our food and drinks in reasonable time and she was very prompt when dropping the check.   The food. "Chicken Lemone" was pretty delicious and their chopped salad seemed to be a good choice as well. I like to keep things simple so with that being said, if you manage to screw up a chopped salad and Chicken piccata, you've got problems. I wouldn't say the food was out of this world but if I had to do it again, I probably would.    The desert. Misti Y. is correct, the tiny little deserts were fantastic!!! That's just what restaurants need, reduce the caloric intake and help in fighting obesity...Ok, not really but it's nice to have just a taste of something sweet after a satisfying meal and not be stuck with a mountain of molten lava cake and the guilt that follows.   All in all, would I venture back to Brio Tuscan Grille? Sure. Would I say this restaurant went above and beyond is some way to make itself memorable, not really but I enjoyed my food and the company I brought so that's all that matters!   Next visit will include quality controlling their happy hour menu ;)
5 We got there at 6:30pm with no reservations, they were busy, so the hostess  gave us a buzzer, so when our table was ready we will get buzzed,in less than 5 min. we were buzzed.(THAT WAS SUPER FAST) The decore inside nice, nice, the place looked great,and the the smells coming out of the kitchen you thought you were back in Tuscany. It felt back home for a while.We sat in the gazibo room, the  lites were nice and dimm, and the atmosphere was great. Sandy was our waitress and she was very polite and spirited. Her recomendations were awsome, the ceaser salads that came out were fresh and the lettuce crisp the lobster bisqe was good too.The basket with the bread that came out was nice and hot. As soon as they  saw our table empty with bread they kept on coming with more, and they always refilled our drinks as well. The pasta dishes with ricotta panceta in a vodka cream sause excellent (Pasta a la Vodka),the brazed beef with cremini mushrooms and homade noodles was great, the flavors were all there, awsome!! The mohitos are a little on the lite side, but it was corected from Sandy.The deserts that came out in little espreso cups [2.50 each] Smart!! Very good idea you can try them all. In general the experience was great and we will be back. For a chain restaurant to look that good and please their customers so well, gets 5 stars from me. PPERRRFFECCTOOOOOOOOOO!
4 Over the weekend my lady friends and I tried Brio to celebrate my best friend's birthday. The atmosphere was fantastic, well lit, great decor.    We started our night off with a couple glass of wine at the bar. I thought the wine list was minimal but the merlot I got was decent. There were lots of great food choices on the menu. I started my meal with the lobster bisque which was excellent.  For my entree I have mushroom stuffed raviolis, very delicious. For desert my girl friend and I tried the crème brulee trio (Vanilla, Carmel & Hot Chocolate). I must say that even though it was nice to try the different flavors I am still a big fan of the plain vanilla crème brulee.   The overall experience was terrific and plan on returning.
5 We craved for Italian cuisine so my girlfriend brought us to Brio Tuscan Grille, an elegant and inviting Italian restaurant located in the upscale Town Square in Las Vegas.   A waitstaff greeted us at the door as we arrived and directed us to our seats. The restaurant has a certain sophistication to it: chic, elegant interior with tasteful accoutrements, high ceilings, flowing drapery, and well-trained staff -- you wouldn't even think that this is a chain restaurant.   The menu has a good selection of insalatas, bruschettas, zuppas, paninis, and pasta. They also have a nice selection of house specialties but I didn't order any of that. The wine selection is not too extensive but you'll certainly find the perfect wine to pair your dish with.   The shrimp and scallop risotto was well-seasoned and flavorful; I paired it with a glass of pinot Grigio. My friends loved their dishes as well, which they generously shared with me (and vice versa).  The price range is very reasonable considering the restaurant's ambiance, the quality of dishes, and the quality of service that we got. Overall, I'm happy with the experience.
4 I like pork chops. I like salt.  And I like them not to have a sweaty orgy on my plate.  I get it, Brio, you like salt too. Guess what? I'm not a horse. Even though my penis will confuse you, I promise, I don't like salt enough to just show up, whinny, and start to canter because you knocked a tube of Morton's Iodized into your marinade.  Great ambiance, lovely vibe, VERY friendly waitstaff.  But that porkchop was saltier than a pirate's thighs.
4 Brio's food is just okay. I've had heir lamb chop appetizer, and a few of their pasta dishes. The lamb wasn't the best quality but it wasn't horrible. The pastas on the other hand were so overly seasoned, greasy, and so salty that they were gross. That kind of scared me off from trying their food again. NOW! Their bar is another story. Love it. They have an absolutely gorgeous patio with canvas curtains, string lights, and comfy chairs. They have this raspberry mojito that is so delicious that I get one every time I go there. It's romantic and intimate. The staff are excellent, I have never had anything less than perfect service when i've gone there. It's a more mature crowd and probably one of my favorite places to go on a date. I would try the food again, because it is possible I just had a few bad experiences. But the ambiance, the drinks, the service, and the location is what keeps making me come back for more.
5 Gorganzola topped lamb chops with sauteed spinach on the side!! Most amazing thing ever! I would choose this as my last meal if I ever had to have one, haha, great food and good service almost every time I have gone. Also you cant really beat the prices for the wine
3 The staff is always very attentive and the food is solid. There is nothing amazing about this restaurant it's consistent. I feel this  may be my most ambivalent review yet but I am just not moved emotionally either way on Brio. I will go pro vs con and see if that helps.  Pro . Nice beef carpaccio  con. Not many anti-pasta you would expect. Marinated Veg, Charcuterie, or maybe roasted carciofi  pro. Nice size pasta bowl  con. Although I love Ricotta and Vodka sauce this dish was a little  blah.  pro. Outdoor seating  con. chair was so tight and uncomfortable I found myself fidgeting the whole time pro. Cold Peroni and glass con. Dirty glass pro. location is very convinent con. Chain(BBRG) I am gonna go with 3 strong stars just can't go 4 on this one.
4 Form the hostess to the server, everyone was very friendly. Now, THE FOOD was bananas! MY girl & I had the Lobster bisque to start,"Now I have had my fair share of bisque but this will go up there on 1 of my top 3 for sure" I forgot what my girl had but whatever it was it was great. AS fo me...I had the Surf & Turf. REALLY GOOD but the portion was a little small. Never the less, our experience was great & I would highly recommend it to anyone. Why did'nt I rate it a 5 star...I'm a stickler for having our drinks filled at all times..even if it's just water,"which I was drinking". But in our servers defense, she was very busy & had a large section.  Maybe next time they will bump up to a 5 Star.
4 Okay, I get it - Brio is a chain and chains are supposed to be dull, and the menus uninspired. Obviously, Brio Tuscan Grille hasn't gotten that message.  We chose Brio from a host of other restaurants for a Welcoming Dinner for our son's wedding. The coordinator (Tiffany) could not have been nicer and more helpful. She walked us through the menu, choosing insalata, zuppa and entrees as well as passed appetizers. When asked, she easily recommended wines to compliment the other beverage offerings.  Last, but not least, she recommended a couple of bakeries to handle my request for a groom's cake. All of this over the phone or through emails.  Everything was excellent and the waitstaff was extremely attentive. We were able to reserve the Colosseum Room which was perfect for our group. We were able to choose 3 entrees for the group (they printed a menu for our guests) and chose Pasta Brio, Wood-Grilled Salmon and Tuscan Grilled Pork Chops - all excellent from the comments I heard. I can actually comment on the Pork Chop - excellent! We chose the Bruschetta, Beef Carpaccio Crostinis and Bacon Wrapped Shrimp for appetizers and they went over very well - especially the shrimp.  This is a great place to go if you want to escape the Strip. It is located just south of the airport off of Las Vegas Boulevard in Town Square a new shopping area which is quite nice as well. An excellent experience all around.
3 Ambiance was good, service was good but the food was forgettable. Nice outdoor seating for the fall or spring season, view of the passing traffic, foot and vehicle. Their dessert was their savior and only reason why I am giving them 3-Stars.   They had shot glasses filled with different desserts: Vanilla Creme Brulee, Milk Chocolate Caramel Cake, Tiramisu and Strawberry Cheesecake. We, husband and I, shared them. I like little samplings like this in places that you're unfamiliar with their food, it allows you to taste some of their desserts without having to order a large portion of something that you may not like.   Brio isn't a place that I'll be visiting again, at least any time soon. I wasn't wow'd by anything that they had. The dessert was good but not outstanding.
5 The best food I have EVER eaten!  My mouth danced the whole time.  Beautiful and unique admosphete and exceptional service. Ahhhhhhhh!
4 This is my favorite casual lunch dining restaurant. I've tried a few items on the menu, but my favorite by far are the Bruschetta Quattro appetizer and the Steak Salad. Many times, that's all I order! The quattro gives you 4 different selections of their famous bruschettas and you get 2 of each one, making it a perfect sharing appetizer (genius!). I'm not a big fan of salads myself, but I LOVE this salad. The steak is prepared medium-rare (again, not usually a fan of bloody steak) but this is fantastic. Of the 10 times that I order this dish, its always just as good as the last. The dressing complements the steak, and the blue cheese, cherry tomatoes, and walnuts put it over the top. We always order it split, so we can share it was well.  My fiance and I have come to Brio many times, sometimes for a light lunch before seeing a movie, and even one time for an impromptu valentine's day lunch date ... She and I could have gone to a fancy fine dining establishment, but there is just something about Brio and its amazing food and outstanding service that is hard to pass up. The only downside, if you can even call it a downside, is the pricing. It's not totally ridiculous but it is pricey enough to make Brio a twice a month visit, if that.
5 One of my FAVORITE places to eat in all of Las Vegas! Town Square is already an upbeat, amazing place to hang out with friends, shop, play but mostly to EAT at.   What makes Brio a must eatery: 1) Beautiful atmosphere - very old European, classic, romantic. 2) Service was awesome. Our waitress was very attentive and friendly 3) All the food was amazing!  Brio is a must for anyone who has not tried it. You will not be dissapointed!
5 This restaurant is a solid 4.5 stars but I had to bump it up for the location. This spot is definitely one of my favorites close to the strip. Town Square is such a great place to walk around and shop and then to stop here and have a bite to eat of some bueno Italian food with a beer or a glass of wine is a great way to top off the night unless you go see a movie afterward which is great too.  I like to sit outside and enjoy the Vegas summer night and watch people walk around as they go in and out of stores while I eat my food. If it's to hot outside the inside is very well designed and looks extremely fancy with good A/C and it's not as expensive as it looks like it should be.
3 Ordered several items and drinks to try.  Some items tasted a bit salty to me. But overall had a nice experience.  The waitress was extra friendly. The high ceiling tuscan dining room was much more impressive than anticipated. Next time I would love to try the crab cakes.
4 Oh Brio, I wish I met your happy hour sooner.   For your dining pleasure (during M-F, 3 to 7 & M-Th 9 to close), TUSCAN TASTERS FOR 2.95! Woop woop! Good quality food for such a little price.   The service was great despite the fact that the server was by herself (or so I overheard). Sarah was her name. She managed to keep a smile on her face and was very polite.  The best plate from my happy hour was the Spicy shrimp and eggplant. The crusted eggplant had a sligh crunch and paired nicely with the black pepper cream sauce. However, the shrimp tasted spicier than the eggplant for some reason.   The Brio Burger was decent.. Go for the other tasters instead.   I also enjoyed the sliced steak bruschetta. The tender pieces of steak were topped with yummy gorgonzola.  I wish there was drink specials on the menu... ::sad face::  The seating area in the bar was very nice. There was two lounge areas complete with a love seat and arm chairs. Luckily, I got there in time to bag one!  The mini desserts looked so good but I choose just one. The vanilla creme brulee. The strawberries tasted so well with the vanilla custard. I which I ordered three of them! One was simply not enough!!  Brio! I've never been to Italy but I think you just gave me a small taste of it!
4 I do like Brio regardless of its "chain status." It has never been a disappointment to the palate. I decided to come here for lunch....I've never been! I ordered the Crab/Shrimp Cakes.....delicious! If you are starving, I wouldn't recommend this plate or you can order an appetizer if you are that hungry. There were large pieces of shrimp and it was tasty, but a lil on the small side. It came with crunchy potatoes (much like potato chips) and some zucchini, carrots, onions and red pepper mix. My favorite entree from Brio are the pork chops. Their pork chops have always been so tender and juicy...its literally to die for. Yum! As always, me and my sweet tooth....loves the creme brulee sampler. I like Brio and I can't deny it.
5 We threw our wedding rehearsal dinner here in April of 2009.!  Wow.  The most courteous wait staff and management we have ever witnessed in Vegas.  We had about 35 people at our dinner and we had some last minute additions as well and the staff scrambled to get everything set for the extra people.  The private dining menu prices are very reasonable and for great food.   The steak was amazing.  Thank you Brio for great service and great food.  We live in the Chicago suburbs and have hosted a friend's baby shower at the Brio in Lombard and have had great experiences there as well.
5 Happened to walk by and thought this must be the place our cousin was raving about.  So, I took a chance there might be a table and lucky for us, we didnt need a reservation.  We got there early around 5 pm.  We were immediately seated, and our server Dino was awesome.  He gave us great recommendations like the Pasta Alla Vodka and I also had the insalata on the side.   The bread basket kept getting refilled and the timing was perfect.  Our son absolutely loved the bread.   I think it was a mild sourdough? Whatever it was, it was soft and delicious.   Our salads arrived and they were entree sized.   I tasted hubby's Caesar which had great  garlic flavor! My wedge salad with goat cheese and parmesan dressing was EXCELLENT!  There was just enough dressing and flavoring,  but it was not excessive.  Plus, I was expecting a small salad but this was substantial and I had no trouble finishing it. My son's "mac and cheese" arrived and he proclaimed it to be "SO GOOD."  Rarely have we heard our picky son rave about any food.  My pasta alla vodka consisted of heavenly pillows of dough filled with ricotta in a dreamy "rosetta" sauce.  I had chicken added for a few bucks more.  I took a taste of hubby's angel hair pasta with shrimp which had a nice lemony flavor.   Our server Dino was great.  He anticipated our needs and was at our table at just the right time.  None of that annoying repetitious "Is your food ok?" before you even had a taste of it.  My ice tea was refilled without having to ask.  Another note, the venue is absolutely beautiful and classy in a warm Tuscany style.  It was not ostentatious at all and there's outdoor seating which on a cooler day would have been ideal.   However, it was over 100 degrees, so we wisely chose to eat inside.  Since we were too full, we got a preview of the dessert tray for our next visit to Brio, the next time we're in Vegas.  Next time, I'll definitely save room for dessert.  There were individual servings in cute miniature containers, so we're not obligated to have to share large desserts.  This place seems to appeal to everyone from the executive, families, girlfriends going out, dinner dates....etc. Apparently, there are many Brios in many cities.  Too bad there isnt a Brio in the South Bay area!
5 Attention: Their Happy Hour Menu is BETTER than McCormick & Schmicks!  I thought I would never say this, but for the quality (better) & price (same) you can get more for your tummy & money here.  Monday - Thursday 3 - 7 PM, 9 - 11 PM + Friday 3 - 7 PM you can enjoy their Tuscan Tasters menu for $2.95. You don't even have to purchase a beverage to get this deal either...just sit in the bar area.   The bar area is half-inside and half-outside with a bar, but also high tables and even some nice chairs (but they go fast!)  We tried the:  *Brio Burger - great "soft" burger w/ homemade chips Ravioli Caprese - crusted ravioli w/ tomato/mozzarella drizzle Spicy Shrimp & Eggplant - seared shrimp & breaded eggplant Sausage & Pepperoni Flatbread - self-explanatory on cracker bread Steak Bruschetta - steak & arugala on french bread  Liked all of them...burger & pizza were the most filling. Shrimp was small, but tasty. Bruschetta & ravioli had a nice taste to them.  Dessert Trio: hazelnut/chocolate cannoli, caramel cheesecake & choc chip bread pudding.   This dessert was awesome! We were about to leave, but I saw the dessert tray (better seeing what you're getting in person - great marketing tactic for visual learners like me) and was hooked!   Each dessert had tons of flavor that you had to take small bites to enjoy each sensation in your mouth.   I can't say enough great things about this place. The fact it was off the strip and mostly locals went there was one of the best parts. I learned that waking the strip is quite overrated....  Service was great and I am definitely hitting this place up EVERYTIME I go to vegas...
4 Came in and my friends had already been seated, and actually ordered already.  As soon as I sat down, our server handed me a menu and took my drink order (strawberry lemonade FTW!);  She quickly returned with my beverage, and I was ready to order... Steak salad.  Weird, I thought, but it turned out to be soooooo good!  Our service continued to be on point, and we left quite satisfied.  The mini size desserts are perfect to complete any meal.  I had a cute sized creme brulee that didn't leave me overwhelmed.  I will be back here next time I'm in Vegas. The location in Town Square is great.  There's meter parking right outside.  Covered free parking also available for those who don't mind a short walk.
2 A franchise restaurant in a mall adjacent to the airport posing as Le Circe with prices that are far too expensive for a dressed up Macaroni Grill with vaulted ceilings that are unable to mute nor dampen the subway station levels of noise on the main dining floor.
4 Made plans to meet a friend/colleague for a long-overdue lunch. She suggested we meet at Town Square and Brio is one of her favorite haunts. I was panic-stricken as the last time I dined there, healthy fare options seemed scarce.  Was pleasantly surprised to find a phenomenal lunch special -- fish of the day. This day it was mahi mahi with spinach and other veggies. No need to do my "no rice/no potato" special order drama.  I asked for sauce on the side, no oil  and some lemon wedges.  Delicious! I even resisted the bread basket. My friend's steak salad looked fabulous and hearty as well.
3 Great for a lunch salad with girlfriends...  if you're not into rabbit food, the pasta lunch specials are tasty too, but be prepared to nap the rest of your workday... :)
3 Olive Garden?  Italian restaurants are a dime a dozen and this is yet another chain eatery to add to the list.  BUT, it is a notch up from Olive Garden.  Food was good, drinks were passable and I left wishing I had spent my money at Montesano's instead.
4 I love the food here.  It's fun, it's carbs, and it's yummy.  If you're looking for some good food in Town Square that isn't the typical stops, try this place.  Great decor, great service and a tasty menu.
5 Love Love Love Brio.  The food here is delicious and original, not to mention they have a fantastic Sunday Brunch menu that can help kill even the worst of hangovers.  Service is prompt and the prices are all extremely reasonable, and there's always a ton of seating and I've never had to wait for a table.  Huge portions that I always have a hard time finishing, though I always try really hard!
4 Friendly staff, delicious food, and great environment. The bar menu is superb and really affordable. Great value!
3 I stopped by Brio Tuscan Grille a few weeks ago while in Vegas during a luncheon with some friends that recently moved in the area.  They were raving about this great pasta spot near the south side of the strip so we decided to stop by here.    I believe Brio is an Italian chain around the US, although I don't believe they have any in the Southern California area; hence, my unfamiliarity.  The decor is actually really nice.  It's more of a nice date place.  They've got a really nice faux Colisseum exhibited in the dining area.  A very nice touch to the restaurant.    I ended up orderering the Pasta Fra Diavolo with chicken.  I thought it was ok.  It didn't really pack the kind of flavor that I was really looking for.  Usually the sauces are exuberant for this type of dish, but this one was a little on the bland side.  The chicken was also forgettable, not really adding much to the dish.  Would I come back to this place?  I'd probably give it another shot and try something else.  There was a nice salmon dish that I saw on someone else's platter that I would have liked to try.
4 My recent trip to Tuscany, Italy has me wanting to try all different types of Italian fare.  Brio was a great treat - I actually like this place better than some of the restaurants we went to in Italy.  Not that the Italian food in Italy didn't taste good, but the bold flavors at Brio were more pleasing to my palette.  Large, open, tastefully decorated, the mood was set for relaxation.  Went there with 4 of my team members and this was all our first visit.  The only down was that the acoustics and ambient noise didn't make for the best conversation but as long as your voice was strong, you were good.  Service was good and staff was pleasant and orders came out accurately (and quickly).  The Caprese Bruchetta rocked.  Lots of flavor and great texture.  The sweet balsamic was the perfect addition.  The Caprese Ravioli was equally as good.  Lots of fresh baby tomatoes to season the dish.  Large pieces of pasta and hearty enough to make a meal.  I had the Sweet Potato and Grilled Chicken Risotto.  DELICIOUS.  I wasn't sure what to expect as it seemed like an odd combination but they pulled it off nicely.  Add in some fresh asparagus and i was very satisfied with the meal.  At the table was also salmon, tomato bisque, and the lasagna.  All said they enjoyed their meals.  We had everything except alcohol and we were out of there for around $150.  Definitely will go here again.
5 I was VERY satisfied with my meal! I had the pasta primevera. Very flavorful! You can't eat here in a rush....because they take their time. Not too long, but the wait is DEFINITELY worth it! ;)
3 Pretty good food.  Appetizer specials were absolutely great.  Interior decor was very nice.  Waiter service was excellent.
2 We decided to give this restaurant a 2nd chance for dinner.  We started off with a shared Caesar salad. My wife ordered the crab and shrimp cakes that were accompanied by roasted vegetables and creamy horseradish. My entrée was blackened ono served over garlic mashed potatoes with a trace amount of Hollandaise sauce and topped with a spoonful of a delightfully spicy charred tomato relish.  My fish was overdone and there was very little, if any, garlic in my potatoes.
4 When you are tired of paying Strip prices for a meal. Go here we had an awesome meal from sampler bruschetta to steak crusted with gorgonzola and sampler desserts.   Excellent service as well.
5 During my last visit to Las Vegas, we went to Brio twice (Monday & Friday).  They have an excellent Happy Hour with a number of very popular Apps for $2.95ea.    Very good food and great service...check it out!!
4 Great family friendly menu and very helpful wait staff.  The portions are very large, even on the kids menu!  We hit this place on the way out from Vegas back to LA and were very happy with the food and service.  At first we were not sure it would be a good place to take our 2 year old but everything was great!  I had the red fish with potatoes (daily special) my wife had the mushroom raviolli and our daughter had the pizza (of course!) The food seemed thoughtfully prepared and fresh.  The atmosphere was great for lunch and it was not overly crowded.  Our waitress was VERY attentive and our glasses were never empty.   I would definitely revisit Brio and recommend it to anyone looking at Brio as a possibility!
5 I have visited this pleasant Italian place for lunch and dinner. My family and I discovered it on one of our many trips to Las Vegas. It is now a must stop whenever we go to LV.  For the primi, we had the spinach artichoke dip and it was amazing! I am a huge fan of spinach and artichoke dip and this is definitely one of my favorite.  The complimentary bread they give is also so good! They give you soft, warm bread, and cripsy flatbread with balsamic vinegar and wine...oh so good. I would just go for this! Their caesar salad and Brio chopped salad was good, nothing really special, but they both did taste very good. I had the Chipotle Chicken & Bacon Panini with charred tomato, carmelized onions, spicy chipotle mayonnaise, Fontina, Boursin and Applewood bacon. The Bacon was superb! The sandwich overall was perfect! I would get this next time I go to lunch. For dinner, I had the Grilled Salmon. I am also a fan of salmon, and the salmon was cooked to perfection for me. It came with Romano crusted tomatoes, citrus pesto, asparagus and crispy shoestring potatoes.  For dessert, I had their tiramisu. It was okay, nothing worth mentioning about it.  The service was great both times I went and I loved the decor around the entire restaurant most of all. It really made me feel like I was in another world, not just in another LV restaurant.  If you go to Las Vegas, this is a must try for some good Italian food and not as expensive as on the strip. Plus, you can shop and walk around the Town Square afterwards :)
3 Me and two girlfriends were out and about in Vegas this past weekend and after all the window shopping we had done, we realized we were famished. So we drove and came upon Brio. The first thing out of me and my friends mouth was HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS!!!! See we frequent the Brio in Scottsdale and we love their happy hour special in which a select few of their appetizers are all $2.95. We snag a great parking spot and walk into Brio where the sign says happy hour 3-7 in the bar. SCORE!  We are immediately seated and our waiter comes over to take our drink orders and we say may we also get the happy hour menu. He proceeds to say that happy hour doesn't start until 3:30pm but I say your sign says 3pm.  He proceeds to tell me still needs to be changed but happy hour does not start to 3:30pm. We say fine, we will wait the 20mins until happy hour starts. He proceeds to walk away but what he doesn't realize is that I am still watching him and I swear the look on his face was like these bitches.... So needless to say when he came back I called him out on it. He let me know that if his face conveyed that then he was very sorry and that he apologies for the misunderstanding. Hmm suspect... (however he got back into my good gracious later)  We order Brio Burgers, Ravioli Caprese, Roasted Red Pepper & Fresh Mozzarella Bruschetta and Sliced Steak Bruschetta. Now we have had this before at the Scottsdale Brio and each time the burgers have been perfect and the bruschetta has been divine. This time not so much. The burger was perfect on the inside but burnt on the outside, the Ravioli and all the Brushchetta came out lukewarm at best. Our waiter came over to ask how everything was and I was like eh do you really want to know? So we told him that we weren't happy but we were hungry and we would eat it anyway. He offered to make everything again but we declined as we had already waited for about 30 mins for the food after we ordered. He says I will tell the manager and she may come over to talk to you.  Well the GM came over to talk to us and asked how things were. We told her that we were use to how great everything was at the Scottsdale location and we came here because of that notion and we were disappointed but hey for $2.95 per appetizer, we cannot complain too much. She said that she had just spent a month at the Scottsdale location and this was her first day back and she apologized for the meal and she said she would take care of it for us. We were all like wow, thank you that is very generous. She asked if we wanted anything else and we declined and thanked her again.  Little did we know that when she said she would take care of it for us, she meant the entire bill!! Drinks and all. We asked for the bill thinking we had to at least pay for our drinks and our waiter let us know that the entire bill had been taken care of. WOW! We did leave our waiter a nice tip and left out of there shaking our heads.   So maybe this Brio was having an off afternoon but I give it 1.5 stars for the food but 5 stars for the GM for being extra generous.
4 $2.95 appetizers during Happy Hour  Great deal because the apps are d-lish!  My table ordered almost everything on the Happy Hour menu and we were thrilled with everything.  The shrimp-tini was light and tasty.  The mozzarella and roasted red peppers bruschettta was not light... but it certainly was tasty.    You can easily make a whole meal out of the Happy Hour menu for less than $10.  The downside... HH ends at 6:30pm.
5 Oh my, lobster bisque! Bring me 3 bowls please, and 2 loaves of that bread too. Everything here is delish, great outdoor seating and nice bar area for colder days. Highly approve!
5 I took my mom and her best friend here when they were visiting from out of town for their birthdays.  I read the reviews on Yelp and decided I'd give it a try.  We had had a bad experience the night before with a server and then Allen L at Brio blew them out of the water!  His service made all the difference in the world to our experience there.  I could tell it was busy, but he never seemed too rushed to answer our questions and recommend items in great detail.    The food was outstanding, as were all his recommendations.  From the wine, to the food, to the service... Brio was outstanding.  We had the Bruschetta Sampler, Gorgonzola Lamb Chops, & Pasta Pomodoro with Chicken...all were fantastic!!   Thank you so much!  I'll be visiting again soon!
4 Brio is on of my favorite happy hours!  No, they don't offer drink specials, but they do offer some tasty treats at $2.95 each.  The portions seem to have gotten a bit smaller since they first started doing happy hour, but it is as delicious as ever.  The specials are also only at the bar area or patio area, so be sure to snag the first seat you see; it's first come first serve.  My favorites have been the Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant (you have to scoop up every bit of that sauce!), Braised Meatballs and Polenta (I had no idea what polenta was before this, but now I love it), and the Sliced Steak Bruschetta.  There are many more items on the menu but these have stood out to me the most.  Dining outside is great, especially in front of a roaring fire on a cool fall evening.  Inside is nice but it gets loud.  My biggest complaint is the service; it can be difficult to get your waiters attention, even though it's been a while since they've checked on you.  Still, the cheap eats make this a must try.
4 Mmm. Brio.  I am so addicted to their Crab and Shrimp Crab Cakes, it's ridiculous. Personally, I like to get the appetizer size (two GIGANTIC crab cakes) and then add my own side of asparagus - which they do just right there.   If I really want to go crazy, I'll get the Spinach Artichoke Dip that comes served with their Cheese Crisp Flatbread as an appetizer.   And if I really, really want to go crazy - I will add a Bellini to all that action.   Brio has never let me down. It's got a great location, right smack in the middle of Town Square. If the weather is nice, have a seat out on the patio for some great people watching.   I have taken my parents here - I've been on a date here - I've been on a Girl's Night Out here - it's just a CROWD PLEASER. Every dish is delicious and the service is always on point.  I hear they are opening over at Tivoli Village come Spring 2011. A Summerlin location would be fab for those of us who have to make the trek out to Town Square to get there otherwise.
5 Well.... what can I say. Brio is always the safest bet for a casual lunch or dinner. There are probably better Italian restaurants in town but Brio hits this perfect spot. Whenever I have guests in town I bring them here.   This time was no different. I've called 15 minutes in advance to make sure we get seated and in fact we were seated right away upon arrival.  Chilly weather calls for a bowl of hot soup and Brio's lobster bisque was an excellent starter. Carpacchio as usual, Burger (perfectly medium-rare), Crab cakes and Fritatta for me... all with a glass of Chianti.  We were in and out literally in 30 minutes. Service was timely and attentive. Brio really feels like a well-oiled restaurant machine :)
4 I don't usually review a chain restaurant but this one is special.  Although it is located in a "mall", it offers great outdoor seating in a comfy environment.    Big plus, its meant for Vegas residents so its inexpensive.  They have a great tasting bar menu from M-F 3:30pm-6:30pm and M-Thurs 9:00pm till closing where all items are just 2.95.  Not just talking fries or chips either.  Great burger, sausage and pepperoni flat bread, beef carpaccio, spicy shrimp and eggplant, etc.    Don't make the mistake of ordering the entire menu like a buddy and I did.  First your server and bartender will laugh at you (noob), and second, no way you will finish it (wasteful noob).  Wines are very inexpensive.  Large by the glass selection and generous pours are the norm.  If its a cooler night, sit outside by a fire pit and make some friends.  Service is very friendly (its a locals place).  Family friendly.  Oh yeah, the regular menu for lunch and dinner is also very good and fairly priced but you cannot beat the bar menu for price.  Well worth it.
4 Been here twice and they have yet to disappoint me. Ordered the fish special, blackened ahi with vegetables. I usually don't ordered blackened fish, but it was perfectly seasoned and cooked just right!
5 Located in Townsquare shopping center. A perfect place to rejuvenate energy for more shopping!!  Brio Tuscan Grille have appetizer specials for $2.95 each, everyday!!! How better can this get? You have nothing to lose if you come here. This special is only during their happy hours and you have to sit at the bar area or the outside patio. Once seated, you can ask for the "Bar Menu", and there will be 9 appetizers you can chose from. Heck, if you want to try all 9, the bill will only come out to $27 (plus tax).  BAR MENU: Brio Burger Sausage & Pepperoni Flatbread Sliced Steak Bruschetta ..etc
4 I stumbled upon this restaurant while looking for a Hello Kitty store for my daughter.  Undecided as to where we were going to have dinner, somebody suggested Brio.  We took one look at the menu and we decided to try it out.  Sitting outside in the middle of December is not highly suggested, thank God they have heat lamps!  For starters we had the spicy shrimp with eggplant per our server's suggestion...it was really good!  I had the Shrimp and Scallop Risotto (also our server's suggestion), substituting the risotto for their yummy fresh fettucini.  It was good but didn't hit the spot since it wasn't was I was craving for.  The servings were huge, the price reasonable.  Will definitely suggest this place to friends when they're in town.
4 Brio is one of those places you can visit multiple times and every experience is a positive one. Particularly for large dining groups. Whenever family or friends come to town with a large group, or when there is a birthday dinner, we include Brio on the list of eats.   First off, you can do call-ahead-seating. Bonus. Especially for a group of 12+, which was our case the other night. Shotgun wedding at The Little White Chapel, then down to Brio for some celebratin'! LOL.   The prices are very reasonable if you consider the competition and what you get. Yes it's a "chain" but c'mon, we're on a budget, we like to drink wine (by the bottle) and there were a ton of us! Also it's not overly chained AND they only do Italian restaurants. Bonus.   Ok so what to get:   Lobster Bisque Soup  Artichoke Dip  Lobster Ravioli  Sweet Potato and Chicken Risotto  Fettuccine Napoli  Grilled Salmon  Entree Salad - Steak Salad  Add on either the Caesar, the Wedge or the Brio salad to your pasta dish...they are all great!  Dessert - get a variety of the little servings. YUM!   If you are coming with just a few or alone, I recommend trying the Bar during happy hour. There are some pretty good "bar bites" deals.
5 Oh well, Brio is one of my favorite restaurants for the happy hour meals. Everything tastes delicious, I would recommend the burger, the eggplants, shrimp cocktails,  each dish is 2.29$, nothing can beat that cheap and the food is good strongly recommend
4 If you drop by Town Square, Brio is a great place to eat anytime of the day.  The decor of the restaurant is open, energetic and elegant at the same time.  They have a nice private area for large party as well.  The food is delectable, as for the price it is reasonable for its proportion.    Happy hours are a great time to check out htis place for the first time and it's a great restaurant to introduce out of towners.
5 Great Restaurant! I went with some friends and tried the brucshetta sampler! awesome!.  I had the lobster and crab meat ravioli. Was delicious. Very classy place and nice decor. a dress up place for sure. I would recommend this place for a special occasion for sure.
3 Came here for the happy hour which recommended by my friend that lives in Vegas but I guess we came on the wrong day because it wasnt happy hour. She said that all appetizers were $2-$3 and drinks and that was what i was hoping.....well, since we were all already here we just order some drinks and some appetizers.  Suprisingly it was not too expensive but would rather have it during happy hour though!  Pretty nice atmosphere especially the female bartenders!! They're pretty hot!! Great location which is right in the middle of the mall but the parking is horrible.  Maybe because we came here during New Years weekend, bad choice.  Highly recommend this place.
4 The filet with gorgonzola tomato was delicious.
4 I give Brio Cacina Italiana 4 stars simply because they deserve it!  Have frequented Brio Cacina Italiana many many times.  Have even celebrated my birthday here! Great fun!  What I love about the Brio is that they have a variety of dishes that I find delish!  From their Beef Carpaccio to their Eggplant & Shrimp appetizer to their perfect pasta! Just love them... if you go during the week, you can catch their Happy Hour & get the Beef Carpaccio for $2.95, baby! Yes, I said it! I went one early evening  for appies (appetizers) & drinks with my girlfriend and our bill was a mere $30 something when we finished! How can you beat that? We noshed on the Carpaccio, Shrimp cocktail and wine!  Also, the environment is great - I love chilling by the outside bar on the lovely spring / summer evenings... always a Gem in my book!  to be more up to date: Saturday, 29 Jan 2011 was date night - even tho our mood was less than nice... we still enjoyed our meal! :)  your constant companion,  ~dee
5 I went here for my birthday last year for happy hour appetizers and sat outside on the patio with some friends, we all had great time. We were there so long it was closing and had to leave!  The creme brulee was nothing like id every tasted! Im looking forward to going back for dinner and more creme brulee!
4 I'm not an Italian food fan, but I simply come here for their Beef Carpaccio. Its SO deng good! Their servers are very knowledgable of the food they offer on their menus, and we always get A-Plus service when we come here.
5 This is a good place ... I have not had a bad meal here yet. ... beware get reservations they are very busy. The steak is really good and the salmon. The pasta is really good as well but what i remember the most was this wine called the sketchbook ... was awesome so smooth. Service is great even when they are so busy.
4 Brio   Food: 5/5 Service: 5/5 Atmosphere: 5/5 Overall Experience: 5/5  My friend and I came to Brio, located at Town Square in Las Vegas, to celebrate "Singles Awareness Day" aka Valentine's day! =P It was a  great meal and I enjoyed celebrating S.A.D. ;-)  haha.    We actually ordered up a storm!  Wait time was not that bad, about 30 minutes and we were seated in a very nice area.  The ambiance of the restaurant is beautiful, perfect for a romantic setting.  My friend and I were surrounded by lovey dovey couples but we didn't care, because we came to EAT! Haha.    Appetizers: * Beef Carpaccio -  Served with field greens, capers, mustard aioli and Parmigiano-Reggiano.  When this dish came out, both my friend and I were shocked at how large the plate was!  It took up at least  of the table!  The beef covered the entire plate and in the center was the field greens, drizzles with the aioli, and accompanied by the reggiano.  DELICIOUS!  This is a must have at Brio.    * Bruschetta Quattro - If you are as indecisive about what to order for appetizers when there is a lot to choose from, this is the dish to get.  Each type of bruschetta that is served at the restaurant is included and it comes in pairs!  My favorite of the four was the sliced steak bruschetta.  Delicious!  Perfect for sharing!   Entrée:  * Tuscan Grilled Pork Chops - this dish was a must that my friend said I had to try.  So we came to a conclusion, we will order two entrées and we would share them with each other.  I have got to say, this was one of the most tender and flavorful pork chops I have had!  Very delicious!  It comes with mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables, including asaparagus! Yum!  This is a must try if you are coming to Brios to dine.    * Shrimp Verduta - AMAZING PASTA!  Hand-made too!  You can tell because of the chewiness of the noodles (it was cooked al dente).  Amazing!  I have always wanted to try hand-made pasta and now that I have had, I may just become a snob to the pre-packaged ones! =P The pasta was topped with shrimp vegetables and cheese, tossed in olive oil and garlic.  Delicious!  Perfect dish to end my trip to Vegas.    Of all the places I dined at in Vegas, this has to be one that I will be willing to return to dine at any day.  If you're in town, shopping at Town-Square, do decide to dine here please!  You will no regret it.  =)
2 Oh Brio.  I try so hard to enjoy dining there because the food is amazing.  Keep in mind, I'm a bit biased because typically I frequent Brio during happy hour.  First, let's talk about Happy Hour. A plenitful variety of appetizers (including a full size burger) for $2.95.  Budget friendly?  That would be a yes.  I've also eaten at their sister company Bravos quite a few times, and everything I ever had off the menu was AMAZING.    But good food only gets you so far with me.  What's an instant ratings killer?  Oh right, Bad service.   Now granted, I eat at Brio quite a bit because it happens to be located near my place of employment, so because of that I tend to frequent their Happy Hour specials on my lunch hour.  Just the food portion though.  Drinking during my lunch would be a little more than frowned upon.    So I'm not sure if it's because I typically dine alone, or they know I work in the vicinity of the restaurant, or it's because I never consume alcoholic beverage in the bar area when I'm on my lunch, but the service has gone from decent to mediocre to abysmal.  My review is based on my previous visit.  So I'm sitting at the bar during happy hour and it's actually quite a slow day, meaning lots of empty bar stools.  I come in, sit down, and no exactly what I want.  The gentleman beside me gets his food right as I'm sitting down and apparently knows the one of the many...I think at one point I counted 5 people working behind the bar.....bartenders.  She inquires about his food, glances at me....and WALKS AWAY.  Ok, maybe she was distracted.  5 minutes later- no one has even acknowledged my presence, let alone taken my order.  So I sit patiently wondering what the deal is when one of the bartenders notices I haven't been waited on and asks how she can help me.  Afraid that no one is going to come in my direction again, I place my food and drink order all once.  Meanwhile, the guy to my left is displeased with one of his dishes and gets it removed from his bill.  So my food comes, it's tasty as always, but water at this point is empty.  After being finished with my food for well over 5 minutes, the bartender from before comes over...glances right at my empty water glass... and asks if I'm ready for the check.    So let's briefly discuss the number one way to piss me off at a restaurant- oh that's right, an empty drink.  So at this point, I pay my tab and bolt.  And haven't been back since.
5 I'll be honest. I'm a cynic and I find flaws in other people's work for a living. I find it hard giving anyone or anything a 5-star but this review isn't about the awe-inspiring story of how I overcame being so an*l. Well maybe it is.  If I could give this place a 4 and half star I would, simply because 5-stars is reserved for the best meal of my life and I believe that hasn't happened yet. However, since I can't and 4-star would be an injustice, this place gets a 5.  Brio is easily one of the best restaurants I've been too in the past couple of years (tied with Hanks and miles ahead of Napa Valley win train). The food is exceptional! The service is impeccable! The decor is très chic (love the high ceilings) and the staff is attentive. If I had to make one negative comment it would be the unfortunate proximity to the airport. It gets REALLY loud when a plane flies overhead and I'm going to blame the high ceilings for the acoustic effect. Having said that, you're going to Brio for the food. You really can't go wrong with anything here but the Salmon is highly recommended.  Final word - Make reservations and give in to the food.
4 This is a great place to come in the Spring and Fall when you can sit outside on the patio with great weather.  During the Winter time, we like to come here and hang out in the bar area and have a glass of Wine or three.  We normally don't eat dinner here, but enjoy meeting friends and colleagues for lunch.  The last time we were here, I had the Bistecca Insalata (Wedge of Lettuce, Gorgonzola, Bacon, Roma Tomatoes & Creamy Parmesan Dressing, $5.25).....I love Gorgonzola Cheese and find it difficult to resist a Salad with it.  Overall, it's one of our favorite places for lunch.....looking forward to Spring and the outdoor dining!  Return Factor - 91%
4 Long story short- I ordered my lamb chop medium rare but it  turned out to be a bit too 'sashimi-like'  for me and they devotedly have it redone for me to medium regardless the buried night. Maybe cos I wasn't expecting much, that was A+ service! The meat was very tender and the dessert trio was impressive. I think it would have even been better if they could be easy on the salt and sugar.   Overall I was satisfied with the dining experience.
4 I just want to give a round of applause to Jarrett!!  My husband and I had a date night (which is a rare occasion, because we have a 17-month old son) and we came to Brio with only 45 min before our movie started.  We knew we loved the food, but would we be able to get what we wanted and get to the movie in 45 min?  We had our doubts--but Jarrett made it happen.  To make things even more difficult for him, we ordered everything :)  Appetizers, alcohol, salads, main courses AND dessert to go!!  He gave us amazing service, and the food was fantastic!  We were out the door in 40 min--can you believe it? at a sit-down, upscale restaurant??  Awesome!!  I had the artichoke-crusted beef with mashed potatoes, a bistecca salad and we split a sampler of bruschetta.  My husband also had a salad and he ordered lasagna.  Everything was yummo and the service was impecable!  Ask for Jarrett next time you go there!
3 Brio Brio Brio.... I have gone here a ton of times.  So this is a general review of multiple experiences.  1. Good food, lets get things straight I keep going back because of the food location and people watching, the service is at best mediocre and at worst it just plain sucks.  Flatbread - quite good Fish specials - Good (usually go for this at lunch) Chicken under a brick - bad should be left under the brick and kicked to the curb Pizza - good (if you like thin crust stuff, i prefer just going to the flatbreads though) Lamb - I like pink lamb I have had to send back as ultra rare lamb is not to my taste, beef yes lamb ultra rare no Deserts are good I link the sampler (see service below)  i like the ambiance of this place for sitting outside and people watching, there arent enough decent al fresco dining places in vegas (because it gets hot) however it is too big.  Been there a lot and have never been remembered because i rarely have seen the same server twice.  Wait staff seems to be overworked and under-crewed so I never take it out on my servers (tip wise), however I have had to complain about wait times and am usually rewarded with free desert to the table which i usually get the sampler which is quite tasty and varied the apple crumble is very good.  Price to food quality is a very good ratio. Overall it is a decent restaurant,  if you are tight on time, it would be  a no go.  However for extended lunches (booze helps deal with longer wait times) it is a go to place.  Just if the service is slow dont be scared to notify people you are waiting and furthermore dont hesitate to take it out on the manager and not the overworked servers who are really trying their best with what looks like understaffing decisions.  Overall a 3 star would be 4 if their service gets a revamp.
5 I've had several very enjoyable meals here in the past.  I would strongly suggest the spinach artichoke appetizer!  I've never been disappointed!  My mom and I decided to stop for a snack while we were in Town Square.  We tried the tasters menu...$2.95 each.  So good!  We had the raviolis and baked mozzarella brushetta.  Very satisfying!  Hit the spot!  Nice little portions, perfect for splitting.  We agreed ordering 1 or 2 more would've made for a filling meal.    We both really enjoyed the food and portion sizes.  However, our favorite part of coming here was the service!  You have to sit in the bar or outside on the couches to order the tasters menu.  We sat at the bar and actually had 3 different bartenders waiting on us!  Each was more pleasant than the next!  Very nice to have attentive service!  Each of us are planning on inviting co-workers or friends for a happy hour to enjoy the tasters.
4 I'm a fan!  Came here for an early dinner out on the patio yesterday after work.  I was looking to eat a yummy salad since I'm "watching" what I'm eating...   Wow... the salmon salad is amazing! Super pretty too! Only thing I didn't like was the over drenching of dressing.  I would come back just for the salad... maybe a pasta dish whenever I feel like busting my butt doing 2 hours of cardio post Brio :)   If you're in the area... stop by Brio and have lunch or dinner out on the patio!  I'll be back!
4 Brio never disappoints.  Their Lobster Bisque is to die for!!!
5 HAPPY HOUR TUSCAN TASTER MENU $2.95?!?!!? My fave eat in Vegas by far!!!!! Brio Tuscan Grille is at the heart of Town Square, and since it's a ways off The Strip, it's not bustling with tourists. Sitting outside at the bar on a warm Spring afternoon...=) SO PEACEFUL!   BEEF CARPACCIO - This one is my favorite! The meat is sliced super super thin and goes so well with the mustard aioli and field greens.   SLICED STEAK BRUSCHETTA - This one is a close runner up. Some bites you may find the gorgonzola to be overpowering. I think the steak and bruschetta could've done without the cheese. Nevertheless, YUM!   BRIO BURGER - Okay, but kind of dry and plain. Not a fan of the chips it comes with either. Sliced into fours for sharing!  RAVIOLI CAPRESE - Three giant raviolis. Super cheesy and tastes like it was fried. So unless you douse each bite with tomato sauce, it gets dry.  SHRIMPTINI - I was pleasantly surprised with this! The're very generous with the shrimp! Super cute presentation and uber refreshing.  I looked over at the party of 2 sitting right next to us...turns out they ordered the exact same 5 dishes. Must be a good sign! Our waiter also recommended the SPICY SHRIMP AND EGGPLANT, but we didn't have enough stomach room.   Where else can you stuff 2 people with such quality food for less than $20, tax and tip included?! I want to tell all my friends, but at the same time, I want to keep this place all to myself ;)
4 Excellent Italian Food!  I've been a few times and the Happy Hour is the way to go for value!  In a nice/new shopping center Town Center Mall.
5 Fantastic decor and spacious.  The most amazing desserts and scrumptious salads.  I really enjoyed the lobster bisque and the Sweet Potato & Chicken Risotto was phenomenal!!!  I also like how they didn't prepare their Sangria cheaply with a carbonated beverage.  Couldn't quite pinpoint what they put in it, but whatever it was... I'm a big fan!
5 Outstanding!!! Had the steak salad. I don't even know where to begin, it was so good. And huge, so I shared it. This is a $14 salad. Soft-as-butter med. rare steak, carmelized pecans, just enough gorgonzola, sweet cherry tomatoes, drizzle of balsamic glaze that hits at all the right times. I said I'd be back the next day to get this salad again. It was seriously THAT good. Am not sharing next time. :)  Heard rave reviews about their happy  hour so will definitely be back very soon. I'm feelin' a new hangout!
4 Second time dining at this place, first time was a hit and this time was no different. First thing, I noticed about this place is the layout. High, High Ceilings and the Overall decor looks so Grand, Open and Romanesque. Like its decorated for a Wedding Reception or Event of some sort.  We were greeted with smiles and quickly seated. Our hostess, immediately gathered and picked up the extra table settings in Lightning Speed and then handed our menus. WOHO! No more than 30 seconds our Server comes over and hands us the menu with a big smile and takes our drink orders. No more than a minute, a food runner brings us our drinks. A few minutes later, Our server politely comes by and asks us if we were ready to order and this is what we got:  "Primi" (Appetizers):  Calamari Fritto Misto: Big plate (easily shared by 3-4 people)! I loved the peperoncini mixed with the squid. Once in a while I would pick one up to spice it up a bit! Or sometimes it was a spicy surprise! Breading wasn't real golden brown and crispy. Came with 2 sauces on each side -Red sauce/Marinara type and Yellow sauce/Garlic Aioli. Red sauce typical pasta pizza sauce flavored. On the other hand, the Garlic Aioli was Absolutely Divine!! I don't know if its just me but that flavor got my attention real quick! It had a distinct flavor and a hint of horseradish mustard something that I couldn't get enough of! I didn't want to look like a dog but I would of Licked that plate clean with a shine!   Spicy shrimp & Eggplant: Nice presentation, came on a long rectangle plate all lined up like in a straight line. Overall, flavor wasn't really impressive more disappointing if anything. The black pepper cream sauce wasn't as good as it sounded but the romano crusted egg plant was nice. Basically, after a few pieces, I was over it.. I guess that's why its an appetizer! But this felt heavy and after a few, I threw in the towel..  Entree:  Pasta Pomodoro with Chicken and added their Bistecca Insalata (salad): Another Heavy Weight plate, a generous mound of angel hair pasta, grilled chicken, pine nuts and their cilantro pesto drizzle. Plus some grated parmesan on top. Pretty straight forward dish and pretty good as well. It was just lacking 5 Stardom calibur, just like every other dish.. (Except for the salad, I'll get to that!).  *Bistecca Insalata: The Freshest Wedge of Iceberg Lettuce (crisp and almost neon green), Gorgonzola, real pieces of bacon (not dried bits), shiny red roma tomaotes and their mouthwatering creamy parmesan dressing!! One of the Best salads I've ever sunk my teeth in!!  Couldn't help but watch some of the staff really get to work. During our meal, we couldn't help but notice a vacant table behind us that was getting set for the next guest(s). The busser/server assistant was so precise and jaw dropping fast! I mean like watching a dvd and pressing forward like 3 times/3 arrows!! Just like everybody else here!! It's like the In N' Out Burger staff on a Redbull High!!! Also, I must mention our (Pregnant) Server did not skip a beat from refilling drinks, stopping by to check on the dinner status, to adding the extra Garlic Aioli sauces in our staff wrapped doggie bags! Service 5.5 Screaming Stars! Taste of Food 3.5-4 Stars (Bistecca salad 5+ stars), Value for amount of food 4-4.5 Stars and Ambiance 4.5 Stars..
4 Brio's Birthday Deal: My son chose to spend his 15th birthday dinner here on Monday night.  We (son, his father, and I) arrived at 6:00pm and the patio area was packed when we walked by, but we were promptly seated inside at a spacious booth.  I told the hostess that we were celebrating the teenager's birthday and her immediate reaction was, "Oh, you didn't tell us at the front--let me get his birthday card!"  What?  So, she came right back with a birthday card that was obviously pre-handwritten for such occasions, but it did include a coupon for a free appetizer on our next visit--nice touch.  The kind lady also informed us that the birthday boy was also going to get a free dessert of his choosing with a lit candle, but that there would be no singing--yay!  My son picked the perfect place for his birthday!  We've been to Brio several times and this is one of the reasons--they give great customer service.  Our waitress was attentive, we always had plenty of bread and drink refills, and were satisfied with our dishes:  Chicken Under the Brick, Sweet Potato and Chicken Risotto, and Grilled Shrimp & Orzo.  The kid chose the Chocolate Lava cake and free dessert is always delicious!  If you want to get the most for your money on your birthday, check out Brio:  great food, fantastic service, and freebies!
5 Two friends and I just got back from Brio at Town Square.   This was one of the better Italian meals I've had in a long time.     The atmosphere is comfortable, nice bar area, outdoor patio seating makes this a very nice place for dinner.  One friend had the Lobster Ravioli and we both thought they were excellent, She didn't leave one bit.  Darn it!   (We always taste each others dinner.)  The other friend had the Mediterranean Penne, she loved it.  I thought it was pretty good.  I had the Chicken Limone which I love as Chicken Piccata when I make it at home.  This one was awesome.  Two large, very tender chicken breasts in a creamy butter/lemon sauce.   Sides of crispy potatoes and roasted veggis made this a truly wonderful choice.  The Caesar salad we ordered, (mine with very good anchovies) were a little on the dry side but very good flavor.  The romaine lettuce very fresh.  My Cosmopolitan  was perfect as was the others' Fruitini.  A fruit flavored martini.    Service was good, except our waitrees forgot to bring me extra lemon for my chicken.   Not a big deal.  The place was full - unusual for a Tuesday evening and she was very busy.    Valet parking is available if you can't find a spot on the street.  This is one we will definitely return to soon.
4 Brio loomed up as we drove through Town Square, after taking a golf lesson across the street at Callaway Golf.  We were famished and ready for a feast.   Great Italian Tuscan decor, dramatic high ceilings and drapery and bits of Deruta pottery.  Lovely large lamps cast a soft light over the red and gold brocade chairs.  We came at the rush, and got a beeper, which allowed us to wander a bit in this suburbanish shopping area.  Lots of nouveau upscale shops, like English Laundry, and Juicy.  The buzzer was off in a flash, and on our return, we were escorted to a table in the center of the room, although, they also offered us outside seating.  The couches and tables outside look good for groups, but I was more in the mood for quci service and white linen. I had joined the Brio web site on line a couple of days before we came to Vegas, and it promised an appetizer, but I hadn't gotten the email by the time we left.  However, the manager did honor the email on my Droid, and we got the fabulous Bruchetta Sampler free!  Yummo!  Best Bruchetta I've had, four different kinds, each one individual, steak, cheese, and parma ham.  The bread offerings were plain bread or triangular crispy cheese and seed covered flatbread. We had excellent service once we were seated, which made the short wait worthwhile.  I had Shrimp and crab cakes, the addition of shrimp made the cakes perkier, and my beau had the medallions of beef, which he pronounced a bit dry.  The carrot, eggplant, pepper, and potato grilled vegetables had a nice carmelized sweetness to them, and my Cadillac Margarita was iced cold and refreshing. I look forward to working my way through the taster menu on pleasant spring and fall evenings. NOTE  Went back the next day to try the appetizer menu at the bar for a fun and delectible happy hour!!!  Spicy shrimp rocks and the ravioli was crispy and cool.
5 They have the best most accommodating staff !! Thank you Brio Waiters !
4 All I know is that I sampled pizza throughout the Rise Up Japan bake sale, and it was pretty delicious pizza.  All the workers were pretty friendly.  One day I'll have to actually try this place out, though I'll probably wait until their Boca Park location opens.
4 Excellent menu! Friendly staff and great environment. Would highly recommend.
4 I love coming here for happy hour! $2.95 food menu :)   The only thing that sucks about happy hour is that it's only in the bar area only and the bar area can get packed really fast so come early to get a good table. Also, another thing I love about this place is their chocolate mints haha I think it's so much better than olive garden too.   The staff here can also be a bit slow and lazy. Because every time i come here and there are empty plates on the table, the server would not pick it up unless we handed them the plate ourselves. It's a bit obvious that we're done with the plate when there's nothing left on the plate
5 The food here is awsome. We will definitely be coming back on our next Vegas trip.
4 Tried some of their appetizers during the Yelp fundraising bake sale, and dropped by again for Suki L.'s Happy Hour UYE.  I have to say for the $2.95 price tag on their selections of hour hour menu, the food was delicious and the portions were fair.  My favorites on their new Spring 2011 Happy Hour menu are the Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant (the Black Pepper Sauce is great with pretty much anything savory, try it withthe BRIO Burger or the shrimp from the Shrimptini), followed closely by the Marghita Flatbread.  I would also recommend The Beef Carpaccio, BRIO Burger,and as far as their Strawberry Lemonade (non-alcoholic).  If you are not working during the weekday afternoon,and happens to be at Town Square shopping or watching a movie or whatever, drop by for inexpensive and very good food.  But plan on arriving around 3:30pm,as the HH is only valid at the bar area, which fillsup rather quickly.  Thanks again to Suki L for organizing the UYE here, so I try their HH. And like Anthony M, I think this is also one of my favorite HH in Vegas.  Decor: 5/5 It reminded me of the decor at The Cheese Cake Factory, but with their own twist.  Ilike it.  Ambiance: 4/5  It has good atmosphere.  Service: 5/5  The bartenders, waiters,bussers were all great.  Even when it is busy, they paid attention to the customers making sure our orders are placed and our drinks are refilled.  Food:  4/5  Based on the HH menu only.  I liked most of the food I ordered, while some I am glad I tried but would likely not order again now that I know which ones I really like.  Price:  5/5 for HH             3/5 for non-HH.  Location:  Perfect for those visiting Town Square for the entertainment, shopping, or food.  4 stars. I will definitely be back.
4 Brio is a pleasant surprise.  I thought it would be Olive Garden on steriods, but it wasn't.  Thank god we made reservations, though, we would be waiting forever.  This place was jam packed (on a Thursday, 7:00p).  Maybe because martinis were $5 a pop?    Our server was friendly and informative.  I was scared my friend wouldn't enjoy the food because she is vegitarian.  My girlfriend and I ordered the roasted red pepper and mozzarella bruschetta (which was delicious!) and the mushroom ravioli (to die for).  We couldn't say no when he brought the dessert tray.  Bread pudding warm and glorious!  All in all, a success.
5 WHOA!!!! Where has Brio been all expensive lunches in my life?!  The 2.95 happy hour is AMAZING! If portion size is too small for you...ORDER ANOTHER IT'S ONLY TWO NINETY FIVE!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW YYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  - BRIO Burger -  For 2.95 i was expecting one or two slider sized burgers. Nope they serve a FULL SIZED burger cut into quarters. The beef patty is pretty darn tasty but there's no condiments so after a few bites it could get pretty dull. Couple this with the salad from the Shrimptini or from the carpaccio and sauce it with the sauce from the shrimp and eggplant.   - Ravioli Caprese -  Not bad but no meat. The sauce ultimately makes the dish. Go early and they'll flood that plate with sweet tasty sauce, go late and there'll be a a few slabs of sauce on the plate.  - Chorizo Fonduta - The 'Meh' of the menu. The fondu is a bit salty and is very rich.  - Beef Carpaccio -  Thin strips of raw beef with a spring salad on top drizzled with some kind of mustard sauce with capers. WIN.   - Spicy Shrimp & Eggplant - Dont really like eggplant very much but OH MAN THAT SAUCE IS GOOD!!!  - Margherita Flatbread -  Very nice, Very tasty, Could use more basil but overall it's perfect as a starter  - Shrimptini -  Already peeled shrimp in a martini glass filled with tasty salad. Very refreshing and awesome as a starter or in between rich dishes like the shrimp and eggplant  - Sliced Steak Bruschetta -  All you taste is the cheese and the greens but still this brushetta is DAMN tasty!!
5 I hosted my sister's bridal shower here and they were absolutely fantastic to work with especially considering I am located in Los Angeles and not familiar with the area, they were very considerate of working with me in order to make this a fantastic day for my sis.  They have two private rooms for private parties that are very nice and elegant.  Since our group was smaller in size, we opted for the public outdoor patio which was very nice.  They also let us bring in our own desserts to celebrate her.  Our food was great which included an aritchoke dip appetizer and then I had their Citrus Green Salad which was really flavorful.  The service was excellent.  Crystal was our catering coordinator who was great to work with leading up to the event.  Michael, the manager, was also super friendly.  Our day-of server (I can't remember his name sadly) was also great to us and very patient allowing us to occupy the table for a long time.    Would definitely go back there the next time I am in the Vegas/Henderson area.
4 On a recent trip to Town Square to return some items, a friend and I decided to eat lunch at Brio Tuscan Grill. It was around noon on a Friday, and since there was a wait to sit inside we decided to sit on the patio.   The overall attitude of the hostess worried me a bit... She wasn't welcoming, did not try to engage us in any conversation, walked way ahead of us, and did not check to see if we were ok with the table she put us at. And we weren't, as soon as our waiter came to take our drink orders we asked to be moved to an area that was slightly shaded.   After checking over the menu I was unable to decide so I decided to ask  our waiters to help. We had multiple waiters, one was being trained by the other. Between the snooty hostess and trainee-waiter this could have been a disastrous lunch but thankfully the waiters  did a great job together. They convinced me to to try the citrus garden salad with shrimp. My friend had  the mezza chicken under the brick.   The bread did not come out until after our food, but our food did come out pretty quickly. My salad was huge, had lots of perfectly cooked shrimp and the linguine was surprisingly good, which made me happy since I was worried I wouldn't like noodles on a salad. The dressing was a light lemon vinaigrette, and the dried cranberries and pecans were nice compliments to the cilantro and peppers.   Based on how quickly she devoured it, I think the mezza chicken under the brick was pretty good as well!   Total damage for our 2 lunches and 2 ice teas was right around $30 before tip. I am looking forward to visiting Brio again during happy hour.
5 I come here very often, and I only eat outside... only once has the service been mediocre. Everything I've ordered has been amazing... my favorites are the strawberry chicken salad, the lobster ravioli, the shrimp on eggplant appetizer... yum. Love the mojitos, too. My only complaint would be the reception, it always seems cold, or that they're a little stressed about seating you. I didn't knock it down any stars though, because I quickly forget about it once I get inside.
4 We always enjoy our dining experience here... I love the atmosphere-the high vaulted ceilings,the lighting,outside seating is neat too accompanied by a fire pit for those chilly nights. It is so pretty inside like you are about to be a witness at a wedding!!! The service is quick & I never encountered  a rude employee (yet)...  This place is one of the few places that my daughter enjoys (too picky)!!! There hasn't been a dish that I have sent back. The bread basket is not only filled with soft bread but you get crispy flat bread with sesame seeds as well...The Pasta Fra Diavolo (Spicy Shrimp wih Angel hair pasta), Cheese Ravioli, Ravioli Caprese(Crispy Cheese Ravioli) & the Wedge Salad are just a few of our favorites.  I just tried Fettuccine Napoli which has Smoked chicken,carmelized onions, broccoli, tomatoes,& chili flakes. The chili flakes is what sold me and sadly, I felt these chili flakes were just flakes minus all the chili. Not spicy at all-what happened ? I also had to add salt (I hate having to add salt to anything). So even though this dish was a miss for me I can still appreciate that just because this is a good restaurant doesn't mean you are going to like everything. Brio can tend to be pricey.... We will be back....
3 Great day for sitting outside
4 Came to Brio for their happy hour. It was Bomb Diggity! Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant is a must! Outside seating is sooo pleasant.   As for service that depends on the person. I sat in two different areas. The first server wasn't too pleasant, but the second was phenomenal!  One BIG complaint... although outside seating is wonderful, there happy hour outside seating is not so nice... limited to about 12 - 20 people. One star off for that one.
4 My first visit here by recommendation and oohhh why oohh why don't you have a location near my home??   I had the medallions encrusted in artichokes, fresh grilled veggies and yummy mashed taters. I most often alter my mashed but these were so buttery and creamy they didn't even need salt.   My boyfriend had one of the specials for the day. Grilled yellowtail with mashed taters and grilled asparagus. The fish was grilled just perfect and the seasoning was very good.   We also had their signature bruchetta which I am still dreaming about and trying to figure out a way to make it myself since they are not local to me.   I also here they have a great Happy Hour but e were here on a Saturday s we did not partake.
5 Indulged in happy hour today! Great drinks and very reasonably priced appetizers (under $3) until 6:30 at the bar, who could ask for anything more? The bar was busy, but finding seating was not too difficult. The service was great and bartenders attentive. We tried about half of the appetizers on the happy hour menu and all were great! The steak brochette, their version of the shrimp cocktail, breaded ravioli's exceptional. I had a Bellini (which is a frozen drink at Brio), which was perfect sitting at the patio bar on a warm evening. Brio is going on the "must frequently visit" list!
2 Two different pasta dishes...both too salty.  margherita flatbread was totally bland.  And for God's sake will someone please tell the servers here, and everywhere else that I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU'RE FAVORITES ARE!!!!  Just describe the food and the preparation.
4 Great Italian food. I ordered a pasta with shrimp. It was super fresh and tasty. It wasn't heavy and I didn't feel gross after like other Italian restaurants. Great food and service.
4 I have been here on a few occasions, but never wrote a Yelp, so after hitting Brio for Happy Hour this Friday I decided they needed to Yelped and Yelped good! Our first visit to Brio we ate dinner, I got the Veal Milanese (I've found it difficult to find veal in Vegas), it was tasty, I enjoyed it. My husband got a Winter risotto with chicken and vegetables, that as well was good. After discovering Brios' Happy Hour with some friends we were hooked...we can't go at any other time. $2.95 for several delicious foods, and they give you plenty. We've tried the Brio Burger which is our favorite thing on the menu, done so perfectly with housemade chips on the side YUM! The Chorizo Fonduta was flavorful and delicious. The Sliced Steak Bruschetta is high quality as well, tender steak, thick sweet balsamic drizzled on top. We had split feeling about the Ravioli Caprese, We thought they were bland but our friends like them as well as the Shrimptini, my friends get them everytime, the shrimp were small and didn't have much taste, the roasted tomato cocktail sauce makes the dish. The flatbreads are good, large and have tons of toppings, worth every penny. By this point we are stuffed and can't seem to make a dent in the rest of the menu, nut believe me, we'll keep trying. Oh yeah, the drinks are delicious, no special pricing but they are mixed well...try their new Watermelon martini...I almost feel like I was drinking something healthy:)
1 This is the review for the stupid Restaurant Manager in the Black Shirt from yesterday 6/14/2011 You are unprofessional.  Came there with 2 European guests and they didnt accept their European IDs As a proove of Age. Both of them are 30 Years old.  Thats NOT costumer friendly at all. We European don't ASK any us people to Carry their Passworts with them in Europe. We accept your id As proove to.  You are unfriendly and your Company Rules are a joke.  Nobody who is in a different country like to Carry the passport 24/7 with them.  I Went there at least once a Week since 4 month before Shopping and Wohle Never ever go there again.  You are a Great Restaurant Manager. Your Company rules are ridicoulos.  I was so ashame about this unprofessional Manager.  Thanks for welcoming our guests from Europe in such unfriendly Way.  I m sooooooo happy there are other Restaurants @ towns Square who accept an European driving license to get a Beer specialy Ehen they are 30 Years old!!!! Thanks Blue Martini. Had a Great Time there!!!!!
3 The food is good, but the service was a bit....lacking.  When i went the staff was fairly impersonal and didn't really seem to care that i was dining there, just saying.
4 Brio is one of my favorite happy hour places. $5 martini nights on Thursdays is always a good choice, and the $3 appetizers are all very tasty as well. I like the beef carpaccio, ravioli (crispy with a yummy marinara sauce/ tomato relish), the sliders look good as well.    The outdoor patio has a nice ambiance and a great spot for convos. There's section of sofa with a fireside as well but is normally taken up by a crowd.  A nice and relaxing restaurant to hang out (speaking of the bar and patio area).
5 Tried the Bruschetta Quattro...SO GOOD. I only got the Brio Chopped Salad because I was full, however my husband got the Gorgonzola Crusted Bistecca - PERFECTION. So moist, succulent and ;....I'm drooling. Best ever. My BIL ordered what I wanted originally, Sweet Potato & Chicken Risotto. AH-MAZING! So flavorful and innovative. The BIL's gf (haha I love acronyms) needed gluten free dishes only and the server was most accommodating. Actually, the service was the best I've had in years. Overall the ambiance is in a beautiful setting in a 'strip mall' look of Town Center, but I am now craving for the bistecca and live no where near a Brio :( Will definitely go again!
5 Great hh here. $3 appetizer menu!  The quality was pretty good too. Drinks r only .50$ off tho
4 My uncle took my mom & I to this restaurant over the weekend to celebrate her birthday & my graduation. I'm usually pretty skeptical with Italian food in general because I'm allergic to gluten and can't eat much...but I figured I could find something to  suit me.  Loved it here. It's located in this high end outdoor mall (which we didn't see too much of, thanks to scorching Vegas weather...) and the restaurant itself is beautiful. I loved the building with it's high ceilings & open space. I made me feel like I was dining in a castle :)  It was still a little early for dinner (about 5:30), so we were seated right away, although we had no reservations. We were given a bread basket with some flatbread crisps to munch on while we were looking over the menu. I didn't try any of it, but my mom & uncle said the bread was yummy. I ordered the sweet potato & chicken risotto and a  salad, my mom ordered a flatbread pizza and my uncle got the crab cakes. We all decided to share the spinach artichoke dip as an appetizer.  The salad was amazing. Best cesar salad I've had, and I've had quite a few in my time. The dressing wasn't too salty...and the tanginess was perfection. The dip was a bit too salty for me...but I tasted a little bit of the parmesan crisps that come with it & they were great.   When my food arrived it was very pretty :) The risotto wasn't gummy (which is usually the case) and the flavor was great...but I was a little weirded out because they used dark meat chicken. There were ligaments still attached, like they used a chicken leg instead of a chicken breast. Not that there's anything wrong with that, I am just used to seeing white meat used, as opposed to dark. It tasted fine, tho...I took it all in stride.  I ordered a creme brulee for dessert and it was pretty good. Not the best, but definitely up there.  All in all, the ambiance was nice & the waitress was very friendly. We had a good time here. I'm don't usually visit lavish restaurants when we're in Vegas, but I'd definitely give this place a try again. I'd love to try some pasta here, but I really would hate to land myself in the hospital...
2 I have lived in Europe and wanna-be-Italian restaurants in the States are just always disappointing to me. The only thing I liked there was the fresh bread. My husband ordered the grilled salmon over angel hair pasta and I had the risotto. The grilled salmon was very plain and almost dry.. really nothing special. A small piece of salmon over a bed of pasta... The risotto almost made me cry.. It had BACON in it! The bacon flavor was so overwhelming I really couldn't eat it. Don't give me wrong I do like bacon BUT not in ITALIAN risotto... Thats just wrong! Sorry! Service wasn't perfect either.. We paid about $40 for 2 people (small appetizer included) no drinks and I left the restaurant hungry and unsatisfied.
4 Still an awesome Happy Hour. Love their new $5 Martini Thursdays. Now I really won't be able to stay away.
4 My wife and I love going to this restaurant.  The risotto entree is fantastic, and the fried calamari app is one of my favorites.  Service is always good and the atmosphere is really nice.  Prices are steep so I don't get to eat here often, although I would if they had better lunch specials.  They do have happy hour deals but I can't usually take advantage of them.
2 July 2, 2011 Saturday - dinner 8:30 PM 2 adults and a teenager  Atmosphere - 4 stars Food - 2 stars Service - 1 star  Background - After a long day of driving from Reno we wanted Italian close to our hotel.  Atmosphere - The best thing going with this place.  Lofting ceilings with great colors covering the walls make for a warm inviting place.  Food Appetizer - Free bread came in a small basket, it contained three triangular cracker thin bread slices covered in seasoning and a chuck of soft bread.  The cracker bread was seasoned, looked, and tasted like pizza.   They could have offered to bring more bread when it was gone.  If I was eating some pasta as my meal I would have liked it to arrive without me begging.   Main Course - They did not have any stuffed pasta that I was interested in.  So I went with the sliced steak salad.  The steak was over peppered and the medallion pieces needed to be cut.  The lettuce was nothing special, mostly iceberg chopped into small squares.  The highlight of the meal was the candied pecans.  This comment you could put under service or here, the menu indicates that steak will be cooked to order.  The waiter  never asked and I forgot as it took a long time to place our meal order with him.  Dessert - skipped it    Service - This was really lacking.  The floor was simply nasty.  Noodles all over the floor next to wear I sat.  As we sat there I noticed a Gatorade bottle on the floor next to me after the lady at the next table over placed in on the floor before they left.  The busy boy must have not noticed it as he kicked it under the table.  I typically only drink water with my meal now, and when you fill a 12 ounce glass completely with ice, you better be coming back with more water frequently.  But not the case here, only once was my water refilled, placing the glass at the edge of the table should all I have to do.   As we were finishing up our meal, a different bus boy took care of the other table next to us.  The table was covered in a table cloth.  When he placed the new one on the table it was like he was making a bed up and down with cloth.  I know it was a hot night but I really do not need a table cloth fan next to me.
3 I would never have come here to Brio if the work hadn't hosted lunch event.  I'll just call the pasta dishes serviceable and the presentation wonderful.  But the lobster bisque was amazing.  That was some good ass bisque.  The warm fresh bread that they brought out complemented the bisque.  I did hear some comments from co-workers that the there was less vegetarian options on the dinner menu vs. the lunch/brunch menu.     I'm not going to compare it chains like Macaroni Grill or Olive Garden.  But I did like the ambiance and service was good.  I've never been to Tuscany but if it's all about the feast, Brio certainly is a good place to go for big groups if your in Town Square.
3 We tried the bruschetta trio and the bisteca salad and was A-OK I could have done with just the salad. The Mr. ordered a fettuccine pasta in which the pasta was totally underdone not aldente. The bottle peach ice tea from Italy was very good. The server brought over the dessert tray and we had to pass. Just was not impressing
3 Came here for a quick bite and shared the Bruschetta Sampler, Bisteca Salad, and a Fettuccine dish that was a couple minutes shy of al dente...  Luckily the Italian peach tea helped me wash the pasta down. The dessert tray didn't look appetizing, so we passed on the sweets.  Next time we're in the area, I'd rather dine at Yard House instead...ALOHA!!!
5 I love Brio, it's always reliably good food for an affordable price,  the service is great and always fast.  It can be 1-2 hours wait on weekends for dinner.
3 brio threw away my souvenir glass from winewalklv.com here @townsquare The server found another one! And gave each of us gals a new clean glass...thank you!!
4 All around great experience. Everyone enjoyed their meal, the service was great and the atmosphere was gorgeous.    *****Tip sign up for their email club and they send you an offer for a free bruchetta quatro appetizer*****
4 This place is growing on me. I have been to the Scottsdale Quarter (Arizona) and Las Vegas locations and had the same thing and it was consistently satisfying. I got the sweet potato and chicken risotto and salad. Yum! My company also enjoyed what they ordered. Service was terrific. It definitely adds to the meal.
4 Went for lunch.  Very attractive and spacious restaurant.  Took a little while to get service but went great thereafter.  I felt like a salad and didn't look at the rest of the menu.  I had the Med. chicken salad....fresh, crisp, great textures and moist chicken.  My friend had the steak salad....beautiful thick pieces of medium rare steak.  Artisan bread to start.  Very enjoyable.
4 If you're looking for a chain type Italian restaurant forget Olive Garden and come here. The food is creative without being fancy. Everything is fresh and tastes great. Good happy hour prices for appetizer (drinks not so much). Happy hour service was a little rough, I really hate when bartenders ignore younger patrons, but the $2.95 appetizers still made it a good deal. I love their Italian Wedding Cake Martini!
5 It just keeps getting better. The Sweet Potato Risotto is amazing, and so is the Tournedos Di Manzo. I have yet to have desert still... I really need to get on that.  I've decided the Town Square location is much nicer than the Tivoli Village one- although the service at Tivoli seemed slightly better.
4 Okay, I wised up and had a Bellini, the beautiful Italian cocktail combining peaches and Proseco (sparkling white wine).  It was smooth as silk, icy cold and slid down my throat.   I had just had the pleasure of the drink at Harry's Bar and the Four Seasons in Florence, so the Bellini had some tough competition, but withstood the test!  We chose the scrumptious and spicy shrimp and egglant, the shrimptini, and punctuated it with the sliders, which turned out to be one big burger cut in quarters. We preferred the steak bruschetta, but enjoyed the happy hour fun before our golf lesson across the street!  Funny waitress, and a great table in the shade near the bar!
4 Keeping in my mind that I've done nothing but appetizers and drinks here, and only at the bar area, I'm kind of a fan. The bartenders have generally been very nice and attentive. And the outdoor bar part is actually kind of a nice place to sit. The appetizers have all been ok, but nothing too impressive. What I have found most impressive is their $5 martinis on Thursdays during happy hour. All of the martinis I have sampled have been absolutely delicious. And for $5, well, you just can't beat that.
4 The first time I went here, I was with my best friend. We went there for happy hour. We were told that happy hour is only at the bar. The bar area is inside the restaurant and  outside. The happy hour menu is only a page just one sided. Even though the selection is small the food is delicious. The plates are good enough to fill you up with just 2-3 plates.  The second time I went there I went with my boyfriend. We went on a thursday. Also went there for happy hour. When we sat down, I noticed a $5 martinis only on thursdays.   The price for the happy hour food is $3.95 for every single plate on the happy hour menu.  The service is good. But the first time I went there, it was ok. We had to ask our waitress to get refills on our water.
5 yummmiii, mi best restaurant, it never fails.
3 I have been to Brio a few times for happy hour, full-on dinner, and just drinks when shopping at Town Square. As another reviewer mentioned, I am not especially 'jazzed' to be writing a review for a chain like this.. but it is what it is.   Had this never been a part of Town Square I would not ever have heard of it I don't believe. So having said that.. I had come in for dinner a few times. I am that guy when it comes to a non-belief in "American Style Italian" or whatever Brio claims to be.  As for the quality of the food.. it isn't bad.. just nothing spectacular. Lately My friends and I have been dropping in for Happy hour on Thursdays as they have a $5 'martini' menu along side their daily happy hour of $2.95 'Tuscan Tasters'' ..   The thing is, they get so swamped with customers during happy hour, that the service gets seriously patchy. I'm totally down for someone hustling amongst the tables they are waiting on, just trying to do the job and make some descent money.. in fact I can appreciate it. It's the consistent mistakes on the bill, the negative attitude, especially fromt he bar staff, and the disregard for any style of customer service from the staff. There is constant conversation about everything but work, and in a very loud way.   I honestly know that this is literally a step in some direction from a place like 'Chili's" or 'Friday's" but with the environment of a bit higher end restaurant that they are trying to create.. you would hope for more is all I am saying.   In the end of it all, I would be back for the Happy Hour.. as it's good prices and descent nosh when you are shopping or heading to a movie.. but I think I will be looking for other options when I am next down at Town Square. Happy Eating!
3 I have dined with Brio Tuscan Grill in the past, but this time felt compelled to review.  I arrived at Brio Tuscan Grille  just before noon on a Friday and to my surprise did not wait to be seated - the restaurant, albeit busy, provided immediate space.  The restaurant is that of a large, open floor, high ceiling dining space.  The "Tuscan" décor is immediately apparent and the high ceiling with streaming tapestry is a nice touch.  Regretfully I felt as though I spent the entire meal yelling at my colleague as the roar of the patrons is stifling.  The dining room rumbles with dialogue from the tables, each seemingly attempting to talk louder than the next.  This may be the result of the large dome-like space.  The team serving us was friendly, not unlike the hosts, but did unfortunately need to be reminded of extra table flatware, indications for drink refills, and simple things like a spoon to stir my coffee, however, negating these oversights with accommodating pleasant demeanor.  I cannot speak on my friend, but I ordered the Mezza Chicken Limone and would recommend it to anyone that enjoys characteristic chicken.  Aside from the elegant name, this lunch fare is simply Lemon Chicken with Campanelle Florentine.  The chicken was flavorful, with lemon obvious with each bite, and the bed of greens accented the capers nicely; the portion size is perfect for a healthy lunch as well.  I would also like to note the Campanelle Florentine was just a bit overcooked, but not enough for most to notice.  Again, I recommend the Mezza Chicken Limone and Brio Tuscan Grille to all - we'll see how things are next time: at dinner.
4 I love the atmosphere at Brio.  Although it IS indeed a chain, which is not my favorite part of a restaurant, it is still nicer than your average.  Their outdoor seating is spectacular.  The misters make it bearable to sit in the summer Vegas heat, the fire pits are great for the cooler evenings.  The food is pretty solid - I love their entree sized salads.  I can't comment on cocktails or desserts, as I've never had one there, but I'm guessing it'll push above average.  Overall, it was a great place for chilling on the patio or for a business lunch.
3 Great happy hour if you can get a seat. Come early, but don't expect a spot if you show up after 530PM. Decent entree's, but overpriced in my opinion.
3 Sad was the emotion I was feeling when I saw that they have a happy hour on Monday-Friday from 3:30-6:30 and a reverse one on Monday-Thursday from 9-close. Why sad? I was there on a Sunday at 4.  Once I got over the fact that some of the stuff I ordered cost $2.95 during these special hours compared to the $5.95-$11.95 I paid, the food was ok. At the discounted prices they would probably be amazing.   I am not the biggest fan of chains, but I did like how nothing was over cooked or seasoned. Sometimes the amount of sodium used in fried foods are overwhelming. The calamari were cooked to a nice light brown and had a good crunch while maintaining tender texture. The batter was flavorful with the speckles of pepper being visible throughout. Not only do you get a good amount of squid but they batter and fry up some banana peppers as well. The nice bites of pickled spiciness was a welcoming palate cleanser. The spinach artichoke dip was decadent and rich. It comes with the same flat bread you get once you sit down. The bisteca salad was a huge wedge that comes with a creamy dressing. Tossing some balsamic with it made it better. We also got a chopped salad that had a red wine vinaigrette that was not very bold.   I am still on the fence about this place. It is somewhere between a 3 and a 4. I left feeling very full, but I was looking for that one item that was undeniably unique.
4 This is the go to place for my boyfriend and I when we want to have amazing food & look around townsquare.     a month ago - I take off a star because the last time we were there we sat outside & had the worst service possible. We knew something was wrong when the hostess told the other hostess to sit us outside and she said, " uhh you sure him?" hah.The food was still amazing. Just the fact that it took them forever to bring us our wine at first & when we asked for the check ( From someone that wasn't our server, 'cause OUR server disappeared on us) it took longer as if we were waiting for more food!  We went to have brunch just this sunday and had a great time. I got the Eggs Oscar & he got the Chicken & Chorizo Benny. Add some coffee to the mix, Perfect. Server was awesome ( tall guy).    All in all, we love this place & our last visit just solidifies why we always come back.
5 Went here after i got married. We had 19 in our party and the servers were wonderful. All of us were really impressed. We even had a private room. Its a little expensive, but worth the extra dollars. My steak w/mashed potatoes and roasted veggies was around $30. The atmosphere is nice, its very laid back.  Thank god for the private room, we were able to stash away my very loud family of comedians!
1 I'm very dissapointed because I always go and have a drink with my wife at this restaurant, and I never had problems when I showed my id to the waiter, and now I come and the waiter says she can't take my id as valid because is from other country. Im only here for bussiness and everytime I go to vegas, I go to Brio so I'm wondering what they do with all the other tourist that are in vegas? Unfortunately my wife and I will never go back to such place. This is supposed to be a tourist friendly restaurant and we felt discriminated I only hope this didn't happen only because I'm not american.
3 Went for the Happy early happy hour.All the food items are $2.95 from a selective menu at the bar area so we tried a few. I enjoyed the Ravioli Caprese the Burger,ans the Shrimp and Eggplant. They were nice big portions and full of great flavors. The steak brushetta was ok, a liitle overwhelming with the cheese. I had 2 beers and my wife had a mixed dink and our bill was only$30. Great place to have a few drinks, a bite to eat and a cool scene if your lucky enough to get a seat on the couches outside. Give this place a try!
2 I'll explain the lack of stars.. eventually.    So, we arrived and were seated with only a short wait - and the waiting area had lots of very comfy seats so it wasn't much of an inconvenience at all.  The restaurant is beautifully decorated, with the standard Tuscan paint scheme.  Our servers arrived (one was apparently being trained).. though our waiter didn't introduce himself, the receipt said his name was Rhett so I'll just assume his trainee was Scarlett.  They were very friendly and helpful, and we ordered our meals.  Firstly, our beverages and their bread selection arrived.. the bread was good.  Then our appetizer arrived, the Duetto Toscano Tuscan Dips.  I had a bit of each, thought they were both good but the Chorizo Fonduta was the best of the two.  Hubby, however, went nuts and cleared the rest of the platter... yes, he loved them both quite a lot.. though he gave extra points to the same dip.  The chilled Pepper Formagio was good, just needed something more.. not sure what.  Just a note.. the over-attentive staff was incredibly prompt at grabbing empties off our table, keeping it clear.  Definite kudos to them for this.  Now, for the entrees.. mine was the Sweet Potato & Chicken Risotto..absolutely fantastic.  The blend of flavors & textures was incredible, it was a delight.  Hubby's meal, the Gorgonzola Crusted Bistecca, got rave reviews from hubby though it was overcooked and had to be redone.  No, I didn't taste it.. gorgonzola is evil.  They put mine on a warmer for the duration or replaced it, I have no clue which it was.  He also got the Lobster Bisque which was probably one of the best I've ever tasted.  His side dishes, the mashed potatoes and vegetables, were not particularly noticable.  Now, with the food being good, the service being fantastic, and the ambiance/decor being nice.. why only 3 stars?  Because it was COLD in there, to the point of teeth chattering, stuffed-up noses, shivering bodies.. and I was wearing jeans, a sweater, and sneakers.. clothing that should keep me warm enough in winter, let alone early September.  I only ate a few bites of my meal and had them package it up to bring home.. where I could actually enjoy the food instead of suffering through it.  And, though I complained many times (and they admitted that they were aware of the problem), nothing was done.  Additionally, the food was becoming rapidly chilled and cold risotto is not a good thing.  Perhaps the rest of the food isn't that good and they want people to dull their tastebuds with stuffed-up sinuses?  I have no clue, but I know that I was beyond thrilled when we finally left.  And yes, I had even gone outside during the recooking phase just so I could thaw out a bit, only to have it all undone when I returned.  So.. it was good food, good service, but I doubt if I'll ever want to return there again.. not without Uggs, a parka, and a warming plate for the food.  Overall experience.. miserable.
3 Love their happy hour , pasta's are OK .. very nice environment . Decent customer service , Always come here for a quick bite.
5 Review is for happy hour at the bar only. I've been to Brio a couple years ago and although its a beautiful place, the food was forgettable. Better than olive garden, but what isnt? Today was my first time there for happy hour and I may become a regular.   No drink specials except $5 martinis on Thursdays, but their cocktails are pretty reasonable. However they have one of the best food specials - a nice variety of things for $2.95. We went with the beef carpaccio, pepperoni sausage flat bread, brio burger and shrimp cocktail. I didn't expect much for the price, so it was a pleasant surprise that all of the food was a good sized portion and plated nicely.   Carpaccio was fresh and served with some greens on top - so perfect for a summer evening on the patio. Burger looked like those preformed Costco patties but it was cooked perfectly medium and yummy with a soft tasty bun. Flat bread was the perfect size for two and the dollops of I'm guessing goat cheese? on each piece was a great finish. Shrimp cocktail wasn't a typical cocktail - cocktail sauce on the bottom with tossed romaine and 4 or 5 ok sized shrimp on top. Everything in it was fresh and good. I'm betting it's a lot better than that sketchy 99cent shrimp cocktail downtown.   My friends white peach sangria was a little sweet, I loved my strawberry basil lemonade (non alcoholic). There were some issues with the bill re the drinks, but the manager was quick to take care of it. Service at the bar was pretty great - bartender was attentive, everything came out quickly. The manager seemed very hands on. He kept making sure we were ok, that our food was coming and immediately corrected the bill.   I may have to try Brio for lunch or dinner again soon. Hopefully that experience will be as good as today's.
3 All in all it was pretty good. The spinach artichoke dip was good, but the chips that it came out with,(pita chips), had to much seasoning on it already that didn't compliment the dip, so I didn't care much bout the chips, but the bread was delicious. The bread with the dip was yum. I ordered the Fettucini Napoli. It wasn't bad, but not great. I thought there was going to be chicken in my dish, i'm sure I read it had chicken in it, but all I got was ham as the meat. Kind of pricy for what I got, but I still ate it, with some hot sauce just because I was hungry. I probably won't eat hear again unless their was going to be a good reason for it. I am sure there are better places in the Town Square area where I ate.
4 I've been here a few times and really like it.  The food I've ordered has been really good.  They have a big menu with a ton of choices, which is always nice.  Even their dessert has a nice selection that compliments coffee or tea perfectly.  The restaurant itself is really nice too.  Its typical Tuscon decoration but it goes above and beyond.    I've always had good service here so I have no complaints about that (lets face it, any restaurant can have a bad waiter at any time).  There is patio dining as well which I like because I love to people watch.  It is a little bit pricy, but the food quality is better than most.   All in all Brio is enjoyable.
4 Went to Brio for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed the place. The house cab-merlot blend was really good and not expensive at all. We ordered the artichoke-spinach dip to start and the service was VERY fast. The dip was a very generous portion, plenty to feed 2 people. After the appetizer, we had the grilled salmon and shrimp and crab cakes, respectively. They were very flavorful and filling. Both of us were pleasantly surprised with the speed of service. I would most definitely come back to Brio.
5 My fiance and I went to Brio for our fourth anniversary.  We had nothing to complain about - the atmosphere, service, and temperature were really comfortable.  We ordered the artichoke-crusted beef medallions, bistecca insalata, and stuffed peppers.  The food came out faster than I expected and each course was well-timed.  The waiter did a great job keeping our table neat and checked on us appropriately.  Everything was cooked to perfection and very flavorful.  We had a great time and will return for another special occasion... we're poor college kids, so we can't really afford to be "regulars!"
1 Was at the Brio last night,the service was so bad,Hay brio what is wrong with u,,the food was good
4 Brio Tuscan Grille at Town Square is a nice Italian restaurant to take family and friends when  visiting Las Vegas for the first time.  The food is full of flavor and fresh. I eat there at least once month.  On Saturday I had brunch with a friend. My server Erika was friendly and informative of the entrees. She was concerned that I was ordering to much food since their portions are large, so she convinced me to split a Cesar salad with my friend instead of ordering one for myself.    Erika was right, it was too much food, I was stuffed after eating my Calamari appetizer,  Cesar Salad, and one omelet with roasted potatoes.  Yes!!! It was to much food.  Thanks Erika for having my back!  I also witnessed Erika's interaction with other patrons, and she was polite, professional and friendly with each encounter.   A few things I would recommend, is to offer refills on beverage service without me having to ask. Trying to flag someone down for a refill for my Arnold Palmer was annoying. In addition, when serving an appetizer for two, please bring serving utensils, it was difficult to serve ourselves without any cutlery or spoons for the sauce.  Brio should have a loyalty program for their regulars offering lower priced cocktails and food.   Cheers & Bon Appetite!!
3 This place is a-ok and I'm sort of a fan so I'll round it up to 3.5.    I don't go out of my way to come here, but occasionally I'll crave some beef carpaccio so I'll end up here.  I've had a few of their entrees and they were all very good.  The risotto here is really tasty and one of my favorites.  My only gripe is the portion.  I've asked servers if they do half portions and they've always responded with an "I don't know."  Don't know how hard it is to ask the chefs if its possible, but apparently it is.  For this reason I rarely ever order an entree to myself because it's such a waste.  I sometimes share one with my dining companion and the portion is enough to fill us both up.  The portions are definitely by the whole "chain" restaurant standard.  I think it would be nice to offer half portions for those who cannot devour a whole meal to themselves.  That said, I find myself coming more often just for their happy hour.  It's such an awesome deal.  $2.95 a plate!!!  They have a pretty big selection from their appetizers and the portions are still big enough to share that you won't need one plate for each person.  They also have $5 martinis.  The basil one is tasty but sorta too sweet.  I've also tried the sparkling raspberry and it's not so good.  It tasted like watered down raspberry vodka.  Happy hour is from Monday-Thursday (possibly Friday?) 3-7pm and again at 9-11pm.    Service is so, so.  Not the greatest but not the worst either.  Sometimes it seems like there's an excess of waitstaff.  I don't care too much of the ones I've gotten, they almost always seem rushed and uninterested.  The bar area is not that great either, but I dont expect much; it's whatevzzz.. can't complain at $2.95 lol.
2 i had a lousy piece of barely seasoned salmon over pasta and my wife had some bacon flavored garbage.....do not recomend this place unless u want phoney Italian
5 Where do I begin with this one!? Okay, I know - the atmosphere! The Town Square location is the grander of the two in the Las Vegas area.  There are dramatic high ceilings with beautifully draped material flowing from the rafters.  The place is huge and although there is a wait at times, it moves along quickly.  The food has been consistently good. Being Italian, I dislike Italian chain restaurants, but this is not one of them.  The ravioli is superb as is all of their pasta dishes judging from the reaction of our guests and our own experience.  Their desserts are wonderful, and they even have "tapas" size to make you feel less guilty.  The newest location in Summerlin is smaller and a little less showy than the Town Square site. However, this just makes it a totally different experience; same great food, but "cozier" feel.  Lots of fun on a Saturday when the Farmers Market sets up at the site!  For lunch or dinner, this place is a sure hit.
4 This place never let's me down. Consistent good food. I usually get the steak salad, which is always perfect. I try and sneak a couple bites of my friends food, so far I've tried the lasagna, shrimp risotto, both have been excellent. The bruschetta is the best in town. And the outside seating with fire pits puts this place on my number one list to eat at when I'm at town square. This is a pretty good spot for a chain restaurant.
5 This is as good as it gets for Happy Hour. I am only rating Happy Hour. Brio, Monday to Thursday, 9pm to close at the bar, $2.95 per Tuscan Taster, which are supposed to be appetizers but are the size of entrees. $5 Martini Thursdays can apply to the Tuscan Taster Happy Hour special, and if it's not Thursday, but you have a card to show that you're in the food and beverage industry, you can get $5 martinis even if it's not Thursday.   They used to have the Steak Bruschetta, but they took that off the menu and replaced it with the Mozzarella Red Pepper Bruschetta with Arugula. Anyway, to the food.  Brio Burger: ordered this at medium, came with crisp chips and a nice plain brioche bun. The meat was delicious and fresh. The chips were really crispy. Dip this in the tomato sauce of the  Ravioli Caprese: 3 pieces of ravioli, circular, with cheese topped with basil and tomatoes.   Beef Carpaccio: paper-thin slices of raw beef (about 6) with a little aioli, capers, some leafy greens, and a pizza-shaped slice of crisp flatbread. Everything was fresh and tasted great.  Sausage and Pepperoni Flatbread: Crisp flatbread baked in a wood-fire oven comes topped with bits of sausage and pepperoni cut into four triangles.  Food deserves 4 stars. Service from Nicole M. deserves 5 stars as we only had happy hour items and raspberry iced tea, but she still treated us like any other guest, and ambience and happy hour menu deserve 5 stars. I have been to Brio Tuscan Grille about 5 times for their night time happy hour.  Give this place a shot if you haven't tried it yet for happy hour. You'll be surprised - pleasantly while enjoying the view of the Colosseum and the background Italian music that so dearly reminds me of Firenze, Italia.
5 We came on the evening of Black Friday - there was a 20 minute wait for the indoor seating but they could seat us right away outdoors. We were hungry so we chose to brave the elements. It was a bit chilly - to be certain. We were glad for our jackets and I ordered a hot chocolate.  The decor was nice, outdoor tables could maybe use a few more heaters on the cold evenings. We loved the idea of the fire pit though it's not super comfortable for dining - better for drinks/appetizers I suspect.  We started with the ravioli appetizer. It was quite good, though perhaps could have used just a tad more tomato/marinara sauce.  I ordered the steak and I have to say it was one of the best steaks I've ever had. Perfectly cooked, much larger than I expected, perfectly seasoned.  Nicely done sides of mashed potatoes and vegetables.  Really outstanding. The rest of the table seemed to enjoy their dishes as well.  Service was friendly, professional and attentive.  He made a small mistake on the check in not crediting our free appetizer coupon but immediately recognized and fixed it with an apology.    The only downside I can think of was it being a bit chilly, but we can't fault Brio for the weather. Look forward to going back on our next trip to Vegas.
4 I love their  Happy Hour.
4 Get yourself to Brio for their $2.95 Happy Hour specials!  Their HH is Mon-Thurs from 3:30 - 6:30.  The best day of the week to go is Thurs when they have $5 martini night.  All of the HH food is fantastic, especially the Spicy Shrimp & Eggplant and the Roasted Garlic, Spinach, Artichoke Dip.  Make sure to arrive early because HH is only served at the bar & lounge and seating fills up fast.
3 Long story short:  The food was pretty good: 4 out of 5 The ambience/atmosphere: 5 out of 5 The service: 2 out of 5  Based off the reviews I'm reading from this place, the service is pretty mixed. You'll either get an attentive waiter who'll fulfill your needs or have someone who seems like they'd rather be at home than waiting tables. You can tell which type of waiter I got.  With that said, I'd come back though. The food is pretty amazing, but like I said, the service varies here.
4 A good time to go is during their Happy Hour. It's Mon-Thurs. 330-630. $5 Martini Thurs. Their HH menu is $2.95 per plate. They do give you pretty descent size portions of food so it's not disappointing. I've tried pretty much everything on the menu. I've also ordered the Dirty Vodka Martini (extra dirty). It's a must after work! :-) All in all, the food, drinks and service was very good!
3 I'm not the biggest fan of chain restaurants. Olive Garden, Cheesecake Factory, Outback--you catch my drift? To my palette, everything tastes the same--buttery & salty. I've sampled the Brio dinner menu on numerous occasions and I will not be returning for any entrees.  THE BAR: I frequent Brio for an entirely different reason: a half indoor / half outdoor bar that brings refinement to the ever frowned upon day drinking. In the Spring & Summer, I can be seen in my designer heels relaxing by the bar with a book, sipping on a glass of over-priced shiraz or moscato on a bright, sunny Tuesday afternoon. Town Square is such a pleasant place. A little pop-up of class down the street from what I consider to be the tackiest shopping mall in Las Vegas (Premium Outlets South).   BAR FOOD: I can't help but jump for joy at cheap food. Brio has a bar menu that's only $2.95 a plate. I've sampled everything on that menu. At 3 bucks a pop, I think I can afford to do so. Serving size is pretty big too. I always order the beef carpaccio: thin-slices of raw beef drizzled with olive oil and other delectables. The flat-breads and ravioli are mediocre. The spicy shrimp is too salty. The burger is a burger. And the ravioli is pretty basic. Then again, at those prices I wouldn't expect anything too fancy.  In short, olive garden food at cheap prices, alcohol, and a pleasant drinking environment to make your day-drinking the slightest bit more upscale.
4 Lunch (soup and a salad) for under $15.  The service was very good and the food was excellent.  We will be back
4 For happy hour, it is one of the best in Town Square. Monday-Friday 3:30-6:30 and Monday-Thursday 9-close. They have a set menu of certain appetizers for $2.95. A few of these dishes will make for a perfectly good meal. The special is only good for the bar and it is first come, first serve. Since the weather is getting chillier, it is easy to get a seat on the outdoor side. They close the curtains and turn on heat lamps, so it is not bad.  The offerings consist of Beef Carpaccio, Spinach Artichoke Dip, two styles of Flatbread, Fried Raviolis (3 large pieces), a Burger (cut into quarters for sharing), Spicy Shrimp with Eggplant, and Shrimptini (Shrimp Cocktail). The carpaccio was my favorite and so inexpensive.The burger was also good. It is very simple, topped with cheese and a special sauce with a few chips. I usually like mine with all sorts of veggies, but this was nothing to frown upon. The raviolis were the last item I had ordered and they were decent. Getting three of these dishes makes for a perfect dinner and will cost less then $10.   I looked at the rest of their regular menu and many of the pastas were cream based or had it as a listed ingredient. I like my pastas to be on the lighter side, so I tend to skip on them here.
4 Eggplant pomodoro was soooooo KILLIN'! Service was nice and attentive, no wait for a table, and there wasn't an unhappy diner at our table.
3 The experience was a bit rocky.  It was nice to see the place so busy on a late Wednesday night however, it seemed to me no one was communicating.  When we arrived, they told me it would be 10 minute wait.  We waited more like 20 minutes before getting seated which is ok but we had asked for a booth and they tried to seat us at  a round set for 6 when there was two of us in the party.  Directly across from the table was a dirty booth.   After being sat, 10 minutes go by with no sign of service.  When we did finally get someone to the table, he dropped of bread and left without one word.  We watched server after server walk by without anyone coming over.   A table that sat down after us (across from us) got service well before us.  It had to be at least 15 minutes until our waiter arrived.  Once he got there, he apologized for the wait.  It was smooth sailing from there.  For a chain restaurant, the food was good.  The Harvest Salad had great flavors however, needed more cheese.   I think I will sit at the bar next time.  May be the service there will be better.
5 Brio You made me order way too much good food Highlights: Tomato Mozzarella Flatbread- yummers ITALIAN wedding meatball-yessers Chicken Pomodoro and Milanese- ok I eat a lot of chicken, and I will always prefer chicken. BOTH of these dishes are great  Dessets- I love chocolate anything and all their mini desserts are awesome  This place is always packed but they seat you pretty fast.  I can't wait to come here again, very nice, romantic and lots of good looking people come here  THE END :)
5 I can't say enough good things about Brio Tuscan Grille.  I recently ate there with my husband and kids. The food was fantastic and, even though, the atmosphere indicates a more upscale restaurant, my kids were welcomed with no hesitation.  The chocolate dessert that I shared with my daughter was out of this world - so gooey and delicious.  I can't wait to go back.
4 Brio is a chain Italian restaurant. I would rate it a step above Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill. Although I'm not usually a fan of chain restaurants, there are so many other places to eat! But the reason I like Brio is because they have a great happy hour menu.   On Thursdays during HH, martinis are just $5 and the HH food menu has really delicious small plates for only $2.95 each! The girls and I usually order one of everything (don't judge) and justify all that food by telling ourselves it's ok because we're eating early aka during HH time. Some of my favorite small plates are:  -pepperoni flat bread -spicy shrimp and eggplant -spinich and artichoke dip  Brio is worth a try for HH with friends.
5 Came here the other night and MAN! Is this place worth yelping over or what. First of all, great ambiance, great location.   The menu had lots of choices and was very busy. We were on our way to the airport and told out waiter that we were kind of in a rush. He punched in our food and it came out I would say within ten minutes. I was extremely impressed.  Not only did the food come out timely and our server was very attentive, but the food was DELICIOUS! I had the Tuscan Harvest Salad and it was so delicious. It had chicken, bacon, dried cranberries, fresh apples, and a nice vinaigrette to top it along with other things that I can't remember.  For the price, this restaurant exceeded my expectations and I will DEFINITELY be coming back!
4 I thought this place was great.  I flew into Las Vegas and my client brought me to this restaurant.  We all shared the Brio Bruschetta Quattro and the mussels appetizer.  Both were excellent.  I ended up having the Grilled Shrimp with Orzo.  The shrimp had a nice kick to it and the orzo was cooked perfect.  Others had the Pasta Brio.  They loved it.  I'd have to say the service was okay.  They were busy though and we sat outside.  I'll definitely be back net time I'm in Las Vegas.
4 When I hit up Vegas I don't usually hit up restaurants.  I know some of you are probably thinking... Why not?  Don't they have tons of great restaurants out in the City of Gluttony?   True that... But!  Remember!  This is also home to endless scrumptious buffets as well!  How can I let that slide right?  Ok... so I ended up at a restaurant this time around... Buffets I'll see you on my next trip.  Stopped by this hidden shopping plaza near the South end of the strip... Yes!  There is one real nice shopping mall and it's not an outlet!  (Town Square)  This plaza is totally nice and especially during the winter time coz it's got such a cozy feel to it... since we were looking for food, we came, we searched, and we landed at Brio Tuscan Grille.  Initially I thought I wasn't going to like it, but I'm glad that I was wrong.  Let me tell you why this is definitely a place that I'd go back again...  Décor:  Awesome!  Interior design at this place rivals those at the Grand Lux café except much fancier!  Dim, beautiful lighting, and awesome outdoor patio with a fire pit for a nice little gathering should you have a large party.  Food was actually more tastier than I was expecting...  Here were just the few that I've sampled  -Calamari:  Flash fried to perfection with aioli dipping sauce, yum! -Penne Gorgonzola:   Off the hook good with just the right amount of sauce -Fettuccine Rustica:  Just ok... not enough sauce for my taste -Chipotle Chicken and Bacon Panini:  One of the best sandwiches I've had!  The bread was toasted beyond perfection to a point that it is crispy yet chewy!!! Not sure how that happened but I really need to try more paninis and see if they all taste this good!  Then the chipotle flavor coupled with load of chicken was just awesome!  (Yes, this was my dish!)  Service was wonderful too!  Water was always filled to the rim without requesting them to come by to do so, and they also allow dogs to be right by the gate so our buddies can share some food with us!  (not inside but at least near us)  Price:  Very reasonable!  Majority of the dishes for lunch runs no more than $15 and good portions too!  If you are in the Sin City and craving Italian, do help your wallet a favor by giving this place a visit instead of some fancy Italian joint inside the casino... you won't regret it!
3 Yet another date tonight... but this time I'm with 4, or should I say 5. Some good friends are in town and invited us to a nice dinner. I started with calamari which I always enjoy. For dinner I had a Caesar salad and mushroom ravioli. I will say there was nothing here I loved!! But I did however think it was cute that the waiter insisted on my free salad that btw dude, came with my meal anyways.. finishing the meal off with red velvet cake, yummm!! Would defiantly eat here again. Not sure I would bring a date though.. actually I'm not coming back. :)
3 Ordered to-go for a group of people at work. When I arrived, the hostess was rude and kept trying to look around me at people coming in. She handed me my bill, and when I handed it back with the credit card - she replied that it would be a few minutes in a snobby tone.   The food was fine... probably the only thing that made me round up to 3 stars.   Strawberry Balsamic Chicken Salad - good, lots of chicken, could use a little more Gorgonzola cheese.   I also noticed that the Fettuccine Rusticca looked good.   To go order was well prepared with utensils and napkins. Also included a bag of bread and crackers - both were pretty good.
5 Great food, wonderful atmosphere and fantastic service. The Chef's appetizer special - bruschetta with pinot noir caramelized onions - was incredible. And the key lime shooter desert just the right amount as well as final touch to a wonder meal. The outdoor seating with fire pit adds to the enjoyable experience. Pricing was as indicated - $$, a great value and well worth every penny. I definitely would come back and highly recommend.
5 One of the best spots for lunch! They're always busy but always get seated within 5 minutes of arrival. Spring/Summer, I love to sit outside on the patio and people watch while eating their yummy brunch/lunch menu. My go-to place to salad lunches!  -Spicy Shrimp & Eggplant: to die for! the black pepper cream sauce, you will never get enough! the size is big enough to order as an entree -BBQ Chicken Flatbread: love the smoked gouda and the peppers -Lobster Bisque: THE BEST LOBSTER BISQUE IN TOWN HANDS DOWN! i have to order an extra basket of bread if i order this. -BRIO's Sliced Steak Salad: gorgonzola and candied pecans!! sometime i like to replace the steak with salmon.  -Tuscan Harvest Salad: very refreshing salad that is very light but delicious
5 Definitely worth a try, great food and Perino on tap, my favorite beer.
5 Great place, great food, great service. And all for a decent price.
4 Yes, its a chain restaurant, but probably one of the best ones that makes you feel like you are fine dining.   Although there is always a wait at the Town Square location, its worth it.  The carpaccio is one of best in the city... Don't be shocked when you see the platter it is served on.. For a meal for one, it's perfect.  My friends had the grilled salmon and pasta. No complaints..  As for the kids menu, WOW... a large selection with great portions to eat now, and lunch for tomorrow.  The service was great, and I love the decor! Great place for a nice family dinner!
4 Good food and service. Not the best, but a lot better then Olive Garden or Macaroni Grille.
5 Duh Solid!  I love their ambiance and their food is very tasty.  I've heard complaints that it is a chain resto but seriously doesn't feel like there is any lack of service.  The waiters are usually very well mannered and competent.  One quick tip is to check out their Happy hour (even on friday nights!) totally worth it and the prices on the food is RIDICulous for the quality you get!
4 Lovely decorated, roomy and classy. Food prices were pretty legit for an upscale restaurant. Food selection was ample, ranging from steak, to breakfast, to lotsssss of different pastas.   Our waiter was kind of rushed and cold, but he warned up somewhat towards the very end...he looked like he hadn't slept in weeks and his attitude reflected it.   Try the fried calamari with aioli sauce!
5 Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (33 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!  This 5 star review is for their Sunday Brunch. Although, I can say that their week night dinners there are just as yummy.  But their Brunch I have to say, is super yummy!  For dinner, I like their lobster ravioli; exceptional!  As for my lovely brunch, they mix their early morning mimosas and bloody mary's real well.  They have like 3 different kinds of eggs benedicts.  My friends and I decided to order all of them to to try.  We had your normal canadian bacon, another one with shrimp and crab, and a very different one: chorizo and chicken.  All of them were so good.  You must try them all!  To top off our buffet of eggs benedicts, we shared the Rasberry creme stuffed French Toast.  Nice 3 big slices that we each had or own good individual piece.  All of this was to die for.  We will definitely be back for Sunday brunch!    Fair warning: there is quite a wait for the brunch.
3 Pretty delicious reasonably prices. Went for brunch. The chips with the chipotle chicken sandwich not the best rather have had fresh fruit instead.
5 Absolutely fantastic place!  My wife and I were recently in Las Vegas and stopped by here with a friend.  The server was excellent...and even brought some pizza dough to occupy my daughters attention!  I had a bruschetta sampler that was amazing.  Their wine selection was excellent.  We were even visited at our table by the executive chef.  After all was said and done, he paid for our meal and drinks!  Food, service, and decor all top notch in my book.  I do not give 5 star ratings easily!
3 This is in the Town Center in the front center area.  This means hard to park.  Big place (this is Vegas) and good food.  Italian affair so think pasta.  I emptied my pasta plate with a glass of Cab.  'nuff said.  The service is FAST to keep the tables turn so if there is a wait it won't be long.  It's a good place for a high calorie satisfying meal with a reasonable cost.  Seems fitting in LV because you come here to indulge and splurge.  Mangia!
4 I always have a good meal when I'm here. Service is great, pretty big place so don't have to wait a while and they have an amazing HAPPY HOUR! Its too bad its mon-thurs because i'm always free on fridays.. but most of their food during happy hour is So incredibly cheap i end up getting all!! My faves: Harvest Salad Tomato Bisque Soup Vodka Pasta Shrimp and Eggplant thingy.. (forget the name, its an appetizer) Must try the above listed.. its amazing~! So good that i didn't know it was a chain restaurant. Good job BRIO! **Not the best place for Vegan, but can be vegetarian friendly.
4 Brio has a great atmosphere.  The food is delicious and our server was fantastic.  It was very noisy, so it is extremely hard to hear anyone, even the server...that was the only minus..everthing else was wonderful.
5 We were there for a birthday party. Service was great, as was the food. We really enjoyed ourselves and the ambiance contributed to the good time.
2 Arrival: Five or six girls dressed in black, waiting around doing a whole lot of nothing.  Chatting among themselves.  No personality.  It was nice, I felt like I was in a fancy, posh restaurant!  Our Seat:  They must have had about 15-20 extra waiters and staff sort of loitering around the restaurant.  It was super awkward.  Here's what is more awkward: having those waiters hovering over your table, waiting for their orders from the cafeteria (or was it a kitchen?), talking about clubs, their nights, conquests and misc. other adventures.  Appetizers:  Very good.  Let's say B+.  Stuffed peppers.  Best part of the meal.  Entrees:  This was where it just got bad.  Two terrible entrees.  Mezza Chicken Limone tasted like I was eating straight egg.  Zero flavor unless you ate a moutful of salt and capers.  Do yourself a favor, if you want a chain Italian restaurant in Las Vegas, head on over to the Macaroni Grill and save yourself some time and money.  (Yes, it was bad enough for me to recommend Macaroni Grill)
5 If I could give ten stars I would!  Brio staffers, including Nova as the coordinator of our wedding reception, were phenomenal.  I was not able to get them our place cards before the event, and they not only improvised where I had not provided these, but they made everything beautiful for our reception.  The food was amazing (guests LOVED the menu) and the service was truly exceptional.  The staff took time to make the centerpieces look perfect, the cake table decorated with their attention to detail and everyone just made our guests feel pampered and special.  After all this, the prices are some of the most reasonable on the strip.  We will be repeating our vows again, and will definitely be long-time fans of this restaurant and staff!
1 To start, -1 star for repeat violations, all three violations were repeated from last visit. -2 Server chewing gum while folding dinner napkin (essentially spiting on everyone's napkin THANKS, -3 runner bringing out food when we are only half way done with our salads (I had to ask him to take the hot food back, which when it did come out it was just warm oh well, he was just going to leave it on our table where it would have turned cold by the time we got to it, c'mon man I know it's not fine dinning, but it's not Olive Garden either), -4 pantry cooks using single use food handlers gloves improperly (really scary, if you don't know how to use them correctly, they are actually worse than bare hands). I like your food, but please these are all training and management issues. The last time on our way out I passed a Manager who asked how everything was and I told him. This time no one asked, so know I'm telling everyone. PLEASE FIX THESE ISSUES WE LIKE YOUR FOOD, BUT UNLESS THESE ISSUES ARE FIXED I'LL JUST FIND SOME PLACE ELSE TO SPEND MY MONEY.
5 Mushroom ravioli is my favorite!!
1 Changed the happy Hour from 3-6:30 instead 3-7 Not 2.95 any more its 3.95$  &&& My bruschetta is gone. Sad so sad. I really Loved the bruschetta with bellpepper.   I like the New menu but bring the Old One back.  raising the Price is Not a Great idea. :-((( its just 1$ but if you Order 6 items or more then its 6$ more.
5 one of my favorite places to eat at hands down!
5 I always enjoy my time here. The food and ambiance is amazing. What I order: Artichoke Crusted Fliet Mignon with mashed potatoes, house salad, Shrimp Verduta (angel hair tossed in artichokes, shrimp, garlic, sun dried tomatoes, feta, spinach, with pesto and bread crumbs), and their white peach sangria. My family usually orders all of these and splits. My mom always asks if I want to check out other restaurants when I am back home, but I always insist on going to Brio.
5 I could eat here three times a week. Since I don't live close by I always seem to order the same thing. The beef carpaccio and spicy shrimp and eggplant are so good it is hard to go off the beaten path. The desserts are all delicious especially the tiramisu and cheesecake with berries. The wine list also has a lot of great options. There is not a better option the next time your at Town Square.
3 ** Review is of bar seat-yourself Happy Hour ONLY **  My friend and I decided on Brio for a happy hour this past Monday. I was pretty excited to try it because I've heard really good things about their happy hour.   When I arrived, it was PACKED. I could not find a seat at the bar, which was a bit disappointing, but I did find one of the tall tables around the bar. Just to note - you can ONLY get the happy hour at the bar or the tall tables around the bar area.   The table was still dirty when I sat down at it, but since it is "first come, first serve" I could not wait around for it to be cleaned off as people around me were quickly snagging up empty seats and tables. However, the busser did come by soon after I sat down and cleaned up.  To begin I ordered the Peach Sangria, which I must admit was delicious and a very good portion for a happy hour. The drinks are $5 and while that is not a bad price, it did not entice me to partake of more than one beverage while I was there. Soon after my drink arrived, so did my friend and when the waitress came around again we were all ready to order.  I had the Brio Burger and the Artichoke Dip. As for the burger, I ordered it medium well, and it was cooked okay. The burger itself was nothing special. On the menu it is noted the burger comes with "special chips". This means kettle cooked chips. And when they say "chips" they mean 4 or 5 chips. Literally. My plate had 4 chips on it.   Next - artichoke dip - it was too salty, but a decent texture and served piping hot. The pita chips were good, but they provide you with way too many for the small amount of artichoke dip they give you.   My friend also had the burger AND she had the spicy shrimp, which she said was not very spicy. She didn't finish the plate, so I assume they weren't very good.  In the end, would I go back? Yes. Why? Because it's a cheap happy hour and the sangria was good. The food was less than stellar, but I'd be willing to try something else off the menu. On a return visit if I was still meandering at just a 3 star rating, I probably would not return.
4 Went here on a Saturday night with a friend.  I was impressed.  The wait to officially sit outside was like 45 minutes so we opted to go to the outside bar and found a table there.  There was waiter service.  We had a few cocktails and ordered an appetizer and a salad to share.  It was just what I had hoped for for a girls night out.  The cocktails were interesting and very tasty.  The food was good, and what you would expect from a place like this.  The outdoor patio was nice and the service was good.  We implied that we wanted to just drink and be mellow and he left us alone for the most part.    I would go again, very nice place.
4 Brio surprised me with their fresh, delicious food and large portion sizes.  I've been to both the Town Square and Tivoli Village locations, and both are quite pretty inside, reminiscent of the Cheesecake Factory in style.    My favorite starter is the spicy shrimp and eggplant: shrimp over romano crusted eggplant in a black pepper cream sauce, amazing!    For entrees, the lasagna bolognese is HUGE and very delicious, it could easily serve 2 people!  It's layers of noodles in a bolognese sauce topped with alfredo and romano/mozzarella cheese, yum.  If you're looking for something lighter, I would absolutely recommend the grilled salmon salad.  The salmon is cooked perfectly, and sits atop spring greens, asparagus, tomatoes, feta cheese, and crispy shoestring potatoes in a balsamic vinaigrette.  The combination of textures and flavors is really delicious and satisfying, without being too heavy.  The only entree I haven't liked here was the shrimp verduta.  The kids menu is quite impressive as well.  We ordered the salmon ($6.95) for our daughter, it came with a large piece of grilled salmon, mashed potatoes (or sub french fries in our case), steamed broccoli and a drink of her choice.  I could have made a meal of this, it was delicious!  They have other options: chicken parmesan, grilled chicken, lasagna, mac and cheese, burgers and pizzas.    We've ordered catering from here in the past, and it is a great deal!  We ordered the lasagna bolognese, the lobster and shrimp fettucine (shrimp and lobster in a spicy lobster butter sauce) and the pasta brio (penne pasta with chicken, mushrooms, and a roasted red pepper sauce), all for $160.  It comes with a tray of fresh bread, a tray of their crispy flatbread, and we also had a coupon for a free dessert tray with a $100 order.  They gave us a generous serving of their tiramisu.  Each tray serves 6-8 people, and we had enough for 14 people with tons of leftovers.  Everyone had a different favorite pasta, so it was enjoyed by all!
1 I am currently eating at Brio in Las Vegas' Town Square Mall. I am not sure if this was an off day but the service was  not good. I had to ask for items repeatedly. The food was OK but nothing to scream about. Overall,I am disappointed and will not come back. You rarely get a second time to make a first impression.
2 Meh.  I'm not a fan of Italian, but I can eat good Italian.  This was not it.  It felt Macaroni Grill-esque.  The food was heavy and unimaginative.  When I told the waiter I liked Sangria he suggested something not on the menu, I am not joking when I tell you it tasted like a wine cooler.  I'm was thoroughly unimpressed, and shocked that it was so busy.
2 Had shrimp vertuta, sauce was like soup. The chopped salad starter was wilted. What Italian uses feta cheese on pasta and salads anyway. Service was good, food was Horrible! Not even remotely authentic! Never again!
4 A word of warning, this is not what most would consider authentic Italian, and I agree. It isn't. However, it's still tasty enough for me to enjoy and want to come back! Parking is a hassle since it's in the Town Center but just park in the lot about 3 blocks away and you're fine. Assuming you don't mind a bit of a walk in Vegas weather.  I had the Pasta Alla Vodka and it was tasty. It was ricotta filled with pieces of pancetta and a spicy tomato cream sauce. I do feel there could have been a bit more pancetta. The garlic was almost too absent to be considered a big contributor to the dish, which disappointed me because I'm a big garlic fan.   They have some really interesting cocktails which unfortunately i wasn't able to sample since we were driving back after lunch.   Decor is nice and dishes maybe be more than moderately priced. Came for lunch and it was about $16 plates.   But I'll def be back
3 The desserts. Delicious. The setting was upscale casual, food was good, nothing superb, but overall a good place to enjoy a nice dinnner
4 Italian food inspired by Tuscany...well, I've never been to Tuscany but I do love Italian food and I wouldn't say the flavors seemed that authentic but I enjoyed my meal and service. Went for brunch on a Sunday and our group was seated fairly quickly. The clean and beautiful decor captured my eye. There was a bridal shower going on next to our table and they were taken care of nicely by the servers.  Our waitress and waiter were attentive and friendly. Started off with bread and butter, would have liked some oil and vinegar because that makes me think Italian. After looking at their menu for 15 minutes, because I couldn't decide from all the amazing choices, I ordered the Tuscany Harvest Salad. Came with grilled chicken,  mushrooms, bacon, almonds, Gorgonzola cheese, apples, dried cranberries, crispy lavoush, and Tuscan dressing. It was DELICIOUS!   I still had room for dessert and their dessert platter had a nice variety so I went with the BRIO's Famous Cheesecake which was creamy and topped with caramalized sugar and creme anglaise. Every bite I took made me fall in love all over again.   Their brunch menu has some great choices and I would not mind returning to this place or hosting a dinner party. Good choice, glad we yelped it. It's located in a town center so parking can be a pain but there are plenty of shops to walk around in.
2 Friday night was the second time I've visited this place. Atmosphere was nice, pretty dark, servers were very attentive but the food was not something that I would go back for. Especially a third time. Prices are pretty high but I was out with a friend and didnt have the family so that was ok. But the food once again was just mediocre. I ended up having the Sweet Potato & Chicken Risotto. Sauce drowned everything out and made it very soggy tasting...The only thing that made up for the food was that I wasnt paying and my peach bellini (AMAZING)...
5 Try the spicy shrimp egg-plant! Yum!
3 Service is okay. We had reservations and were not seated for 30 minutes. Manager came to our table (16 in our party) and sincerely apologized. She sent us 6 appetizers. Nice recovery. Our server was good, not great. I had to ask twice for a refill, and he forgot my side of veggies.   Quality of food is good. All hot and fresh. However, nothing special. Everyone in our party agreed food was good but not great.  Prices are too high. We don't mind paying high prices for great food, service, and experience. Brio did not quite make the grade.
3 I have been here several times and I have mixed reviews about this place. There are times when I have been here where the food and the service is just not up to par and the last time I was here, was not any different.     I brought my sister here for her birthday dinner. We decided to sit outside since they had the misters outside turned on to cool things down a bit. We didn't order any appetizers but we decided to get drinks. The peach and raspberry sangria with moscato in it not only looked good but it was very refreshing. My sister ordered the shrimp risotto and I ordered the angel hair pasta with pesto sauce and shrimp. The risotto dish seemed fine, each dish had jumbo shrimp in it but my pasta was dry and had little to no sauce on it.      In the middle of our dinner, the restaurant decided to turn the misters off, even though it was only 7:30. At that point, it just got too hot and uncomfortable to even enjoy our meal. We were just ready to go but our waiter seemed really busy so we just sat out there in heat waiting for him to come by with our check.      May be next time I come here, I will sit inside so I am not melting in the heat and can try to enjoy my meal.
1 I had heard good things about this place and was really excited to try it but my experience was awful. I never write negative reviews but this was exceptionally terrible. The waitress acted like she was bothered serving us, she almost stabbed my mother (slid a sharp knife across the table instead of handing it) and didn't bring us silverware after we asked several times (not sure why it wasn't already on the table). Anyway the food was mediocre at best, I've had better Italian food at Olive Garden. I had a Caesar salad, but I tried the chicken and penne ala vodka. My chicken was burnt and the others were just ok. Aside from a hair in the food and sticky silverware. Will not visit again.
4 I walked in and felt like i was in a hotel. Maybe bellagio cafe or something. not sure. But it didnt feel like any italian restaurant ive ever been to. not that thats a bad thing. the bread they put on the table was somewhat epic. im not sure ive ever said that about bread, but it was. the butter was on the sweeter side but the bread was so good it didnt need butter. for an entree i ordered the chicken pomodoro classico. probably the best pasta dish ive ever had in vegas. Direct from the menu..."Angel hair with grilled chicken, tomatoes, pine nuts, basil, Parmigiano-Reggiano and pesto drizzle 14.15"...yum. the pine nuts were a really nice touch.  what i dont understand though is why they dont have gingerale. the waitress was really sweet and tried to make it by mixing pepsi with sprite. but it didnt taste like gingerale. so i just had a pepsi.   overall really good for lunch. im told lunch here is better than dinner. who knows. get gingerale!
2 I've been 4 times now.  I continue to have a "meh" opinion.  Food is OK.  Certainly overpriced.  Comparable in quality to other chain Italian joints but higher in price.  The service is always great and the happy hour is really nice.  Worth a visit but don't expect GREAT food.
2 Really? I'm confused by all the glowing reviews. Brio is basically a glorified OG. Everything stinks of a chain Italian restaurant. I did appreciate the fact that they were very accommodating to our need for a speedy lunch. I had a flat bread pizza which was just fine. Tasted nothing like a true Neopolitan thin crust pizza, but its bastardized Italian food and for what it was it was just fine. If you're a fan of the OG this may be the place for you- plus they have a fantastic patio for outdoor dining.
5 Brio Is just one of THE BEST places to go for happy hour! You sure do get your fillings with only ordering all their Tuscan Tasters. I mean $3.95 appetizers and $5 martinis, sangria, and wine? How could you beat that? You'd really have to decide which would come first, a food coma or a drunken state.  My personal faves here are the Beef Carpacio, Ravioli Caprese, and the Eggplant. For the drink specials-it's all about the Peach Sangria, and the Mojito. Best believe they don't hold back on the alcohol either!  Also, their angus burger which is also on the happy hour menu is definitely a double BANG for your buck. I took my aunts here for happy hour and just got a kick out of it1 They loved the decor, and the ambiance, and most of all they loved that they were full off of yummy appetizers.   Our server was also very helpful and friendly. She even went out of her way to separately send out our dishes so we weren't overwhelmed with food. Not like thats a bad thing or anything!  I will crave you again soon Brio.
5 One of my best dining experiences ever!!!!  What could be better than a pleasant and romantic Las Vegas night with your BF in a place with world class service, ambience and food? I am not exaggerating! You heard it - world class! I simply did not expect this at all - it was that great!  From the moment we walked around the beautiful exterior of the restaurant and sat in the waiting area and got to see the gorgeous interior of the restaurant I had a great feeling the experience would be great - but it actually excelled that expectation!  We were seated quickly even though we were told we would wait a bit longer. I could not help but look at the pretty earth toned surroundings while my BF and I chatted away. I had read that the risotto was great here so I looked for it on the menu but could not find it. Well, the waiter overheard that I was looking for the risotto and he said that he would see if they could make it for me anyway. WOW!!!! Double WOW actually, because he came back soon and said that they would make it for me!   The bread basket here is just great! They kept it coming too! They serve a thin crisp bread which is just divine!  Their iced tea is great and it kept coming too! We never had to ask for anything. The waiter was always looking to make our meal just perfect! You should have seen us drink it too! The hot desert night made us so thirsty!  My shrimp risotto with red pepper was a dream of a dish! The rice was just right and the creamy sauce was ever so tasty! The shrimp were fresh and cooked to perfection! I am not a big fan of any kind of pepper but they integrated the pepper into the dish ever so subtly and created just the right level of spiciness! It is like they read my mind! OMG!!!!  My BF had grilled shrimp, steak and chicken. It was soooo tender and juicy that I just wanted to cry tears of the utmost food ecstasy! It all had a really nice grilled taste to it too!  This place was recommended to us by a good friend of my BF and he really impressed me with his taste on this one! Thanks Pedro!  Parking is no issue since Brio Tuscan Grille is located in a large mall. There is outdoor seating as well. Great for people watching! Let no one fool you - this is no average Italian restaurant!
4 happy hour- yummy I love the white sangria and the flat bread pizza spicy shrimp and eggplants it was good crispy shrimp piccante- excellent
5 Great Happy Hour, great service, really nice outdoor area, no-charge valet parking very near, many little shops near.
5 Although this is an Italian chain restaurant, I really think Brio is above the rest of its chain competition.  An old friend reached out to me the other day and suggested we do dinner, so we decided to visit this place last night.    The place is dramatic.  There's linen draping the entire top of the inside.  The lighting is dim and super intimate.  Great place for a date!  Our server was cordial and didn't bother us much during our meal.  I appreciate very personable service and a lot of interaction, so it was a little quiet for my taste, but not bad to say the least.    Tonight, we got a bottle of the Tavolo Matto (house brand) pinot grigio.  It was good enough for a house wine at $24 for the bottle.  I also go the sweet potato & chicken risotto for $17.65 which is a weird price.  One thing I can always count on Brio to deliver is an awesome risotto!  So creamy and perfect!  I LOVED the big chunks of sweet potato, asparagus and chicken.  Brio tends to change what they add into their risottos however, I don't mind.  Whatever they add, I know is always good.  I don't tend to visit this place often because I consider it on the higher end of my budget.  I don't really think spending $30 a meal (including drinks) is spending my money effectively, however, it's a great place to visit once in a while.  Tonight was a special occasion and I'm convinced that Brio will be a great place to return to on another occasion!
1 Food was great.... service was horrible!  I've eaten at Brio many times and always love the place.  I went with my daughter yesterday for dinner. We were promptly seated by the host. We waited 10 mins for our waiter to come over. She took our order. We never got bread. Our drinks came timely. Got our appitizers timely. Main course took forever! And the waiter never came back! I sat there with no drink refill for 45 minutes. We literally never saw our waitress after she delivered our drinks (meals are brought by other staff). I had to ask another waiter for our check and he tell us "sorry I'm not your waiter". He gets our waiter and she brings the check over. I put my credit card in it and leave it on the table. 20 minutes go by and she still doesn't take it!!! Rediculous!  Did I leave a tip... yes I did... $0.01. That's right I left a 1 cent tip because that's all this waitress deserved!
4 Although the service was somewhat spotty (it was very busy), the food was delicious enough to warrant putting up with it. The Lobster Bisque soup was orgasmic! I also thoroughly enjoyed their Grilled Salmon Salad. I have been to Brio several times in the past and have always found the food to be enjoyable and reasonably priced for the portion and quality. The only downfall is the service; it is generally inconsistent.
2 So we eat at Brio at least once a week.  Food is great, servers know us, and it is generally a great experience.  However, every time we go we order the Pasta Yandolino.  It is no longer on the menu but they ALWAYS make it.  EXCEPT our last visit when the "chef just didn't feel like making it..."  Not out of ingredients, not we just can no longer offer it since it is not on the menu, etc.  The waiter, who is very cool, said the chef was just being moody and said he didn't want to offer it anymore or "didn't feel like making it today"  WRONG ANSWER buddy...I'm sure it means nothing cause the place does have great food and is always busy but you just don't do that to your regular customers.  Food is a 5, Chef is a 0!!!
5 Great service and even better food!
4 Awesome place to go for happy hour. Great food, drinks, and reasonable prices.
3 I arrived today at 11am & was greeted with a warm welcome from the very tall hostess.  She was sweet & had a nice smile, too.    We were seated within 5 minutes and our waitress seemed sweet, as well.  We ordered our food & i go the salmon w/ angel hair lunch entree.  I dont remember the exact name for it (but thats what it had).  Anyways, our food arrived and all I could see was how oily the pasta was. GAA-ROOSSS. Good thing, I was hungry and didnt eat any breakfast, yet. So i ate at least half of my entree, but  after eating all that oily pasta, I wanted to barf.  The salmon was cooked almost perfectly & I enjoyed it.    The waitress was so great, either.  Though she seemed sweet she never came back to check on us and took forever getting the check to us.  I dont know if I would come back here again, since this is the second time I tried Brio but who knows, I think I might try it at least one last time.  Hopefully, the third time is a charm
4 Was walking by this place one night with the hubby when I saw the outside guest eating some calimari.  It looked so tasty that we had to go and have some.  SO glad that we did.  Not only was the calimari very good but the lobster bisque was good as well.  Wish that it had bigger pices of lobster in it but still very tasty.   My raspberry mojito was ok.  Raspberry flavor was very weak.
4 Decided to try this place out per the mountain of good reviews.  Had excellent food and the service from Geoff was AWESOME! Per other Yelper reviews, we got the Bruschetta Quartro!  Totally recommend! I tried the lobster pasta and my husband got the pork.  Both excellent. The only reason I gave 4 starts was because we ordered salads and never got them.  However Geoff was awesome and took the salads off our bill and provided us a free dessert:)
3 It is your traditional Olive Garden type restaurant. Service was pretty good. Food was mediocre. I ate there, probably won't go back. It just wasn't that outstanding. If you're looking for a nice relaxing place to eat outdoors, this is a pretty place.   At the risk of sounding like a fake Yelper....let me tell you about a place I found nearby that was AMAZING. Check out Rice Trax. Wish they'd been open on Sunday, then I wouldn't have had to eat at Brio. ;-)
1 Mediocre at best!! If you are looking for bland food and people watching Brio is the place to go..  I've had dinner in the past... It was awful then.. So I thought I would try lunch nearly  24 months later..  Bad idea.   :( the food is grossly over priced for the quality of ingredients & dished offered.   Thumbs down!
4 Oh Brio's HAPPY HOUR is probably one of my top HH places! You can not beat their $3.95 appetizers and $5 drinks! Well actually before their apps were only $2.95 but hey it's only a $1 increase.. I can handle that! Haha my must haves when I go are the beef carpaccio & spinach artichoke dip! My man and I usually share the burger as well.. The sucky part about this place would be that you can never tell if you're going to be able to get a spot or not.. The best place to sit is inside in one of the booths or outside by the firepit if you have a big group but it can get pretty busy.  Another negative thing is that sometimes there are lots of pigeons out on the patio... Boo! But hey what can you do..!?
4 4 stars? Yes, 4 stars...3 seems too low.  Ideally 3.5 is what I would rate it.  A few notches above Olive Garden, Macaroni Grill, and even Maggiano's. While I don't usually like to eat at "chain" restaurants, this has been my saving grace for informal lunch meetings, dinners with unadventurous eaters, and satisfying a group of people with various dietary preferences (low carb, low fat, gluten free, vegetarian).    I highly recommend making reservations for the evening when you have a party of 6 or more, but for lunch I usually have to wait 10-15 minutes.  They give you a pager and you have the freedom to occupy your wait time with shopping in nearby stores.  Once inside, the setting is a pleasing "Tuscan" style and the energy/noise level is bustling, but usually I like to sit outside because I usually have my nicely behaved dogs with me. They require I tie my dogs to the outside of the restaurant fence and sit at a nearby table,but I have seen dogs sit on their laps with their owners.  This discrepancy kind of bothers me, because my dogs are well behaved, but like to sit at our feet...many don't notice them but if they do it is because they are cute and well behaved.  Usually I order a flatbread and bruschetta for the table as an appetizer. I usually order the steak salad for lunch, which is phenominal, especially since most places end up making the meat well done or not using a tender meat. The pasta is decent here, at least I never heard my guests complain and usually give raves.   The portions are generous for the price, and usually lasting me two meals.  I have had the steak and vegetables for dinner, which was prepared and cooked nicely. Service is always polite, but sometimes a little slow when it is busy. Again the food is no culinary feat, but it is solid and unoffensive.  While not unique, no one is going to complain and your guests will definitely think it is solid food and come out satisfied and full.    Again a great place where everyone can find something they like and enjoy themselves in a casual, relaxed Italian style.  One other comment, I think they have done a great job with their wine menu. By the glass, plenty of unique and affordable wines covering a range of varietals both whites and reds, but also many familiar, easy drinking wines.  Further, many "gem" bottle that are well priced...about 175% markup rather than the 200%+ markups...that can mean atleast $10 -20 savings per bottle.
3 This was a typical chain restaurant in an outdoor shopping center. We came here for a "rehearsal dinner" before a wedding. I can't lie and say I was excited about going somewhere we could have gone in Cleveland, but it was a good meal anyways. The peach sangria was probably my favorite part of the meal!   The selected menu we got had a salad, chicken, salmon and pasta on it. The salad was typical and satisfying. The salmon was actually really good. The sauce on it was tart and creamy at the same time and the shoestring potatoes were such a nice unique touch. The roasted tomatoes underneath were so sweet and savory at the same time, too. Overall, it was a tasty dish!   I really just think I would have been more excited about this place if we weren't in Vegas and surrounded by other options that we don't get in Cleveland. (re: Battista's!)
1 So we gave it another Shot  Ordered the Lunch Risotto. ( grrrrroooooosss) came with Bacon it was oily for 14$ i expect better Food Compared to olives Garden & Carrabas this Place doesnt offer Good Food any more.  Sems like they Changed the HH menu again.  My fav pizettas are gone.   I ordered the margherita flatbread which was so dry & Hard that you cant Cut it with the knive or Even Hold it to eat. Nearly impossible to eat. Dry dry dry & on the tomatoes oily   Who puts oil on a flatbread????  The Dessert : choc Lava cake was ok. Not very Good. Would Prefer a or One with ICE cream but was by far the best Part of our Lunch.  Cheescake was very Good. Tiramisu too  Drinks. Ok but overpriced.   Waiter & Bus Boys are very attentive & nice.   Host too.   So i will Not go back. We Tried it now so Many Times & for the Same price we had a 60$ Check for 2  i can eat anywhere Else.
5 I love this place ... It never disappoint .. The food always delicious and the Sirvece is really nice and the atmosphere just amazing
4 I've ordered takeout from here twice now and both times have been full of noms. However, it's a little pricey for my expectations--I don't think they are probably using any higher quality ingredients than Macaroni Grill, Olive Garden, or Maggiano's, but it seems to be quite a bit more expensive.  Yesterday I had a lunch combo... a half salad and a small portion of risotto. The risotto was really great with a lot of veggies (squash, asparagus, tomatoes) and pine nuts. What's not to love about that? The side caesar was good too, and the combination of the two filled me up without being too heavy of a lunch (even though it was a generous portion of creamy risotto!).   I would love to go back and not have it for takeout--I'd like to experience the food fresh out of the kitchen instead out of plastic to-go boxes. However, it is a good option for takeout in Town Square!
3 Our dinner here was part of a Vegas deal that included dinner & a helicopter ride at night above the Vegas strip. So the shuttle dropped us off here before the flight informing us we had about an hour and a half before pick up. We were seated and then given a ticket receipt to show our server and then in turn order from their prix fixe menu. Our server some young guy was obviously annoyed by our dinner package and kept making it clear that gratuity was not included the deal. For drinks I ordered a bellini and for dinner we had a caesar salad & a wedge salad , along with their lasagna & a pasta dish I can't remember. The white sauce with the lasagna was a bit strange since I'm used to red sauces but it was good, everything was good. The restaurant seemed like a fancier version of olive garden but I enjoyed Brio's much more. The server was the only thing that made this visit unpleasant, his presence was scarce and I knew dinner included a dessert which he claimed to forget but seemed like he just wanted us out. Would like to return and experience a better dining experience.
4 the food was good the service was excellent free parking at the meters in the evening, not sure what time that kicks in though
4 The roquefort crusted steak was a gourmet delight for a special night out. Brio has just the right combination of casual atmosphere and white table cloths.
5 This place is always solidly delicious. The menu is long enough to have a lot of great options, but not ridiculously epic-noval-ish enough to make you want to give up (Cheesecake Factory, that's you, buddy, but I'll still come visit every once and a while when I can't decide beforehand on a particular type of food I want at the time). The servers are nice and the patio is awesome, when the weather's right. The inside is a large, mostly open space that can get a little loud-ish during peak times, but not so unbearable that you have to yell to your eating companion(s). The price is what you'd expect to pay: not the cheapest, but not that pricey, either; I consider it a slightly less-expensive alternative to my other favorite Vegas/Henderson Italian joints, Casa di Amore, Nora's, and Gaetano's.
4 I don't usually like eating at "chain" restaurants or posting reviews for them. But, as far as "chain" restaurants go, Brio has some really great menu items. And out of the restaurant choices at town square, Brio is up at the top of the list and definitely not somewhere you should ever avoid (avoid Claim Jumper!).   Brio has wonderful flat breads and bruchetta. Yum. Last night, I ordered the pasta alla vodka and OHMYGOD, I ate the entire plate. Literally, I ate the entire plate. I can't even tell you details about the type of pasta because I shoveled into my mouth so fast that I'm almost in a state of memory failure. All I know is the sauce, the pasta, and the prosciutto were SO DELICIOUS and a must-order if you like vodka sauce.   I also really love the fresh bread they bring to the table, particularly the cheesy cracker-like pieces! YUMMY!   They have a really great selection of desserts too: small ones that allow you to sample many different flavors. I really enjoyed the creme brulee!
5 They have a burger here during happy hour that's worth 12 bucks but discounted for 4 dollars between 3 to 6pm. I can't get over how good this burger is for 4 bucks. The best value in vegas.
4 First time dining here.  The service was good except our waiter forgot to bring extra bread then after asking a third time, it showed up and my husband's second drink never showed.  HOWEVER, the ambiance was great and the food was better.  Will dine here again.
4 Get here early for happy hour. Space is limited to the bar only.
5 Great food, excellent service, hits the spot every time. A+  Definitely recommend. Try the New York steak
4 Good Italian food for a chain.  The vodka sauce entree comes with frsh pasta and it is delicious.  Service is pretty consistent.  Sangria is really good.
5 Always great service, accommodating staff, service with a smile! I'm addicted to their steak salad. The Best!
5 Awesome food! Lobster Bisque is amazing. Food was delicious. Would go again.
4 I really like this Brio location.  The high ceilings give it a large feel and the food is always good.
3 I never really paid attention until last night while out having dinner with my mom, but Brio is a fantastic blend of Carabas meets Cheesecake Factory.  What does that mean? Fixed menu, factory workers as servers, little intimacy in the entire venue, just get-em in get-em out experience. It's like a production line.. granted most restaurants are but they all don't FEEL that way.  Now, I'm not saying things were bad, my server (forgot his name) was very nice and super attentive, food was good (not great, just good), and over all it was a decent dining experience.  I would chalk this place up as saying it's just another commercial chain food establishment with main perks being their happy hour specials and outdoor seating when the weather is nice.  Sorry Brio, I'm just as disappointed as you are.
4 Great HH apps
4 From my first visit in 2008 to many, many visits in the last five years, I have enjoyed EVERY meal and experience. Perfect for an intimate evening with your beau, a light lunch with your shopping partner, or a celebratory meal with a group.  Having dined here so often, there are few dishes I haven't tried. These are my favorite that are classics and, unfortunately, some items that have since been removed from the menu (seasonal, making room for new dishes): CALAMARI FRITTO MISTO: It's no surprise that I love calamari and it's one of my *benchmark* dishes to try at new restaurants. I like their batter, the lightly-battered peperoncini that creates a nice, refreshing note, and their delicious marinara for dipping. I do not like the creamy sauce (not really sure what it is) that is also served. LOBSTER BISQUE: This is definitely one of the best lobster bisques (or bisques in general) that I have eaten. Nice pieces of lobster and this version is finished with a touch of sherry. Delicious. BTW, the cup is enough; trust me, don't go for the bowl unless that is all you're planning to eat. POLLO AL FORNO FLATBREAD: Grilled chicken, tomatoes, bacon, feta cheese, green onions with a tomato sauce and creamy parmesan. SERIOUS YUM. The bread is the perfect thickness, creating the right vehicle for this delicious medley of ingredients. Sadly, this is no longer on the Vegas menu! CHICKEN MILANESE: Romano breaded chicken with herb spaghetti served in my favorite sauce - pomodoro. The breading is crispy without overwhelming the dish and I love their interpretation of the pomodoro. CHICKEN LIMONE: PIccata-style chicken with a blend of lemon, capers, and white wine - another preparation I really enjoy. The chicken breast is always juicy and the sauce is tangy. They used to serve it with their cripsy potatoes (large chucks of well-fried/sauteed potatoes with herbs and peppers - think "Potatoes O'Brien"), which I really liked.  There are many salads, appetizers, pastas, flatbread, and bruschetta that they offer, I've eaten, and have enjoyed very much. You can't go wrong! The only dish that was less than satisfactory was the Sweet Potato and Chicken Risotto; bleh.  This year, they introduced "The Lighter Side of Tuscany" with menu items that have reduced calories (I believe they are all below a certain amount, say 600). I tried the INSALATA BRIO: Mixed greens, roasted red peppers, grilled asparagus, tomatoes, grapes and candied pecans tossed with an Italian vinaigrette and balsamic drizzle. Just 345 calories! Well, I removed the gorgonzola and asked for the dressings on the side, so that I could get it as "Vegan" as possible. Very delicious!  They have a specials menu that is updated daily, so make sure to check it out because their seasonal cocktails are certainly worthwhile. Some of my favorites that were offered in the past (and I believe one may have become a permanent menu offering) are the STRAWBERRY BASIL LIMONATA (Muddled strawberries and basil in a limonata, so refreshing and yummy) and the APPLE CIDER MARTINI (A little brandy, apple cider, spiced rum, lemon juice, rimmed with cinnamon, YUMMM). I've recreated both cocktails at home and it has consistently been a crowd-pleaser.
4 Their happy hour is great! I have been here many, many times for happy hour. It is served outside on the couches or at the bar. They have an assortment of appetizer type meals for you to have for $2.95! That is fantastic! I was here last summer and had two appetizers and was full. They are pretty good too! There are two huge draw backs. 1 there is no drink happy hour along with this. Drinks are full price all day. Somedays they have a specialty cocktail, but not often. Draw back 2. There aren't many places to sit. As I said it is only available in the couch area or at the bar. As you can imagine it gets full pretty quick.   I have been here for a regular meal three or four times. Meals aren't very good. Not worth the money for them and not great flavor. I have ordered the appetizers for my meal because I haven't had any good "food" or real meal.   Four stars for happy hour!
4 My department of 8 came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon.  Without a reservation, we only had to wait 5 mins prior to be seated.  The lunch menu was pretty decent.  Many options to chose from, such as salad, pasta, paninis, flatbreads and more.  I decided to go with angel hair pasta with salmon.  The angel hair pasta was cooked perfectly, not too soft, not too hard.  The salmon was a a tad bit more cooked than I would have liked, but because there was a nice scampi butter sauce, it was still delicious.  I will definitely return to try their items on the happy hour menu.
5 Que rico a comer italiano servicio buenisimo y la comida para chuparse los dedos
4 I was as customer on Sat, Feb 2nd, and now I am getting around to my updates. Good food for the $$, easy access, and decent, attentive wait staff.  I read all the latest reviews on this place and might I say some of the negative ones must have just been very unlucky. One note: get there early as the closer to dinner the longer the wait.
3 We came here for lunch after peak lunch hours around 2:45pm. We made a reservation and the hostess at the door is nice and friendly. She seated us right away after verifying our reservation.     I really enjoy the ambiance of this restaurant. They have both outdoor seating and indoor booth/table seating. It has high ceiling and private room area for small parties. It gives guests an European feeling which is hard to find here in Vegas.     As for the service, I can only give 2 stars max, Our server is very nice and he seems to know a lot about the dishes but he does not check back with us often enough to make sure we are ready to order and we are satisfied with our food. As a matter of fact, we had to get someone to get him to take our order. Same situation with the water too, we always have to look for someone.     We ordered two dishes and shared, Crispy Eggplant Pomodoro and Mezza Chicken Limone. The Eggplant is dry and the sauce has nothing special, while the Mezza Chicken is juicy and tasty. Probably not going to order the Eggplant Pomodoro next time.    I saw a lot of good review in regard of happy hour at this place, Would love to give it a try.
5 Best Italian food I've had in Vegas so far! Great service also. They are usually very busy, but it's well worth the wait.
4 Brio has the best happy hour in the city!  I love the atmospere and sitting outside, it makes me feel like I am not in Vegas. Love the option to sit at the bar inside or out!  3.95 for a wonderfully cooked burger?!! My husband loves the carpaccio, be sure to ask for extra sauce. They used to have a steak brushetta with Gorgonzola on the happy hour menu, I am sad its gone but they still have great selections, like my favorite spicy shrimp and eggplant, again ask for extra sauce.   You can get a cocktail for 5 dollars as well! We usually stick to the martini, but have tried a few of there specialty cocktails and they were all good. We usually sit at the bar close to Del Mar, he is so awesome! He's busy and still manages to make us perfect drinks, he is always attentive and smiling and always gives outstanding service!! He's in my top 3 bartenders in Vegas! When in doubt of where to go, he keeps us coming back!! Such a great asset to the bar! This is one of my main reasons it's our fave happy hour!
3 I will only come here for lunch from now on dinners are to overpriced for food that is not top notch!!
5 I love Brio! Great food ,great service, great prices in the beautiful Town Square center! During the week they have fabulous, large portioned appetizers for $2.95 or $3.95. I booked a large group and they placed us in our own private room without charging banquet prices!I highly recommend!
4 An excellent place for an early lunch as it fills up fast! It's huge inside and will remind you of a cross between an Olive Garden and a Macaroni Grill.  Similar food as the above mentioned restaurants with a tad nicer dining room.  Service was VERY good and FAST.  Food comes quickly.  Meals that include the salad are few, but for what it's worth, the chopped salad is incredible!  It's a meal by itself so make sure to share it.  The bread and crackers included with the meal aren't memorable and aren't served with any oil or spices.  Just butter.
4 I really enjoy eating here. One of my favorite's in Town Sq. Especially if I am in the mood for Italian. I believe this has overall a much higher quality of food than some of the other Italian chains out there. Decor and ambiance is also very inviting and pleasant. Its easy to wait for  a table as you are in the middle of town square or even head to the Brio bar and hang out. Overall a great experience every time I have gone.
3 Date/time: Feb 10 @ 9p  My friend wanted to try this place out for her birthday dinner. Online suggested a reservation. I had made a reservation for 845 but had trouble finding it and arrived at 9p. I apologized to the hostesses who were [very welcoming]. I informed them it was my friends birthday and left her name with them. They sat me by the kitchen. I'm very impressed with the atmosphere and maintenance.  My waiter came over to greet me, I ordered a water with lemon. He forgot the lemons and said he would return with them. He returned, no lemons, asked if I would like an appetizer. I ordered an appetizer chopped salad. 30mins goes by and my friend arrived. He comes to greet her and take her drink order, I reminded him about my salad which he got promptly. The salad was excellent. Good portioned and lots of flavor for only 175 calories!  We order the light selection mahimahi and lemon chicken. The mahimahi was very good, fresh, not over cooked and well portioned. The lemon chicken was juicy but not over powering with a generous portion of veggies. Our compliments to the kitchen. I pushed my empty water glass to the end of the table and watched my waiter walk right by. I said excuse me. He came back. I asked for a refill and the manager. The manager knew I STILL had not received my lemons, my salad took 30mins, and I was just overall not pleased with my service. She was very apologetic, got my friend a mini birthday desert, discounted our check, and took over our table herself.  Even though it was a rocky first experience I would still come back and suggest this restaurant. I'm very impressed with the management and kitchen.
4 Great Italian resturaunt off the strip.  Didn't go during Happy Hour but everyone says it's a bargain.  Food quality excellent and nice decor.  Had the lasanga and it was awesome.
2 I came here for lunch mid-week and just wasn't excited with any of it.  The place was busy, but even taking that into consideration service was not very good.  Since we had waited a while to be seated, we tried to give the server our appetizer order right away, but she didn't want that.  Then, only when she came back later to take our order did she tell me the item I had ordered was out.  That felt a little like a waste of time, because now I need to read the menu again. Since we were seated by the open kitchen, I saw our lunches come up, but our server was sitting down with the table next to us while our food waited under a heat lamp.  That probably didn't make much difference though as it was extremely unexceptional.  I tried half of the chicken club and half of the burger.  The bottom bun on the burger fell apart after a few bites - big burger sin! The chicken club was dry and both sandwiches had components listed on the menu - balsamic onions and roasted tomato mayo, that sounded great, but were lost in the final result.
4 I liked this place. Thought it seemed like an Olive Garden on steroids. Very good food, very good wait staff, very great atmosphere. Will definitely return!!
4 This is now my favorite restaurant.  As an overview, the food is excellent, the service is professional and fast, the noise level is a bit loud when crowded (like Cheesecake Factory), the lighting is low, the prices are on the higher side, and you get seated almost immediately with reservations. We came for dinner on two occasions around 6pm both on Saturday.  The food is one of the highlights.  I recommend the 8oz filet, or the crab and shrimp cakes, or the lamb chops, and the sampler bruschetta, the Tiramisu, traditional cheesecake, and the Torta Di Cioccolata (like a fancy lava cake with Gelato).  I recommend those  since those were the only dishes my wife and I have tried so far and they were very good!    The beef and lamb were cooked perfectly to order and seasoned just right.  The roasted veggies that came with our entrées were very good although mine were slightly over seasoned.   The crab and shrimp cakes were awesome...  not too much breading,  not overcooked, and the quality of the seafood was great.  When I took my first bite it reminded me of San Francisco (that where I grew up).  The crispy potatoes that came with this dish was really good and so were the roasted veggies.  The bruschetta was pretty pricey but was pretty good... if you want to skip the appetizers, that's ok because the rest of the food and experience is more than enough to satisfy and leave you with a smile.  The desserts are a wonderful sweet topping to the experience here.  The cheesecake, has no graham crust but I guess that's traditional.  It was still really good.  The Tiramisu was just the way I like it.  Anyways...all of the desserts that I've listed above go well with the coffee served here.  FYI when the waiter presents you with the dessert tray, they are presented in little cups, however they do have the regular size versions of those.  The portions were the right size.  Let me put it this way,  when we left, we did not feel like we overate.  My wife and I have come here twice in the past two weeks and we love it.  The first time was on a date night and we were very happy.  The second time we came was for my dad's 70th bday.  My parent were happy and my wife and I were happy... Good times!  Hope you enjoy it!
5 OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I must say finally a restaurant who understands portions. The service was amazing and funny (like comedy hour) the staff communicated well together and I loved every minute of this experience. I ordered the Salmon dish with pasta, which was to die for. I was able to finish my  entire plate and not waste it or take leftovers. Just enough to feel delightfully full. The tastes and flavors were like a symphony in my mouth. I will be going back  here again and again and again..........
4 First time at Brio today! Decided to sit outside because the weather was amazeballs. The wait wasn't too bad (20-ish minutes) and we got to sit outside in the nice weather. However, there were numerous hostesses that all seemed not very friendly. They were just okay. Our waiter was chill and friendly enough. Key word -- "enough". Meh.  My lunch date ordered something on the brunch menu and waited quite a while before the waiter came and told us that brunch ended at 2 (it was 3pm). However, the menu stated that brunch ends at 3:30pm, which was bewildering to say the least. Last time something like this happened to me where my original dish couldn't be made and I waited a while, the restaurant gave me my meal for free. Brio offered nothing as compensation and the apology sounded far from sincere.  So why 4 stars if the service was not very good? The fooooood! The sourdough bread was warm and yummy and the cracker positively bursted with flavor. My risotto was tasty and cheesy without being too heavy (the chicken in it was a little dry though). The salad I chose with my risotto was the wedge salad, which was huge and crispy and well-plated and just awesome.   My date ended up ordering the salmon with angel hair pasta and he was a little disappointed when the plate arrived at the table. "Only this much food for 15 bucks?!" Well he took a bite of the salmon and was surprised to find it juicy and tender. The taste definitely made it worth the price.  The food far exceeded my expectations but the service left me hungry for more. I will probably eat here again if I'm at Town Square and the weather is nice. Hopefully the employees will be friendlier and enjoy their jobs more next time I visit.
5 Great food ! Took my gf here for her birthday and she loved it.
5 This place is to die for! When my bf and I are in Las Vegas, we always have to stop by for their Beef Carpaccio!  One of the best ever with a little bit of salad on top.  I love all their pasta here and their lasagna.  Great staff as well.  They are usually busy, so I always call for reservation or the wait will be about 30min-1hr.
4 Update: Their happy hour is still great. I went back recently and sat outside on the couches. The appetizers have gone up in price to $3.95, but are still a great value. They now offer a happy hour drink menu for $5. I'll go back for their happy hour anytime. Still not crazy about their regular meals, but I'll probably give that another shot soon.   I was sad to see that they changed their happy hour menu and took off the steak bruschetta, which was my favorite, but they still offer some fantastic options.
4 I just love brio..out for the day at Town Square with my other half and had to go in for my fav.  Lunch bisteca salad and risotto yum yum...the risotto is the business chicken, butternut squash, asparagus and more goodness.  Like always great meal at Brio :)
4 A solid 4.5 out of 5! The food here is awesome, it's well seasoned  resulting in great flavor and it's soft texture indicates they are fresh ingredients. The place provides a delightful atmosphere with outstanding service and very friendly staff.   The .5 deduction  is due to a very minor detail; which can be easily overlooked. It's not a big deal, however my wife and I noticed it. Some of the staff reached over our food to service the other guests. Other than that, the places is great!
5 Second time coming here and it's only been for happy hour! It's so great:) my sister and I decided to spend some quality time together. We sat at the bar because all the couches were taken. Delmar was amazing:) Excellent service. He was so nice and even made my sis and I a yummy shot because she recently turned 21. Cute! Kind! And good at what he did. No complaints here lol oh and the food is always good. Next time I go here I'd like to see the actual menu though. I'm sure it's delish. Dessert was also very good! Overall this place is great to go out on date or hang out with the girls.
5 Omgeeee so good. It was my first time me and my kids enjoyed our food and experience. Service was good. They did forget to bring us a high chair but it was no big deal, so we didn't bother to bring it up to our server. Over all it was great we will be back
4 I went to Brio 3 times already so this review is long due. I was always very pleased with the prices, variety, quality, the smaller plates menu, mini desserts...  I came here once with my bff and twice with chris before his bball games (he likes to have a big plate of pastas first for energy)  I always have smaller plates from the low carb menu, My favorites are so far: beef carpaccio, lobster bisque, shrimp Mediterranean on orzo and spinach bed and mini creme brulee served in espresso cup! The tiramisu is very good too, it's my friend's favorite! The shrimptini is just ok, the shrimps were small and a bit watery but the shrimps from the entrees are huge, nicely grilled and delicious.  The service was always great except one time when our waitress never refilled our iced teas until we asked for it again and again... Then had our refill finally when we paid our bill. Not cool. I am not asking for extra attention,  just for drink/water during my meal.  The service the other times was perfectly on point and everybody else was very friendly.  So we will come back tomorrow night for sure and I will make sure to update my review by then.
2 Our waiter was either overworked or overmatched.  Regardless of this we had to keep reminding him that we were there.  Outdoor seating was actually quite noisy.  Food was okay, but poor service demands a less than average rating.  'okay for kids' : not sure how to answer this.  I would not say 'great' for kids, I would say 'average' for kids.
5 Brio is one of our loves and the place we like to go for birthday dinners, family get togethers. It's very pretty inside and the beautiful decor reflects the good food. They have a full bar and happy hour and a wonderful outdoor seating area where you can people watch while enjoying your meal. I have a great affinity for the flatbread that comes in their bread basket. Crispy triangles that are coated in herbs, sesame seeds, and cheese full of flavor and texture. Our favorite is the Pasta alla Vodka. That is why we come to Brio. My heart skips a little beat when they put this dish down in front of me and shower it in finely grated parmesan cheese. The aroma of the vodka sauce is one I have not experiened in any other Italian restaurant. Can't quite put my finger on what makes that distinctive delicious Brio Vodka sauce so special. Maybe it's the garlic that's been shaved thin (with razor blades?), or the fresh basil that perfumes the sauce, or it's the star of the dish...the soft pillows of heaven...the delicate ricotta filled pasta purses that melt in your mouth and go oh so very well with the sauce. I swear someone else must be eating my dish because it goes too quick until you devour the last of the pasta and reach for the sourdough bread to sop up the rest of this amazing sauce...it would be a sin not to! This is all I want to write about Brio, because when you come there you must order the Pasta Alla Vodka :)
5 Love it!!  Will be back very soon it was a nice classy place set  outside on a nice day!
3 It was okay. The hostess was telling customers that there would be a 20 minute wait to sit on the patio. When somebody questioned the wait -- since half of the tables were empty -- she replied that they only had one server for the patio. Huh? Five minutes later the manager came over, and it was obvious that he was asking why people were waiting? Next thing you know, everyone had seats on the patio. Let me guess...they assigned another waiter to the patio? Anyway, the bruschetta was good, the steak in the steak salad was a little wanting, and the waiter needs a little more training: I asked for Chenin Blanc. He said that he didn't know if they had that brand. I do have to say that it was very nice on the patio. I'd go back.
4 I love the happy hours here. The best one is the spicy shrimp and eggplants and Roasted Garlic, Spinach & Artichoke Dip. Not to mention their desserts the Torta Di Cioccolata. Its the warm chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream on top. Our servers pretty know us there very well. I would recommend this if you like happy hours.
4 Stopped for lunch and shared the crab cakes as an app (between 2). VERY good.  My girlfriend wanted a pasta that was only on the dinner menu (we were 30 mins early for that) but the kitchen did it anyway. Everything was good including service.
2 Brio has not maintained the quality standard that it had when it first opened. Crumbs were all over the booth, food was very slow coming, it took too long to pay, and most importantly, the food just wasn't as good as it had been on numerous previous visits.  They are in a prime spot at Town Square and I'm afraid they might be resting on location to keep patrons coming in the doors, rather than improving the food quality.
4 It's really a shame that California doesn't have any Brio locations.  This was my 3rd time at Brio and just about everything on the menu is excellent.  It's also a great value, with dinner items around $20 per head.  Service has consistently been good, and they do a good job keeping an eye on your bread & drinks, & asking if you want more.  I had the lasagna, which was very good and Mrs. C was extremely happy with her petite filet mignon.  The restaurant is slightly noisy with an open kitchen, so it's also good for families or if you have small children.  Brio is a nice change of pace if you're trying to get away from the buffets, and just 5 minutes from the airport or Mandalay Bay!
3 It was good, but not good enough to justify the prices. I will admit that the service didn't seem like a franchise place, it felt more intimate and welcoming and the setting is nice. The price to food quality ratio was a little off though.
5 Great service, outstanding flavors, variety, and huge wine selection! You can stay as long as you like, there's never a rush to leave! I love the patio when the weather is nice.
5 I took my girlfriend to brio for a nice dinner and i was impressed. We have been to a number of resturants in las vegas but this on is on my favorites list. To start the decor in this place is fantastic, great settings and lighting. The waiter was kind and knew his stuff for sure! The food was fantastic and reasonably priced. We will definitely be back.
4 Great and prompt service,; the food quality and presentation is excellent! Nice atmosphere in a European like setting. prices are reasonable.
5 first time here and i was very pleased with it! the service is fantastic and the price point is right where it should be. ended up taking a date here and couldn't ask for anything more. oooo and check out the veal marsala. its fantastic!
3 Im adding this as a heads up for vegetarians.  This place doesn't offer much for us and if you have to ask for alternates, like leave out the meat, price remains high.  For us the price is mid to high.  Server was outstanding, did his best to please us, i wish i remember his name.  The salad I ordered, three tomatos something, not excellent.  Server said without the chicken it gets mixed reviews.  Anyway go elsewhere if you're a veggie cause there are much better "Italian" places with better selections.
4 Had a great dinner tonight. Good atmosphere. Decent service and the food was pretty good.
2 The "best steak salad in town" is now the worst.  Less than an ounce of steak, bag o' greens past their prime and I counted exactly three  pecans on my plate.   At  our table, the floor crunched with crumbs under our feet.  The booth seating was sticky.  The noise level, including unnecessary shouting from the prep area,  is oppressive and I was unable to converse normally with my lunch companion.  The staff  are friendly but clearly overworked and stressed.  All in all, an unpleasant dining experience.  We won't be back.
2 I had heard how great this place was so I had to try it. First impression was an arrogant hostess who was more concerned with marking off her floor chart or station map than greeting me. I was sat and ordered the Lobster Bisque which was amazing, the bread was awesome. My server Jade was excellent as well. I ordered the Veal Marsala and it was extremely bland and tasteless. Not even the sauce could save it, Marsala usually has a nice, nutty flavor. It had no flavor at all, very disappointing. After seeing the decor and tasting the bread and the Bisque I was expecting a great meal, it was far from it. A microwave meal has more flavor.....
3 Our booth still had crumbs on the seats when we sat down (we were a walk-in on a Friday night, so I can't judge too harshly). Other than that, the service and food was great.  We had the Caprese Classico, Shrimp Mediterranean, and 5 oz. Filet Brio from the Light Menu.  Delicious and guilt-free :)
2 Very rude uncalled for service the food was excellent though and that's why i gave two stars. The waitress (lady) outback serving the tables on Memorial day by the bar outside really needs to check her attitude. In the future I will give this place a second try.
5 This is the best happy hour in town in opinion for a combination of good $5 wine and absolutely delicious appetizers under $5.   The ambiance is lovely inside and outside.  Sitting at the bar is non-threatening for females.  A choice of low tables, high tops or the bar.  Only downside is that it fills up fast !
4 my review is on happy hour food only!  A group of us were here on Tuesday, the happy hour is seat yourself wherever you can find high tops. Once we did, we were excited to order an array of their $3.95 appetizers, spicy shrimp, pepperoni/sausage flatbread, margherita flatbread, burger, shrimp cocktail... etc... given that the price was so affordable we all ordered like 3-4 plates per person. I was expecting the food to be bland, but we were all pleasantly surprised at how yummy almost everything was!  Great place if you're on a budget, and want to try a bunch of different things!
5 I went to Brio for a work dinner, and as usual I loved it. We started off with the spinach dip and the bruschetta and both were really tasty. For my entree I ordered the Filet and it was well seasoned and cooked to perfection. I highly recommend this dish, if you're in the mood for steak. I went with a group, so I was able to try several other items as well. The pork chops were delicious, but I don't eat much pork these days. If I did, I might order this myself. The lobster bisque was just okay. The last thing I tried was the Shrimp Mediterranean and it was the best of all. It's served with orzo pasta, which is my favorite.  I've been to Brio several times and I have yet to be disappointed. It's a place that I know I will visit again when I'm in the area.
3 I was hesitant trying Brio, as it looked like a generic upgrade to the Olive Garden. And there definitely are points that embrace the chain restaurant blandness (atmosphere), but thankfully, the food is done well. I had the portobello ravioli and my date had the frutti di mare (it was a special). The ravioli was excellent. While the frutti was not as good as Mezzo's take on the dish, it still held up and was satisfying. Our service was adequate and friendly. Overall, most people will be pleased with the restaurant's large menu, quality, and moderate pricing. If you find yourself in Town Square with a group of people, odds are everyone will find something they like here.
5 Pleasant atmosphere with efficient service and excellent food.
3 I've gone to Brio a lot but just never gott around to writing a review.  Lunch here get's so crazy that I rarely go, but I was meeting some ladies for a little early for a business meeting so we decided to go here.  They had already gotten a table when I got there so there wasn't a wait.  However, there were only two place settings at the table and our server never even offered to bring me one or a menu or anything once I sat.  We ordered our lunches and still no place setting.  When our food came I had to ask for silverware, which he brought, but no napkin, which I had to ask for so he finally brought it.  I had ordered the steak medium rare and it was medium.  I ate it anyway and didn't complain since I wasn't paying for lunch and I knew these ladies were in a hurry.  If I had to rate Brio on all my visits together, I'd give it 4 stars, but based on this last visit alone I have to be honest and say it was only a 3-star visit.
5 I was in the mood for a really good salad and this place totally satisfied my craving! great service, nice atmosphere, tasty food. Ill be back.
4 This is a great spot to hang out with your friends and enjoy great drinks and tasty food. I normally visit during their happy hour (M-F, 4pm to 6pm) when their prices and portions are quite generous. Here is my happy hour breakdown.  Ambiance: High energy and BUSY!! Their bar area is spacious but plan on waiting for a table if you are not there right at 4pm.   Service: Fast and friendly... The way it should be!   Food: AMAZING! Their $3.95 dishes are tasty and come in large portions. Do not leave their happy hour without trying their burger or the shrimp and eggplant dish... You will be sure to love them!  Drinks: The mojitos and sangrias are awesomely refreshing... Depending on the bartender. I wish they were more consistent with their flavor profile and alcohol content of their cocktails. In fact, their drink unpredictability is why I give them 4 stars.   I will most definitely visit again and again!
4 Happy Hour is amazing there. The food is always good, and the ambiance is great! The beef carpaccio was awesome and at $4 I think I may have to become a regular!
4 Pasta alla vodka, and their spicy pannini a must.  Love the decor, can be loud.
5 My first review - I'm rating this 5 stars due to the exceptional service provided. We originally were seated with 5 people, and they were able to add 3 (total of 8) when friends happened to join us. Additionally, our server and the restaurant manager still ensured that the timeliness of our food was still a top priority. They did everything to make sure we were satisfied and made us feel very welcomed!
4 We went there two weeks ago for my husband's birthday dinner and he ordered the pork chops. They are so tender and full of flavor! That was the best part of the meal. We had he lobster bisque and I didn't like as much as I did before.  My kids ordered the kids meal cheeseburgers and they were HUGE! They loved it and didn't finish all of it. The kids alfredo pasta was my son's favorite also, he ate most of his dish. I had the pasta pesto and didn't like it at all. The sauce was so runny and hardly had any pesto on it. I tasted mostly tomatoes. The chicken was the only thing that was edible on the dish. I wouldn't get it again and we'll probably be back for more of the pork chops!
5 Fantastic setting, away from the strip, for a more quiet non-touristic experience.  Have eaten my way around the menu and love the Lobster Bisque, the brick chicken, and some of the best flat breads outside of NYC.  5 stars, for food, wine, service, and décor.
5 This place is spectacular. Great atmosphere and fantastic food. Our server was phenomenal and gave us great laughs while enjoying our meals. They even gave me an iced latte, which isn't something they typically make, and it was made perfectly. This place is great and I will certainly be making a trip back here again.
4 love the bellinis & eggplant shrimp!
2 R u serious, this place is buffet quality Italian Food.   Yes, I've been there several times for events/parties and it feels like a running joke.  Baddddddddd food at a great location.  It isn't a waste of your food time, but its definitely 50 minutes of your life that you will never get back.
4 I was surprised that I liked Brio!  I am not usually a fan of chains, even small ones.  I fully expected to be disappointed but from start to finish I found this place delicious.  We started with the crab and shrimp dip. The parmesan crisps were excellent company for the tasty dip with actual chunks of crab and shrimp.  I followed with artichoke crusted beef medallions which were great! We also had the risotto which was a bit disappointing.  For desert, they were out of several items but we tried the bread pudding.  This is the one fail for Brio in that it tasted like ice cream on store bought pound or marble cake.  Still overall it was a great time. The drink selections were excellent too.  A little on the pricey side but not out of the spectrum of value.
5 I have now gone to Brio several times and my experience is always the same, GREAT!! The ambiance is sophisticated but laid back. I had a party of 3 and we were offered the outside patio or inside for seating with little wait. The menu can be a little intimidating but our waiters have always been very helpful. You receive warm bread that's freshly baked. Their lasagna was super rich but you could definitely taste all the cheeses and meat. The Filetto Di Manzo Toscano steak is always cooked perfectly! I have never had a steak cooked and done so well! We also asked for the grilled salmon which was just as delicious. All the plates came warm and in big portions. I recommend the peach sangria! You can't go wrong with any of their dishes. Fabulous work their chef is doing!
1 This place sucks big meatballs(see what I did there) service is bunk as hell. We sat there for 15 mins with no one helping us. So me and my party left. On our way out,We then told the manager what was going on and her response was on some half ass "I'm sorry", "we can get you menus now". She needs work on her managerial skills cause she seemed as if she doesn't have that.(she might need to take a class) Maybe it was because we didn't fit the "look" of her crowd. In any case, that's the first time and last time at that spot...just go to yard house for happy hour!
4 This review is only for their happy hour. I came here a while back for their dinner menu, but I don't remember my experience then. That'll be a future review.  Their happy hour is legit. I would say better than Yardhouse happy hour, but then again I'm not a big fan of Yardhouse. Their food menu is great. Multiple options for only $3.95 each!!! And drink specials are only $5!! And they aren't little skimpy appetizers either. Order about 2 or 3 items along with drinks, you'll definitely get full (well at least I did.)   We ordered the spinach artichoke dip, shrimp piccante, margherita flatbread, brio burger and 4 cocktails. All came out to $35!!! Not bad for an afternoon of food and drink. Their peach sangria was definitely tastey and I was already on my second one even before the food came. All the items we ordered were delish. Good portions with a lot of flavor on each. Easy to share and reasonable on the price. The bar was busy so the bartenders weren't really on the chatty side. In conclusion, I would say this was a successful happy hour!!!
4 Brio is a step above your typical chain Italian restaurants. The atmosphere at the location in Town Village is great. The food is fresh and hot and the wine list extensive. Top off your day of shopping in Town Village by going to Brio.
5 When the stars make you drool just like a pasta fazool, that's amore!..   try their pork chops, freakin awesome!
5 I had my daughters baby shower here. Let me tell you I was a pain with all my changes. The banquet manager, Nova was very helpful and patient. At the event the room was beautiful, service great and the food was really good. I did not have one complaint!
2 Great Ambience, Decent Service, Overpriced Fake Italian Food.
4 I've been to Brio twice. The first time I had a decent Caesar salad. It wasn't anything special but I know experience wise, Brio is one of the best and most popular places in Town Square. It's been more than a year until I heard about the happy hour. Their bar happy hour features $5 drinks and $3.99 items. I went with the chips and burger and for that price you can't go wrong!  They also have shrip, ravioli and another 5 or so items on the happy hour menu starting at 9PM. Ill definitely be back soon!
1 Would have liked to try the food here but we wait at least 20 mins for someone to come & take our orders (& this was just drinks) the people that got seated after us were already getting bread & appetizers. & still no one approached our table, even though my aunt made eye contact with some of the waiters who still probably couldn't get the hint that we we're obviously waiting for someone to take our order. Of course we just left & just went for Yard House. Disappointing for a nice restaurant.
5 Even though it was Saturday night and the restaurant was pretty crowded, I thought the service was excellent. It didn't take too long for them to take our orders and bring our drinks with some bread. We ordered a sample of their housemade Bruschettas for sharing and they all were really good. My boyfriend and I ordered the Brio Chopped Salad and Campanelle Carbonara pasta to share. The sizes were perfect and I really enjoyed the quality of the food. They have a great selection of delicious desserts as well.  I recommend their Mascarpone Cheesecake - so good!
5 i'm a regular at this place and its about time i wrote a review. 3 words. yum, yum and yum.
5 Happy hour and a martini is always good here.... And at night or in the winter they have a fire pit...!
5 After wanting to try Brio for so long and hearing about their good food, we finally came here for dinner the other night. It looked a little busy for a Tuesday night, but thankfully, we only had to wait a few minutes before being seated. The first thing I noticed was that the place was very loud. Also, the tables were pretty close to each other. We sat next to a party of 4, who was obnoxiously loud, swearing, and complaining about their jobs all night. It was like we were being forced to listen to their conversations. Not the restaurant's fault, but just an FYI, you may want to request a booth or a table outside instead.  Service was a bit slow at first. One guy showed up to give us our basket of bread and butter (loved the sourdough bread), but our server kept us waiting for about 20 minutes. She actually turned out to be very nice and attentive, so I guess I can forgive the wait. :p At first glance at the menu, I was a little worried that I wouldn't be able to find anything to order. I love Italian food and pasta, but all the dishes seemed complicated for someone who is very picky as myself. My order was about to sound like this, "Can I have the Chicken Pomodoro Classico with no tomatoes, pine nuts and basil?" Then, I spotted the only pasta dish with ingredients that I actually liked! Surprising, I know. I had to look twice just to make sure.   The Campanelle Carbonara had grilled chicken, bacon, Parmesan cheese, spinach and Alfredo. Sold! Our dinners came out about 10 minutes after ordering. My pasta was very flavorful and not salty. The chicken and bacon were cut into perfectly bite sized pieces. The Alfredo sauce was just right and not overpowering. My husband ordered the Roasted Lamb Chops and said they were very good. I never liked lamb. I tried it at Texas de Brazil and didn't like the taste it left in my mouth. However, these lamb chops did look good with the red wine sauce it was served with. For dessert, we shared the Tiramisu, which was delicious as well. A perfect balance of coffee and creme flavors. They also have a gluten free and light menu.  It looks like they have a MyBRIO loyalty program that you can join for free. According to their website, you get a complimentary appetizer valued up to $10 as a welcome reward. Our server didn't mention that to us at all, so I guess I'll have to remember to ask about it the next time I am there. Brio is a bit on the expensive side, but I would definitely want to come back every so often. The food was awesome! You won't be disappointed.
4 Never fails! Anything and everything is delicious! One of my faves, is the Gorgonzola filet mignon... Always cooked perfectly and try their Bellini!!!  And it never hurts that the staff is always friendly!
1 Not worth the money, I have made better pasta myself. We went last night and 3 of the 4 of us didn't like the food whatsoever, the other person wouldn't pay that price again for the small amount they received.
4 brio!  friendly staff. great service. spacious. huge portions. ordered the pesto pasta - light, fulfilling, and flavorful. great quality!  will come back again and try other things on the menu! check out the picture i posted.
5 Ate here for the very first time and it was absolutely delicious! When we arrived we were greeted and seated right away by the Hostess.   I had the Blackened Tilapia with grilled veggies which was cooked to perfection. Our waiter was very attentive and was super friendly! I love the ambiance of the restaurant and I look forward to dining here again especially for the price.
4 My fiancee and I had dinner at this Brio Saturday night and enjoyed great service, great food,  and delicious drinks.  The bartender was outstanding!
4 I've been coming to Brio Tuscan Grille since they've opened up at Town Square eons ago. I know, I like to write my reviews late. Even when I relocated for three years, whenever I visit Vegas, I would always have dinner at least once at Brio. I would always suggest Brio as an option to my out of town friends. And more than once did we celebrate birthdays with dinner at Brio.   Honestly, I've never really had a horrible experience at Brio. If we had any issues with our meals, once we bring it up with our server, they'd always manage to get it fixed right away. One of my most recent visits to Brio, our waitress was a blast -- we had a lot of fun kidding around with her.   However, I am a little sadden by the fact that a few menu items have changed, such as the steaks. They no longer offer the surf and turf or just a filet mignon with veggies dishes. Though the steak dishes they have right now are still pretty good. I gotta say, the price you pay is a whole lot better than what you pay for if you eat at the strip. Brio has awesome prices (even though the prices have gotten bumped up within the past three years).   It can get loud while dining in though. There are tons of people talking, laughing, etc. But it never really bothered me.   As for what to get to eat at the Brio? I'd say try anything you want. Everything I've tried was very good. Some of my favorites are the steaks, rack of lambs, and the carbonara. I also enjoy their bruchetta a lot. One of my favorite drinks at the Brio has got to be their peach bellini -- it's always so yummy!!! Don't be afraid to try anything there :)
5 Great food, large portions and a great happy hour.  Perfect place to dine in the fall on the outside patio.
4 Great food, reasonable price, good ambience.  Always some talent to see. I would recommend either a Friday for the bustling energy or the happy hour specials. Best time to be here.  I will have to say that the service could be better.
4 Brio is very pretty, light, quiet, not the best place if you have rowdy kidlets.   The Calamari is VERY good, and the Lobster Bisque is uite tasty. The desserts are smal enough to be crazy, except the cheesecake, but if you're prdering cheesecake calories may not be your focus. heh  We had two great servers, and were checked on often, but my daughters coffee never got refilled. There was a chari in a sitting near us LEAKING. Dripping onto the floor. No one knew why and the servers stared at for a long time after I pointed it out, but no one cleaned it up.....? Really?
5 We just had lunch at Brio AGAIN, To be honest it is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas because of the service,food and the whole atmosphere. Everything on the menu is great and my Coronas are always cold. Lol All tye servers know me because i dine at Brio at least twice a week and they make sure everything is perfect  I recomend this place to everyone
1 Now all of you reviewers need to tell me what you did for service?  Regardless if happy hour is discounted pricing, you all understand that's probably one of their busiest times of day.  Considering its the time of day people are getting out of work, if you hand a menu to someone and disappear for 30 minutes it's hard to sit still.   We came in at the beginning of happy hour! Seated ourselves near the little booths by the bar. It took 13 minutes just for a menu. NOT COOL.luckily my boyfriend and I have some amazing conversations or else I don't know how else to let the time pass.   We eventually got our menus l, took a look. In a matter of minutes, especially after waiting so long for a menu, we finally are ready to give her the rundown on everything we want.   We keep seeing the same server rush back and forth so we keep waiting. After we see her and have her tell us she's about ready to take our drink order, she looks over and sees a party of 20 rush outside.  Where do you think our server went?!  Never got to put that drink order in :(  All we wanted was a nice happy hour! After all, grandma had the little one all day so we might as well take advantage.   After being so patient to try out this elegant restaurant, we thought maybe yard house was a better choice. They know us there so there's never waiting for a drink!    Maybe we gotta be dressed lookin like a million bucks, or go with a fat group!  I wanna try it again, my man was just really tryin to get that happy hour on so it might take a little convincing.
1 Everything here tastes like it came right off a Sysco truck which I'm sure it did. It's not the worst food I ever had, but it definitely not any kind of good.
4 Hit up the happy hour 3-6:30! Come early because the happy hour is only in the bar area and outside couches. Anthony and Jeremy were our servers and they were both great. I suggest you have a martini because the mojitos and sangrias aren't very strong, though they are both tasty. Get the burgers if you're hungry, they are big enough for a meal.
4 My friend and I came in for brunch for our birthday month brunch celebration.  We went in around 3 pm on a Sunday and the wait was only 10 minutes.  (Just a little side info: the pager that they give you to tell you that your table is ready will work across the way at Victoria Secret!)  Once we sat down, we were greeted by our server who immediately asked what we wanted for drinks.  Although it wasn't listed on the menu, they offer a carafe of mimosas.  When we asked the server about it, she wasn't sure if they do that and had to go and check if that was possible.  The server returned saying that it was possible and she told us that it would be $18.  We felt like that was a better deal amongst the 2 of us.  One glass of mimosa was already $6.  The carafe ended up being 2 and a half glasses each!   I ordered the open faced chicken avocado omelet and my friend ordered the ravioli di bello. Since we came for brunch, I decided on a brunch dish, but was also interested in the ravioli.  My friend beat me to it!  While we were waiting for the food, bread and butter was brought out to the table. The food itself was delish although I wished that I had gotten the ravioli di bello! The flavors in that was amaze! It made my chicken avocado omelet seem a bit bland.
5 I just have to say how incredibly impressed I am with this restaurant. I have been planning my Vegas wedding since February and was having a hard time finding a place that was elegant with excellent food without breaking the bank. Nova is the banquet manager there and he was truly amazing. He addressed my one million emails prior to the dinner and was a true advocate for helping me have an outstanding dinner even when I lived in another state. It was stressful being so far away but Nova made it easy for me.   Let's start with the food. I had visited the restaurant before I signed a contract to try the food. The chicken milanese was great but the real highlights were the filet  and also the pasta with vodka sauce. The pasta was handmade and to die for. We were also served two types of salad and potatoes/veggies. Everything was great but my wedding group raved about the filet for days. Who would have thought you could get such a great steak at an Italian restaurant.   The service was great. Tamara was fun and very concerned about making sure I was a happy bride. I paid for a bar package and was not disappointed. The staff was very attentive and took multiple drink orders. I definitely felt that we got more than what we paid for. The servers also cut and served our cake that we had ordered.   Overall it was a fantastic experience and I am sure that we will go back each time we visit  Vegas to relive the memory. Thank you so much Nova and Brio Tuscan for making my wedding so memorable.
3 I dined at brio last night with it not being my first time.  I am usually more than satisfied.  The dishes are very generous and delicious.  The service is usually top notch and professional.  However on this occasion my guest and I had to make ourselves laugh at the situation.    The hostesses let us know there would be a short wait which was no problem.  They were polite and welcoming.  A very short time afterwards a basket of bread was dropped off.  This is the kicker.  15-20 mins later we were greeted by our server.  I know this because a party of 10 was sat after us and proceeded to receive their first course before we even had water glasses or even a simple "I'll be right with you".  We noticed a manager walk by us 4 times and didn't notice we hadn't even been given waters.  The busser that had given us our bread must not have brought it to the server's attention.  At this time we were taking bets on the over under on how much longer it'd be before we were greeted.  So we got out our stopwatch and started clocking it from that moment.  Just from that moment we had an elapsed 4 mins.  I unfortunately lost the bet.  I had taken the over which was another 8 mins.  The meal went smoothly from that point on.  The chicken limone was amazing and my friend's filet was also enjoyed.    After a bottle of true grit petite Syrah, a salad course, main course, and dessert we left satisfied with our meal.  Just please work out the communication breakdowns.
4 I love to come here for Happy Hour from 3-6 pm or 9- closing because everything on the menu is so good. My favorite is the Carpaccio, I ate 3 orders myself in one sitting. Only con for me is that the happy hour menu is pretty limited and anything that is not on happy hour menu is a little pricier than I'd like. I would definitely keep going back for happy hour!!
4 We are fairly new to the Vegas scene and we came from a town that had bee limited options. So this is one reason why I love bug cities...the eateries!!! The food! This was our first sit down Italian restaraunt and it was pretty good. They gave you good size proportions and we had to take it to go.  The pasta was very yummy and soft..almost like homemade pasta. And the deserts were delish!!! Planning on going back soon to get the lobster and shrimp fettuccine again!
4 Tuscan harvest salad... Yum!  And who can only eat 1 of those triangle crackers?  Not me!  I've found that the service is better at the Town Square location but that the quality of the food is equal.  Sitting on the patio is one of life's little pleasures.
4 Came here the other day while I was out shopping with my girlfriend, she had eaten here before so we decided to stop in.  We sat fairly quickly and we're greeted immediately by a friendly server. We ordered some appetizers to start, which were very good, I would recommend the calamari.  After our meals arrived, nicely presented and very nice portions. They even have a lite menu for those trying to be healthy.  The service at times was a bit shaky, it seemed like they had a ton of staff working and the restaurant wasn't even  that busy but our server was constantly running around at times neglecting us.  Overall if you are in the mood for some great Italian food and a great atmosphere I would urge you to try this place.
4 My first time to Brio Tuscan Grille.  I know, I know...I've been missing out.  I love me some Italian food, even though I don't get to eat it much.  Based on their menu, there's enough of a selection for everyone.    There's even a "Lighter Side Menu", which I chose to partake in. Lighter side choices range from lean steaks, chicken, salmon, salads, and some white fish (i.e. Mahi Mahi and Tilapia). Of course, I went with their 5 oz Filet Brio.  This was served with asparagus and sweet potato.  You can't go wrong with grilled asparagus and their sweet potato was amazing.  My only issue with both...wish I had more.  As for their 5 oz filet, I had this cooked medium-well.  In the last 2 weeks I've had steak at least 3 other times at well respected steakhouses.  No joke...I think Brio's was up there in tenderness, taste, and presentation.  My entree was less than 400 calories and a little over $20.  Bang for your buck without a bang on your nutrition!  The ambiance was great. You gotta love the tall ceilings.  Our server was great as well. I know that this is an Italian restaurant and I didn't get anything Italian.  But their steaks are good and for that alone, I am a fan.     YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (485/500)
5 There are few places I can eat in Vegas any time of the day no matter what I'm in the mood for and this is one of them.    Their Happy Hour menu in my opinion is the best! It's inexpensive and full of options.
4 The dining room at Brio is warm, casual, and comfortable.  Service is quick and friendly.  Our party sampled several dishes: Pasta Brio - very good and perfectly al dente Lasagna - solid but not phenomenal.  Huge portion. Bread basket - delicious rustic loaf and crackers Steak carpaccio - excellent.  Must try!  The sauce and salad that accompany it are great. Florentine steak - juicy with a crisp seared exterior.  Excellent! Shrimp Mediterranean - here's where the experience fell short.  The shrimp was ok and had a lot of kick.  The orzo and farro that came with it was extremely oversalted.  It's as if they put a canister of salt into the cooking water. Dessert trio- very good.  The cheesecake was my favorite. I'd definitely come back.  Just skip the Shrimp Mediterranean.
4 Fun atmosphere, tasty food, and solid presentation all make for a reliable "go-to" spot when hunger strikes.  My strawberry and spinach salad was appetizing and colourful and hubby's pasta was savoury and rich.  Everything was served with a (genuine) smile and we enjoyed our time feasting and people watching.
5 Really good, attentive service. We like to go to the bar for the happy hour. Split their burger, shrimp & eggplant in black pepper cream sauce, calamari, and beef carpaccio. Very good food. And each of those is $3.95. The bar splits inside & out which will be nice on a warmer night. They do have a drape that cuts some of the cold and heaters too. It's really good food paired with great service.
1 Stay away from this place. The food was horrible. I complained to the executive chef who was working last weekend. He didn't even have the courtesy to come and see me when asked. Found a band aid in my food. The management criticizes employee's right in front of you. I would hate to be an employee there. A manager Tony belittled a female employee almost to the point she was crying. How extremely unprofessional. Eat at Claim Jumper next door!!!! I would gave NO STARS but I had to give 1.
1 I have a love and hate relationship with their happy hour....love the food hate the service during happy hr. We sat close to bar today and still no one saw us, went to the bar and was told the other bartender will take care of us, waited 10 mins before we were offered a drink....another 10 before another bartender decided to take our order. Asked for a bread basket 3 times still nothing, food got dropped off and that was the end of our service. Had to chase someone to get our check, I don't understand why the bartenders or servers can't just look over for a second and see that there are people waiting in the patio area......
4 I really like Town Square.  And Brio fits right in to the atmosphere.  A cozy restaurant that has both a dining room and a bar area.  If you arrive at happy hour, the deals at the bar are amazing.  $3.95 for 3 deep fried cheese raviolis for example.  They also serve mojitos and sangria on top of all the regular bar drinks.  For dinner, their pasta is good.  I had the lobster bisque and it was good, but I enjoyed their tomato bisque even better... but I don't think it's always available.  Overall, it's a classy place at a just above average price range.  Most dishes are $10 - $20.  I think it's a step above Olive Garden and Macaroni Grille...
5 Went here for a business Christmas party and the food was good and the service was good. Will go back
3 Brio did a wonderful job with my bff's wedding reception, so for that, they get 3 stars.  But the gluten-free pasta primavera was hard, chewy and bland and the mushrooms tasted microwaved. And the server only mentioned the complimentary reception wine after making it appear like you could only get cocktails (which were not included with the wedding reception). Y U HOLD OUT ON ME?
4 My first time here was on a somewhat windy Thursday. There were 3 groups of people ahead of us and the restaurant was just opening; it was 11 AM.  We were asked where we wanted to sit, and we said outside for who knows what reason since it was quite windy that day. Our meal was delicious. I don't know the names of the two breads they put on the table, but they were really good!   I spent approximately $60 for two people, during lunch. This included a shared appetizer, beverages, and 2 orders from the lunch menu. I haven't tried the dinner service at this location.
4 4.5 stars. We walked in on a Friday night without reservations and had to wait 60-80 min for a table. BUT there was lots of shopping while we waited. Food and service were amazing. Christian was awesome. And the prices were good. Get the spicy shrimp eggplant.
5 A really amazing time to enjoy friends and great food. This is definitely the place to enjoy different courses, all while relaxing and having great conversation in one of the gorgeous dining rooms. Our server Christian made our Christmas Dining experience wonderful! We started with his suggestion of calamari and it was to die for! The Alfredo and red sauces were delicious. Next he suggested the Roma, the perfect blend of warm charred veggies with a cool crisp salad with grapes, nuts and cheeses, (it's big) make sure to share! Next we were treated to awesome tiramisu and salted chocolate cake in baby tea cups, small but so rich you don't need larger. Christian also created a custom made chocolate cappuccino and baileys and coffee for us. He was so awesome. We relied completely on his intuitive suggestions and it was more fun than ordering for ourselves. Thank you Brio! We will be back a lot!
5 My husband and I had another delicious dinner, at Happy Hour, at Brio's in Town Square in Las Vegas. The professionalism of the staff namely, Brian (manager), Alyssa and Mike (bartenders), is beyond compare.  Besides delicious dishes, such as beef carpaccio and spicy shrimp and eggplant in a delicious spicy sauce, we also feasted on crispy shrimp served on a delicious bed of greens.  The Brio burger is still a must have order, for sure.  I must say that it is definitely worth your time, and you owe it to your tastebuds, to enjoy The Brio Restaurant and all it has to offer. J&D (NYC)
4 Ate here for a big family meal last night thinking it was the best compromise option. It turned out to be much better than Zefferini, our fancy fine dining option the evening before which also happened to be Italian good.   Granted, Zefferini was interested in providing a more authentic Italian cuisine while Brio clearly catered to an un discerning American audience, but who cares! Why?  Part of our positive experience was the waitress we had, which is always appreciated in any establishment. Given the description above you would think she wouldn't know the wine list, right? Wrong. Not only did she had qualitative descriptions about their Tuscan Chiantis, but when she brought out samples of their by the glass range (another plus), her suggestion was spot on! (Winning Chianti selection was San Fabiano)  Her recommendation for a non-meat plate (Mediterranean penne?) was also a great choice. And the fresh sourdough bread made Zefferinis paltry store bought sliced broad baguette weep.   And always a huge warm smile.   One last point: we were in the back room which was intimate and quiet, though I could imagine the main salon would be quiet extremely noisy.   In sum, if you're looking for good food off the strip and aren't trying to crap shoot fine dining without a star, give Brio a try.
3 I wish YELP would change the definition of 3 stars from "A-OK" to "Just OK" since they don't have 2.5 stars.  I was shopping in Town Square and Brio looked like the only non-fast food choice for lunch.  The atmosphere, decor, and service really deserve 4 stars.  They loose 1.5 stars for the food.  I ordered a large Caesar salad, and a Mediteranean Penne dish.   I had the option to get a small salad with the entre for an additional $3.85, but the waiter said it was pretty small so I asked for the large salad entre (which was supposed to cost a whopping $11.00).   The salad came in a large plate which was half empty.  I love Caesar salad, but this one was mediocre at best.  Hardly any flavor.   And the description bragged about the house dressing and brioche croutons  - both tasteless.  When I finished the waiter asked how I liked the salad, and seemed very surprised when I told him that it was bland.   The only good news was that they didn't charge me $11,00 for the salad, but only $5.00, though I don't know if this was because of what I said about it.  The penne dish was pasta with mushrooms, dried tomatoes and fetta and a very little bit of a tasteless sauce.   This is one of those places where if you ask for parmesan cheese, the waiter makes a show of grinding it on your pasta.   I suppose they want you to think this is entertainment, but I think it is really just a way for them to save money on cheese.   As you watch, they grind and grind and grind, and when they're done you may have a teaspoon or two of cheese on your pasta.   For what this dish cost ($15.15) they could have put a dish of cheese on the table - it might have helped an otherwise boring meal.  The only bright side of lunch was excellent sour dough bread which tasted like San Francisco sour dough, but they told me it was shipped in daily from Los Angeles.  $25.00 plus tip with ice tea.   I think I would have done better at Olive garden.
3 First time there, and I'm giving it 3 stars because of the server(s) only....company party and reservations made in advance, but when I got there, the hostess had no idea what I was talking about for the reservation....uh oh....so, I went to the bar to wait for others to arrive, and a different hostess started seating my party & they called me to find out where I was!!  I was pretty clear to the hostess originally of the name I was looking for, and I'd be at the bar if they arrived.  I wasn't rude, I understood there had to have been some miscommunication somewhere, and would she please alert me if someone else from our party showed up so I could greet them.  From the bar, you can't easily see the hostess station...  Sigh...anyways, while at the bar, I was greeted warmly and the service was superb...the table for 18 was placed in the middle of the main dining area, which was fine, but we'd been assured there would be a private space for our group.  Guess we got outbid by a larger group?  Anyways, not trying to be picky, but when I know this will be at least a $500 tab, I expect to be treated accordingly!!    The food server(s) tho made up for the initial impression...and that's the best part of this review!  The food wasn't what I felt to be any better than Olive Garden, and I'd actually have preferred the food there?  Go figure!  We ordered appetizers, not impressed with the lobster bisque, the roasted garlic spinach artichoke dip, or the breads....so, bring on the salad....I had a house salad, which sounded pretty amazing as described by the food server, but was a disappointment when I got it, and I know the feeling was mutual with the other salad that was ordered too.    Main course, we had some lasagna orders, some veal marsala orders, some carbonara orders, and some other pasta dishes that I couldn't discern....no one from our group was impressed, and we're not foodies or culinary school graduates or anything, so that's saying a LOT about the quality of the food....it was filling!!    Personally, I don't think I'll be going back, but I wouldn't say no to a date taking me there....I'll just know not to expect to be WOW'ed by the food, and just enjoy the atmosphere!!
4 I love Brio! They have one of the best Happy Hours in town. Almost everything on that menu is so delicious. The shrimp eggplant, spinach and artichoke dip, burger and caprese salad are my favs! The only reason I can't give them five stars is because the service is not always that great.
5 I come here often especially for the happy hour..best deal in town , nice atmosphere,  appetizers are my favorite not too mention the happy hour cocktails. The prices on the happy hour menu is really affordable.
5 This place has great food and a great price the service is also a plus as well . It was my first time here my waitress was a great help I will defiantly be returning
5 Excellent food and atmosphere!  Great drink specials, too.
4 Authenticity is not their forte.  However, location and happy hour is.  Loved the beef carpaccio and pasta vodka with Peroni draft.  My wife loves the free sour dough and spiced flat bread - lol.  Fyi, mall employees get a nice 20% off ;)  I say 3.5, but rounding up to 4 because service has always been great.
1 The one star is for the service, not the food.  The food is pretty good, and the steaks are always seasoned and cooked perfectly.  However, service was awful.  Even though the dinner rush had not even hit yet our waiter rarely came by our table.  They FORGOT our appetizer.  They brought out the bread basket late and with only half the bread.  Service was terrible.  Very disappointed since Brio has historically been one of my favorite places.
4 Brio is one of great Italian resturant I been in vegas great pasta and fettuccine food is just great and great service I do like location which is they have outdoor
5 First impression was that this was going to be a great meal. I was right! Our server was Tamara and she was excellent,in fact everyone who worked here was outstanding. The food was fresh and served as it should be. Tasty,hot, promptly delivered in order not ahead and not too slow. Tamara went out of her way to see that our meal was excellent and it was appreciated in my tip. They also have the best tasting flat bread to nibble on while you wait for appetizers and main course. To my shock I discovered that this is actually part of a chain. This is the best chain I have ever eaten at for Italian food. The impression was more like a fine dining experience in beverly hills or pasadena. I think that they have an incredible future if they stick to this formula. Meticulous attention to detail and of course great tasting food. I will definitely be back as I live in summerlin and I discovered they have a place at tivoli.
4 great food..spicy shrimp with egg plant and lamb chaps are amazing
1 Awfull service,, food is wannabe italian but is not!!! Terrible food,terrible management. really disappointed of this place I rarer go to Olive Garden.....to bad. This is a great lication.... In town square. I dont recommend this place!
1 This place has gone downhill and fast!!!  Went back here for lunch...ordered... steak salad, brushetta, and chicken sandwich to share with my boyfriend.  We waited a long time for our food to arrive.  Turns out the reason for that...everything came out at once!  The server that brought out our food, put down the food and gave me a dirty plate with his thumb smudged on it from the balsamic vinegar on the bruschetta dish we ordered.  Smudge was the size of a quarter but he processed to leave it and walked away.  I quickly got his attention and asked for another.  He wasn't happy about it, but took it and brought back another one.  I could see him walking back to our table with another plate and as he was walking, he was scratching on the plate to get the last of the smudge off of it!  Was still dirty!!!!   A small speck of black was on it. YUCK!!!!!  I asked the female server who took our order for another place and she brought a cleaner one out and apologized.    As we were eating our food, which wasn't as good as I remember it to be when I used to frequent this place often.  I saw the server that gave me two dirty places walking around, working obviously, but at one point picked his NOSE!!!!   Omg!!!!   At that point I dropped everything and told my boyfriend lets get the check and get out of here.    Wtf!!!!   That server had no sense of health of any of us dining there!  He should have his health card revoked immediately!!!!    I thought about bringing it to the attention of a manager but thought to myself why bother...I'm never coming back here ever!     The only thing good about this experience is at the server that took our order and checked back on us was nice.  But that isn't enough to bring me back here.
1 This place was a big disappointment! I'll keep it short & simple. Server was slow as molasses and not into her job. I ordered a chicken Caesar salad ..easy enough , right? Nope...yellow lettuce, chicken tasted gross and barely any dressing . Manager asked if I wanted a new one...uhhh no! If you can screw up a salad then you got probs! Service slow..food not up to par. Waste of time & money .  I've been to another Brio in Cali ...guess I'll stick with that one because that one is fabulous!
4 My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary and man was it delicious. We started with drinks I got the peach Bellini and he got the raspberry mojito. I must say the Bellini was ok but just ok it was really sweet and thick and kind of hard to choke down. The mojito on the other hand was freaking delicious I really recommend trying the mojito it was refreshing and had a nice fruit flavor with not to much mint.   For the entree I got fettuccine Alfredo cuz I'm kinda picky and it is my favorite pasta dish ever!! It was so yummy! It was rich and the pasta was cooked perfect and of course I got extra cheese. It was very filling and the portion sizes were on point.   We didn't opt for dessert because we were so full it was ridiculous but the dessert menu did sound really good and I definitely want to try one next time we go.   The decor is really nice and the service was great we never didn't have bread which is pretty damn awesome cuz you gotta always have bread with Italian food. I highly recommend this restaurant for an intimate date night or an anniversary it was amazing and my only complaint is I wish the Bellini wasn't so sweet! A+ Brio
4 Great dinner at Brio. Server Joey was extremely friendly and outgoing.   Asparagus and prosciutto ham bruschetta was amazing. My wife got veal Milanese which was above average. I got the lamb chomps medium rare, which were good but over cooked (medium well).  Chocolate lava cake and ice cream good way to end the meal.  Definitely will be back!!
1 Opted for a small/quick Sunday lunch at Brio with my two kiddos in Town Square, as it was on my radar of nicer restaurants in Town Square for my fiancé's birthday party reservations later this week. I left feeling pretty disappointed.   I don't like waitstaff who start out very nice and then snub you when you just order an appetizer and drinks. It was lunchtime, not prom night. Geezus. Our waiter's attitude changed instantly when we ordered a bruschetta, kids meal and drinks. He actually said, "That's it?"  He never came back to check on our drinks or to clear dishes. He was in an ass-kissing conversation with the table across from us when he dropped off the check, it was an absolute after thought.   The bruschetta sampler was delicious, and my daughter liked her kids lasagna, but I won't be coming back thanks to the service. I am not willing to risk putting our group of friends & family through crappy service for an expensive, special occasion dinner.   I understand that society believes it acceptable to tip off the dollar amount of a meal. This is why waiters get annoyed when you don't spend the big bucks, I get it. I, however, tip off the quality of the service. I believe a customer who orders an ice tea deserves the same great service as a customer who orders a $500 meal.   Sorry, Brio. Epic FAIL.
3 This place is very nice inside. Fancy. The food was good but I wouldn't rate it more than 3 stars. They do have a pretty nice presentation though
5 Went there for lunch today.  Had a soup and salad,  excellent.   But I have to say our waiter was probably the best I have ever had in any restaurant.   I mean ever.   He was probably 30 or so,  but he was phenomenal in all aspects of serving.   Kudos to Brio,  great hire!!!   It is so nice when the food great and the wait staff if equally as great.   Totally enjoyable lunch.
5 I love this place, especially when we have nice weather here in Vegas. In the summer they let you sit outside and they turn on the misters for you. But we went on a beautiful Sunday afternoon for some LUNCH! and we were hungry!   I usually always get the pastas, but my girlfriend had the crab and shrimp cakes which were really good. I had the pasta brio which was good, from what I remember. And my friend Vanessa had the grilled salmon angel hair pasta.  Its a nice quiet atmosphere, and its always nice to walk around town square after.   Good place to take someone on a date.   MUST TRY!
5 I love this place!  Their pasta is always al dente and dishes always pleasing to the eye and palette.  I consider this place to be one of my favorites and will continue to come back.
1 The food is always consistently good, BUT the service at the bar is horrendous.  My friends and I come here often and sometimes get the same bartender, Nicole M #224.  She is not attentive or pleasant.  It's always the same with her, so I finally decided to speak up.  I'm not sure how management allows this.
2 Went with some friends with happy hour and was disappointed. The food was not good, the only fish we enjoyed was the eggplant with shrimp. We sent everything else back unfinished, especially the beef carpaccio.  The drinks were ok, but had very little alcohol.  Overall I would not come back.
3 Solid food. Neither spectacular nor bad. Good service. Sit outside.
1 This review is for Brio Tuscan Grille's happy hour, but frankly, considering how poorly happy hour went, I'm never coming back here to try their lunch or dinner. I wanted to try a new happy hour and had heard good things about Brio's food. I took my sister with me to try it out and off we went.  As soon as the first thing happened, I knew I should have just turned back around and tried another restaurant at Town Square. What happened? There were three employees up at the front of the restaurant chatting with each other and when we entered, I said two for happy hour. The guy said happy hour hour was on the patio and turned back to chatting with his fellow employees. I had never been to Brio before and wasn't sure how to get to the patio. Did he want me to go outside to gain access? Through the restaurant? His arm gesture wasn't too exact. So I asked how to get there, trying to subtly convey "Could you walk us there?" but nope. The guy just kept arm gesturing and said to sit out on the patio.  Fine. We walk through the restaurant and exit out a door to the patio. We see an empty table and sit down to wait for a waiter. Five minutes or so later, a harried waiter comes by and asks if we were seated by the front. I said no, we were here for happy hour and the guy up front just told us to sit out on the patio. Apparently the real tables were not meant for people during happy hour and that the couches by the fire pit was designated for happy hour. Uh, that was not mentioned, and this time I flat out asked if the waiter could show us this area. He did and I have to say, the area for happy hour sucked. The tables were made out of some flimsy material (some kind of flexible wood? I don't know) and the chairs/couches were terrible for eating on.  The waiter said he didn't know which waiter was going to serve us, but he would find out. I thought that was strange, but didn't think much of it. Again, another thing that should have made me just walk out with my sister and try another restaurant at Town Square instead. He came back and said he was our waiter and the entire time, he was just twitchy, like he didn't want to serve us. I guess it's because we were doing happy hour and by default, happy hour customers' bills won't be as high as someone just having dinner? Which is a stupid reason but one I kept leaning towards the longer we stayed at Brio.  I ordered a vodka martini which reads on the menu "Sobieski Vodka your way: Dirty or Dry with an Olive or Twist." When I ordered it, however, the waiter never gave me an option on how I wanted the martini. When it was served to me, I took a sip and nearly spat it out. It tasted terrible. If it wasn't for the fact that I paid for alcohol, I would have just set it aside, but I finished it because I paid for it and I wasn't going to waste it (but I definitely wasn't happy drinking something I didn't like).  As for happy hour food, we ordered tomato margherita flatbread, brio burger, and crispy cheese ravioli to share between us. The order took awhile to get to us and when it arrived, the burger was cold and the chips on top of it were stale. It was a dish I thought my sister would enjoy the most because it's a burger, but she refused to eat it after one bite. Instead she ate most of the ravioli. The flatbread was okay, just okay, but it's not something I'd want to pay for.  After a disappointing meal and happy hour (sad hour), I asked the waiter as he passed by for the check. I wanted to leave and wash away this disappointment. It took him awhile to hand me my bill and then it took even longer for him to return with my credit card. At that point my disappointment slipped into frustration. Why the heck would a restaurant have a happy hour if they don't want to have a happy hour? Because that's how it felt like. The seating for happy hour was terrible, the staff was terrible, the customer service was certainly terrible, and whether they were short staffed or not, don't act like you don't want me there because I'm going for happy hour and not expensive dinner prices.  Brio Tuscan Grille is one place I will never go to again and, frankly, I will always anti-recommend to people whenever possible. If I could give this place negative stars, I would.
4 I have been to Brio many times at Town Square and once at Tivoli.  Tonight the service was so so, but the food was the star again.  This time I had the steak salad.  Often times restaurants just "phone it in" on steak salad, but this one was fantastic.  I asked for medium and it was cooked perfectly, very well seasoned meat.  I asked for no pecans and asked for the creamy parmesan dressing instead of the horseradish.  In my opinion, it is THE BEST dressing there.  I will always enjoy a visit to Brio.
1 We had reservations 6 last night, and, based on my experience at the Park Meadows/Colorado location, I was very excited to partake in some yummy Italian food. We were seated promptly by a friendly hostess, but that's where any semblance of good service ended. The waiter completely forgot to bring bread and butter and was very difficult to catch when we tried to ask for some.   Our starters came quickly. Our entrees also came quickly. So quickly, in fact, that there was no room on the table for any of them, and we were left scrambling to finish our salads while the busboy wedged in main courses.   I ordered shrimp and lobster ravioli, which I've had previously at the Colorado location. Apparently this one doesn't serve it, so the waiter changed my order to fettuccine and neglected to tell me. I did not want fettuccine. The busboy kept trying to give me the plate I hadn't ordered until, a good 5 minutes later, the waiter showed up and allowed me to order something new. By this point, I was stressed out that the rest of the party would be finished by the time that my meal came out. From what I remember, the roast chicken was good, but since I was trying to inhale it, not much made an impression.  Last but not least, my friend and I ordered the same dessert - creme brulee. My dish clearly hadn't been cleaned properly before the new brulee was made, since it had rubbery, burnt on bits at the bottom on the ramekin. That, however, paled in comparison to my friend.  She found several different kinds of paper inside her dessert - what looked like a sizeable piece of paper towel and tissue. Like the rest of the night, the waiter never came by to check in, so the issue was never resolved.  Ew.
1 I was brought here by a friend for happy hour. supposedly there were hot chicks here.  The food SUCKS bangladeshi taxidriver assholes. If you want to know what a bangladeshi taxi drivers asshole tastes likes...please try brio.  Brio is basically the mcdonalds, or wendys of italian food.  The crowd here is on the trashier side. The one at tivoli has the same shitty food, but with a more prosperous and much older crowd. The good news is tivoli has live music in the summer. I will probably be going there for *drinks only* whenever they have music.
5 Wooooow. My girlfriend discovered a Groupon for their Bruschetta Quattro (sampler of all 4 signature bruschetta options), free with 2 entrees. We went for that, and we left impressed.  First of all, Phillip was one of the best servers we've had anywhere. He always came by with perfect timing, gave great advice on drinks, and when we ordered a salad to share, he split it onto two plates before bringing it out without us even making that request!  Next, the food was phenomenal! I had the carbonara camponelle & my lady had the carbonara pomodora (I'm sure I spelled those wrong). OMG...the camponelle was amazing - butter, bacon, chicken Alfredo sauce with a taste of bacon in the sauce. I don't think I'll ever order something different.  The drinks were good & location in Town Square is convenient. We'll be going back and requesting Phillip's section!
5 Came here for lunch today and couldn't be more pleased. Great service, great decor, great food and an exceptional Bellini.   The soup of the day was tomato bisque and it was the 2nd best tomato bisque I've ever had, just delicious. I had the lunch special, Mezza Chicken with mashed potatoes and roasted vegi's and it was good, 4 stars. The 5th star was for the amazing peach Bellini and tomato bisque. The next time I am in Vegas, I will definitely be back!
5 One of the best happy hours in Las Vegas. Great food (spicy shrimp, caprese, flat breads). Great drinks. Can't beat the prices. Great ambiance inside or outside.
4 Last night's dinner at Brio was wonderful! Our waitstaff Rosie was superb! She deftly attended to our party and we never had to ask for anything. The atmosphere was warm and inviting. I had the Chicken Limone. The lemon sauce was tart like I like it and the chicken was tender and juicy. The veggies of carrots and zuchini were standard. The mashed potatoes were good. The dessert! Oh the dessert I had! The chocolate lava cake was scrumptously delicious!!! Triple yummy for chocolate lovers :) I will definitely visit again.
3 Great ambiance and service was impeccable. The food is just okay, definitely over-salted. We had the kids cheese pizza (which was generous in size), ceasar salads, the roasted vegetable panini and risotto.
5 My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place! If we could eat this everyday, we would do with a smile on our face every time.  We always get the beef carpaccio. The. Best. Thing. Ever. Everything about this appetizer is delicious. If you can handle rare beef then I suggest you try this appetizer. It's so good one time my bf and I went and they were all out of the beef carpaccio.  My boyfriend always gets the lobster bisque and every time he orders it. He's never disappointed. Ever.  For me, I either order their lamb chops or their salmon. Always really good and tasty.  As far as customer service, they are very kind and polite. Always on top of things I don't recall them ever asking them to refill my drink.   I didn't hesitate giving This restaurant 5 stars if that's not a good enough for you guys then I don't know what is.
5 This restaurant gives a high end look without killing your wallet. The service is great, the atmosphere both indoor and outdoor is welcoming, the noise level is more reasonable compared to C-cake Factory (still like them too). This is one of the few restaurants here that have a outdoor fireplace and lounge. It also include heat stand and mist so it's inviting on all situation except gusty harsh wind. The bar is accessible indoor and outdoor as well. There is an event room that you can reserve as well.   My comment to Brio web  I know there are high end restaurant at the Vegas strip but we try to avoid it as much as possible. My wife and I like to keep it simple but nice. Yesterday was our anniversary and we even included our boys to celebrate. Our waiter Joey wasn't just only attentive but greatly helpful on giving an extra service such as picture taking and pulling pranks on our boys (It was April Fools day). He's definitely our top five friendliest and easy-going server I've ever met. Your restaurant indulge us with elegance but still maintain an inviting atmosphere. I have been and still continuing to recommend your restaurant with my friends and coworkers. I hope they get Joey or someone similar to him on giving excellent service. Thank you.
3 Service during happy hour in the bar area is just so-so. The service in the actual restaurant is excellent. Shrimp and eggplant is my favorite appetizer.
4 Hmm...well, we went back and made the mistake of NOT requesting Phillip's section, and the experience was as different as night & day.  After being seated, we waited 10 minutes and no one came by our table. After waving down a server not assigned to our table, we finally got water. After our appetizer came out, the runner took back one of the app plates to return with a different plate (that wasn't wet or dirty or something), but despite passing our table 5 more times, he never returned.  Our waiter never came back by the table to check up, refill water or bread. He only came by after we commented to another waiter, twice, to ask my girlfriend if she wanted more alcohol... "No thanks, buddy, I'm good on water over here."  The food was still delicious, but we won't come back without making sure we get seated in Phillip's section. The service manager was so kind to comp our meal this time, which is what will keep us coming back - an appreciation for customer service. Ultimately, this is still a great restaurant with amazing food and typically excellent service.
1 As you can see I do not review very often (or at all). I felt this place should be reviewed though. I work long  hours and many days of the week and I happened to have some time off to spend with my wife and my 2yr old son. I thought it would be nice to go "try out the Italian place in Town Square." They have outdoor seating and I love Italian food. I have ate at many of the other restaurants there in Town Square but not Brio.  When we get there we asked to be seated outside since that was one of the reasons for choosing the place. We sit and wait a few minutes but not too long for the waiter to come by and take our drink orders. He leaves and is gone for a while but then comes back with waters which we didn't order but that is ok. Still waiting on my beer though. He eventually makes his way back to our table with my beer and takes our orders.   After he leaves I take a nice big drink from my beer to realize the glass is dirty!! Now I'm a aircraft mechanic, I don't mind being dirty and have a certain tolerance for dirty, but when you charge 8 bucks for a beer I would like it in a clean glass or at least one that isn't sticky!!  Now I wait a while for the waiter to come back to let him know the glass is dirty so he can replace it. Once again he finally shows up so i could inform him of the issue. He apologizes and says he will be right back. He does come right back with a new glass and proceeds to pour the beer from the dirty glass to the "clean" one. No bullshit. Isn't that like scooping water from the toilet bowl and calling it clean? Needless to say I drank the water.   I ordered one of the 14oz steaks since I was happy to spend time with the family. I ordered it medium because thats the way I like it. However, I got it well done, so well done the edges were burnt to s crisp! You got to be kidding me. A 30 dollar steak that you cooked all the flavor out of! I eat it because I am not the kind of person that will fuss about an overcooked steak only to get a properly cooked steak with spit in it. Especially after the dirty beer incident.   I don't normally turn back food or complain since I am easily pleased but I think for a 100 dollar meal you should be pretty damn happy with all aspects of the service.   I will never go here again! There are plenty of places to eat at Town Square and new ones are opening all the time. I'm hoping soon there will be a new opening in the Brio location.   Do yourself a favor......eat somewhere else.
5 We booked Brio for a small wedding reception from across the country, sight unseen, and were pleasantly surprised with the venue. Not only was everything arranged just as I had requested for our dinner, but the food was amazing (steaks were cooked perfectly) and the service was excellent!
4 balsamic strawberry chicken salad, one of the best salads I have ever had. I munched off of my friends dishes and everything was good, don't remember what they ate by name maybe post pictures sometime.  Drinks were really good as well.
4 Every time we visit Vegas we eat here.  Wonderful atmosphere and great food.  James was our server, who was very friendly. Our table had the lamb chops, lasagna, chicken Milanese, pasta pesto, gluten free sausage pasta, sampler dessert, cream brûlée, ricotta cheesecake, chocolate cake w/ vanilla Ice cream.   Every dish was flavorful, and well worth it for the prices. We'll definitely continue to return....
5 We ate here for brunch with my daughter and her family. We had an 11:30 reservation which they kept despite it getting somewhat crowded. our server came almost immediately and took our drink orders. They had a very limited brunch menu. I chose a Tuscan Omelet (egg whites with sausage and veggies inside). fluffy and delish! My wife chose a chicken club sandwich. She was only able to finish half but it was great. this was a first rate meal. My only criticism is that there only a very limited number brunch items on the menu.
4 It was a very good time. The food was delicious (had the grilled mahi mahi and my buddy had the grilled salmon), service was excellent, and helpful servers.  I would stay away from the fried calamari.  It was really greasy and more batter than meat. The design to the restaurant was pretty neat.
5 I have eaten here many times. The sourdough bread in the bread basket is outstanding!  I always get the lobster bisque, just so I can eat more bread.   The chopped salad is my favorite!  Seems like it would be boring, but I love it. Lots of flavor!  The service can be pretty slow, but it's always very friendly. Since the restaurant is so busy, I kind of expect service to be slow.   Originally, I was going to give them 4 stars. I bumped it to 5 because of how friendly and easy they were to work with. I had to deliver a wedding cake there. Many venues don't allow the cake to get there too early, but they let me deliver it early and they carefully stored it and presented it to the client.  It was 3 tiers. Outstanding business to business service!
1 Management was very unaccomodating for minor requests in regards to large party reservations.
5 We had the pesto pasta with a side of Alfredo, half chicken and mashed potatoes, and the lamb chops! It was all so delicious and the bruschetta Quattro was amazing! I loved the tomato and mozzarella!  The lamb chops were by far the best I've had, not greasy at all and very flavorful! The mashed potatoes were also cooked so fluffy and delicious!
5 I love brio so much it hurts. I always have great service. Professional, friendly and attentive!  My husband and I frequent here for dinner dates since it was the location of our first date when I realized I needed this hunk in my life.  We've sat outside and inside and at the bar and liked all areas. all their pastas are to die for and my husband usually gets the salmon I believe. Or some sort of fish entire. He always loves it.   And for. The amazing service and quality of food its such a great price.  I'm usually not a fan of chain restaurants but I love me some brio!!
3 I really enjoy this place! Although I went there for my birthday and my boyfriend treated me to a lovely dinner, the waitress was not wanting us to stay long. Yes, we were there for a little while drinking our bottle of wine, but our waitress said "hey guys, I wanna go home, can I close out with you?" And she said this about three times through our meal. I don't like feeling rushed. Even though she was very nice, being rushed on my birthday was slightly upsetting. But overall the food was very nice.
5 Wow. What can I say? The place is boomin, so there was a short wait understandably, but only 15 minutes to seat 7 people? That's no time at all. The atmosphere, with the old paintings and Roman look, is great. I would decorate my place like that if I could. Next, the service. Our waitress' name was Kimberly, and she was great. Very attentive and a fantastic personality. She got a good tip for sure. Lastly, the food. Frickin fantastic. I had a mushroom ravioli with an alfredo sauce that knocked my socks off. I also tried the tortellini and lasagna that was also just as good. I would recommend this place to anyone, especially lovers of Italian food.
3 Beautiful decor, very pleasant and attentive service.  I had lunch.  The lobster bisque was absolutely delicious - but it would have been nice if my bowl was filled as opposed to a half portion.  The Caesar salad was nothing more than a few morsels of romaine hearts, one cruton and a a teaspoon of salad dressing.  That was a bit of a disappointment and I left hungry.  I'm sure pastas and other entrees would have been a better choice.
5 In the past I came to dinner. This time I came here for lunch at 1130 AM. The first time I've ever seen the place totally empty. I needed to get out relatively fast. My server I should make that with the place is this empty, there would be no problem getting the food in a hurry. She did not lie. . I ordered the barbecue chicken pizza from the appetizer menu . In other restaurants when I order pizza there is at least a 15 to 20 minute wait before this pizza is ready. The pizza was on my table within 10 minutes. And it was delicious. The crust was sweet and soft ( a little chewy, just the way I like it). The pizza itself was not overwhelmed with the barbecue chicken sauce flavor. There was an abundance fresh greens that decorated the top of the pizza. A lunch for one for under $10 before the tip. Such a good deal!
5 After doing a little shopping, decided to stop in for a bite to eat!  Service was great, and the ambience was nice!  Wasn't too hungry so just had a salad and a cocktail.  Great experience!
5 Went there on my birthday and had a great time! All the food was delicious, and the dessert was to die for. I've been wanting to check this place out for quite some time and it did not disappoint. The service was excellent as well, we didn't go a single moment with empty drinks and the server actually listened to each and every request, and responded promptly- wow! It's tough to find good service these days but brio delivered! Thanks for the fantastic meal, I'll certainly be returning!
5 Wow.  What a nice surprise.   My husband and I were vacationing in Vegas and were sick of the constant stimulus of the strip.  This place was recommended for a quiet meal with a romantic vibe.  Let me tell you--Service is important to those who've worked in the service industry. (I used to be a waitress. I know how hard the job is!)  Boy, did we get blessed.  Tamara was our server.  Her bubbly and genuine smile really stood out from the glazed and frozen grins we were starting to get used to.  My husband ordered the salmon salad and said it was a large but perfectly filling light meal. Tamara dealt with my modifications to their Garden Salad and handled it like a CHAMP! The grilled chicken added to salad was so juicy!  It definitely wasn't some 'garbage' chicken that couldn't be used in another dish. (Again, I know how restaurants work...)  Tamara  wasn't miffed that we weren't drinking and ordered Pelligrino. But, THIS is Vegas and she did tempt my husband to stumble...off his low-carb diet!  Per Tamara's suggestion, John ordered the light cheesecake bite AND the peanut butter cup. (When he falls off the bandwagon...forget about it!) He said Tamara's taste buds were right on the money KA-CHING! Her cheesecake won top billing.  If we lived in Vegas I could definitely see us coming here a lot.  In fact, every time we stop by Sin City, we will be nabbing a table here.   Great job, Tamara. You made this incredible restaurant an experience we will definitely remember. With a smile and attitude like that, the world is your oyster!
5 Had scheduled a Meetup for Happy Hour with a big group of people. Happy hour is only available in their bar area (too small for big groups) & their patio. Well unfort. found out that day due to the Vegas winds they close their patio so I was stuck having a big group coming & expecting Happy Hour menu prices. Luckly I spoke with the manager, Craig who was so nice to accommodate for my group & I & set us up in their Chef's room with Craig as our waiter. They let us order off of the HH menu. Was so grateful that my plans were not ruined & I wouldn't be disappointing my Meetup groups!! Thank you so much Craig!!! Craig, our waiter was great too! They have great choices for drinks & food on their HH menu. Fried ravioli is so yummy! Along with their shrimp & eggplant dish. I was soooo full due to their reasonable servings! The Rosa Sangria is delicious & light! I have been here before & definitely  will go back & highly recommend  this place!!!  Town Square is such a great location too with lots of shopping to do afterwards & walk off the food!
4 Really good italian food for a decent price! There is usually a long wait.. We had to wait for an hour, but the ambiance and quality of food was worth it! I ordered the pasta alli vodka. Delicious!
5 very awesome Patio great food enough said
5 GRREAT place to go to..its a little off the strip, but well worth the travel.
4 My wife and I came for a quick lunch during one of our visits to LV.  Knowing that we were in a little rush, they brought our food quickly with a smile. The service was courteous and speedy. Try the creme brûlée!
5 Hopefully someone who is gluten-free by necessity reads my reviews. Amazing, delicious, incredible are the words I would use to describe the gluten-free Chicken Pomodoro. I ate it all and the only thing that would have made the meal total perfection is a gluten-free baquette. Seriously folks, I would pay extra just to be able to reach into a bread basket, slather it with butter and then swipe my bowl with the crust.
3 Good location, nice staff and well decorated restaurant. I got the salmon dinner. The salmon was very salty and over-seasoned... And this comes from a girl who loves salt! The sides it came with were pretty good, but I would suggest trying a different plate.
4 My most recent visit was not my first visit. Actually, it is among quite the few. Brio has been a pretty good go-to restaurant for a nice sit down dinner with a variety of meat or pasta choices.   I was introduced to Brio about 5 years ago. And it has yet to completely fail me. Even with a recent experience of not mine, but two of my friend's Rack of Lamb order, they had messed up the temperature on the meat twice. One returned to the waiter, second time, even the manager and chef had come out. GREAT service and customer satisfaction.   My most recent visit was for a friend's graduation party. She had made reservations a day prior. Upon arrival, took maybe 10 minutes from arrival to having table ready. Not bad? Had came here for my b-day as well last august, and it took about the same amount of time for getting table ready.   We were seated in the back room (first time sitting in that room) in a 7 person round table.   At first, service was pretty good. Quick for drink orders and first round of bread came pretty fast. But went downhill from there. I had asked the waitress for more bread. My friend had asked another person for more bread. Because we had 7 people, the first round's two bread baskets disappeared fairly quick. Let's say, all our entrees came out, and was more than 1/2 way through it before one new basket of bread came out. Could easily say it was at least 30 minutes. This was just bread. If the bread is being baked or not ready, at least tell us ! The bread was good too ! first round of bread, nice and hot. i wanted more ! *sad face*   I had ordered the Bistecca Alla Fiorentina (14 oz. Strip Steak served with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables) - $28.45 - Seasoned well. Meat temperature was perfectly medium rare, like i had ordered. Mashed potatoes were creamy and rich. Roasted vegetables were... well... roasted vegetables. Lol. The one thing i dont understand about restaurants is why do they insist on using serrated steak knives? Not only do they rip through the meat, requires extra force to hold down the meat so it wont move while the serrated edge rips through..... Im not sure if its a safety thing or what... id much prefer a sharp non-serrated knife that allows me to cut through cleanly. Even if the meat quality is low and not cut through like butter, it still wont rip through... just make me make a few more passes before it cuts through.. personal little irk that bothers me i guess.   One of my friends had ordered the Brio Sliced Steak Salad (Mixed greens, tomatoes, Gorgonzola, mushrooms, candied pecans and creamy horseradish dressing, topped with grilled tenderloin and a balsamic glaze) - $15.95 - chopped greens topped with a tenderloin. Salad itself looked good and wonderfully dressed. The amount of meat she got was very little. I dont know if it really is a tenderloin but dang... i'd estimate the amount of meat that was there to be maybe 3 - 4 oz. For such a big salad, it was quite... tiny   In previous visits, i have tried the Gorgonzola Crusted Bistecca as well as the Roasted Lamb Chops.   Gorgonzola Crusted Bistecca - (Perfectly seasoned topped with Gorgonzola. Served with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables.) 8oz filet $29.95, 14oz strip $28.95 - essentially the same as the above listed Bistecca Alla Fiorentina but topped with a gorgonzola crust. Adds a nice flavor but the seasoning on the crust plus possible seasoning on the steak may double up and be a bit salty.   Roasted Lamb Chops (Full rack, perfectly seasoned New Zealand lamb chops, with red wine veal sauce, mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus) - $29.45 - when done right, perfectly cooked and seasoned. tender and juicy. you get i believe 5-6 lamb chops. decent size. great for lamb lovers who may not want a steak. good alternative.   Overall, despite the occassional lack of service, its still a favorite place to go among myself and some friends.
1 Came here of a business dinner with my crew, and regretted this choice. Seemed like an over priced Olive Garden with tacky decor. Yikes!  Wish we went elsewhere.
5 Came here for a quick lunch today , food was great and outstanding services . I will definitely be back with to celebrate my daughters birthday . I Highly recommend this place .
4 Very simple to review, this is one of my favorite restaurants. Brio offers good, quality dishes, although not true Italian, at reasonable prices prepared quickly by well trained cooks and to top it off their serving staff is better than many high(er) end restaurants. Top it off with choice of indoor and outdoor dining. Most often I order one of the penne dishes, all are very good, the Sunday Brunch menu also recommended, the only item I would not order again is Lasagna and that's only because I was brought up on real Italian lasagna, ravioli, gnocchi and spaghetti, so for ny personal liking it had to much meat and mozzarella and not enough, if any, ricotta. All in all, a must try.
3 We had a discount coupon for this restaurant and visited for the first time. Upon arrival we discovered the majority of the seating is outside on an enclosed covered patio. Even though they had heat lamps it was chilly. We decided to wait for an indoor table. The wait lasted almost 30 minutes and there's very little area to stand in while waiting.  This restaurant has a VERY lively bar that you can also dine at. It was full and loud. The layout of the restaurant is laid back but accommodates few tables in the main dining area. The entire end of the restaurant restaurant is taken up by the trio that plays on the weekends. Fearing the noise we were happy to find that the trio played familiar but low keyed music that didn't interfere with the dining experience.  Now the food. It was very good with emphasis on Italian naturally. We ordered different items and all were quite good with enough left over to take home. Our waiter was outstanding, friendly, competent and kidding. Every time he brought out a dish he would say, "Take a Picture". It was funny.  Anyway I don't think we will go back. While we enjoyed the food, the atmosphere just was found wanting. When you make a reservation that should ask if you want indoor or outdoor seating.
3 Normally this is a great place however tonight is not starting out well. We were seated and none of the servers seemed to know who was responsible for the table we were seated at so no one came by to offer us drinks or take our order for almost 10 minutes????  This is not the norm for this place but very disappointing.  Finally our drink order was taken, then the food order, after that getting drink refills was a challenge.  As I said this is not the norm but a reflection of the server we had.    We will be back to this place as the food is good, however if the service continues to excel, I will have a one on one with the manager.  I say give this place a try as the food is always great, the service is hit & miss.
4 Very good chicken piccata. Portion size was right, good amount veg and cooked perfectly. Skip the Sangria - better of with beer here. Drinks not this place specialty. Bit expensive but the "light" menu is probably the way to go.
2 Loved this place until today... Worst, rude service ever. This fake Australian ruined our date. He was so obnoxious and you could tell he didn't want to be there.   Side note: Don't ever just assume you're going to get a bad tip because you mess up once... You could always make it better. Instead you made it worse!
4 I'm a sucker for pasta and pizza, so Brio is totally my place! I lunched here a few days ago with my fiancé and his brother. We snagged a table outside and, even though it was blazing hot, we were kept cool by their awesome little misting machines built into the fence. Our waitress was Dominique and she was adorable and very friendly.   We ordered the Beef Carpaccio to start and it was fantastic. I ordered a flatbread pizza and was pleasantly surprised-- I was expecting a long, thin flatbread with toppings, but I actually received a cracker thin crust pizza with gooey, browned cheese and crisp pepperonis. Delish! We also ordered mimosas, but they weren't very cold... but that's my only complaint.
4 Came here for the late night happy hour last Monday, which is from 9 pm to close, and no surprise it wasn't very crowded at all. We had mostly drinks but ordered a couple appetizers too including the margherita flatbread. Everything on the happy hour menu is priced between $4-$6 and the drinks seemed decently strong. The flatbread was nice and crunchy and a pretty good size. Service was efficient and our server kept coming back to check on us the entire time we were there. Our food and drinks came out pretty fast. I was impressed and would definitely come back to check out their full menu
5 The chicken under the brick is axing along with the eggplant and shrimp appetizer it's a must try
4 Came here for lunch with coworkers, had grilled salmon angel hair pasta. The salmon is pretty good, but a very small portion. One of my coworker keeps saying he is hungry right after lunch :)
4 Always an enjoyable dining experience at the Brio.  Not surprised by the 30 minute wait on a saturday night.  Pork chop was juicy and nicely seasoned.  Even picked up the bone to finish it off.  Small tiramisu cup to finish off dinner...perfect size.
4 4 of us went for a birthday celebration. Very attentive and food was good.
4 Town Square is always a fun choice. Brio has a lot of options and whether dining at the bar or dining room you can't go wrong.   One of the better happy hours in town square and the reverse is even better. When the weather is great sit outside and people watch!!
3 Town Square is always a fun choice.   Brio has a lot of options to choose from whether you are dining at the bar or in the dining room, you can't go wrong.   They have one of the better happy hours in Town Square. The happy hour menu is a great way to try a variety of items and choose what you like.   When the weather is nice... be sure to sit outside and people watch!
5 Abby was amazing! She is such a sweetheart and accommodates to anything we needed! Brio is amazing due to her hospitality #teamabby we will ask for her every time!
5 Great food! Our server was Jasmine, she gave us good suggestions. We had awesome pasta dishes. Wonderful evening
3 Love relaxing in the outside patio seating area and the happy hour menu is great! My fav drink here is the white peach sangria and I order an off the menu Steak Caesar Salad!
5 First time going to Brio and it was the most delicious thing ever! My friend told me to get the Peach ballini, i have been craving it ever since. We ordered calamari, caprese salad, lobster soup i think it was, and salmon with spaghetti and i think a scampi sauce. everything was soo tasty. I cant wait to go back again. The salmon plate was a little too lemony but it was still good. Our server was very nice as well.
4 If this review was solely based on the happy hour it would be a solid 5 star . So if your like me and you hunt for the best happy hours out there this is definitely one of the best ! They have huge portions and the food deals are $4,$5 & $6 .   I like the beef carpaccio $4, black pepper shrimp $6, caprese salad $5 and the eggplant fries $4. They also have good deals for the drinks . But keep in mind that happy hour is available only in the bar area ! It's from 3:30-6:30 Monday - Friday .   I've eaten here non happy hour a few times , and it was okay , it's a totally different experience in my opinion. I had the risotto and it was okay portions were good but it did not wow me .   The main area is really pretty and they have outdoor seating as well so you can people watch if that's your thing . For hot days , they also have mists to keep their patrons cool on their patio.   I love you brio !
5 My first time Brio. Based on review from fellow yelpers I decided to take my wife and try out the happy hour menu.  We loved everything we ordered and the service was great. I will definitely be back to Brio next time I'm in Town Square.
5 Great and Gorgeous my girl and I are having a delicious lunch in Tuscany paradise good is so good!!! And service is excellent the chipotle panini is amazing and my girl loved the low cal salmon plate perfect for couples brunch/dinner
4 Really friendly waitstaff; very attentive and aim to please.   The food was really good. I made a mistake and didn't realize pancetta was bacon (I don't eat pork or shellfish) and as soon as I realized it was bacon in my dish, they said "No worries, it happens all of the time, we'll take care of it!"  7 minutes later, I had a brand new dish without the piggy. My husband and friend both cleaned their plates, so in assuming they liked what they ordered.   The ambiance was nice. Open, well air conditioned, and not too loud.  I really have no complaints. I wasn't "wowed" but it was really tasty, and I can see myself coming again and again when friends are in town on the strip and we need a solid and central place to meet and dine. Town Square is great.   I'm going back next weekend with a group and if I have another great experience, I'll up it to 5 stars. :)
