4 I could eat here every day.  A short (but great) menu of salads, sandwiches, and appetizers. I had the soup of the day (cream of tortilla... wow) and split the bruschetta with someone else. Owned by the same people of course who own the other arcadia farms but now not as far south - delightful.   Attached to the Heard Museum North - so there's always a chance to look around after or before eating. Also there is seating inside or outside. It's quaint and cute, and a bit of the cafe version of a chick flick --- not really sure if guys would be all about it.  Only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because they're only open for lunch --- 10am to 3pm. (11am to 3pm on sundays)
4 A very pleasant place to eat This is the most hidden artwork in the museum.    I must not leave out I also give five stars to the lunch Cafe at the Heard.  Every item is hand selected and balanced with the other elements of the menu item.    I had the Turkey and brie, this came with sliced apples in the sandwich and melted Brie.  The Cafe's best seating is outside in the perfect Arizona weather shaded by trees and umbrellas.  The sound of moving water is heard as a small aqueduct guides water to a small pool.   Simply a perfect place to have lunch.  About the museum There is a lot that one can learn from the way of life of the Native culture and people of Arizona and the surrounding area.  From interactive maps to modern art, the Heard Museum has a strong reputation and a lot to offer to the young and old.
5 I would never have picked a museum cafe for lunch, even though it is practically in my own backyard, but with my friend's endless ravings about their Dreamcatcher Salad, I relented.  And I'm glad I did!  It's now become a staple for lunch meetings!  The dining area is bright and cheerful, but the outdoor patio is truly a delight on a beautiful day!  It is serene and is surrounded by a plethora of desert plants and a lovely water feature.  The menu is rather short on items, but long on freshness and flavor.  Many of the offerings lean towards Southwestern style.  I have found my favorites on the menu, in particular, the Hummus Veggie Wrap which is filled to the brim in a healthy spinach tortilla with Tepary bean hummus, tomatoes, roasted red bell pepper, grilled red onions, pepitas, smoked gouda, and romaine.  (I've tried to duplicate this wrap at home with underwhelming success!)  Each sandwich comes with the choice of salad or chips. The portions are hearty.  The service is attentive, but not intrusive.  An absolutely divine dine!
4 I always enjoy my girl's day out lunches here.  I went recently with a friend and both of us had several items in mind to eat.  The server suggested we do a shared plate.  the chef splits 2 meals on each plate and we each got the best of both worlds.  the chicken quesadilla with guac is delish  as was the salad.    I have also tried the wrap which is equally tasty.  The food is fresh, service is pleasant and atmosphere nice.  Visit the small museum after eating for a fun filled day.
5 Loved the food. Loved the service even more. Was helped by a little lady named Taylor. She was as sweet as could be and went the extra mile to help me and my mom! Would come back to the museum just to eat here!
