5 my sister and swear by this place....while i may be the only one who really likes subway, there is something very unique about port of subs.  it tastes fresher for some reason.   Thats probably becyase they slice the meat when you oder, and its not pre portioned like at some other places. The bread doesn't have any flavors like subway does, however, the generous portions of meat make up for that.  Bread only comes in white or wheat.     its located in the albertsons shopping center..you cant miss it, and if you do, look again..  place - clean service - nothing above ordinary food - great
4 "Just another subway" was my exact words as I walked in here with the hubs. He turned to me and said, "No, it's MUCH better".  He was correct!... the BLT had plenty of bacon as well as tomatos and lettuce. (I notice other sandwich shops have skimped on the meat and piled on more veggies to save money).  A bit more expensive (like Quizno's price), but does not have a strange or distinctive odor about the sandwiches or the place. Very clean! And they offer cookies that are bigger than my palm. I could sink my teeth into another one if they only had it in Arizona...
4 I've lived in Vegas for 3 years and somehow I'm just now trying this place! With Great Harvest closed today, no Jimmy Johns nearby, and Jersey Mikes long closed, this was our sandwich place of last resort today. It was surprsingly good.   I had the #1.. a basic Italian sub. I would say it's VERY similar to Jersey Mike's and definitely fulfilled a craving. I like that the meats are cut in front of you and they had a nice lineup of hot and cold subs.   Nothing mindblowing, but a great solid sub option in my neighborhood. Thank goodness I will never have to resort to Subway with Port of Subs around !
4 Always a good stop for a cold cut sammich, the staff is great, and the fresh cuts and bread have never disappointed.  This has quickly became one my favorite spots to grab a bite.  The time it takes to order and sit down or leave is great, staff seems to be of higher education level than Subway; I never have to repeat myself and I don't need to hold their hand through the entire process.  They know what their doing and the portions and over all look of the sandwich is great!  You can actually taste everything that goes on your food compared to some shops that just taste like bread with sauce on it.
5 This is easily the most friendly location! It's also clean and bright.   There's such a huge difference between a sandwich with fresh-sliced meat and one with meat that was cut sometime last week in a factory somewhere. Port of Subs reminds me a lot of Submarina, for those of you from California.   My favorite thing about this place? You can make any sandwich a salad. Best part? The employees at this location are not surprised at the request for a salad and they know how to do one right!
3 Most locations are usually the same but this branch's lettuce tends to always be soggy and the bread either over cooked or old.
5 Best location!! They always have great customer service! They get me in and out on my lunch break. The sandwiches are put together well and not all sloppy like some of the other locations make them. Also they actually put a good amount of meat on the sandwiches. I will drive a little further just to go to this location instead of the one by my house. 5 starts from me :)
2 I've been to this location a few times without any issue. I've been a fan of the 2 foot long sandwich deal. Today I want in and ordered a 2 foot long sandwich to go. The person prepping the sandwich skimped on ingredients. They usually load it up, but she only put 5 slices of cheese on the 2 foot long sandwich when she should have put 8. Same for a lot of the meat. Proportionally, there was a lot more bread in my sand which than usual. Disappointed.
3 I was so hoping I'd love Port of Subs because they have so many locations in Vegas but I concluded it's only OK.  The service was good.  Helpful cashier and quick sandwich maker but the product ... meats and cheese were freshly sliced and tasty but the bread wasn't as substantial and wasn't as tasty as some other sandwich shops.  The prices are good but not so good as to overcome the feeling that you're missing out by not spending a bit more across the street.
