5 lazy pool, a million different pools, floats, and an excellent spa. the pools here are just fabulous!
3 Gets very crowded but there are more than enough pools and chairs for your tannin' booty.
4 I was at the MGM pool on Memorial weekend and attending the Wet Republic Pool party on Sunday. Highly Recommended. Everyone attends Rehab at Hard Rock but that is just too overpacked and over-rated. Perhaps it was the awesome DJ performing( Deepdish) but overall the pools were relaxing, cabanas were comfy and the bar was great. No waits whatsoever. A+
1 The first time we stayed there- had a great time near the lazy river. Just recently went there- and it was CROWDED with party goers. I think the people that couldn't get into Wet Republic or were too cheap to pay the cover, hung near the lazy river. We're not cheap but it seem as it would be more crowded in Wet Republic.  I'm not a prude but I'm not in a big party group so different outlook.  The lazy river was crowded and surrounded by beer bottles and drinks.  I also want to say the volume of people in the water meant that the pool could not support all the sunscreen and dare i say other fluids to keep it clean- so i found it murky.  Once we went through the water...and noticed the cloudiness, we stepped out. Low and behold the next morning- bumps on my arms and legs.  I call it a (cess)pool.  there is shade somewhere but it's crowded so if you want a day by the pool, maybe invest in a cabana or go early to reserve your spot. I do enjoy the slushy cocktails though. Maybe better offseason when you could actually intertube through the river without some girl trying to stick her toe up your butt as you float by. Not really good for kids in that environment, but usually yes
4 The pool at MGM was nice; especially since it was free (we were staying at the MGM Signature). I am not sure if I would spend the extra money to come to this pool if I was not staying at the MGM. They had about 4/5 pools and a ton of free lounge chairs. The DJ was good and the drinks were the best price that we found all weekend. If you bought the special size (32oz) it was $21 but then it was only $9 refills. I really wanted to do the lazy river, but it would have cost us $16 a person to rent the raft so we waited until the end of the day. After the majority of the people went home we took two abandoned rafts and went on our way. The lazy river was okay....I defiantly do not think that it is worth the $16. Just wait until after 2 pm so you can do it for free!
3 Average.  We rented a cabana at the Director's Pool (18 and over only) for my birthday. I've had cabanas at other properties and this one seem to fall short. We were given only four sodas and two bottles of water and if we wanted extra, we'd have to pay. At other hotels, the cabanas include unlimited non-alcoholic drinks.    Although we didn't go to Wet Republic (we were hanging out with my senior citizen parents), it seemed like people were partying pretty hard. We'll check it out on our next trip but we'll probably skip the cabana.
3 It was super hot so Kamster and I headed for the pool. The first pool in MGM's complex of pools was way too crowded so we kept walking and found this little gem tucked away in the back. Barely any kids and loads of lounge chairs in the shade.  It was funny that we could hear the music coming from Wet Republic.  They closed up this pool around 4 which was wierd, I definitely could have hung out here for a few more hours.
5 Well we all know what a pool is meant to do and MGM's pool(s) certainly get the job done. Plenty of lounge chairs to lie about and tan in, cabanas for rent, plenty of towels, cocktail waitresses prowling the premises. Being that I went after summer season had long past [yes it stays warm in Vegas well into the beginning of November] I didn't get a chance to check out Wet Republic (adult fun) and a couple of the surrounding pools were closed as well. *Five stars* to the bar. Most delicous virgin strawberry daiquiri I have ever tasted.
4 We partied our ass off outside of Wet Republic.  We couldn't figure out why we'd have to wait in line to get into a smaller pool area.  We saw a bus load of girls get dropped off and when we asked staff what was going on they said that they worked here.  I can see why people would pay to get in but we were having way too much fun by the lazy river throwing back margaritas left and right.
5 I loved the Pool at the MGM! It was great and so much fun after a night/early morning of drinking my face off lol.. The lazy river is what made me fall in love with the pool area. I just floated around in my raft splitting a bucket of beers with my buddies, and than drinking margeritas. I love the pool cause it feels like a pool party; although you will run into kids and families outside of wet Republic, but the pool was so much fun we decided we didnt need to go to wet republic. They also have a fun pool where you can play volleyball, which was fun even though i dont ever play volleyball. the only downfall to the pool is its SO DAMN CROWDED, but I understand why the pool would be crowded in the middle of summer at vacation destination... I'm definitely going back this summer!
4 Buckets of Beer are $25. Set yourself up with a few of those, chill in the sun for a bit, then hop in the lazy river and float for a while. If you want to meet some ladies, hand out "best in river" to the hot ones.. as stupid as it sounds, it works in Vegas. True story.  Oh, wear sunscreen.. learned the hard way.
5 I have two very important words for you:  LAZY RIVER.  Though, admittedly, with as much booze as our group had consumed before we even arrived, there was no lazy about it.  There was just too much fun to be had.  Also stoked since we all thought we were going to have to put down an arm (and/or leg) for an intertube, but there were plenty just floating around begging to be taken.  The drinks are understandable expensive, but we went the swanky route and poured them strong up in the hotel room before donning our bathing suits.  And let me tell you, a red keg cub in the lazy river is the *definition* of class.    Also, go to the hot tub afterward - it's the *perfect* temperature and everyone in it is decidedly more fun than a normal hot tub.  On a warm day, this is fo shizzle the place to come.  FO SHIZZLE.
4 Nothing beats sitting by pool and drinking after a long night of drinking at the club. The MGM pools did not disappoint my group this past weekend. Even though we didn't get down to the pool until close to 1 pm, we were still able to snag two chairs together in one spot and three together a few feet away.  Drink service was a bit slow and the cocktail waitresses were not overly friendly. However, $25 for a bucket of beer made up for it with my group. Despite how many people were out at the pool area, none of the pools or lazy river were ever that crowded which was nice.   If you don't want to search for chairs, go early in the morning (Sunday morning around 10:45 am wasn't very crowded at all) or later in the afternoon because chairs started freeing up more and more the closer it got to 5 pm. My group spent both days at the Academy pool which is close to the entrance and near the Cabana Grill.  My only frustrating experience with the MGM pool was trying to rent a cabana. When I called the week before (per instructions), I was told I could only be put on a list. When I checked again Saturday (I was trying to get a cabana for Sunday), I was told that again they couldn't rent me one then but that I would get a phone call to let me know if I would get it. It was very frustrating especially since I didn't get a cabana in the end. I wish they would make the policy and reservation process more clear.  The number of pools (including a lazy river) and the layout of the pool area impressed me. MGM definitely has one of the better pool areas in Vegas.
5 Two words: Lazy River!! Weather your floating down it in a tube or drifting along with the current, as long as you have a drink in your hand and friends by your side, you're guaranteed to have an amazing time! There are waterfalls, random squirts of water, and jets that tickles your feet randomly. So much fun! I don't recommend taking kids there because there are party goers everywhere.  Random facts: $16 tube rentals $1 locker rental free towels
4 After lunch Nadia, Jackie, and I wanted to check out Wet Republic at MGM. When we got there we got rejected they told us the guest list was closed and we had to pay 10 bucks to go in. 10 bucks to hang out at the pool? I don't know about that. We then decided to just chill at one of the other pools in MGM. It was hot as hell but it was nice to be in the water and just watch people. I got to hang out with Nadia and Jackie is always fun and cool. Wish I got some jello shots at the pool. Next time I say.  Thank you Michael L for getting us towels and letting us borrow your sunscreen
3 nice pool areas but i think WAY too crowded. we found our way to a not so crowded pool with people of all ages and it seemed pretty chill at this pool. the other pools we walked by were filled to the brim with 20-something partiers looking to get drunk and have sex in the pool. can we say gross? all we wanted was to lie around and take a dip here and there to cool down. once the pool we were at closed, we had to find a new place to lounge. it was pretty hard given that there were so many people.
4 Since we couldn't get into Wet Republic (cuz they were charging $50 for guys and they didn't want to pay that much), we stuck to the regular pools at MGM.  The pools are pretty crowded and you might have to work to find a lounge chair, but they have plenty of pools to choose from.  I checked out the Academy pool, the Producer pool and the River pool, and the river pool was the coolest!  It's a long river where you can rent a floaty donut ($16 per day, which I think is too expensive, so we didn't end up getting one) and the current will move you down the river.  There's waterfalls and mists intermittently throughout the river.  The drinks at the pools cost more than the drinks in the hotel, so try to bring your own!   I heard there were more pools in the back, the adult pool and some other pool, but we didn't get to check those out.
3 about 3.5 stars  hands down much better than tao beach. that place doesn't let you drink while you're in the water, lame! and tao beach is tiny. granted, i didn't go to wet republic here, just their regular pools outside, but i think it was nice.  my friend and i bought our own drinks at fat tuesday, i got a 1/2 yard and she got a huge mug and met up with other friends at this pool. thanks goodness for knowing someone with a room key! i believe it's the only way to get in for free. it was great b.c they already had seats, which were in a shaded area.  now for the pool: once you step in, it's pretty refreshing. it may be a little too crowded, but get that and that fact that you are stewing in everyone's mess out of your mind, and you can have a pretty good time. i guess it doesn't help to have a couple drinks in hand.  beware: don't taste or swallow the water! i got some splashed on my face, and the shit tasted like nothing but salty nastiness. good thing i had my 1/2 yard to wash that down with the awesome taste of sin city juice.
4 My girlfriends and I had heard about this place from another friend we went with and it got a little sketchy when we tried to get in and they asked to see our room key.  We just played the "oops, silly me" card and he let us in anyway.  We wandered around and all the pools were packed, along with all the chairs.  But once we found a place to lay out near the Lazy River, we were GOLDEN!  The inner tubes cost $16 to rent or $20 to buy, and I'm cheap, so I just wandered through the water, swimming, walking, talking, floating...  Although I did purchase a $22 32oz yard drink, and it's only $9 to refill.  Just laying out and returning for a round down the river over and over, drinking all the while...  It was a beautiful thing.  I can't wait to return, the Lazy River seriously made my day!
3 Stayed here during the week for one night only, at the end of a long camping trip, basically just for the pool. The pools all close between 5 and 7 pm, so when we got there they were pretty much shutting everything down. Went back the next day to enjoy the endless river, which was pretty damn cool. Pool floats are a $16 rental, and the frozen drinks, while tasty, are a dollar per ounce and without much booze... None of the pools have deep ends, but the endless river makes up for it.  All in all, a pretty sweet pool in vegas, but definitely not the best.
5 Let's be real. I cannot imagine a better Saturday afternoon activity than drinking a yard-cup of sugary alcoholic frozen splendor and floating/walking down a lazy river all afternoon. Combine them and ... pure. magic.  Also, this place is a meat market. (Meet Market?) Regardless, listening to/receieving pick-up lines in Vegas are a sport in and of themselves.
2 If you want to go with your family the rating is a two, but if you're looking for somwhere to get your drink on it's a five . I am a father of five and don't drink. The pools get a two. We will do our staycationing at the  Mandalay Bay from now on.
4 The first day I didn't really venture out beyond the lazy river, so there were quite a few kids which was annoying.  Next day I went over to the more adult pools and enjoyed myself much much more.
5 I love, love, love Backlot River. Its become my haven in this heat. Where else can you find a mile of pool, allowing you to bring drinks in with you, bikini clad barbies and ken doll men galore? I go here 3-4 times a week and I LOVE it. Stop at Fat Tuesdays first and grab a Yard Dog and you're all set!
5 They have like 5 pools or something and all were playing music. We stayed around the lazy river because more ppl were there and they were up in there jammin! We were going to go to Wet Republic but the line was in the sun and it was taking all damn day to let people in and since the sun was burning my damn back up, we all left and went to the other pools.   We had went to Fat Tuesdays before going so we didn't go the bar to get drinks but they looked yummy and prices weren't that bad as you could get refills for a lower price. Overall, we had fun! Will definitely return if we stay the MGM next trip to Vegas.
4 FLETCHA!!!!!!  It had everything I could want in a pool... 5 pools, 3 hot tubs, and 1 lazy river to be precise. The drinks were ridiculously expensive. I wanted to celebrate being in Vegas with a virgin strawberry daiquiri but it was $10. Whaaa???  The optimal time to avoid icky drunk people and warm beer/pee in the water is the morning. Tschane and I rode the lazy river several times but since the shade there was limited we left by about 11am. The constant pop music they blast in the pool area is kind of annoying, but also quintessentially Vegas. Enjoy.
4 Never thought I'd be writing a review for a swimming pool, but here I am.  (Mental note: check out DC YMCA very soon.)  MGM's pool complex is a really nice oasis of relaxation -- minus the drunk, sunburned fools with 100 oz. souvenir MGM mugs, sucking down frozen daiquiris and shaking you by the shoulders while scream-slurring, "Vegasssh, bayybeee!  Get exshiteddd!  Why aren't you exshitedd?"  There's a lazy river (!!!), and it's fun to float a few laps around the complex -- but BOOOOO on you, MGM, for charging for a tube.  The lazy river is mostly where the aforementioned scream-slurrers hang out, but fortunately there are 5 other pools to escape to.  One of them is adults only and another is 14-and-up.  Barmaids circulate taking orders for $19, 20 oz. piña coladas or $7, 12 oz. Bud Lights in metal bottles, or whatever your little liver desires.  Riiip offff, but who's going to sit poolside *without* a tasty bev in Vegas?  Charge it to the room and forget about it.  And while Vegas as a whole provides endless opportunities for killer people watching, there's still no better place for it than the pool.  I got to scratch 6 species off my People Watcher's Life List at the pool alone this weekend.
5 This is hands down the best pool experience I have ever had in Vegas. 5 pools!?!?!? What?!?!?! Yes. 5 pools. 3 hot tubs. Lazy river. Awesome cabana service. Great place to celebrate your birthday :) Thank you cousins for taking me here!
3 The pool here is beautiful, but you're in a predicament because the hotel rooms are so far away (you have to walk through the casino) that you end up bringing cash with you or a credit card, but then you don't want to leave your lounge chair because you don't want someone to rifle through your stuff at the pool.  I was disappointed/shocked that the prices for the drinks were more expensive here than any other bar in MGM.  Since you have to be a guest of the hotel to go to the pool, I was annoyed that they were charging for inner tubes!
4 Lazy river!!!!  But boo on you for charging for rafts. We went on mother's day so it wasn't crowded. I wouldn't want to be here during a pool party though.
4 Just as the very name of MGM Grand applies, the pool at MGM *is* grand in its own manner. Absolutely huge, there are many places to wander and find solace in if you want to be by the party crowd, by the family crowd, by the music, or by poolside. I usually tend to set up post by the winding river that encircles the majority of the pool deck, just because there's nice eye candy to be passing by, and is a great way to meet and chat with some interesting folks. I would want to say the crowd is a little more younger there, considering the Wet Republic is just beyond the pool toward the back.  The only downfall is the price of the drinks, which IMO are *way* too expensive. I purchased a simple mojito that looked a little bit under 8 fl oz., and it nearly cost me $15 in total including tip! Otherwise, if I want to have a festive day among the young and interesting crowd, this is the pool where I'd want to be.
4 Floating around the river with my husband, partying with random people, and sipping a cold beer was exactly what I needed on the first hot Saturday of the year.   We bought jello shots and a bucket of beer, and even though the beers were individually sold they wouldn't let my husband and I each pick our own beers! I wanted light beer of course, but didn't want to kill my husband's vibe so we went with Budweiser. I know, I'm an awesome wife. I hate when places are difficult about simple requests, especially when you're paying like 40 bucks for 5 cheap beers.  Also, if you're not using a tube, don't drag it out of the pool and claim ownership of it for an entire day asshole, there are other people here DUH.   Despite that, when my kids are whining and I'm on my 4th load of laundry I just promise myself a trip back by the end of summer and cheer right up!
5 5 stars for the lazy river......nothing better than going around in circles in your inner tube with a drink in hand. The Best!
5 If you haven't figured it out by now, what makes this pool memorable is the Lazy River section.  If floating around and mingling with others is not your kinda thing or if you have the family with you, MGM definitely has many other pools to relax in.    During my last visit here, there were kids in our group. Most people would tell you to leave the kids by the other pool, but they weren't my kids so it went kinda like this ...   Water Gun + Adorable 6 year old + Lazy River + "Shoot Her" = Ultimate Wingman   Get there early, snag a spot in the shade or somewhere near Wet Republic, hop in the lazy river then drink and mingle the day away.     I can't think of a better way to spend a hot day in Vegas.    I'm lying. I can but this is definitely top 10.   PS - don't be lazy. They have a ton of restrooms  #dontpissinthelazyriver
5 The lazy river pool at the MGM Grand is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!   There are other pools spread around, but the lazy river is where it's at. It is not often that you come across a pool like this, so I took full advantage of it and walked around it a few times. I also floated around on an innertube a few more times. I encountered a lot of interesting characters, but everyone was cool. There was a great vibe throughout, and I had a fun time.   The pool area at the MGM is one of the many reasons that it is a great place to stay at when visiting Las Vegas.
4 I've been to both the Mandalay Bay lazy river and just recently the MGM lazy river.  I have to give the edge to the MGM.  It's a lot longer, plus you can chill in it with your drink.  This can be a plus and a minus depending on how many drunk fools are spilling their drinks in it.  The Mandalay Bay lifeguards will hunt you down if you try to bring a drink in there.  The other benefit of the MGM lazy river is the music coming from next door at Wet Republic.  Big plus there.  I got there at around 3:30pm and found out that the river closes at 6pm which kind of sucked but we ended up going over to one of their other pools which stayed open till 8pm.  Also, want to give a shout out to MGM staff that found my ATM card in the river the next morning and turned it into security.  Big negative, price of drinks :-(
4 Stay at the MGM just for this pool, it is worth it. It blows all others away. Well, Mandalay Bay and their wavepool gets a solid second but there's very little shade there.  This is the place. Frozen drink in hand floating around the river - hard to beat that. Liked it alittle more when they had music on but apparently they turned the volume down so not to compete with Wet Republic.
2 So I'm standing there in 100 degree heat in late September and they try and pull this on me after I just spent a week staring staring at honest-to-goodness sandstone? I'm here to make sure this place brings them long enough to get drunk and get hyped for a night of gambling and more expensive drinks, and they bring me this vinyl piece of garbage? I had them send the whole truckload back and bring me something of more substance. It's not going to fool anyone paying attention, but ripped guys too drunk to notice that the women they are trying to take back to their smelly hallway won't think twice about the stuff we ended up installing; that's all I'm looking for, really.  Of course they can drink in the river. I hear those fools at Mandalay Bay actually kick people out for dumping a bucket of spiked frozen ice in their tubes. If our customers are forced to drink before getting in the pool and then get out to reload, that means they are taking breaks from drinking to swim. Look at it this way: we let them bring whatever they want into the river and we can get a good three more drinks into these fools before we kick them out at 5:00 in time for overpriced dinner and losing bets.  Don't worry about it. It all washes out in the flow and the filters. There's plenty of chlorine.  Music? We've got it taken care of. We get enough bass to shake loose their filling and then pump different mixes into each pool. The PA system is tied into the highs, so the thumping keeps going even when we announce the drink specials.  Oh, and get that pudgy toddler out of here. No, the eleven year-old girl booty dancing to "I'm a throw this money while you do it with no hands."  Pro tip: If you get caught in a logjam of middle-aged fat guys in bad wigs, just shout, "Group photo!"
4 I loved this pool!  However, I do think there is a minimum level of intoxication that should be enforced here.  I was definitely not drunk enough for this place by noon.  It honestly looked like the spring break parties you see on MTV!  By noon, having an inner-tube is pointless because there isn't even enough room in the pool to get through walking let alone with a tube!  I feel like this was a much more entertaining pool party than Rehab at the hard-rock.  Keep in mind, it is like $15 to rent a tube but only like $10 to buy one.  The reason for that is because the tubes you buy are substantially smaller than the rented ones.  But definitely check this place out...just clear out if by noon if you don't like drunk-a$$ twenty-somethings everywhere.  BTW, this pool is all the way in the back of the grand pool complex at MGM Grand...don't end up at the other pools, they're not as much fun.
5 What can I say? I love this pool. It is definitely my most frequented pool even if I'm not staying at MGM. Shhh. Don't tell anyone that part.  The lazy river, the music and the people all equate to a fun experience every time. The crowd around the lazy river is usually younger. Children do exist. No really, they exist and they are found around the lazy river but don't worry because there are more 20-somethings than children. You can create whatever kind of day you want here. You can mingle and meet new people as you walk or float around the lazy river. You can recover from the night before in one of the hundreds of available lounge chairs. You can also dance to some beats that overflow from the Wet Republic pool party going on next door. (To see a review of Wet Republic, check out my reviews page).  The cocktail servers are good about coming around enough that you don't get thirsty and are nice enough to understand if you have to dig in your suit for the wet bills you jammed in there before jumping into the water.  There isn't much shade at this pool if you want to lay out near the water. Granted, if you are laying out; you don't need much shade. However, sometimes you just need to get out of the sun.   The restaurant that is located within the pool area is the best place to cool off midday if you don't feel like hiking back to your room. The food is really good but a bit on the pricey side.   By the time the sun starts setting you can easily find shade but by that point you are probably already on the verge of sun-stroke.  Verdict:  It is a great place to mingle and relax. The hot tubs are nice once the sun starts to set. A great place for 20 & 30 -somethings looking to flaunt it and socialize.
3 The Grand Pool Complex at MGM is impressive. There is a great range of pools, including adult and 14+, hot tubs, and most important, the lazy river. This isn't the best lazy river in America, but it probably is the best in Vegas. It is a great way to release you stress and way cheaper than a massage.   The pool is friendly and relaxed. You don't need to worry about your body with this crowd, there are guests of every body type. Unlike some status pools in Vegas with models and bouncers, this is just a lot of normal people relaxing in the sun.   Drinks are allowed in the water (a positive for you and a negative when the drunk idiot next to you spills his). The drinks are very expensive. They charge for tubes, but you might find one abandoned. The staff are great.   The biggest issue is that they close at 6pm. I suppose most guests are done for the day and want to go gambling, but it seems pretty early to me.
5 Amazing time great party atmosphere there is nothing like hanging out and meeting new people at the Lazy River, this past weekend was my first time there and I definitely plan on going back
4 Beautiful pool complex!  Really enjoy the lazy river.  Pools open at staggered hours and vary by season.  Lazy River opens @ 10am.  There are showers in the restrooms.  This pool is one of the main reasons we stay here when we're in Vegas.  As another reviewer notes, not much pretentiousness. Staff is friendly.  Drinks are spendy; but you can bring in your own water bottles and property drinks (like Starbux).  A group of us did do the 'cabana thing' once, $400 for the day, and you get $400 worth of food/beverage (which, at these prices, isnt much), we had great service, but the volume/quality of food you will get is pitiful.  We all agreed it was an interesting experience but not to be duplicated.  Oh, ya, the restrooms - they had video displays on the sink faucets - I thought *really* how much money did they spend to put a freekin video screen on the pool sink faucet.  Only in Vegas.
5 Seriously I had the best time at the lazy river.  Probably the best out of my whole Vegas trip.  All my friends were here, we grabbed some drinks from the bar.  Also note: you can sneak in drinks in your bag.  Towels are located in the front, as soon as you walk in.  Tons of lounge chairs all over the place.  You can hear the music blasting from Wet Republic, located over the wall.  Restrooms were overall clean.  It was like walking around in a continuous party.  I was making friends left and right.  We happened to be there the weekend of 4th of July, also a UFC fight weekend.  It was super busy, but not in a bad way.  I wish that I had more time to go back to the pool, it was a magical moment.
5 You're allowed to bring in outside beers.  It's free to enter with a MGM room key. You get free towels at the front.  The lazy river is fun for a few laps. I think it's half a mile long.  We actually tried to go to Wet Republic, but they upped the price to $60 for guys. OUCH! We rather spend that on poolside drinks.
4 Celebrating my friend Kristin's birthday! She reserved a cabana - this particular cabana was right by the volleyball swimming pool. Nice if you wanna play volleyball, NOT so nice if you don't. The upside to this particular spot though is that it was near Wet Republic and Tiesto was spinning so I could hear EVERYTHING and his set was SO good. HAHA. ANYWAY. There are like a million different pools here including a lazy river! The lazy river was nice but crowded and barely anybody was floating with a tube - this was actually an upside because I WAS floating with a tube and could barely get by anybody so imagine if EVERYONE was in a tube! It would be a big ol' traffic jam! Our cabana servers were David and Sarah and they were very cool and accommodating and took care of us.  Another plus side to this hotel pool is you can bring in outside items such as WATER aka vodka in water bottles. HAHAHAHA.  Anyway we all had a really great time and the pool was nice and chill and also good for families!
5 $400 for a cabana 10 AM to 5 PM. Food service stops at 3:45 PM. John and Brittany went WAY out of their way to make our day perfect. So much fun!
5 This is the Party Pool of the Gods!!!!!!!!!!  I loved it here.  My buddies and I hit up pool parties at each hotel every Labor Day weekend (Rehab, Wet Republic, TI, Palms - Ditch Fridays, Flamingo), so this year we decided to hit up the regular pool at MGM.  This place was sooooooooooo much fun and really chill, plus IT WAS FREE (major score).  The lazy river makes a huge difference.  You meet tons of friendly people from all walks of life.    Most Important Things:  Pro's Good music (you hear everything from Wet Republic) = check Attractive crowd (the crowd was generally good, lots of lean folks, although there were definitely a few that needed to keep a shirt on or not wear a two piece, seriously if you have rolls hide them) = check Good ratios (girls to guys, starts off bad, but gets good) = check Multiple pools = check Booze (get the Energizer or 3 like me and your set) = double check  Con's  Didn't have any  Things to remember:  The pool scene is kind of slow from 9-11am, but the best seats get taken quick, so get there early to lock it down, but by 1-3pm, the party is rocking and you get all the music from Wet Republic.  By 4-5, your partying and meeting tons of fun and cool random people along the lazy river.  YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED.  Just make sure to down a few energizers from the bars (there $20), after 3, the place was off the hook.
4 Nice pool, get a cabana and get there a little early cause it tends to get packed. the pool area is huge and is great for families. If ur here to party though I reccommend just going to wet republic
3 Very fun place a few bad things are the walk back through the mall to get to your room if you are staying in the hotel and to charge for tubes when you are charging me 300 a nigh for a room is insulting!
5 Multiple pools. Hundreds of lounge chairs to claim your spot. Servers walking around taking drink orders. Bar and grill. A ridiculous 6.5 acres of total pool area. 84 degrees and sunny in March makes for a great day.  You have to have an MGM grand keycard to show to get in. There are complimentary towels to grab at the entrance. At 11:30 there were few people there and you had your pick of the lounge chairs. After lunch many more people came in and poolside chairs were all taken.   They staggered the pool openings throughout the day according to the crowd. 3 were open at the beginning (Academy, director, producer) with the talent pool opening around 1PM.  There is top 40s music in each of the areas and the bass from Wet Rupublic travels over and overwhelms at times.   Did not get to try the lazy river (backlot river) which is a huge section of the complex - approx 1/2 of the total complex area. It's closed seasonally for 5 months from Nov-March. The lazy river reopens March 28th 2014 and closed earlier in the season at the end of October 2013. It was impressive just looking at the massive backlot river section with waterfalls and coves even without going in it.
5 The MGM has a lot of pool choices. The ones by the Signature Towers are quiet and chill. The ones in the Grand Pool Complex have a much more energetic vibe. We chose to hang out by the Lazy River Pool next to Wet Republic. Fantastic Choice! There are lot's of lounge chairs, places to eat and bars surrounding the Lazy River. You can even rent tubes to float around in...about $16 a day to rent.  The main grotto has a cool water fall and lots of shallow water for the kids. The older kids circled the area in the lazy river.   There are some really cool nooks and grotto's to lounge in. Great for the kids and those in need of shade on a hot Vegas day. Music from Wet Republic is played through speakers around all the pools. We were able to hear Calvin Harris and Steve Aoki during out time at the pool.  We chose loungers at the back of the rows, under the misters and by the overhang so we had a shade option. We spent a lot of time in the pool cooling off.   This is definitely a party pool, but kids and adults of all ages were having a great time. This is definitely the spot to be to fun in the sun.  They have these blue double lounge chairs that look really inviting. If you agree to spend $300 one could be yours. With a group of a few people it's not a bad deal and you get an umbrella.   The ground gets super hot when walking to the pool from the lounge chairs. I left my flip flops in a bush and that worked out great.   We found a stray tube and shared with a group of folks which was a bonus.
5 i'm a big fan of the Rio pool and the Flamingo pool. those awesome pools are now my number 2s. THIS pool... is the bizznizz. it really is a complex in both facility and traversing difficulty.   there are a couple full size standalone pools that can accomodate an exorbitant amount of people, but, the masses are drawn to the lazy river. the lazy river is able to accmodate the throngs of people that flock to the MGM for the pool alone. lots of seating options up and around the lazy river. we got there around 130p one day and were able to find seats pretty quickly.   the cocktailetresses were pretty johnny on the spot. got our drink options with the utmost of speed. only knock, there is no food delivery here, unless you're in a cabana so fyi. you gotta walk to the pool restaurant. oh, make sure you bring your flip flops cause that concrete during summers in Vegas is a killer. the food options were pretty good though, even though the menu was standard.   don't bother getting one of those inner tube things. they were a pain in the ass. it looks fun, but, with so many people using them, it tends to jam up the lazy river. but, if you decide to get one, it's around $15. you could also wait till later in the morning/early afternoon and most people just get tired of them and leave them around. we got one that was just floating by on its' own.   overall, AMAZING pool! lots of kids around as well. as much as i would like to bring my kids here, i might only do so during the off season. a little too adult for our taste. but, if you don't mind the drunks and bouche dags around, knock yourselves out. also, if you're here on the weekends, Wet Republic is right next door so you get to here the resident/guest DJs play their sets, without paying an arm and a leg. we'll most def be back.
5 Chased the sun here from Seattle. So worth it! CANNOT go wrong here! Grand Pool is fantastic, hotel is great too. Hallways are cooker than rooms, so leave air low when you are out. Staff us very friendly. Will def be back.
