3 I need gas, an oil change, and a car wash, and got it all done at Danny's. I went because I found an ad in the annoying supersavers that you get in the mail, but thought I'd be okay because it was one stop for me to get all three done.   I got there and it was sort of confusing as to where the line starts (at the gap pumps), and when I got there people were recommending that I get the $50 oil change because I have a newer car. Yeah, no thanks.   Once you figure out the lay of the land its not too terrible. There's a TV sitting area playing CNN, and a big fish tank. It wasn't too long of a wait, about 45 mins or so inside, but wait! There's a waiting line outside to retrieve your car after everything is done.   Points off for being too pushy, they rang up my bill wrong, and it took like 5 mins for the cashier to figure it out and correct it.
2 If you like douche bag sales people trying to hustle you into buying a $100 detail and wax or file a insurance claim to fix the tiny chip in your window, this is the place for you. This place knows how to make things awkward thats for sure. After you get past the douche sales people its ok. The actual car wash is a normal car wash that you would get anywhere else. The place is confusing and annoying. Just go to a self serve place to save you the hassle.
4 Look, they are trying to make money and are pushy .... all you gotta do is tell them no, and exactly what you want and they will back off you.  I only suggest this because they do good work and I am always impressed with how my vehicles look after they do a detail (or VIP wash) .... go there but just remember you dont have to deal with the pushy annoying peeps ... just put them in their place and move on!!
1 I won't be going back to Danny's!!!  When I went their, I was thinking great...I can get my car washed, oil change, gas, & a snack all at the same place. It wasn't worth it. They took forever, told me it would be 1 hour & 1/2 turned into 3.   They were very pushy on trying to get me to upgrade everything and when I said no they got a little attitude. My 5 year old nephew could clean the inside of my car better. They didn't even put my oil cap on right!!!!!!! Go somewhere else.
3 High price for car wash. I asked for discount and got $2 off. That was nice.
3 I never thought of getting an oil change here, but it was a Saturday and I didn't plan ahead so I dropped by and they were great. Just watch for the needless upsells.  My only complaint about this place is that if I want something extra I will ask for it. I have no chips in my windshield that I can see, somehow they always find some.
1 i used to get gas here because of the promotions. a while back they were giving away cookies with the purchase of however many gallons. i went in to pay in cash and retrieve my cookie, and i found they were no longer running the promotion. the clerk rudely told me "no but feel free to actually pay for a cookie".... jerk not going back now!
2 The up-selling here is beyond ridiculous. I came in for a wash last year and ended  up pre-paying for an interior detail and wax. (apparently I didn't have enough coffee and my defenses were down). I brought my car back this week to get the detailing done, and the guy tried to talk me into spending another $170 for extra special wax and headlight cleaning. Both times, the sales guys said they were allowed to discount certain things, but then after saying no a few times, the price comes down. When I told the guy I was tight on time and didn't want to add any services that would increase my wait time, he told me it wouldn't take any longer. Hmm, then that really makes me question the quality of the work.  The detail was just ok. There were areas along the dash that didn't get cleaned very well, and the windows were very streaky. They also took a half hour longer than promised.  I'll be back again to redeem the wash coupon that I got with my detail, but I'll make sure I'm very emphatic about only wanting a wash.
1 Will never use Danny's again. Wasn't happy with my wash and asked them to wash again. They offered me a discount instead of a re-wash. Always trying to upsell on oil changes also.
1 I used to enjoy going to the location on Market Street in Gilbert. Until this last time, when someone decided that they needed one of the knobs on our stereo more than we did. I didn't notice till almost a week later because it one of the smaller knobs.  They do a good job cleaning the car but Now I don't trust them. Will never go back.
1 Absolute worst carwash ever. I just had to rewash my car myself. They didn't even dress the interior, although I paid for it. A manager came over to finish the job, and barely did anything other than roll his eyes at me. This is the LAST time I go here. Don't waste your money.
1 Do not go here for a car wash or oil change!!!!!! I went here to get both last week and I noticed I got my perfume stolen and change. I complained to the manager and he did nothing.. He never gave me my money back for the stolen perfume and they have bad customer service!!!!!! Please be careful when leaving your car to their employees. Yes they do steal!!!!! And their manager was an asshole he never even apologized. They are lucky I didn't call the police on them. They're a waste of time. Worst business I've ever went to and this was my first time visiting them.
1 I've been here once and it was a very poor experience. 45 minutes to get a car wash.  I did a groupon so we'll see if my next 2 visits are better.  Problems started immediately... it took 10 minutes for me to be asked to leave the car AFTER the attendant took my order. An only because the supervisor say I was waiting an the line was very slow  Then I watched my car get parked and 4 other cars that came out after my car - all got finished and drove off before I said something to the customer service person walking around - 20 minutes later.  They made all sorts of excuses - of course, they did this before bothering to ask or listen to what happened.  The line my car was in only had 1 person working on it while other lines had 2 to 4 people... so of course, they got done much faster.  There was no supervisor making sure things got done.  Finally the supervisor came over, apologized and got the car done himself.  To top it off, they clearly did not do as good of a job as the other cars I saw - since they made mine a rush job.
4 The service was good, but I am aware that this is a business, people are in sales mode and saying what you want to hear. They did a good job with my car, had a wash, clay and wax. I don't have the equipment to do myself so it was a good for me. Was it the best, no, but it worked for me, they were attentive, nice and the manager Mike was great. Are they using the finest products in the world, don't know.  To most readers, it's always better to do the work yourself on most anything because if you own it then you will take care of it better, than a stranger that is.   Overall, I think they are doing a good job, manage them better if you feel the need.
1 I made the mistake of coming here again. I only have myself to blame. They will never learn how to take care of a car, or how to properly wash one.
1 Do not go to this place. Poor service and wait is way too lOng!  Wash was mediocre at bEst!
4 Upsells.  Only need to say no then they drop issue.   I like 10th wash free Had windshield replaced in past. Got month of unlimited basic washes
2 I don't minding waiting for a good car wash, I go because I don't want to do it.  But after my wash, I had to go home and wipe down my interior and pick up some small pieces of paper they left on the floor.  My 8 year old recognized that they didn't do a good job vacuuming as well.  They rushed through the wash, and it showed.
1 Not that great of a job and took forever!
1 Took my car in for hand wash. It sat in the back for 30 plus mins without anyone even spray water on it. I asked to speak with the manager about the delay (which now it's 45 mins later).  Instead of telling me the truth that they are short handed, George (the man who is suppose to be in charge at that time) gave me a load of BS about the car wasn't wash right the first time so it has to be rewash. That was the biggest BS I have ever heard. I stood at the window and watch the car for over 30 mins and it hasn't even been moved since it was parked. And George has been sitting in the office on his "brain" and haven't even got out of his chair until I ask to see the manager. With all that said, the staff that dry and detail the cars are working hard outside in the upper 90 temp. They do good work but the management team . . . If I am the general manager, I will be looking for some new people who do more work, provide good customer service and less BS.
1 When there's signs Posted about "Not responsible for stolen property" Your Sh*ts probably going to get stolen. Which was the case. Not only did they steal my knife, Along with a old IPOD they also managed to grab hand full of change out of my Glove compartment!!   Sorry i didn't upgrade to your "V.I.P." wash Or purchase you "fathers day detail special" But get a Life... (And 45 Min to was a car)  Management (or lack there of) Needs to do there Job and manage.... I will Never return to Danny's or will I ever let a friend or family member go to Dannys'. It's no wonder why they've been plastering Groupon with Specials.
1 If you are a woman alone, you will get harrassed during the upselling.  This place sucks.  I tried to give a tip to the guy at the end of the line when another guy came and took the cash from my hand.  They are unprofessional, rude.  When I complained, the Manager defended the rude employees
1 I was ready for the upsell and took the bait.  Hand wax for $20 sounded good. Said it would take 30 minutes total for both wash and wax.  Kept my eye on my truck at the 30 min mark and it was still not done.  Got up and checked on it at 45 min, not done, got up and checked on it at the 1 hr mark and it was parked across the lot.  WTH?  The guy that sold me the wash happened to be behind the counter chatting with the cashier and I asked him what happen?  I told him I needed to be out of there in 30 min.  He acted like it was the first time he saw me, told me he would get the mgr. Inspected by truck, still dirt and smudges on it.  Believe me I'm not picky, but how do you wax dirt.  Later days, I go back to Cobblestone or do it myself.
1 Spent 50.00 today on a wash and wax. After waiting and watching my car sit for an hour I went and asked what the problem was " we forgot" the car was half vacuumed, bumpers were dirty, wax still on the car, dash not cleaned off. My 11 year old could have done a better job ! What a joke! Do not go here. If this is what $50.00 buys I will do it my self and know its done right.
2 Don't go here when you are pressed for time. Getting my car washed in a Wednesday morning took me over 90 minutes and that was even after I asked for a manager. In general I like Danny's over their competitors so this may be a location/mgmt issue. I agree with other customers in the upselling comments but its easy to say no and sometimes you can get a good deal if you are a good negotiator.
1 I have going to Danny's for many years and watched its decline.  My last visit was my last visit.  After waiting well over 30 minutes to have my car dried and finished, while the employees walked around aimlessly, I gave up and told them I was leaving.  As I drove away, I found that the car had not been vacuumed, which was the first step in the process.  I will be finding another place for my future car washes.
1 Over priced, when they don't do what they say they do. Don't go if in a hurry. I did go on a somewhat busy day, but over an hour is ridiculous. From a distance, the car looked good. Up close, several streaks of dirt still on car. Inside, they completely missed the mark. Dirt and sand still under the mats. If they hadn't done the mats I could excuse it. Back wasn't even touched. Windows streaky, worse than when I came in. In the time I was there I saw cars get pushed out that were still dirty. Large patches completely missed.
1 I literally had to wait 2 hrs to get my car back in ok condition. Water spots stained on the exterior of the freshly waxed vehicle. Dirt and chips trailed the floor between the seats and in the cup holder. Watching the employees walk back and forth talking to each other and looking up the latest feeds on Facebook was absolutely nerve racking. Finally to top it off.... Try getting billed 30 extra dollars for a VIP wash, simply because "the manager" over looked the paper work that specifically says VIP 59$ worst experience ever. Thanks Danny's you lost a customer for life.
3 I had my 2010 F150 detailed there before I sold it. They did a terrible job. The employees fault, not the companies. I called over the supervisor, he laughed, told me I should have upgraded. I got "almost" the best package not the best. My bad, I still expected you not to leave trash in the bed...regardless, he was an idiot, still not the companies fault. I explained I wouldn't pay. The manager then came, nice man, took the trash out HIMSELF as I was polishing some spots they missed myself. Offered a free wash to compensate on another occasion even on another vehicle. I paid and accepted. They did a solid job the next time. Not the best, I would give them 3 and a half if I could.
1 Received a "detail" for $60 that I could have done myself with a gas station vacuum and some windex. We planned on getting our oil changed as well, but they insisted I "needed synthetic or it would void my warranty," which wasn't true. Trying to upsell by treating their customer like an idiot. No thanks.
5 They did an incredible job on my car. I was very impressed. T
1 Took more than 40 min and then to find that they took all of my change that I moved to a more secluded location. Will not be coming back to this location.
1 The best thing about this place was the car wash your car is driven through. The reason being, is because that required no human interaction.  Horrible job! Couldn't even tell if my car was vacuumed. And one of the three finishers who was assigned to my car, completely forgot my cars interior! No dash, no windows, nothing.  Won't be returning.
1 I am absolutely shocked at how bad this car wash was.  I have never been to Danny's so I thought I would try it by purchasing the Groupon.  I am not even going to use the other two if I have to go to this location.  Other than moving the car into the wash and then pulling it out, I think that is the only time they got in the car.  I cannot even express how angry I am at the inside of the car, I have never been to a place of such laziness and sheer disregard for a high level of service.  I will NEVER go to this location again.  I called to express my dissatisfaction and the lady really didn't care at all.  I would not recommend this location to anyone.
1 I have tried so many times to give them a chance to make changes but it just seems to get worse each time! I will now drive out of my way instead of going back there! Save your money, frustrations and time go somewhere else!
1 Don't waste your money here.  16 bucks plus tip and they literally didn't clean anything inside the car.  I watched the guy and he just didn't give a shit.  Will never spend another dollar there.
1 Thief's! THEY STOLE $20 FROM MY CAR!  I've never had a problem with my reserve cash when I had my car washed at other places. The store manager only offered credit to get another wash, which of course I was not interested in.   DO NOT EVER DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE!  Oh, they also blew out my left speaker and left tons of streaks on the windows.
1 "We'll have that ready for you in about 20 minutes." HA 20 minutes. Add another 60 to that statement then it'll be correct. Never again. This place sucks.
1 I went there on mothers day for a car wash and was treated great and had no issues but when i went there today my entire opinion changed. Now the Worst place ever. the nerve to blatantly lie to me and my wife about what our car needs for an oil change. claims mopar requires them to meet certain oils etc with a 20.00 up charge etc. I called molar and they told me the truth Danny's is a LIE. The kid who tried to scam us should be reprimanded or charged with potential fraud. Good thing we packed up and left before they could scam us. Rude kid! Scam scam scam. i should have not even gone there. Cobblestone all the way!
1 Paid to have my truck hand washed and they did a horrible job. There were bugs still on the windshield. Had to ask them to clean it again, and they did not wipe off the writing on the window.
