4 This place opened three days ago and they are off to a good start. The location is a historic shop right on Main St. in Downtown Mesa. The decor is "arty" with lots of custom art for sale adorning the original brick walls. The owner is friendly and outgoing.  Plus, they have a couple of tables outside on the sidewalk with shade.  The Pizza is excellent (NY Style). I managed to get two slices and a drink for $5.50. They also bake and had a wide selection of pastries and specialty cakes.
5 Can't say enough about how good the Pizza really is. The one with Pepperoni, Red Onion, Jalapeno, and fresh garlic is so original and so tasty.  Still waiting for the Wii outfitted w/Guitar Hero to find it's way back....
1 i have been a chef for 25 years and this is the worst pizza i ever had,  i bought 6 slices for more than 20.00 . what a rip off, the place is slow, and sure to stay that way too. avoid this place like the plaque.  pizza hut is better,so is little ceasars pizza.
5 You have got to try the calzones.  I had the pepperoni, sausage, and red bell pepper. It was absolutely amazing, I have to say: once you have these guy's pizza you will always object to someone who want's some generic pizza place (a franchise).  These guys love their pizza and it shows.
4 Right on Main in downtown Mesa, Queen's is looking to become a fixture of downtown Mesa. The owner is gregarious and fun to talk to, and the food is quite good.  We ordered the Pizza, Wings and Cheese Bread.  Cheese Bread: Wow; fantastic! Cheesy, garlic-y, everything I wanted in a cheese bread but never knew I needed. If this is what Dave bakes in the bread department, the sandwiches are SURE to be AMAZING.  Wings: Some of the best in Phoenix, I'd gather. Definitely up there with Monkey Pants or Buffalo Brown's. Crispy fried things. Meaty. Delicious sauce, not too spicy, not too mild.  Pizza: GREAT toppings and quality. The sauce is fantastic. Unfortunately the crust leaves a lot to be desired. It's a pretty standard crust. Not exemplary at all, which is surprising given the quality of the bread on the cheesy bread. I know he uses an electric oven, which might mean he can't get the heat needed for a great pizza crust. Again though, the quality of the toppings and sauce makes up for the crust.  Definitely going to have it again, especially if they are able to get a beer/wine license or are able to start up those chess tournaments he mentioned.
5 Yes-- really digging the art that's hung there-- such a cool little place!
5 I've been back a few times the past few months. Their pizza is better than before -- GREAT STUFF!  I had their meatball sandwich -- it is to die for. Big, meaty meat-balls in their fantastic marinara, covered with cheese and then thrown in the oven to melt into a delicious gooey sandwich of awesome.  I've taken my coworker twice now -- the pizza by the slice is fantastic. It's really, really, really good. Yum.  Thursday, we were shopping at Mystic Paper next door and decided to get dinner there, rather than cooking at home. The three of us shared two 10" pizzas and an order of garlic-cheese bread. Absolutely delicious.  They are now hosting poetry slams every Thursday night at 8pm. I haven't made it yet, but it's really exciting that something's happening Downtown Mesa after 5pm.
5 I went here for a poetry reading/concert that a friend who was on tour had booked.  They do slam poetry once a month or something here, great readers.  The place itself is totally cute.  Checkerboard floor and chalkboard signage.  The pizza and sandwich selection is ample and mouthwatering.  I had an Italian cold cuts sandwich.  Served hot with red peppers and lots of cheese, this sandwich was amazing.  I think what set it off was the bread.  It was so good I knew my friend had to try it, so I traded him my second half for his meatball.  The meatball was also awesome, very saucy, good spices in the balls.  The thing about this place which I love, just like Otto's in Tempe, is that it is a family run business, run with love for the people and food he serves.  When I mentioned my liking of the bread he patted a bag of flour and made a point of the fact that it is never frozen, nothing ever is, he makes the dough each day.  There is going to be an expanded bakery in back, a cake shop I think.  This place is going to really hum when they have both businesses going.  Mesa is lucky.  At the end of the night, the owner was overly appreciative of my friends words and music.  He asked for an encore and bought one of my friends cd's.  What a guy.
4 This is one of my favorite places to eat lunch at in downtown Mesa. I've tried the pizza, subs, and salads and everything is delicious. The subs are my favorite because the bread is toasted perfectly  - much better than your typical sub shop like Subway or Quizno's. The owner is always very friendly, and the restaurant itself is cute and quirky.
4 Located in lovely downtown Mesa. This is one of the small businesses that is surviving (so far) downtown despite Mesa city governments' ineptitude and 19th century disposition. I have only had the pizza (Queen 'o' Clubs) and the brownies so far but both were very tasties and inspired a binge that might well have won a nod from a bulimic (maybe only if they were able to see me purge when I got home). With solicitous and snappy service to top-off the superfluous dine-in adventure the only thing that may be lacking is a nice beer and wine selection.  time to go back.
4 Good pizza, friendly staff. I want to go back and try more from their menu.
4 Great pizza for AZ, and I love that they host a Poetry Slam every Thursday.
5 Whoa this place is amazing.  I can't believe I found something edible in downtown Mesa.  One poor guy behind the counter banging out pizza, calzone, stromboli, and all sorts of other goodies - I'm impressed.  The calzone I ordered (meatball) was one of the best things I have ever had.  The sauce is sweet, the dough is garlicy, and the fillings are plentiful.  This place is not only somewhere I would tell other people to hit up but somewhere that I would make a special trip to go visit.  Fortunately for me, it's near Ashley A's house.  She better not serve me pizza hut again after showing her this place.
5 SWEEEEET!  Don't you just love it when you have had a place bookmarked for so long that you almost forgot about it, and when you finally go it's amazing?  Yeah, that's what happened here.  We had been doing a little shopping out in this part of town and were starting to get hungry so we started searching for places to go.  The husband mentioned this place and I was quite enthusiastic and mentioned I have had it bookmarked for so long.    We made our way over to the cute little store with it's big glass front and cool brick interior.  There's lots of cool music oriented art around and the tables are covered in graffiti.  Again, it's a pretty sweet place, aside from the lack of air circulation.  We stared at the gigantic chalkboard menu for a while (despite being chalkboard it's pretty easy to read) and finally made our selections.  I got the stromboli and the husband went with the meatball calzone.  The guy making our stuff was really cool and helpful.  The best part was that he really seemed to love his job.  You gotta love that.  When our food came out, the smell was intoxicating.  I dug right in and relished in the delicious garlicky dough and the sweet yet tangy sauce.  The ham was perfect and sweet and the pepperoni were meaty and spicy.  I tell ya, this stromboli was glorious.  It was glorious and HUGE!  I had to take half of it home, and yes, the leftovers were just as good.  I have a feeling that anytime I find myself in this neighborhood I am going to start salivating for the delicious goods here.  You should go.  You should also tell all your friends to go.  A place like this is too good to keep secret.
5 Bri and Glenn D. were kind enough to show me around my own hood and picked out one of the best pizza joints I've been to in a while! This place can be summed up in one word: character. This place is over-flowing with 'let's go back again and again and again.' kind of character. The Pizzeria is located in the front of the store and there is an entrance from the back too. I think they are working to combined the bakery and the pizzeria into a cohesive location. The Pizza was AMAZING! The crust was soft, dense, chewy goodness. The sauce had a hidden sweetness to it, that was just subtle enough to make you want more. Both orders from Bri and Glenn looked amazing too.   The seating is intimate, but the front windows are floor to ceiling huge, which give the space a very open feeling (plus the wall that divides the front of the store from the back of the store was only a half wall so that also kept the space open) They have seating all along the front window - so it's definitely a place to successfully people watch without the strange stares when you get caught :} and the art on the wall was cool, the old brick walls were cool - everything added to the character of this place!   I will definitely go back and I'm so glad I was invited to try this place out. Thanks Bri and Glenn for trying something in my own back yard!
5 Dave, the owner, is an awesome guy to talk to.  I work at a computer shop down the way and I have gotten to know him and his staff well.  They are a great bunch of folks with some damn good food!  Thin crust pizza is something that I have missed since being out in AZ from NJ.  This pizza is something to write home about!
5 The kids and I were headed to the Mesa Arts Center for Ignite Phoenix 6, so we scoped around for a highly rated restaurant that was nearby.  So glad we decided on this place, the pizza was fantastic!  We will definitely be back.
5 Great food, friendly service, cool space.  Nice place for a good meal in downtown Mesa.
2 I'll start off by saying it looks great inside.  Plenty of room, friendly service, even a Terminator 2: The Arcade Game in the back, but the Pizza was really lacking.  Not enough sauce (and it wasn't very good sauce), a bit too much cheese, too much oregano, I dunno, it was just lackluster.  Although I was surprised by the crust, which was actually decent.  I don't know what it is about Arizona, I can't really find a decent slice out here.  I'll just try to avoid pizza as much as possible until I got back east, which is a shame, because I love pizza.  Also $2.50 for a slice!?!  If it was huge I would understand but c'mon.  Check out Lorenzo's in Philly for what $2.50 SHOULD buy you.
5 Yet another Yelp revelation.  Thanks to all who glowingly reviewed this joint before me and convinced the Zombie Girl and I to check it out.  We're trying hard to support local, non-corporate type places like Queen's,  You should too.  Especially when it serves up awesomeness at great prices in funky-chic surroundings.  We showed up at about 7pm on a Wednesday, and the place was deserted.  There was a lot of friendly banter with the staff, who might have been the ownership family.  We ordered up a 16" pep, and were informed that an 18" crust was already ready to go, so that's what we were getting.  Cool!  The pie was awesome.  It's kinda generic looking, but in a good sort of way, like a pizza should look.  You know, not like some "gourmet" abomination served at some overpriced joint in North Scottsdale.  The crust was thin and fresh and delicious.  The sauce was sweet, fresh, and outstanding.  The cheese was slightly browned (Brak likes it that way) and tasted just right.  The pepperoni was.  Pepperoni.  Which means, it was great.  We'll definitely be back.  This is exactly the kind of place we like and want to support.  If you've read the other reviews and have been thinking about checking it out, quit screwing around and get your ass over there!  Queen's Bakery & Pizzeria earns Brak's coveted 5-star review, and is his "executive selection" for the month of June.  Whatever that means.
3 Came here because our friend wanted to see the weekly "poetry slam". I like that it's family owned and that they have really cheap specials like 2 slices and a 20 oz drink for $5.95. The downside was that they don't seem to have a lot of kitchen staff so it took awhile to get our food. They even forgot my friend's order and said they couldn't give a refund. Kudos to them for making her a special personal pan sized pizza and gave her a free brownie too =) Pizza was tasty, a little on the greasy side though.   Poetry slam was cool, lots of interesting characters. I think I would come back here for fun since the downtown area is kind of cute. But it's kind of a far drive for me to get pizza. I got to be a judge at the poetry slam. I guess if you give any score less than a 9.0, even if you don't really like the performance, people in the audience will boo you as a judge. Oh well, if I went up there, I probably wouldn't get more than a 5, so who am I to judge art
4 This is a nice little, hole in the wall pizza shop. I wouldn't travel too far to visit, but if you're in the area, stop by. (Park behind the building.)  The street is great, and if there's an event in the area, Queen's would be a good place to people watch. The building is far bigger than they need (think long but not wide), and the decor has a funky, empty, cavernous feel. I liked the antique flag on the ceiling. They also have a tabletop Ms Pacman machine, plus some more modern arcade games.  There's no actual bakery (that I could see), but there is a private baker that shares the space.  The pepperoni pizza was better than expected.  The good, standard thin crust was baked well, and the sauce was excellent. The ingredients seemed fresh, and I'd have it again.   Two things were odd: There was a creepy mid-40s guy hanging around the cash register who kept talking over us while we were trying to order. I thought he was a lonely local who liked to chat with the waitstaff, but when he delivered the pizza to the table, I realized he was probably in charge. Mr. Manager, go sit in the office.  The other odd thing was that they had styrofoam cups. I don't like touching styrofoam, much less drinking from it, so I hope they decide to upgrade and buy better supplies in the future.
5 Whooo hooo I win again! Actually I lost .. well with  the pac man game they have anyways.. The pizza was full of win!   I was going out for dinner and in these times I really like to support mesa business's and more so if the food rocks.   Nice people, great pizza, they recommended the meat ball.. next time ill try it for sure. The price seemed right on the money for all the toppings and two drinks as well. Left the place with a smile and all three people working telling me thanks and good night. :)   Great asset to down town mesa!  -shawn
3 Best white sauce on a pizza I've ever had! The crust was a little bland for my liking, reminded me of a frozen pizza you heat up in the microwave BUT strangely enough I would go back. A sign on the door said the restaurant was under new ownership so maybe they are still feeling it all out?
3 On the basis of being the 3rd highest rated Mesa restaurant, my girlfriend and I visited here today.  Walking in from the bakery entrance, the surroundings blow you away as soon as you get to the dining area.  Brick walls, really high ceilings probably around 35-40ft, windows in the ceiling bring in tons of natural light, vintage movie posters adorn the walls as well as local art.  For such a large building I was surprised how chilly it was, and for AZ in the summer, thats definitely a good thing.  There are some vintage arcade machines as well, and a pile of comic books and magazzines for customer perusal.    On the basis of a prior reviewer, we went with the 16'' white pizza $16.99, which here constitutes olive oil, basil, mozzarella, mushrooms, and tomatoes.  The toppings came together well in a fairly thin pizza, with an addicting savoriness for many of the bites towards the center.  Considering olive oil was a huge component, I didn't think it was too greasy for what it was... however,  I wasn't too thrilled with the crust either, with some uncooked flour markings on the outside, and a general lack of doughy goodness.     We were pretty stuffed but managed to find room for cannoli.  This was a nicely light version, with just the right amount of sweetness to be refreshing but not cloying.  The shell was decent, and for $2.95 its in line with cannolis elsewhere.  Overall I enjoyed my pizza but feel that there are a large number that are superior, even across the street at Cucina Di Vita.  With that said, I'll definitely be back due to the atmosphere and the truly welcoming attitude of the staff.
4 Found this using Yelp today and I am so glad I did.   Had lunch with a friend and Queen's was everything they advertised themselves to be.  Restaurant is clean and staff is friendly and informative. I really like the open floor plan and the brick walls. Artwork was nice, but the seating could be a little more comfortable.   Ordered Bruschetta while I was waiting for my friend and it was great! Bread was just thick enough so that it did not overpower the toppings. Very fresh ingredients and the taste was some of the best I have had, very nice.   After speaking to one of the owners we ordered a meatball pizza (Vegas?) and it came to our table piping hot. Crust makes a pizza and this crust was good, but not great. It was cooked correctly but it was a little floury for my taste. Sauce was spicy, not sweet which is what I like.  The meatballs were cut into smaller pieces and were spicy and good, not greasy or overdone. Overall a good but not great pizza. I will definitely come back ! Note: Very cool place to hang out and get some work done as well. We stayed for several hours after we had eaten.  TIP: Park in back.
4 Back for a 3rd time!  Just an update pizza still rocks, its nice to be able to park right out front on main too.  The two young girls were nice and are plenty of conversation if you wind up here by yourself.  lost on pacman yet again!  -shawn
3 For my husband and I...Queens is a solid 3 star pizza place.  We showed up at 12:15pm on a Tuesday to order some quick slices of pizza & a salad (2 of their lunch specials).    The staff was friendly.  But upon ordering our 2 lunch specials, we encountered a problem....no pizza to be seen.  They literally had 2 odd veggie/pineapple slices sitting there.  We asked if they had any in the oven and were told "nope" & that they would put in whatever we wanted - it would be about 15 minutes.  I also ordered a spinach/gorgonzola/raspberry vinaigrette salad.  The salad was huge for the price - it was 100% baby spinach, sliced cucumbers, sliced tomatoes, gorgonzola & dressing.  As we sat waiting for our pizza, others came in to also order lunch specials - they too were told that a new pizza needed to be put into the oven and it would be about 15 minutes.  After about 10-15 minutes I asked if I could have my salad while we waited (it was sitting behind the counter anyway....why not just pass it over to me?).    Finally about 15+ minutes into our wait we get to taste this amazing pizza I have heard all about.....drummmmm roll please.......the result was "meh".  Dont get me wrong - its not bad at all....just average.  The sauce was a little on the spicy side (I know my little one wouldn't have like it) - hubby even asked if I put pepper on the slices.   Mostly the 3 stars reflects the wait for the "lunch special".  Most pizza joints have pizzas ready & waiting for you so you can grab & go.
2 Me and the wife dopped in after noticing this place from the street, The scent emenating fron the joint was good, and we got in line. That's when the local color showed up.  We told this Tatooine-looking jag off to go ahead of us, to which he responded "Don't tell me what to do". He then stormed out to his moped. We chalked that up to "he has issues" and then ordered some vegetarian option whose proper name escapes me. We sat and watched cash cab and waited for our pie.  And waited. Then waited some more. While we were waiting, the five people working in the kitchen seemed to not be cooking so much. In fact, we watied 40 minutes for our pie. A pie which featured fresh basil, a Brazilian Boblsed Team style crust (weak and cannot hold a turn) and a "free ice cream" because it took so long.  A word of advice to Queen's Bakery. You may be the best pizza in Mesa, Arizona. That means crap outside of Mesa, Arizona. I have had better and have not had to wait 2/3 of an hour for a 12 inch pie. Your crust is weak, service weaker, and overall experience lacking. The motto for this place should be "Less talk, more cooking." There was precious little of the latter to be seen.
5 I am a visitor in a strange land. OK, so not really that strange but none the less being from Austin, TX I don't get to see many mountains. This place kind of looks like what i picture mars looking like. Anyway, I degrees. I got to my hotel and in a attempt to save my company more cab fair i searched for a local place that delivered to my hotel. So I hopped on yelp, as is the usual case, to find a good spot and i landed on Queen's Bakery & pizzeria.   Enticed by their offerings i called them up and told the woman on the line that I would like to make an order for delivery. Then to my sadness she informed me that they do not offer delivery. Has my Yelp forsaken me? She apologized, I assured her that it was fine and that I would still be interested in walking to the restaurant and getting an order to go. Well Shelly (The woman on the line) would hear nothing of it. She informed me that she was about to leave work and that my hotel was on her way home so she could bring my order too me. ( It's no surprise that at this point I (Heart) Shelly).   About 30 minutes later Shelly gave me a call to inform me that she had left and was on her way. I met her outside of the lobby, got my pie, exchanged pleasantries and retreated to my room to enjoy the delicious smells that were coming out on the box   I ordered Kind "O" Hearts, a choose your own 6 topping monster of a pizza. Hearty enough, even with my large appetite to give me three meals worth of food. You wouldn't know it (or maybe you do I shouldn't assume) but Austin has it's fair share of great pizza. Whether you get Home Slice, East Side Pies, or South Side Flying Pizza they're all tops in my book and this pizza was right up there with them.  You can tell that dough is home made, and the toppings are plentiful and fresh. I'm so glad that (A Thai place that is in the same area that I'm not sure if I can say their name) didn't pick up the phone each of the three times i tried to call them or i would have missed out on this wonderful experience. And again, Thank You Shelly
4 Great place and thurs poetry rocks
1 food is good, but the people who work there are terrible. It looks all indie and cool inside- but once you meet the people they are every self-absorbed and rude. never going back
3 I stopped in here for lunch midweek. It's a large open space with a few tables and a bar area.  The Ace-O-Spades sandwich was humongous and full of meatballs, sauce and cheese.  A really good sandwich and I took home half which was great warmed up the next day.  I'd like to come back and try their pizza sometime.
5 This pizza is great, I just wish they were open more often. I have only had their pizza once, but have tried to have their pizza 4 times. They are closed at (my) dinner time, and I keep forgetting (silly me). If you can get it, their pizza is some good stuff. Also, everyone who works there are super sweet! Plus they have pinball which rocks my socks.
5 Stopped in here while getting my car repaired. The building has a great atmosphere with brick walls and art hanging. I ordered a calzone and I was blown away. So fresh and cheesy. I have been back 3 times in 2 weeks and brought friends. We all agree this is the best pizzeria around, forget Tessios or any chain. Get yourself down to Queens!
4 -Pretty good pizza.  -I think I paid just under $3 for a single slice of cheese pizza?  -Cool decor.  -Smell draws you in from the street.  -Cashier was friendly (and kept looking at the"tip" cup next to the register).
2 My past two experiences at Queens have been disappointing. I love the atmosphere and the service is ok. However I feel like the food quality has suffered perhaps as a result of the ownership change. The calzone I had was large, but flavorless. The pizza seemed unbalanced as well, too much seasoning, slightly undercooked. There are better choices.
4 Great pizza, excellent location in downtown Mesa.
3 So I (finally) went back here the other day to pick up a pizza for dinner (and they were open!). I had an entertainment book coupon for half off a pizza, so I ordered a pretty big pizza and some garlic knots. I went to go pick it up, and there was a sign on the door that said they don't take the coupons because the book didn't have their permission to print it or something (but still.... it was in there and that's not the customer's fault).... so that kind of sucked, I wish I would have known before ordering such a big pizza... oh well.  The garlic knots were kind of burnt. They smelled really garlicky but didn't taste as garlicky. The pizza wasn't as good as it was last time, but it was still good. So I say this place is ok... but not as good as I originally thought.
4 Great stop for lunch in downtown Main in Mesa. The staff is always friendly and the pizza is always good.
4 Good cheap pizza!
1 I am honestly surprised that Queen's has received so many positive reviews.  I checked the address and business name twice before posting because I was certain that the place so many had reviewed so positively could not have been where my wife and I dined this evening.  We had high hopes when we saw the restaurant.  It is charming with natural brick walls in a space that looked like it was once a courtyard between two buildings that was converted to a storefront many years ago.  The walls are adorned with interesting artwork and the building is clean with ample space for seating and sidewalk seating perfect for people watching.  There is a sign on the front of the building stating that the restaurant no longer accepts Entertainment coupons, explaining that Entertainment wsa not authorized to publish the discount coupon.  We were hoping to use our coupon, but decided to eat there anyway to be able to sample another restaurant along Main Street in Mesa.  Service was pretty lackluster, but the girl was very new and seemed to lack both the energy and intellectual curiousity to learn the details of her job.  When my American Express didn't scan correctly (because they don't take Amex, which she didn't know) I asked her which cards they do accept and she simply told me "I don't know" while staring blankly at me without making an effort to find out.  Food was prepared in an acceptable amount of time and was delivered to our table because the cashier forgot to take our name.  We ordered the garlic knots and a pepperoni pizza.  The garlic knots were a bit overdone and the garlic flakes on top were burnt to a black crisp and had to be removed to avoid the overwhelming taste of burnt garlic.  The appetizer wasn't completely inedible but it was certainly not enjoyable.  When the pizza arrived I was absolutely shocked by the amount of grease floating on top.  We used a total of 23 napkins to soak up the most obvious of the grease on top of the pizza and, believe me, the napkins were fully drenched.  There was a slightly below normal density of pepperoni topping on the pizza and, after tasting the pizza, discovered that the sub-par grade of cheese they use contributed greatly to the grease.  The crust was pretty basic and not great, but not really bad - it was just overmatched by lots of cheap cheese and grease.  I absolutely love pizza and am generally good for 3 or 4 large slices of pepperoni but there was no way that I could finish two slices of this pizza.  Even after our blotting and draining of the oily slick that would have done BP proud, the pizza just wasn't edible.  I found myself apologizing profusely to my wife and wishing that we would have gone back to the charming Itallian cafe across the street and enjoyed one of their culinary pizzas.  It is interesting that one can find possibly the worst pizza in Mesa (Queen's) so close to some of the best pizza that I have tasted.  I certainly hope that everyone else continues to enjoy the food at this restaurant and that our experience was unique.  I know that we will never pass through the doors of the Queens Pizzeria ever again.
3 The atmosphere and sunny disposition of the staff are standouts at this giant, east coast vibe Pizzeria... I had the Straight Flush Hoagie, and Tossed Salad with Italian Meats.. The sandwich was HUGE.. Well. Ok the BREAD was huge.. The contents of the sandwich were tasty, as I'm crazy for Italian deli meats, but decidedly skimpy, and it begged for some veggie additions.. It was kind of a dry experience.. The bread was REALLY good though.. The salad could have used some work, as there wasn't much to it. It was a very fresh mix of lettuce, and a very light sprinkling of Mozzarella, and a few other things.. Neither were really a home run, but they weren't horrible either.  Another issue was that I placed the order to go, and was told 30 minutes... I arrived a bit early, and checked my phone to see when I placed the order.. ultimately it took 40 minutes. I'm not one to typically complain about time, nor did the employees seem inefficient, but I think having more than 2 people working may help expedite things a bit faster. Again, the friendliness and atmosphere are great here, and I think it would be a great place to pop in and grab a big slice of pizza if you're in Downtown Mesa..
5 FANTASTIC food and experience!  if you are downtown for any reason I suggest this little place it was YUMMY!!!
4 The place had a few other patrons for a late Friday lunch. The pizza looked really hot, fresh and inviting. they had a $6 slice special that was exactly what I needed for the craving. The help was cordial and super cute.  the pizza hit the spot. decent sized slices and refreshing iced tea. what more could a guy ask for. the cheese was ample , the crust was crisp and chewy. The sauce was sweet and could have used some tang or salt. All in all I will return and make it a lunch staple. Good luck!
1 Tastes like cardboard frozen pizza. Expensive. Took 35 minutes to get one pizza. They were out of parmesan. Out of bread too.
5 Good food. Good staff.  Great experience.
4 This was fun . Felt like I was back in New York , Almost yeld for A Taxi , Then realized it was still mesa .I liked it alot .Very clean and organized .Best of luck in the new year .
4 I had seen an ad for this place in the East Valley Tribune's Best of East Valley publication last March. Since I live near downtown Mesa, it was on my ....list of "we'll eat there one of these days!"  Last night was THE NIGHT. We parked in back, being familiar with the old Tribune building I knew there would be parking back there. So, we entered from the back. Came down a long hallway but could smell the pastry.  We saw the kitchen, very open, workers working hard and the cashier had quite a long line of mostly teenagers and few of us middle aged people in line. A little bit of everything.  We made it through the line, someone in front of us ask us if this was our first time and we said Yes. She said to order the Ace of Spades, as it was a meatball sandwich. I thought I wanted pizza and hubby wanted the meatball sandwich, so I went for the chicken Parmesan.  We did wait quite awhile, seemed like too long as we were pretty hungry, but as busy as the place was, we really didn't mind people watching as it was down town Mesa'a 2nd Friday and they were having a character contest. Kinda fun and creepy to have zombies (alive ones) peering in the windows, but it did entertain us for awhile.  Once our food came, I was surprised how big the sandwiches were and the bread, looked like homemade bread. It was so warm to touch but then I dared and the food was just perfect temperature to eat. I was worried that it would be sloppy because the chicken parm was cut up in small pieces, but that just made it easier to eat. It stayed together VERY well and just a few small pieces dropped, but they didn't sit there for long. Hubby was really enjoying his very full of meatballs sandwich.  It's the bread...that was to die for....it's got me craving it already again this morning. It will be on our new - eat list - especially being open on Sunday!!!!  I am looking forward to eating there again and trying the pizza, but I can't imagine it being better than that chicken parm!!!!! Decor was fun, seating was full, but it was fun to see one huge table for about 16 people to sit at -- it was always full of teens, but that's ok! It's right next door to a GREAT antique and scrapbooking store...bonus for me.   DOn't wait-- go there NOW!
4 we found this place while walking in downtown for a first Friday event. i immediately loved the decor (exposed brick, some art on the walls, a really warm feel to it) and was instantly hooked by the smell wafting out of the front door.   the pizza itself is not the most outstanding thing in the world but it is pretty decent and i would love to go back and try the different pies. the sauce on the pie was pretty good, a little spicy with a tang at the end. toppings were fresh and delicious but i would have liked a little more crunch from the crust.   a really cute place to hang out at if you're in downtown mesa.i like the way this area is shaping up and turning out to be a resident friendly situation.
5 Found this spot today  while walking around main street with the family. Ordered mild hot wings, a pie of pizza, an order of garlic cheese bread and a Caesar salad. No complaints. Salad was awesome and they upgraded it to a bigger one because they forgot to make it. They gave us extra wings, needless to say we took food home and my hubby and kids were super happy and full. Very friendly staff and great prices. If you like thin crust pizza this is a good spot, reminds of me of a New York City pizzeria.
5 I've been to Queen's twice, and both times, the pizza was delicious. Very cheesy, and the sauce is perfectly formulated.   However, the food is not the only upside. The decor is unique and contemporary. The staff is friendly, and they tend to treat their customers right. The kind of customer service you don't tend to see around very often these days.   Oh, and it's wonderfully affordable.  Highly recommended.
4 This place has the best Pizza near Mesa, Tempe and Scotsdale. I am from the east coast - their pies remind me of slices in Philadelphia - you can buy by the slice or create your own. The last pie I got there was Gorgonzola, basil and it was fantastic. Recommended
4 The sandwiches at Queens are amazing. Aside from that, I've only had their pizza by the slice, which is a bit heatlamp/cafeteria-y; I've definitely had worse. I'd imagine their pizza is much better freshly baked. Service is very fast and friendly.
3 We were in the Downtown Mesa area and decided to try Queens Pizza. My husband and I are big pizza people, so we love trying out new places.  The atmosphere is fun and laid-back. We had our 2 toddlers and didn't feel out of place when there were a little loud or when they were running around. The art and decor is really fun, and there are a few arcade games.   The food was alright. We ordered one of their specialty pizza's (the lasagna pizza) which was suggested to us by the cashier, and wings (hot and honey bbq). The wings were ok, and the pizza was fine. We would probably go back if we were in the area again, or if we had the kids, but I can't see us going back just for the food.
5 Wow!!! Everything was amazing.  The food was affordable and tasty!  We had pizza, chicken fingers, wings and salad.  Nothing disappointed. There are classic games for the kids to play.  Service with a smile.  They also display some art for sale that adds to the atmosphere.  If I lived here I would be a regular.  If you are in Mesa stop by!
4 The food is standard fare, nothing amazing, but not disgusting either. But, I give them four stars because of two reasons. First, the employees are extremely friendly and real. I forgot his name now, but the bald guy with tattoos was so nice. He loved my Great Dane who he said made his day better since he was having a stressful day at work.  So he gave me and my boys a nice discount. I so appreciated that because I had to drive a long way to get there, so it really helped balance out the expense. I noticed the beautiful exposed brick of the historic downtown Mea building too, and it captured my heart and made me wish I lived out there since everything in north east Phoenix is pretty "big box" corporate owned generic strip mall land.  I would definitely go back again because even though it took literally over an hour for our food, I am a patient person and was just hanging out with my dog, friends and family.
4 Good place.. the decor is nice old building and they accent its charm in the decor. food was delish kids had pizza wife and I had sand witches. not just another pizza joint is what I enjoyed about it.
4 Great little pizza place on Main Steet Mesa. Pizza is pretty good, though not the best I've ever had. I go there quite a bit because the kids and I frequent the museums down nearby there, as well Milano's Music Store for my students' music supplies. Plus, if you check in there with the Yelp app, you're $2 off. It says new management but everything seems the same to me. Lots of cool artwork on the walls as well and some classic arcade games.
2 My family and I have visited here multiple times and each time a different bad experience. My hope for this review is to hopefully encourage Management to make a few changes. I also want to stress that I am all about home grown businesses and LOVE to support them.   Here are my experiences: 1. Out of dough at 6pm! We have visited on a weekday as well as a weekend and 3 times they have ran out of dough around 6pm. The crazy part is it wasn't busy.  2. Raw dough pizza. Every time we visit one of us has to have our pizza sent back to be extra cooked due to it being under cooked.  3. Lack of staff knowing menu. This sounds strange but we have came and ordered items on the menu that the staff there did not know how to make. I am discouraged to order anything but pizza because of it. 4. Cleanliness. Everytime we visit we have to ask for our table to be cleaned.  I have given Queens multiple chances and unfortunately I think I am going to have to pass on visiting for awhile.
5 Best pizza I've had since I was last in NYC. The management change hasn't affected the food at all. It's still awesome! The staff is always very friendly and place is clean. I've never had anything bad to say about it.
5 Awesome thin crust pizza. Their seasonings are very flavorful and the pepperoni is nice and spicy! The Olympics were going on and they happily changed the channel for us to catch some Olympic swimming. Everyone was so nice and welcoming.
5 We had a craving for a meatball sandwich and didn't know of any place to go to here in Mesa.  We looked online and this place was so close to us we had to try it.  It's all about the sauce and this place did a really good job of it.  We will be coming back to Queen's Bakery & Pizzeria and try other items on the menu.  The guys in the back was very personable and friendly, it was a pleasure to just sit and relax while enjoying our dinner.  Thank you.
5 These dudes are homies. Best pizza in town and the chilliest vibes of all time.
4 I support local business!  The staff are A+.  Ambiance is bright and open with cool old brick walls, high ceilings and local art.  I ordered the Queen Sandwich (their take on a Caprese) and it was delicious.  The Pizza is offered in slices or by the pie.  Thin and large, they are great as long as the staff does not over heat them.  The BBQ Chicken Sandwich was not so good and they forgot my requested cheese.  Timing on food could use a bit of work.  My friend gets slices and I get a sub 5 minutes after their food.  It's just kinda a pet peeve of mine.  Bathrooms are clean, parking in back, free refills and I feel appreciated as a customer when I'm there.  I like it for lunch to people watch off of Main.
3 Pizza was tasty. Wings are baked, not fried which gives a different (if healthier) taste. Staff is nice enough, but they gave our wings to another table and when they said they'd give us extra to make it right they gave us the same as we ordered.
3 My husband and I decided to try this place because it was close to out hotel and fellow yelpers gave it 4 stars.  We ordered a pizza and drinks.  It definitely wasn't the best pizza we've ever had but it was okay. The restaurant was clean and the staff seem friendly.
5 I had already heard good things about this place and was excited to try it. When I walked into the place it had an old school tone which I liked. The lady at the counter helped me right away so there was no waiting which was good. Not only that, but every time I walked near the register a new person would ask if I needed help. That's a great staff right there. I ordered for take out so I still had to drive home before trying it and it made me crazy. The food smelled so good. The crust was perfectly golden and crisp and it had the perfect amount of toppings. This is by far the best pizza place I have come across since moving out here. I'll be coming back soon.
4 Yesterday was the second time my daughter and I came here with the kids after going to the Mesa Youth Museum for their free admission Sunday. Both times were a big success. If you have kids,  this is the place to go. Not only do they have kid-friendly foods, but they have an amazingly kid-friendly atmosphere. If your little ones get a little rambunctious or fussy, you'll find no dirty looks here. They couldn't be more friendly and welcoming to your family. The owners are very friendly, too. After we were done eating the first time we went there, a month ago, we sat around swapping family stories.   We got the two slice special with drinks for $5.99 the first time we went there. The first time it was good, but yesterday it was hot out of the oven and really, really delicious, moist and chewy and cheesy. Last time we got an order of Popcorn Chicken,  $1.99, for the toddler and he had to fight us off for  bites if it,  it was so good! This time we were told they no longer carry those so we got a $2.99 order of Chicken Tenders, three in the basket. They were okay and again he loved  them. Last time we got two scoops of their delicious ice cream to  share, and this time we got the Cannilonis which were delicious. If you have  just been to the Mesa Youth Museum they give you 10-20% off your meal, can't remember which.   I think we may have started a family tradition, Youth Museum on their free Sunday, then Queens Pizza for dinner!
3 This is not q bad pizza place to stop by in Mesa! Nice ambiance and colorful setting to eat at. What I don't like about this place is they only have whatever pizza is on display. I tried the pepperoni pizza..the sauce was a delight to the mouth.....the cheese and crust....standard....nothing special. At least better than the cheese pizza.
4 Only giving four stars as I have never been to the actual location, only eaten takeout pizza that a friend picked up. But the pizza was excellent! We got the ham, pineapple and jalapeno thin crust pizza. This has to be the best pizza in Mesa!
4 There was a slight breeze and the green glow of the street light that performed it's lightly duty and kept us safe from the few cars that roamed the downtown streets. We walked past a young man shoveling the remains of the front window of the old Evermore Nevermore building into a wastebasket. We asked the caretaker if they were expanding into the adjacent building and if they were going to keep the mural that adorned the wall, he said yes they were expanding and didn't know about the mural as he shoveled the last of the earthly remains of the venerable Evermore Nevermore away to their final grave.   We walked in through the door and soaked in the brightly colored decor, the smell of fresh dough being baked to a thin perfection that middle aged soccer mom's can only dream of.   The staff greeted us exactly like the regulars that we are not. This ensures our continued visits to the brick walled abode of pizza goodness.   The pizza was cheap, but tasted like a million bucks.
2 This place has superb pizza, however, it isn't very well ran. After reviewing the menu online, I called in to order and the listed specials were non-existant, also many of the items on the menu had changed(including prices). I ordered pizza and wings and the pizza was delicious, but the wings were soggy(probably frozen) and came with ultra watered down ranch dressing. If I return I won't be ordering anything other than a slice of pizza and a fountain drink because that's all it seems that they do well here.
3 Downtown Mesa has some hidden gems tucked away on Main St., and this pizzeria place is one.  The place itself is ran by friendly people, which is great for both families or a simple "pick-me up". The vintage arcade games like Drive'm & PacMan, as well as the super ball quarter machines add a unique flavor to the decor. As someone mentioned you may find a table, or the counter which is not very clean. In my opinion it's not that dirty, and definitely an eatable establishment.  The food is great. We tried the cheese and sausage pizza. The pizza is thin crust, with a traditional "tomato" taste to it, which gives it a homemade kind of flavor. The crust is awesome by the way.  Support your local businesses. This one is well worth it since the pizza is unique, and tasty.
2 What happened? I used to LOVE this Downtown Mesa gem. I went in for lunch today and it was horrible. I was there at 11 AM right when they opened and they were already out of slices. Ok, no problem, they made more. I waited and it didn't take long to get my order. I got two slices and a soda, their lunch special. They double stacked the slices in one slice box and they stuck together so all my toppings from the bottom piece were on the bottom of my top piece. The quality was so subpar for them. The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way. It's Monday, they are closed on Sundays, shouldn't it have been fresh dough? This is the second time in 2 months this has happened on different days. The quality and awesomeness has left. So sad.
4 Super yummy pizza, awesome atmosphere, and open until 10pm?! Yes, please!!! Will be coming back for sure!
3 Pizza is good fresh, but not 30 mins later. Pizza sauce is unique and has a nice gentle spice. Half the staff is nice. Charge for ranch that is super watered down. Won't go out of my way to eat it again, but was decent. A little pricey too,
4 My family likes to visit Queen's. It can be hit or miss with the service. They don't do well under pressure, but if you happen in when there isn't a rush, you will get great pizza and awesome service.  UPDATE: The last couple times I have been here the service has been outstanding. Is there a new manager? Plus, the bruschetta is all I can think of. Changing my rating, adding a star.
4 I am always weary of new pizza places but i really enjoyed Queens! We got our pizzas to go, one pizza was just a pepperoni, and the other was along the lines of an everything pizza; our group like the everything pizza the most. The slices there are really big kinda different then what you get from the normal pizza chains. The pizza was great, my friends and I all said that we would come back!
5 Great atmosphere! Love the food and the people :)
3 Front cashier girl was pleasant as was the cook. I called an order to go after reading some reviews on Yelp, since I live down the street.   +I liked the layout inside  +Service was decent  +Pizza was decent, Salad was made with quality ingredients, Wings had good spice to them  - Wings were super fatty and skin was soggy. The pizza dough was really tough so since my daughter could not bite through, a cheesy, saucy mess ensued as she tried to eat everything but the crust. I liked the pizza, but it does not appeal to families with smaller children.  -Even after a $2 coupon from Yelp, it was over $30! I didn't mind the cost because I thought I would get the quality. To pay that much, the pizza would have to be adorned with more of the topping, and a fresher quality ingredient at that. The chicken had to be the cheapest the wholesaler has.  This is how I came to 3 stars. If the quality improves enough, I can see paying that much and give them 5 stars. If they just keep it the same, but charge less, I would have not as high expectations and enjoy the food more. Possibly giving 4 maybe 5 stars.
3 After our failed attempt to have lunch at Cucina di Vita, we went across the street to Queens.  Thankfully, this pizzeria actually has mozzarella on hand as well as slices, so we were able to eat right away.  The pizza was okay.  Big slices, good crust, but it had the "been sitting too long" factor as most slices do.  My husband thought it was great though, so I told him to write his own review.  I imagine their freshly made pies would be pretty darn good.  I also got a caesar salad.  Not a traditional caesar, but a good salad none-the-less.  The people working were really nice, and I might come back again if I'm in the area.
5 It's so great to have a pizzeria that serves pizzas with vegan cheese so close by! This is a fantastic place to order a pizza if you're vegan. The guy who took my order and made my pizza was very nice, helpful, and he even gave me a discount! I will definitely be returning here again.
5 Found this place during a bike night where they shut down main street and its motorcycle only parking.. Main st was crowded with people and food trucks and pizza sounded like a winner.. This is a little place with a couple arcades inside, nothing fancy by any means, but when the pizza arrived I was surprised at how great it was. The crust has a little crunch, the sauce was great, and fresh toppings.. One of the best pizzas I've had in AZ, way better than all the chains and comparable in price. Cant wait to go back and try a meatball sandwich.
5 Yes this place is deserving of all 5 stars!!!  The service is great, very cute lil spot, and the Pizza is incredible!  That is saying a lot considering I shared a vegan pizza with my GF.  I am definitely an omnivore however I would definitely eat it again and I will be back to try other things.  They even have Stromboli!!!  What????  I miss that from back east and it's hard to find here in the desert.  NY style pizza and selections and I'm sold!  Great menu, great prices, cute decor, mom and pop spot, and super friendly staff!!!  What more could you want?  Go check it out and support local business!!!  You won't regret it!
4 VEGAN PIZZA SUCCESS! Absolutely stoked on the availability of alternative options. I'm writing this review on behalf of my vegan husband...we were guests at a catered wedding next door. My husband couldn't eat the meat and cheese loaded dinner served, so we slipped out and walked the block looking for an alternative. A sign in the window offering Vegan choices caught our eye. Placed an order, returned to the shindig and came back a few minutes later to grab the order. He scarfed some in the parking lot to tie him over, and was anxious to leave after the event to really dig in. He's eaten many-a-vegan pies, and concluded that it was the most flavorful version he's had yet! He's a great cook himself, and knows what he's talking about...keep up the good work. Maybe offer more selections, because you're sitting on a gold mine since you pull it off so well! I would have given 5 stars, but I think the atmosphere could be spruced up a bit. Some paint and disinfectant can go a long way.
4 Holy hipster batman! I can't believe that downtown Mesa now is filled with hipsters! That is a huge step up from drug addicts roaming the streets. This place was filled with new vibe of hipster in the heart of downtown Mesa. At first I was unsure of this pizza place. But after eating the food, I can understand why nearly every seat in the house was taken. The food is great! The portions are large and the people are pretty nice. We got a calzone and a salad. It was hands down the best calzone I have ever had. Give these guys a try if you are in the area.
4 Food is probably one of the most unique. In a good way. Initially I thought they were NY style, but it seems that these guys created something new.   The sauce and pepperoni were delicious. The crust left more to be desired. Although I would appreciate the price rating be put at $$, as they are a lot more expensive than I thought.   $16 for a one topping 16" pizza isn't bad, considering the great taste, but it does warrant another dollar sign.
5 Sunday night in Mesa, where to go for good pizza that was fairly close to our hotel (Marriott)?  Queens it was and we are happy we did.  We now live in a city known for its cheesesteaks but the pizza in Philly is dang good, too.  This ranked right up there with anything we've had there.  We ordered the Supreme and it was delicious.  It was delivered to our table piping hot and aromatic.  The sausage has a delightful sweetness to it and the red peppers are wonderfully fresh.  The other ingredients were tasty as well but those two really stood out.  We had plenty left over for lunch tomorrow.  The service was timely and professional...which is not to say stiff but the right amount of personality and fun.  I will admit to being a whisker concerned about cleanliness judging by the waiter, cashier all around worker dude apron (hint David, order one in brown or black) but Our table was clean, the floor was fine, counter spotless and as the kitchen is not walled off it is easy to see it is clean as well.  We did not use the restrooms so can not comment.  Deducting a star for a well worn apron would be ridiculous.  It was a five star evening for us.
4 This was a total yelp find. I was house sitting for my in-laws and wanted some pizza so after reading reviews on a few places I decided on Queens.   First I put a pick up order in at 8 pm on a Saturday night and was told it would be ready in about 30 minutes which is not a bad wait. I parked in the rear of the restaurant and entered through the rear entrance which could of had better signage given the low light. Upon entering I was hit with the amazing smell of a quality pizzeria. The place was clean, kind of funky in the decor department and had a MS Pacman standup arcade game which I was immediately down to play but at last even though I was 10 minutes early they were taking my pizza out of the oven. I ordered a lonely jack minus the jalapeos and it looked delicious when they showed it to me. I got back to the house and found the pizza still hot after the 15 minute right . I had read reviews that raved about the crust and after the first bite I have to say the reviews were right the crust is amazing. It is thin with a slight crisp on the bottom ( I will order it a tad crispier next time) but with a good chew to it. It was complemented by fresh ingredients cooked to the right point. The pizza was very good and the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is due to the rear entrance situation which was low light and poor signage. Good pizza joint that if I lived near by would go into my rotation.
5 WOW!!!! This was not what I expected from a pizza joint! My husband and I took our 3 children to the Spark festival and after reviewing the food choices there we decided to take a walk. We found our way to Queens and decided that pizza was all the kids wanted. We ordered a Large Pepperoni that was wonderful. I am not a Pizza fan so my husband and I split the most amazing Spinach and Ricotta calzone and order of bruschetta. It was so flavorful I thought I was at a fine restaurant.   The ingredients were fresh and flavorful. The place can be busy so seating may be hard on a event night but trust me you will enjoy the food!!!!!
