4 I feel it is my duty living out here in the middle of nowhere to review local businesses to:   A) Convince my friends that there is life and non-touristy stuff in far northeast Scottsdale...    and B) Have a good excuse to eat at new places and use the excuse of "I'm doing research for Yelp".  My latest venture was The Spoon Cafe which is nestled in to a small shopping area off of Pinnacle Peak Rd. and Pima.  I stumbled across this place while making a quick Starbucks run a few doors down.  We came in around brunch time...and it was a beautiful day out. They had all of the doors open and the cozy patio was a perfect place to sit. So here's the skinny on the place:  Ambiance:  Relaxed, great for Sat/Sun breakfast. Nice selection of music playing...a little jazz, contemporary fare.  Food:  Good breakfast fare, giant french toast, pancakes, lots of omelets to choose from and great bagels.  Hummus plate is yummy with a very generous serving.  I was a little disappointed with a salad that we ordered, which is where the 4 stars come in.  The salad had scrumptious goat cheese, toasted almonds, and strawberry vinaigrette, but then....the whole rest of the salad was iceberg lettuce. Eewww!  Come on folks...you could at least splurge for a little romaine!   Besides the lettuce situation, the staff was efficient, friendly and I would definitely go back to eat here again!
5 If I could have a bistro style restaurant on beck and call I think it would be The Spoon Cafe.  We ventured out to the Northeast Scottsdale for breakfast on Sunday morning.  It's located across the street from Mastro's, at Pinnacle Peak and North Pima.    It was definitely a quiet Sunday morning, only a few tables filled, but fit our relaxed, we're-not-completely-awake-give-me-coffee mood. The server was very friendly and knowledgable about the food.  I ordered the Spanish Frittata and the hubby ordered the Croque Madame.  The frittata was perfectly baked with green pepper, onion, tomato, cheese and a delicious garlicly basil pesto.  I wanted to ask for a cup of the pesto on the side to eat with a spoon.  The Croque Madame was basically an open face breakfast sandwich: grilled ciabata, grilled deli-sliced ham, cheese, tomato and topped with two sunny side up eggs.  Every bite had a little of everything.  Both were served with ranch potatoes and the frittata came with toast.  Coffee was smooth and way better than any diner coffee I've had.  The rest of the menu from lunch to dinner looked intriging and something we will be back for. Dinner looked to have a good amount of Italian options including a Veal Ossobucco as well as specials like New York Strip and Coq a Vin. They have lunch box specials during the week with grilled paninis for $5.99.    The outdoor seating and bar looked like a great place to hang out on a pleasant evening with the front of store tarp rolled up, music playing and locals conversing.  The decor is modern but comfortable.  We can't wait to come back!
1 obviously Yelp isn't as widely used as i thought, as my wife and i decided to try this place, only to find it does not exist. Way to go Yelpers!
