5 Waffle fries and Polynesian sauce is where it's at. Sure, the chicken is good but the fries. Oh the fries, it's enough to make sure I never move to a state that doesn't have Chik-Fil-A again. I suffered a long 4 years in Wisconsin, a state devoid of  the chicken-y goodness that is the Chik-Fil-A. Sure, they had Steak and Shake but one can only subsist on Cheese Fries and Singles for so long before the urge for some Polynesian sauce comes through.   So when we moved out here, it was like God shone the light of heaven down on the state and said, "Settle here Megan and grow fat on fries and nuggets." Hey, you gotta listen to God. So 3 years later, I'm making sure I give a cardiologist a job by eating coleslaw, nuggets, fries, and Polynesian sauce.  P.S. Did you know you can now order online for pick up or delivery at Chik-Fil-A? Awesome.
2 So I was doing the no carb thing for awhile and my very first carb loaded meal was at Chik-Fil-A.  One would think that after not eating carbs for a couple months, anything would taste divine---- WRONG.  Chi-Fil-A used to be in malls when I was younger and they would hand out free samples of the yummy fried deliciousness on little toothpicks when you walked by.  This then would make me turn to my mother and beg, plead, cry to eat at Chik-Fil-A.  It was really good then.  This was my memory when I went to the Tatum location.  What I got was a super fried chicken fillet that needed salt-- gasp!  Who actually adds salt to fried chicken?  Well, this one tasted bland., so I HAD to.  My bun was soggy and my fries were cold.  Is this really the carbs I was craving all this time? No.  I should have gone to have sushi.  the 2 stars are because I WANT it to be more that 1 star.   I give it another go ahead, a few weeks later-- at this point I have eaten so many carbs my pant buttons are popping off and AGAIN!  cold fries and soggy bun.  WTF??!!  I haven't been back since and since I am on a NEW diet, I won't be heading there anytime soon.  Boooooooo.
5 So good. the sandwiches, the salads, the ice cream. and of course, the fries. sooo good. and chik fil a sause is the best. and it is all pretty healthy for you too!
4 Chick-fil-a is comfort fast food for me. I love the original chicken sandwich; I add 1 pack of honey mustard. I grab a second honey mustard packet for dipping my delicious waffle fries - which, unfortunately, they sometimes skimp on, in my opinion.   I have to tell you, though, I witnessed the talent of the best balloon artist I've ever seen at this location! (He's not there every week, but you'll find him there on some Wednesday afternoons for the whole "kids eat free" thing.) I was so mesmerized, as I waited in line to order and then for my food,  that I hardly noticed the wait and the fact that the place was overrun with little ones didn't detract from my experience! Chick-fil-a actually caters to the whole family thing really well. (And, their kids' meals have educational toys, often promoting literacy).
4 Yes, I'm reviewing @ChickfilA, but with good reason.  Marissa worked the counter today, and epitomized service with a smile!  She delivered our food to the table, and even asked if we needed refills on our drinks.  She was one of the friendliest people I've ever encountered at a fast food restaurant, and should be praised by her employer.  The food is pretty good, and I would probably go to Chik fil-A before KFC.  But I just want to rave about the service.
2 This Chick Fil A is awful. The last 3 times I have been here I have gotten soggy fries that are undercooked. How do you consistently mess up fries?? I love chick fil A but this location sucks. I've learned my lesson and I just have to drive up to North Scottsdale to get my fix.
4 I do like their food. I like how the kid meals come with something educational instead of some piece of plastic junk. The only thing I would say is for the price, I think their portions could be a little bigger. I am always wanting just a couple more waffle fries.
4 Over the years, I have taken a strong liking to Chick-fil-a.  The chicken is tasty and is not processed like the other fast food restaurants.  The waffle fries are delicious.  The staff is extremely friendly and at times will come to the table and offer free soda refills.  Each Wednesday they have a Kids Night from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.  Last week there was a balloon artist.  It is a fun time had by
3 I love the spicy chicken sandwich, also the iced tea/lemonade mixture I usually get instead of soda. The waffle fries are usually awesome when they are fresh out of the fryer... unfortunately the batch I got yesterday were cold and tasted like an ashtray. The dog enjoyed them, though.
2 Compared to the one in Deer Valley where I work.....this one needs some serious improvements. I know Chick-Fil-A takes it's customer service....food....and store cleanliness very serious. This one however is the exception especially when it comes to cleanliness and organization. This locale is always messy....the condiments are always disorganized....and the lemonade on my last 3 occasions has not been good..... for lack of a better word. I am shocked and appalled really because I have been to several of these establishments and if the managers there could see this store they would be shocked as well. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends.....just not at this Chick-Fil-A.
5 Love to come here for the fries and shakes! Delicious and quick, friendly service.
4 I am addicted to the grilled chicken and fruit salad. It is low cal if you use the low cal dressing and very filling. The staff will go out of their way to get things right- and make your experience a positive one.  I buy the nugget trays too when I am having guests and it is always the first thing to be finished.
3 Eh it was ok, not as amazing as everyone tells me it is. When I lived in Vegas everyone would say if Chick-Fil-A was here Raisin Cane's would be put to shame...HAHAHA yeah right! I am glad I tried this now because nothing here stacks up to it. The Chicken was really solid could tell it was fresh cut before fried. But it just was lacking in flavor. The sauce was not inspiring but OK. ( I did take 8 packs home to Seattle with me) But it was nothing like the Canes sauce. The Sweet Tea was even disappointing vs Raising Canes. Overall compared to other fast foods it is better than most. But, I only eat fast food if it is outstanding and this was not it.
3 I went 3 days ago and got a meal of Chick-fil-A Nuggets with waffle potato fries and a lemonade drink. The nuggets are ok, I think the fries were better. And the lemonade was too sweet too much sugar...diabetes? As for the sauces, the only one I liked was the bbq but they stingy with them.
4 Ok, yes I am writing a review for a fast food restaurant. I realize that seems a bit strange and quite possibly extremely unnecessary. I mean, fast food is fast food right? Everyone knows what their getting into and what kind of food to expect, right? While this is true I felt it was worth writing a little snippet for the always refreshing Chick-Fil-A.  It's nice to have a fast food experience where the food tastes fresh and actually like real chicken. The nuggets are yummy, flavorful but not overbreaded. My parents enjoyed their chicken sandwiches and agreed that the food is fresh tasting and not too heavy. We also enjoyed the sweet tea which is a classic Chick-fil-A staple.  One important thing to note was that this location was super busy when we walked in right at noon but soon after we ordered our food was ready in a flash. And for those of you who have never been to CFA before? The icing on the cake is the wonderful assortment of dipping sauces to suit whatever flavor mood you are in at the moment. Or you can do what I do and open one of each and dip to your hearts desire. Who doesn't love variety?!
4 Yes, I know, Fast Food.  But I am a fan because:  1. It's within walking distance of my office 2. The restaurant is always clean. 3. They pretty much do one thing, Chicken.  And they do it well. 4.  An assortment of dipping sauces 5.  Chewy mints for that after-lunch freshen-up  Service has always been prompt.  I generally will order the nuggets, which are small chunks, lightly breaded and perfect for dipping.  Sometimes I will order the hot and spicy chicken sandwich, just for a change of pace.  They also offer other sandwiches and salad combination.  lunch tip - a small box of nuggets compliments my home-made salad for lunch and keeps me within target range of my carbs for the day.
5 I don't do fast food very much anymore, but I stopped here over the weekend to show Chick-Fil-A some love for standing by their morals.  I was in the area to visit another store, and made sure to stop here for lunch!   The employees here are very friendly and helpful, as they are at every CFA I've been to. If you're unfamiliar with their menu, they have breakfast from open to 10:30 - the awesome CFA biscuit, and bacon-egg-cheese, and others. My favorite items on the rest of their menu is the regular CFA sandwich and the spicy chicken wrap...I get them with fruit cups instead of fries, and their great sweet tea. Yum! This is a treat, not a regular thing for me, but I'm glad to support them.   This location is at the corner of Tatum and Cactus, on the SEC, in the same area as the Wal-Mart and Michael's.
4 Fast food can be delicious, at least at Chik-Fil-A!  I met some moms here for a little play date and lunch, I hate McD's and this is another option - a better, cleaner, more nutritious and delicious option.  UPS: My daughter hates nuggets, any nuggets, anywhere.  She LOVED these nuggets and the fruit cup, she finished it all!    The play area is smaller but it's nicer and cleaner and has less kids running around (at least on this afternoon).  They have delicious and fresh salad options which also come with their scrumptious chicken (you can get grilled too).  Love the dressings!  Friendly and helpful staff.  DOWNS: A little pricey for those fresh salad options (almost $8)  Sucky kids toys (comic book?)
5 Yum yum yum..... I wanna rub chick fil a's chicken all over my face! It's soooooooooo good!   Get a number five. 12 piece... The 8 will not be enough. Yum. Honey as ur dipping sauce is amazing! The waffle fries are delightfully delicious.   The lemonade is the best you have ever had! I'm scared that this location is so close to my house.   This location is clean and the staff is very friendly!
5 Five stars I grew up on CFA It is Hot Good and well Extra Good. Order what you like its all GOOD. All white mean chicken the king of sandwiches when it comes to chicken. The fries are the best ever to touch your lips and gums. They have pure honey & they know I'm on my way so they never run out.
4 Went at the busy hour of lunch, they were on their game in and out of the drive thru in less than 10min. Love the chicken wrap with spicy sauce and love the waffle fries.
4 Love the food here, it's so fresh and made to order.  They don't leave any food on the hot plate or under the lights.  Love the waffle fries and their milkshakes.  All the employees that works there are very polite.  Just love it.
4 What can I say except I have soft spot for Chick-fil-A.   Perhaps it's their world-famous chicken sandwich. Or perhaps their hatred of the sacred cow.  Either way I like it.   I prefer the plain old number one sandwich combination, hold the pickle.   Also, their milkshakes are rather tasty.  However, their waffle fries could use some improvement, . as could their approach for filling up soda behind the counter. Other than that, I'm sorry Yelp, I'm giving a fast food restaurant four stars.
2 The classic chicken sandwich with cheese is fantastic for a quick lunch.  But I have stopped going altogether because the woman who works the dining room during lunch insists on having 3 different interactions while I am trying to chew my food.  First time she asks if everything's ok.  Next time she asks if she can refill my untouched soda.  And the third time she asks if she can take my tray. I recognize that probably follows her training guidelines. But it is not working for this guy.  All I want is 20 minutes of peace while I eat.  I am more than capable of expressing any unmet needs.
5 Love their chicken sandwiches and biscuits! Their lemonade is awesome, as well. The service at this location is always fast and friendly. The food is hot and fresh. I stop here pretty often for breakfast on my way to work. You can order a sandwich instead of a biscuit for breakfast, if you prefer! :)
5 This location is always clean and the staff is friendly. I visit here when the truck is being serviced next door. The same team always seem to be working the front as well. Pristine both for food and experience!
