2 Stopped by today to try the newly advertised Beijing Beef. It is advertised as Crispy, Tangy and Tasty. It was limp, no tang what so ever and yes it has a taste, purse sweet. Yucky poopie. Of what can ne expect of Panda Express. The place was clean and the employees very friendly.
3 Panda Express admittedly tastes better when you've been eating American food an entire trip (and I'm not talking about Native American here).  It was okay as far as Panda Expresses go.  My gripe with the place is that the drivethrough is way too important for the servers.  As I waited in line (with one person in front of me and several behind me), I noticed that they fulfilled four drivethrough orders before even looking at the woman in front of me.  That to me seems like a bad serving strategy.
1 Customer service is always and I mean always bad here and the food is just ehhh also but I continue to go here for a bowl of white rice which that they can screw up.
1 I like Panda Express food but over the last few years their servings have gotten too small. We used to get the Panda Feast, I say used to because we quit going there all together. They used to fill those qt. containers until they could barely get them closed, now they fill the containers a little over 3/4 full, but charg full price. This just wasn't happening with one particular server but all of them so I think maybe their managers are telling them to under fill containers. I don't know that for sure, but what I do know is that I am not particularly fond of getting ripped off so to avoid getting burned we just don't go there anymore.
1 This is the worst panda i have ever been two twice now they have shorted me on the portions and gotten my order incorrect. I am a pretty cool customer and i get the three entrée meal. The portion of one of my entrée choices was so small i doubled up on instead of complaining only to find out that the side box that they filled as my third entree and second portion had 2 pieces of beef in it  and was only a third of the way full. I will not be returning to this particular panda ever again. I spent 10 minutes signing up for yelp just to complain about this; to give you an idea of how infuriated i am. I also always ask for white rice and receive fried rice.
4 This location is always super yummy, fresh, and friendly service. I am not sure why it has such low reviews because every time I have been to this location over several other near my house it is consistently better than the others. We have been coming to this location for at least a few years. The store seems to always be busy so the food is always fresh. When I go to other locations I always find myself wondering why I chose Panda, this location make me want to chose it again in the near future. We will be back soon!
1 Terrible service and empty pans. We have been to this location three times and every time they have empty pans and are understaffed. Never have the apologized for the long wait.  I will not return to this location.. I will stick to the one on Estrella.
