4 So what happens if you follow Tropicana all the way to its very eastern end?  Does it peter out into an old mafia graveyard strewn with the bones of gamblers who never paid their debts?    No!  There is a park.  Clark County is building a big new park at this eastern extreme of Trop, and it's looking good.  There is a nature preserve with a few miles of trails that weaves past a creek and a pond with a flock of ducks.  Rabbits are everywhere, the cute cottontail kind.  There is usually a hawk gliding along with a bit of rabbit stuck in his beak.  Occasionally you'll spy a lean hungry looking Coyote (they're small, don't worry, like foxes) probably trying to find Roadrunner.    And best of all - TREES!  Yes I know that is not a typo, trees in Vegas!!  Shocking.  Green ones.  Go quick before they chop them down to build another casino.  It's nice to see a place with greenery and some nature, a good break from the concrete jungle of Vegas proper.  The trees are a bit small and more shade would be nice - so go in the morning or the evening near dusk for a better experience.     The new addition they're working on will add a children's play area and more formally landscaped trails with streams and ponds, due to be finished by the end of summer.  Check out the county website link for more pictures and info.  It's about time that the east side had a park like Red Rock in the west and Springs Preserve in the central area.  Vegas could use more parks and green space, more pleasant spots to chill out and get away from the casinos every now and then.
3 I finally got myself to this, and it was open!  This is a combination of nature preserve and community park but they are separate so don't expect to be doing Frisbee in the middle of the nature preserve or see native animals roaming the playground.  It looks like a very nice facility and area but I was disappointed that there are only walking trails, no auto route, as it's unbearably hot for most of the year and there is very little shade in the nature preserve part, and the shortest trail was half a mile one-way.  If I happen to go back in winter, I will definitely get out on the trails but probably not any other time of the year.
5 I enjoy this park for it's solitude. It's a great place to walk around, and to see birds and animals that are not found within the city( rabbits, herons, egrets, ibis, quail, road runners etc). You get an idea of what some of the Las Vegas valley looked like before it was settled, before it was tainted by urbanization.
5 Go in the morning or evening when it's cooler. This is, hands down, the coolest place in all of Las Vegas! When you're there you forget that you're anywhere near LV unless you look at the skyline. People who've lived here for ten years don't know this place exists, it's a wonderful hidden gem in this city that's worth being in the know about! On any given day here you'll see great blue herons, night hawks, killdeer, avocets, tons of different kinds of ducks, ibises, redwing blackbirds, frogs, rabbits, hummingbirds, quail...the list goes on and on.  Check out the visitor center too, very knowledgeable, all volunteer staff. They can point you in the right direction to see cool, and sometimes unusual for the area, birds.
5 Love going to this park,
5 The best kept secret in Vegas
5 Walked this trail twice this weekend, once with my friend then next day with my dog. You can bike it too. There are a few trails to take and the beauty is fabulous. The wetlands with ducks, birds, rabbits & etc they have blocked off nesting, resting and feeding grounds for them! They have nicely built small wood bridges and places you can go to watch & listen to nature. Wetlands Park Nature Center will be opening Spr 2012! Love this close by trail walk.
5 This is absolutely one of those must visit places.  It's also a place you must visit more than once to explore.    I've been here before, but I never took the time to explore and see what really was here.  My curiosity was piqued when I rode my bike along the Flamingo Wash to the Las Vegas Wash on the other side of the Wetlands Park.  Then I knew I had to come back and explore further.  Once you get beyond the Duck Creek concrete trail, you arrive at the Dragonfly Divide.  It's from this trail at the Wetlands Park that you can walk over to the Las Vegas Wash east of the sewage treatment plant and see the water as it makes its way to Lake Mead.  The amount of water that leaves Las Vegas every day is incredible, and it comes through this area where it is cleansed more by the reeds, stones, and the open air.  The water fowl in various ponds are beautiful to see.  This is a truly fantastic place to be away from the world for awhile and be alone with the animals and plants.
4 I wish I lived closer to this park. I really didn't feel like I was in Las Vegas. It's not done yet, so you may hear some construction noise in the background but it's gonna be awesome when the park's finished. It's free, easy to find, and the volunteers at the information trailer are great. Even gave us a few suggestions for other hikes in the area we've never been on. So pretty and peaceful, lots of wildlife to see. I was sad when we saw all the trash people have dropped in the water. The Las Vegas wash area under the bridge was horrible with tires, balls, bottles, etc. Poor fishies and ducks. The "Playzone" they have built for the kiddies is awesome too...lots of things to climb on, giant animals, very cool.
5 Such an awsome place right here in the desert.    It needs several visits to fully enjoy and explaore.
3 Great place to observe nature and have a  stroll in some trees. NO DOGS ALLOWED we later found out after bringing our baby with us. Other than that unreasonable request its a nice place to find a little nature in the middle of the desert.
5 Clark County Wetlands Park is an awesome sight in the desert, plus it's free. As of April 2012, there is still construction taking place on the far side of the park, but hopefully it'll be awesome when it's all done. You'll find primary paths (concrete) and secondary paths (dirt). Nice marshes and ponds in the area, and even saw a jackrabbit. Overall, it's a great place to be alone with the animals and plants, but would recommend you bring water, sunscreen, and a hat especially on hot days.
4 I enjoy my walks here at this park however they do not allow dogs. They have paved roads and pathways for you to jog and walk on. Several streams can also be found here. The park also has a playground for kids. Construction currently going on for the maintenance of the park.
3 This place has 4-1/2 stars! How overrated! You evil people tricked me! I drove all the way from the Providence district of Las Vegas to get here because of the reviews. All that was here was a lot of sewer water and a ton of garbage. Not to mention the occasional weirdo hiding in the marshes.   There ain't much I can say about this place.  It's practically just another place owners of Aquatic Painted Turtles come to abandon their once beloved pets.  Aquatic turtles do seem like cool pets, but keeping the tank clean is very time consuming and difficult. Food and chemicals will end up costing hundreds of dollars a year. So, eventually the owner gets overwhelmed and will decide to bring their turtle to these public wetlands and leave them. Just to let  you guys know, not only is abandoning your Aquatic Turtle illegal, but remember that someday they will grow up, and they will always remember the injustices and crimes you committed against them, and they WILL find you, and they will kill you. I read in the newspaper a few years ago that an abandoned three-toed box turtle found his owner in Boulder City almost 10 years after she was abandoned. Luckily the former owner of the turtle was at work at the moment, but when he got home he found his wife dead on the floor as a result of a single gun shot wound to the head, his oldest daughter was tied up in the bathroom and there were signs of sexual assault, and his son had been kidnapped and sold to a brothel in the Philippines. Let this be a cautionary tale for you. Do not abandon your pet turtles!  ....Okay now, the sad thing was that maybe 40% of North West Las Vegas residents believed that story I just told.   Getting back to subject.... There was a lot of carp here with the occasional sunfish. Unfortunately, there was a sign that read no fishing. The good news for the environmental activists who are trying to protect the fish is that no normal person goes fishing for carp and sunfish on their own free will.   There was also many signs that prohibited swimming. The water is all reclaimed from the sewer, so I don't know why someone would want to swim here. But, this is the Boulder Highway area so many of the residents might have once used this place as their "cement pond".  They have this cool bridge and waterfall thing, but you gotta walk like 3 miles to get there. This is very difficult in 120 degree heat.  The garbage near the Flamingo Wash is just strange. It isn't so much the actual amount of garbage near the Flamingo Wash that's strange, it's the type of garbage. Monster truck tires, An old HP laptop, one of those restroom signs with the little man on it, an over sized novelty check, a DVD of the 1980s He-Man live action movie starring Dolph Lundgren, and a car battery(who throws away a car battery?). So do people actually come here to throw these things into the Flamingo Wash?   You know, I might be back when they finish construction on that new visitor center/museum. But, it's not worth coming here from the NW area. We got much better things in this area(Charleston, Floyd Lamb, Red Rock, etc).
5 Ive never seen more wildlife in my entire time living here than i have in one afternoon at this park! Theres a waterfall hidden at the back of the park, lots of shade and places to sit, and restrooms sprinkled throughout the park. Bring WATER, and GRAB A MAP! (i got lost and its easy to do!) WONDERFUL way to get some excercise AND get back to nature :) if you love nature, particularly trees & water, thiS place is a breath of fresh air. But if you arent much of a nature lover, theres not much to do. I took my kids and they enjoyed splashing in mud puddles, and we saw a roadrunner, but i havent located the playground yet, so after a while they got bored. Not me! Im a real nature girl, always loved to wander the woods of PA as a girl, so this is like a lil slice of home for me :)
4 This is a nice jaunt away from the city, located just as Tropicana ends on the East side. There are paved trails as well as gravel ones that you can walk or jog around. We saw a number of bicyclists, so that is an option as well. They built a board walk around some of the ponds, which offers nice vantage points to look out at the water and relax. We saw turtles, fish, loads of bunnies, and giant dragonflies.  They recently built an interpretive center for the park, although it was closed when we were there. It was a bit odd, as it was so huge, shiny, and deserted!  My friend commented that while we were wandering around the interpretive center, it felt like we were in a zombie apocalypse / I Am Legend movie.  Remember to bring water and a hat, plus watch out for mosquitoes!
1 Parked my car there and went for a walk yesterday. Came back and my car had been broken into. Purse of my girlfriend stolen and other valuable items. WILL. NEVER. BE. BACK.   THE HOMELESS AND RIFF RAFF OF HENDERTUCKY ROAM THIS AREA.   DON'T GO!!!
5 Wetlands Park is a work in progress and as such..one needs to keep this in mind when visiting the place. I'm writing this after reading Tetsuro's review, and in a sense he's right. 4 1/2 stars? Really? Yet I went there today and I took my soon to be 3 year old along. And when viewed through the eyes of a parent and an excited and curious little boy, it's a genuine 5 Star experience...and again it's not even finished yet.   We went into the main building and were met by very helpful staff who gave us a map, gave my son a sticker, and explained a little about what was planned for the elevated buildings...which are lifted up above the wetlands so you can look down at a small pond, and a stream making it perfect for little ones to see things they would normally miss. While I loved the architecture of the buildings my son was pulling me out the door and looking over the railing at the ducks.   A walk along the trail, across a low water crossing of sorts, and looping around to the bridge was a bit of a walk. Yeah, you don't want to touch the water...especially when you think that the vast majority of water that falls in the valley flows through there...including what the sewer treatment plants discharge. The stream has all sorts of urban trash...yeah, it ain't pretty in a sense but it gives you a teaching opportunity to explain why we put trash in the trash can and don't drop it just anywhere. But the sound of the water rushing over the low water dam and the rocks is pleasing to the ears, and trash or not, it's still worth looking at the rushing water cascading over the rocks....  Overall Wetlands Park took up 90 min of my time...but I consider it 90 min very well spent. I got quality time with my little boy and he asked about things and pointed out even more...and again as seen through the eyes of a child this place was cool.   5 Stars: Seriously. This is a very good use of Clark County tax dollars...and worth the time to visit in the fall. If it was summer...I'd think twice. But in the fall...or spring? Well worth it.
4 birds, lakes, great walking trails, it does not feel like you are in las vegas, you can really wander around here for a few hours and just enjoy it...that is all
5 I love this park!  It is more of a nature preserve then a park really.  It is full of streams, ponds and lots of wildlife.  You definitely don't feel like you are in Las Vegas.  I live really close by and had never been.  Boy have I been missing out.  A lot of the park is still under construction but what they have so far is beautiful.  There is a nature center, café, exhibition gallery all opening "Spring 2013".  So hopefully very soon.  The buildings are really nice and remind me of Springs Preserve.  There is even an amphitheater for events.  We spent most of the morning and still have so much more to explore.  This is a great place to take the kids.  They love spotting all the animals and walking the trails.  Mine keep asking to go back.  I'm looking forward to it too!
5 From the reviews I read about this place before coming here, there were many complaints about the dog feces all over but my visit here on a Sunday morning, the trails were free from anything you would not want to step on.  There was even a sign that clearly states no dogs allowed to keep the park clean so maybe this rule was implemented recently but now that I got that out the way, let me tell you about this park!  Even though I'm not a big fan of easy hikes, this family friendly trail gives you access to a place I thought was nonexistent around Vegas. A wetland in Henderson? You have got to be kidding me!? But this place went beyond my expectation! Egrets, and other species of birds that I have not seen around Vegas since I moved here, turtles basking on the rocks, lushly environment and the tall grass that stretched across the plains made for an amazing view reflecting from the sunrise.    This place is a must see for bird lovers, outdoors photographer, hiking enthusiast (despite it's not much of a challenge) and people with kids. It's a great introduction hike for starters. I'll definitely be paying a visit back.  Best time to go is early spring because the creeks are still full and the arrival of wetland birds.
4 Vegas is Sun City! Surrounding the City is vast preserved open spaces for people to enjoy outdoor recreation in the sun. Desert Wetlands Park is 2,900 acres of that open space east of the City.     Wetlands Park celebrates the Las Vegas Wash. I regard Wetlands Park as linear shorelines along the Las Vegas Wash from its origin near the water treatment plants east to its destinations at Lake Mead via Lake Las Vegas.    Civil Engineers have done the inevitable. They have beat the illusionists headliners on the Strip by performing the feat of transforming treated sewage into a magnificent river of water that passes through a green ribbon of wetlands in the East Clark County desert.    A major reason for the conception of Wetlands Park was to control the waste water and storm runoff from the City toward Lake Mead. When hikers explore Wetlands Park they take in man-made dams, weirs, and ponds that slow down the speed of water. A secondary reason of Wetlands Park is for people to enjoy miles of hiking in the open spaces under the Las Vegas sun. I am one of those people.    From this point forward this review focuses on my adventures hiking the undeveloped vast east section of Wetlands Park from the Lake Las Vegas Village parking garage to the wetland spillway off Pabco and Telephone Line Roads. In the future I intend to review Wetlands Park Nature Preserve which is located adjacent to the Visitor Center off of Tropicana and Wetalnds Park Lane.    People have asked, "How do I get from Lake Las Vegas to Wetlands Park?" Lake Las Vegas does not make it easy. What I do is walk through Lake Las Vegas Village, and follow the walkway overlooking the lake toward Lake Las Vegas Parkway. Please keep in mind that this is the same water of the Las Vegas Wash that the hike follows. When I get to Lake Las Vegas Parkway, I turn left and walk uphill. At the first road to the right, before the stop sign, I turn right. Without a cross walk, I run across Lake Las Vegas Parkway. I am now on Via Antincendio for a short distance. The administrative building is on my right. In a short distance, I pass Lake Las Vegas Fire House. This is where the Wetlands Park begins.    The hike starts off ordinary. It follows a dirt road (the maps show it as Pabco Road) through ordinary scenery. The perpendicular powerlines dominate the landscape with the wires buzzing high above.    Beyond the powerlines is a hiking hub. A left turn on the paved Wetlands Connector Trail reaches the River Mountains Loop Trail. A right turn connects to a bridge over the Las Vegas Wash. This is the origin of the hike destined for the Wetlands Park Nature Preserve adjacent to the Visitor Center.    On this bridge, I have spent several minutes in solitude watching the water rush toward Lake Las Vegas. My most 5 star moments here have been in sundown turning to dark watching the sun reflect against the mountains and the rapids below. My solitude spot is no longer a secret. Henderson is now opening Terrazzo Park in the shadow of this bridge.     When I do this hike, beyond the hub I hike west where the Wash is on my right. From my experience I recommend to make a right turn every chance possible. My major tip is to always Keep Right. These are the alternate trails that hug the Las Vegas Wash. If you enjoy watching ducks, these are the trails to hike on. Eventually the trails meet up with Pabco Road.   Progressing further west on the trail, Calico Mountain is to the left. This is a hike of its own that I plan to partake in.    When I continue along Pabco Road I see new park development. As I write this, a new facility is under construction in the shadow of Calico Mountain.     It is in this vicinity that a right turn treats hikers to some of the nicest scenery in the Vegas Valley. I call this the wooded south bank scenery. This narrow trail through wetlands passes through scenery that resembles nothing of the desert. This is scenery that is more familiar to a hike along a New England woodland. Once the hiker sets foot in this section they have escaped the Mojave Desert for a few minutes. Up above canopies of numerous types of trees tower above. Leaves carpet the ground. Down below the rushing waters look more like an African River than treated waste water. A few feet further, the Wash looks like a bayou. The walk in the woods lifts up the hikers spirits with green spaces that look like farm land. Above various birds fly and below various water fowl float on the water. When I hike in these woods, I loose perception that I am looking at treated sewage water.   Near the end of the wooded section, there are scenic vistas of Frenchman Mountain and Rainbow Gardens towering over the Las Vegas Wash. The hike rejoins Pabco Road and in a mile it ends at the wetlands spillway off Pabco Road (reaching 5,001 word limit).  Daniel. S. Yelp 100 Challenge Review 71.
5 My three young kids (2-5 yrs old) and I went exploring at the Park today.  The Nature Center, which opened in April 2013 has some very nice, hands on exhibits for the children and bonus - its very well air conditioned!  The kids loved checking out the microscopes and kid friendly exhibits.  We also headed out to the trails which the kids liked but we got kind of a late start so it was already getting hot and we didn't stay outside long.  We will definitely be back. There is a nice little play area if you turn left just before entering the wetlands park (follow signs).  It has a little climbing wall and picnic table, I think we will do a packed lunch next time.  Even better bonus - there is a lot to explore so can go multiple times, it's free and there are several restrooms which I always look for since I have young kids.  Definitely recommend!  I especially love that it is a great introduction to nature, while only being a short drive from the city.  A more detailed review is on my blog - http://chaosinmyark.blogspot.com/2013/06/wetlands-nature-center-and-park-free.html
3 A fun, easy place to do a little easy hiking. Due to it's easy access you sometimes get lots of people out here.  Also because of it's proximity to town you do get some strange people out here sometimes hiding in the bushes doing drugs or who knows what. I once knew a couple that went for a walk out here late in the evening and got mugged. So you do wanna watch yourself out here.
4 The Wetlands Park is like not being in Vegas, yet, right there is Vegas. You barely have to get off the "beaten path" to get here. I am jealous of people who live in close vicinity because the walking trails here are perfect for a morning run.   My husband and I took a stroll here a couple weeks ago in the late afternoon. It was HOT. But there are quite a few shaded areas to walk through. You can see a lot of bunnies, lizards, turtles, and different bird species here. Plus there are even some fish in the murky waters.  I would assume the area has running water when Las Vegas gets rain. However, when my husband and I went most of the pond areas were still, making the smell kind of atrocious. If you walk far enough back you will find the run-off coming from the water plant, which is, of course, what makes the wetlands.  There is a large modern looking building here. It was closed when my husband and I went, but there is a museum of sorts, some educational areas, and it looks as though a cafe is going to be opening up here soon.  I plan to go back for sure. The walking paths again, as I said, are very nice, as most are concrete. There are a few trails that go off hat are not concrete.  This is definitely a "not Vegas" place. No casinos, no flashing lights. Just nature and what not. Of course, it is also FREE!
5 The Wetlands Park is beautiful! There is such a variety of plants and animals living there, and it's wonderful to see humanity working *with* nature to purify water flowing into Lake Las Vegas and Lake Mead.  I can't recommend this park highly enough, and will definitely be visiting again!
5 I live close to the Wetlands and have been going there the last several years. The new center the built is beautiful. The trails are constantly being improved and are always in great condition. I noticed the trails are always crowded with people enjoying the scenery in the area. I can't wait to see what the future has in store for this area. This place is a what this side of town needed to make it worth visiting.
5 not much that hasn't been said so here is a video of my experience at the wetlands nature center. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NelL0lSW4sM&feature=share&list=UUHxCm8yARmGL1AtxOC4VkAw
4 So i live in henderson, 10 miles outside Las Vegas and was looking for a nice place to take a walk. I found this on yelp, and absolutely loved it. My mom was visiting and I took her there and she loved it too. It's a little difficult to find that's why I'm giving it a 4 stars, not enough signs when you park.  when you park the car, you have to look in the distance and look for trees... And basically walk through the desert on a trial until you get to the bridge   Overall it's beautiful there, tall plants and running water. Lots of ducks and birds. Beautiful place for a picnic or to just sit next to the river. It's nice to actually see grass and trees near vegas!!   Recommend this place for anyone! I added photos too. Super nice place
5 Truly the oasis that you don't expect in suburban LV.  Flanked by the UNLV stadium and developments, it's truly nice to wander on nice flats trips through tall reeds, the sounds of rushing water, and all the wildlife.   Perfect in the wintertime, everything is green and lush, unlike the road you drove to to get here.  Easy to find, you can park at the Duck Creek trailhead a mile away and find easier parking, or simply park in the lot.     Great views of the city and the mountains from the east edges (where the bridges are) of the park.
4 This is a great place to come if you want to catch some fresh air and go for a long walk or bike ride :) Definitely was a nice change from the typical desert scenery. The Nature Exhibit is also a nice place to take your kids for free! The ladies who worked at the information desk were extremely friendly, which was a little bonus to our experience at this park.
3 I'm not too fond of trails or wetland parks but I wouldn't go to this place alone.. A bit on the scary side (like will something/someone jump out of the tall, dry bushes to attack). We didn't go into the trail too far so I don't know what else is inside. But a plus to this place would be for people to get away, read a book, ride a bike, or something to that nature.
5 Came to Duck Creek Trail a while ago before the renovation took place and it was blah. Went this past weekend with my dog, and wow, what a transformation. Doggy bag stations up front, dog water fountain, trash bins with heavy covers that close and stay closed. Nice bathrooms, no more port-a-potty's.  The trails are wide, and they have added some bridges so you can catch a glimpse of the area. Great photo ops, didn't see any wildlife.  As another poster said, very tall grass in some areas, so I wouldn't walk this alone as a female, unless you have a large dog with you (as I did), or with other people. When you get out of the trail, there is a rock like, unfinished road where a pond lies. Looks like they're going to expand it more in the coming years.  Being a wetlands, and not knowing where the water is coming from, I would not let my dog into the water there, but to each's own.  Great place to walk through on sunny days like it has been this spring, and probably good in the fall as well, just be weary of flash flooding.
5 Wetlands is a wonderful place to visit. I went with my son on a school trip and I was amazed on how well preserved they kept the grounds and the staff was outstanding in explaining the history. Great job..
4 Away from all the chaos of Vegas, this park truly was refreshing. The visitor center looks very sleek and modern, and the staff there are very helpful. The exhibit hall, although more geared towards kids, was very nice and interactive. They also had great wifi in the exhibit hall! I have been to over 50 national/state/county parks/monuments, and can say with a straight face that this one had the cleanest restrooms of all of them! The trails were a little basic, and very easy to walk. They were either paved or very flat gravel and had almost no incline/decline. The only wildlife we saw was a rabbit, but we only were there for about an hour. It was not busy at all an very tranquil with the slight breeze and warm sun. The park is also very good for photography, although the sun is quite bright as there is little to no shade along the trails, so I would recommend going in the morning or evening for the best shots.
5 I can't believe this place was free!!  It was a perfect place to kill a couple hours waiting for check-in time when we got back earlier than expected from the Grand Canyon. The displays in the welcome center (geared towards kids but ...) are a great mix of technology and plain old school fun. Yes, I climbed into the bird's best and the mouse tunnel and I'm not ashamed! Nature's beauty is right outside, with little duck ponds, reeds, rabbits and fish. The star is the Las Vegas wash, which was very pretty to sit by and listen to the water. In this case, my description falls short...I'll just post a pic : )
5 Wetlands Park is beautiful, you would never know you are a block or two away from Boulder Highway. It is extremely peaceful and you honestly forget you are in Vegas.  There are unpaved hiking trails as well as paved walking trails to accommodate any person or any age. Some trails allow dogs and bikes, some do not, just follow the signs and you'll be OK. There is also a small park with a small rock climbing wall!   I didn't stop in the visitor's center, I am unable to comment on it, but I do hear there is a cafe inside. I plan to come back add some more to this review!  Overall beautiful scenery, opportunity to see an amazing sunset, close getaway for some peace and quiet.
5 It's only about 10 minutes from where we live on the East Side. Who knew? We finally made it out there a few weeks ago. A great little oasis in our desert. The visitor center is spectacular. The hike along the river wash is a refreshing change from the dry desert and the views west to Las Vegas and the Spring Mountains are great. Go in the very early morning, and probably not at all in the highest heat of summer, there's not a whole lot of shade. But Spring, Winter and Fall walks here should be delightful.
5 The area is great for walking/jog/run environment.  Peaceful and its never crowded at all.  Chances are, you have a personal space or alone time when hiking.  Unlike Sunset park where you see many people, the Wetlands Park is sort of a meditative and mind-clearing area; the trails is spread out so you're always solo or with just your family. One thing I so like about the paved trails is the educational signs along the way about animal habitats and vegetation environment. Once in a while, if you're lucky, you may see a brown rabbit hopping along. lol Also, the post signs abut the trails lets you know you will be walking approximately 2 miles, etc. which is helpful. Love it and its close to home so its a bonus.
3 A nice place for a little stroll and a change of atmosphere.  It's a well constructed trail park with paths through a natural washland.  There are streams and ponds throughout from which ducks cranes occasional turtles and toads can be seen.  The kids get excited to spot the desert hares hopping about.  Small fish swim and a number of birds can be heard abound.  Stay on the paved path or explore the designated unpaved trails to find still water outlets and other nice surprises.    *summer is not the best time for this park*
