5 Some days we love to work out, other days it is the last thing we want to do after (or before)a long day of work.  For me, exercise is usually something I look forward to at the end of my day.  I am very active and enjoy a wide variety of physical activities, but nothing makes me happier than walking through the doors of this yoga studio!    Being new to the area, coming here has been a great way to meet people who are also active, healthy, and fun!  The studio is very clean and every instructor is amazing!  I have my favorites but I never leave without feeling like I have really made a positive impact on myself: body, mind, and spirit (I know it sounds cheesy but it really IS true!).  They also have a great schedule so it is easy for me to find a time to take yoga.  **Do you homework first!!!  I did a lot of reading on Bikram yoga before starting.  The website give you a rundown on etiquette and proper nutrition leading to your first class and into your second....believe me it is helpful**  I love this yoga so much that I am now participating in the 60 day challenge!  As of Saturday I will be half way through!!!    Check it out!  They have an awesome new student special: $20 for 2 weeks unlimited yoga!   ***UPDATE!!*** As of today 5/18/08 I FINISHED my 60-day challenge and have the tshirt to prove it!   As promised: 60 days, 60 classes, new mind, new body, new spirit!!    needless to say, still 5 stars!!!!!
3 I was looking for a yoga studio and when I read this review I decided to give it a whirl - especially because of the $20/2 week intro offer for new students. The studio is pretty small but even at full capacity everyone seemed to have enough space. it would be seriously disgusting if someone else were dripping sweat onto your mat.   You will definitely begin dripping within 10 minutes, the temp is definitely about 107 for the majority of the practice and at the end when it's lowered to about 98 you feel like a cool breeze is wafting through the room. By the way, are we all gluttons for punishment here? I mean, does it not get hot enough for us in the summertime anyway, that we pay to exercise in a hotbox?   I will say that it was really satisfying. I couldn't hold every single pose, but for the most part I felt like my muscles were looser and moved more easily in the heat. I look forward to going back and sweating out more toxins tomorrow and for the next two weeks!
4 Having been a Bikram student for over 8 years, I have practiced all over the world, in more than 6 languages, in studios that were literally days old to those that Mr. Choudry founded himself.  While in Phoenix recently I visited this studio twice, and will give my feedback focused to those who are already knowledgeable about what this style of yoga is like*.  This is really more of  a 4.2 star review, with points off only as a motivator for future excellence!  +1 Star - Intro.  I have always felt that a one week intro is not enough time for new folks to figure out if they like this type of yoga.  Two weeks for $20 is a more than fair deal, even if you have to BYO yoga mat or rent them for $2 per day (It seems likely that most own their own mats if they are at the point of experimenting with Bikram so $2 seems reasonable to me). +1 Star - Energy.  The energy of a yoga studio is one of the most important reasons to keep going back.  This place has quite a few loyal patrons.  They keep coming back because they love the teachers and the other folks there.  That positive vibe would keep me coming as well. + 1 Star - Heat/Humidity.  Just right - not too hot, not too tepid.  I liked it.  I have to admit, I like a lower humidity, too, so while some might complain that this studio was not humid enough, I was happy. + 1 Star - Parking.  Free and lots of it, as the world should be. - 1 Star - Location.  Next to Domino's pizza? The devil!  Also, rather poorly signaged in the mall, all in all. - 1 Star - Changing Facility (ladies).  I hate to be like this, but I was super disappointed in this aspect.  One shower?  One loo?  Okay, one sink, too, but that was rarely used.  The wait for the shower could get a bit long.  Some folks obviously did not have an idea of how long a "brief shower" is (even though the request is posted on the wall to respect shorter showering times). Also, there are only about a dozen little lockups to put one's things in.  There is a door in the back of the space that leads to the washer/dryer, so the folks doing that have to traipse through the changing room to get access.  It seems to me that the layout was poorly thought out and now it just is what it is. + 1 Star - Mix.  I like me my classes when there are men and ladies, not just a bunch of uber-babes and my fat ass.  So it was great to see a range of bodies and genders.  There was everything from the smokin-hot "Gumby" girl (damn her and her double jointed-ness!) to a more older Af-Am gentleman (in the front row! you go, bro!), an attractive 30-something paraplegic man (also front row! I love this place!) to the adorable college girls in worse shape than me (they may be young, but all those margaritas have aged 'em). +1 Star / - 1 Star - Cleanliness.  The place did not have too bad of a funky monkey Bikram-y smell.  This in spite of the slightly home-spun vibe of the studio over all (which can often lead to a less than vivid attention to dirt here and there).  The walls are a pasty grey purple, an unfortunate choice of color that makes my mind just think of... dirt.  However, the corners of the toilet and bath area seem free of scunge, the mats appear to be sanitized more vigorously than many other studios, and I did not see nasty icky "what the hey-all is that" on the carpet in the main studio. +1 Star - Retail.  They have a great selection of yoga clothes and mats, which I was pleased to see were at pretty internet-range prices.  Water is available to buy if you forgot it, and of course towels and mats to rent ($2 each).  They do some good deals on packages, too, so be sure to check that out.  I find the pricing competitive.  I will definitely come back to this studio when I am next in the Phoenix area, and you will like it here too.  *If you aren't familiar with the Bikram style, read the other reviews here and take a look at the website before you go so you won't be surprised/horrified.
5 This is a wonderful Bikram studio and I can honestly say I have no desire to find a different one.  The teachers are all wonderful - they have their own personalities that really shine through as they teach.  I always feel welcome. They do a fantastic job of doing their best to remember not only your name but the last time you came to class.  They have regular yoga  classes for kids and the class schedule allows for a lot of flexibility so that everyone can make it at least a couple times a week.    My favorite part about this studio is the community.  I feel like they know me there and everyone seems very happy (its a little less chatter AFTER a class is out but before hand everyone is willing and wanting to smile and get to know each other).   Overall, every class I take I'm happy that I'm there and feel an appreciation for this studio!  I would definitely recommend Bikram Yoga Paradise Valley!
4 Before coming to BYPV, I had heard some good things and some not very good things too.  However, after taking classes for three times, I was really beginning to like this studio.   The teachers were all different in their own ways and they never failed to welcome everyone who came in and they knew everyone too!!!  They had a good system going, the teacher would sit by the front desk, watch a student sign in and made a point of remembering that student.  This works especially during class when the teacher would call the student by name and correct their poses.  I learned so much and improved so much in my poses since the teachers would always try to make me do my best at each pose, making me believe that I can do better.  This studio also seemed popular as their classes were always full, no more than 6 inches between mats!  It can be good or bad once again but the energy is totally positive. The only drawback was the bathroom which is too small but everyone is always mindful & respectful of one another.  Just remember to come always fully hydrated and be prepared to sweat...
4 The new studio is amazing. The workout is crazy hot as usual! Amazing job everyone at Bikram PV.
5 I've been practicing Bikram Yoga for about five years now. It's by far my favorite total body workout and, for me, it provides the best results.   Since I started practicing Bikram I've visited a number of studios all teaching the same challenging 26 postures just as Bikram designed. One studio, however, shines far above the rest, Bikram Yoga PV.   The staff is unlike any other. Very welcoming, encouraging and sweet. No matter how much time passes since your last visit, they always welcome you back with open arms (and unfortunately I've experienced other studios not practicing this gesture.) The studio itself is large and the students all very friendly as well. It seems most have been attending this studio for a long time which speaks highly of the instructors, management and ownership.   I highly recommend Bikram Yoga PV. Not only as my favorite in Arizona, but in my travels across the west coast, it's still at the top of my list!
5 I just got back from a family reunion in AZ and if I still lived there I would be thrilled to make this my resident studio.  The staff were super friendly and welcoming and the prices were on par with other studios I've been to. I brought my sister to her first class and the instructor (I think it was Heidi) was really great  about giving her (and the 5 other newbies) pointers on many of the poses.  AND she was cracking jokes, by far the most I've ever laughed in a Bikram class.   The room is the biggest I've been in, which in some ways was really nice but if you aren't early you can end up in the back row with no mirror space :(  Huge locker rooms too, that alone deserves 5 stars!!
5 I love a Yoga studio that has the flexibility that an accommodating a rotation of classes. They have two rooms here which makes it easy to fit into your schedule. Heat levels are adequate and the instructors rarely stray from the official Bikram dialog which is critical in my book.
5 I am by no means a yoga expert.. and I am still not even sure who this Bikram guy is...  But I love this.  Saw a noticable difference in the shape of my body and my Girlfriends too..  in 3 days.  90 minutes of HELL will lead to alot of pleasure.  I have never sweat so much and I can't believe how hard you work.. but it is amazing. This is a great way to lose weight/get in shape/detoxify/gain peace of mind.
5 I have gained a lot of weight over time and I realized it is time to start to bring it back down some.  So I looked up yoga (was interested in something that wouldn't agitate my patella femoral syndrome) and this is the closest one to me (and I trusted yelpers!).  This studio seems to be exactly what I needed.  I have been experimenting with at-home workouts but I just couldn't get myself to stay on them for very long at a time to make it worth it.  I started a week ($20) and was tired and sore and I kept coming back to "get my money's worth" and by the end of the week, I was actually thinking, my sinus feels a little better, I'm going to keep going to see how I feel.  I also enjoyed the teacher calling my name out to tell me I'm doing something wrong (I enjoy it more when they tell me "it's good" though) and feel like it's the attention I need to improve myself.  I am now 2 and a half weeks and am actively trying to average 5 days/week (13 classes out of 17 days so far).  I am completely amazed with how my body has changed so far.  I am way more flexible than I have been in a long time.  I don't see any other big changes yet but I go just for that fraction of a bit better each time I go back to class and feel happy about it.  Do note, Bikram Yoga is hot and humid and I seem to always question myself in the middle why I keep coming back.   Personally, when I am out though, I am glad I went (except for that one time I ate a combo meal at Chino Bandido's [Jade red in a Quesadilla is awesome!] before hand).
5 Great instructors, very friendly, especially to newcomers. Great first experience---signed up for more sessions. They are friendly, encouraging and it's a great place to get your yoga on.
5 If youre looking for a place to begin or start Bikram again - this is it!!   My first time to the studio was amazing! I was greeted by incredibly nice teachers, and even got a mini-lesson beforehand for the pranayama breathing exercise!  After I took off a semester and returned (yesterday as a matter of fact!), it feels great to be back!
4 I was on a short vacation in Phoenix and as a devoted Bikram practitioner, I couldn't miss class while I was away. Found this studio through Yelp and the reviews didn't disappoint!  The studio is HUGE and clean and doesn't have that funky Bikram smell. Locker rooms are big too with plenty of showers. Staff was super friendly and the teachers were great too.  One minor complaint: the room wasn't quite warm enough (or maybe the humidity was too low?) for one of my classes...  Regardless, if you are looking for the Bikram studio in Phoenix, this is the place. If I lived here, this would be my home studio in an instant!
5 I had done Bikram Yoga for a year before I came to this studio. I had a 30 day unlimited yoga Groupon and since this studio was slightly closer to my house I figured I'd try it for a month. I haven't gone back to my old studio.  The room is huge with four rows which makes it super nice even on crowded days. The locker rooms are roomy with multiple showers compared to the one at my old studio. The instructors are wonderful. At times tough and at time inspiring, but always helpful and consistent with the class and dialogue (a complaint of mine at my last studio).  But the absolute best thing about this studio is the sense of community here. They have potlucks and fundraisers for charity and parties every now and then. It is really great to get to know instructors and fellow students outside the classroom.  It is tough some days to put yourself in a hot room and practice yoga, but you always feel welcomed and at home when you come here to practice.
5 I visited Bikram Yoga Paradise Valley with a month-long Groupon.  I have been practicing yoga in some form for about 13 years, and hadn't ever tried Bikram before.  I generally despise humid heat, so it seemed like an all-around bad idea.  However, I felt like the Groupon was a great deal, and I wanted to try a new experience.  I was warmly welcomed when I first showed up for class, and they were very encouraging for my 11 year-old daughter to join for the 2nd half of class as well.  I was surprised by how "accomplish-able" the hot environment was, and the combination of good instructor dialogue and watching other students made me feel like I could keep up with no problem, even for the poses that I hadn't done before in other yoga forms.  Huge bonus for the instructors making a point to know everyone's name to call out corrections and praise during class.  The stress of using class as a moving meditation really makes this an individual practice in the midst of the community.  Great sense of energy every step of the way.  I did 4 classes with 4 different instructors in the first week, and saw some students multiple times.  The sense of community at this studio is great.  Everyone is incredibly positive and welcoming.  I am definitely sticking with this studio, and the personal challenge of Bikram practice.
5 If you've never done Bikram Yoga before, this is a great place to start.  Not only are all the instructors extremely competent and inspiring, but there is a very friendly atmosphere here.  If you're in Phoenix and looking for a place to do Bikram, this is the place to go.  The room is large, well-lit, and has high ceilings with comfortable carpet and many mirrors.  There is free filtered water, and plenty of space and showers in the locker rooms.  Overall, a great place to practice yoga.  To borrow a phrase, at Bikram PV, all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average!
5 This studio is my mental health and zen. I have tried many types of yoga, but Bikram is the very best fit for my Type A busy mind.   I try to go at least twice a week and notice a HUGE difference when i do not make it.  It is so grounding.  I am a big detox fan and attribute some of my clarity and vitality to this practice. They are always improving or creating challenges to engage those of us who have practiced for years so that it is never boring.
5 I have been practicing at BYPV since February 2011 and I absolutely love it.  The instructors are awesome and genuinely care about your practice.  They are always holding fun challenges and having parties to motivate you.   The studio itself  is extremely clean and spacious.   Bikram yoga has done so many good things for me.  I sleep better, eat less, I am hardly ever sick, and I never experience any aches or pains.  I also lost 20 lbs. after completing a 60 day challenge.  I can't say enough good things about the practice of Bikram yoga, and BYPV is the best place to do it!
5 Love this studio!  Instructors are awesome, bathrooms are clean, great aesthetic, fun + hard working yogis too!!  Everything about this studio is great, great, GREAT!
5 I have been doing Bikram yoga on and off for 13 years.  My last restart was in 2009. This time I will never let Bikram out of my life again.  The proof that it's good is that I kept coming back even after years off.  This studio just made it come together for me.  The staff is great and the location is close to my work.  The 5:30 class time is perfect for me.  I can get to work by 7:30. They have many class times to choose from to fit anyone's schedule.  No more excuses!
5 I recently moved into the area and starting going to Bikram Yoga Paradise Valley about a week after moving here. Everyone was very welcoming and supportive. I really appreciate how they really personalize your experience and try to get to know you. I also love how affordable it is!! I am a student and they give a nice discount to me as a result and that really helps. I am also really looking forward to taking advantage of my one free private lesson!
5 My husband and I have been coming to BYPV for 12 years.  The studio is clean and hip.  I love this yoga.   I have a neck injury and this sequence of yoga and being in the hot room really helps.   It helps my skin too. The instructors are what really set it apart.  They are friendly, kind, helpful and tough when necessary.  When I am away for a few days, I can't wait to get back!
5 I have been going to this studio since it opened a few years ago and love love love it here!  The facility is brand new, very spacious and very clean!  There are plenty of shower stalls in the women's locker room with cubby holes and lockers to store your personal belongings.  All of the teachers are amazing and the studio offers so many different class times that it makes it  easy to take class - no matter what your schedule!  Bikram Yoga PV also has a great retail shop with lots of cool yoga gear.  I cannot say enough good things about this studio.
5 I tried this location for the first time since its' partnering with the Old Town Scottsdale location. This studio is gorgeous! Very clean, no crowding at the desk, easy check in. I love the shoe cubbies and wall hooks along the corridor outside of class. There's plenty of space to store a few things yet it doesn't get super crowded since there is enough room. I didn't use the locker room but peeked in to check them out. Again, very clean and plenty of showers.  The studio itself had better lighting and ventilation compared to their partner, and their carpet didn't seem as "slippery" when doing certain postures such as triangle.  The instructor has a box-type platform to stand on and a microphone so it's easy to hear him/her no matter where you are in the room. I wish I was closer to this location!!!
5 I have a love hate relationship with Bikram Yoga. The first 10 times I went to class I thought I was going to die and puke afterwards. And the smell of sweat and hot air was nauseating. Prob the hot heat baked my brain because despite hating it each time, I kept returning. I would return at different times during the day and figured out when the class was less crowded than others and through delirium, I started to feel the smell to be less nauseating, the room to be less hot and the poses easier.  Make an appt for me with a head shrink cause I actually started to look  forward to taking a class. And I actually got stretchier. Everything the brochure promised actually actualized.  Plus, the owners and instructors are so so nice at this particular studio.  No matter how zoned out I looked before or after a class, they always had a friendly  hello or goodbye for me.
4 This is one of my favorite studios due to the fact they have plenty of room for your belongings and a great bathroom that has plenty of showers and space to change. The room itself is HUGE!! I like that I have so many options as to where I want to put my mat. The staff was ok...I wasn't the biggest fan of one of the teachers as she was not very friendly and just didn't seem happy, which is why I did not give them a 5 star rating. The other staff members seemed decent, but not the best I've experienced. If your in the area, I would definitely recommend giving this studio a try though!
3 Originally practiced here a year ago but stopped going to this location because of how awfully disgusting the carpet was with sweat puddle stains and smell. I was recently told the place replaced their carpet, so I thought I would give it another try. While the carpet was not as stained the practice room holds such a strong foul odor I was unable to concentrate on my practice. Sad because this is a convenient location for me. Unsure why other Bikram locations can maintain a clean smell within their practice rooms but this location struggles.
5 You'll be counting the minutes for your first class and waiting for it to be over. But- by the fourth class I lost track of time. I always feel amazing afterward. The instructors have all been friendly and very helpful. The studio is clean. I would recommend bikram to anyone. It has helped my back and knees tremendously. The owner, Nicole, is extremely nice. All instructors and students are welcoming.
5 The staff here is incredible! such nice people and they are very helpful getting you through your practice. I swear my mind feels sharper every time I finish a class. My body, a bit dehydrated, but nothing a coconut water won't fix!
5 Bikram Yoga AZ in Paradise Valley is awesome. Doing my yoga practice there is changing my health and transforming my life. All the instructors are friendly and helpful. I am never disappointed with a session.
