4 B Dub is hooterific.  I love me some chicken wings.  I don't care how many chickens died for my chicken eating that night, but it was a bloodbath...not literally the chicken was well cooked.  They got about 438 types of sauce, all terrific and some that burned my stomach till it hurted.  I here its a chain, but its not in SF, so I'm bummed.    4 stars for making me gain 5 lbs by eating 42 wings in an hour.  Take that Kobayashi!
5 Buffalo wild wangs is absolutely awesome!  the last time I ate at this place was during labor day weekend 2005 but the taste remains fresh in my mind.  I hear that they don't make the captain morgan sauce anymore but man, the wings here are just to die for.  Yes patrick, I wish they had this chain in the bay area too.  Let's write them a letter!
4 With over a dozen sauces to choose from for your chicken wings....the problem is what to choose?  The waitress was very accomodating and gave us samples of many of the sauces.  An added BONUS to this particular restaurant is the 24/7 hours of operation.  Although I may never be there in the wee hours of the morning, it is nice to know when I am in the area, there is an awesome place for buffalo wings.  We ordered 18 wings with Medium, Asian Zing, Caribbean Jerk, and Parmesan Garlic assortment of sauces.  Also my friend also ordered the "Buffalito Tacos" with her choice of any sauce, but she chose the standard BBQ sauce.  Granted we both ordered water for our drinks, the cost of everything including tip was below $25 for two....NOT BAD!  If you are fan of buffalo wings like I am.....you will enjoy Buffalo Wild Wings whichever restaurant you choose.  I can't wait to go again!  (Sidenote:  I  found out from the waitress that Buffalo Wild Wings is a large franchise chain that still has to creep into the Orange County area.  Until then, the Chino Hills or Rancho Cucamonga area will have to do.  But for this review, I reviewed the Montecito-North Las Vegas restaurant.)
1 Before we moved to Vegas, BWW's was one of our fave places to go sit, eat, drink, and play super fun trivia. We were soo excited to see one so close to our home. Unfortunately this Bdub's has the worst service I've every had in any resturaunt. We tried this location three times...Not on one, but TWO occasions in an almost empty resturaunt  I had to get up and get our order after we watched it sit in a window under the heat lamps for around 20 minutes without a single server in sight... On our last visit after waiting for a half hour for the server to bring our check just to dissapear into thin air again, after another 20 or so minutes we paid our bill with the bartender and left... After we were out the door our waitress suddenly appeared and yelled that we forgot to leave her tip at the bar... SERIOUSLY.. So as sad as we were we admitted defeat and our wing cravings will have to fufilled somewhere further from home.
1 This used to be my favorite place to hang out with friends and eat bar food and drink and watch games.. man i put alot of time into this place...  but after going for about half a year the bartenders never once got to know us or even attempt to hook us up with drinks.. I recommend the one on Craig road where I used to live though, those guys know how to take care of people
5 mango habenero wings! yummmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!! by far this place is my fav chicken stop, and its open late night!
5 Great food and great service. A few times we have even been there late, after 11pm, and the service and food was still fantastic.
5 Free wireless and their sports bar are what lured us to this 24-hour neighborhood joint in Centennial Hills.    Great place to watch games.....and the only place nearby where I could watch NHL playoffs.  With 18 screens around the bar, and 22 monitors in the dining room area, I had the pleasure of watching some NBA and UFC as well.  They even have two more monitors in the mens bathroom (over the urinals), so I never would miss a goal or powerplay.  Not sure if there were screens inside the women's, but I wouldn't be surprised if they did!  After a few visits, I've become a fan of their bar food as well.  With 14 "smilin to screamin" different sauces, we've only had four so far.   Their boneless wings were satisfying with their medium sauce.  But their honey BBQ sauce made their ribs and wings combo better than average.  Our last visit involved their mango habanero sauce on their tender, juicy ribs and perfectly cooked wings.  This screamin sauce (third from their hottest) had a nice flavor and kick to it.  Their hot BBQ sauce went well with the pulled pork slammers.  The pork was a little dry but full of flavor. For desserts, we've had the chocolate cake and cinnamon bites, which I highly recommend after the spices.  Both were served with ice cream, and were very refreshing.     This place is as good as it gets with excellent service, great atmosphere, and phenomenal food!
4 I love BWW in general. Good wings with delicious sauces: Spicy Garlic, Hot BBQ, Garlic Parmesan, and Asian Zing are so good! Now they have some delicious dry rub seasonings as well, I like the Desert Heat.  Service can be not great at this location in particular, but the recently remodeled, added a lot of draft beers, and it looks like they are trying to do the right things.
4 I enjoy coming here for the FREE WiFi, food, & beer.  This particular location is the closest BWW to my house, so I frequent it the most.  Today I went for the Sampler.....Nachos, Cheese Sticks, Boneless Wings, and Onion Rings....yeah baby!  I thought the sampler was excellent, except the Nachos which were just OK in my book.  I'm not a huge fan of their Cheese/Chili combo on the Nachos.  Washed it down with an Apricot Wheat beer....went for the Ranger IPA next and then the other IPA they have on tap to end the day.  The place isn't too busy in the middle of the day, so it was nice to have most of the bar area to myself.  The server was awesome and very helpful.  Will I return?  Of course...I will be here often.
3 Your typical BWW that you would get anywhere else.  The only downside to this place is eating in the dining room.  Servers are on point but for some reason the food hits the seating area slower than the bar area.  And if your order was the first to go in, be prepared for room temperature wings.  The bar is great with awesome bartenders and cheap drinks.  All in all, a fun place to watch some games and have some wings.
4 I personally like this place for many reasons, and I'm speaking for all locations.  Food is good and reasonable priced, service can be inconsistent but its never been bad!  There are TV's everywhere so if you there for a game or just for dinner there is always something on to watch.  They have cool game consoles for trivia games to play if your bored, and last time I was there I saw some kids consoles that looked fun to keep kids attention for awhile.  Overall I always know what I'm getting when I go to a BWW!!!
4 I love coming here when the UNLV Runnin' Rebels are playing away games. Gather round some great wings and burgers with friends. The food really is better than you would expext everytime. Can't beat this atmosphere!
5 I'm a dude.  So that means a few things.  I like beer, sports, and bar food which includes wings.  Well B-dubs has all three.  I know other places have the same stuff, but not like this place.  We are talking about over a dozen t.v.s with every possible sport you can imagine playing.  The food is good enough the staff is great.  Always a chill crowd of peeps.  I have literally entered this place at 5 p.m. and left at 5 a.m.   I love it!  Whenever I am in a mood to have  a drunk but chill night you can find me here.
3 So this is the closest BWW to my house so I've been here several times,  if I'm not at the sports book, or Ale House.  The staff is friendly and the food is good and for the most part everything you would expect from a sports bar, I think that's why it only gets 3 stars, there is nothing that jumps out and makes it better than the other places.  Not to say I don't like the place, but there are several places I would rather go before I go here.
4 This used to be my old neighborhood location, so I've grown fond of it.  The only problem is the size.  It gets pretty cramped during gamedays, so if you don't get in early, don't bother.
3 I had a blast at Buffalo Wild Wings.  The place has giant televisions tuned to sports everywhere and the fun and addictive "blue crack" trivia game.  The wings are crispy and come in quite a few varieties.  I love the fact that they have self serve soft drinks.
3 It's near my house and 24/7 but not somewhere I'd go out of my way for.   I've had the mini corn dogs which were pretty good. I enjoy the buffalo chips which are oval fries and not chips like I originally thought.   Came again on a Thurs. for a snack. It was 60 cent boneless wings night so decided to give it a go. The breading was a bit too crispy for my BF, but it didn't bother me too much. If you let certain ones sit though, it gets significantly soggy/stale in a short amount of time so I would say small batches are best. Favorite sauce so far is the Asian Zing in flavor and it doesn't sog up the tender that much..   Most of the time it's pretty chill here but the last visit it was just kinda janky with all the kids hanging out here and then some started up fights in BWW and I thought a girl fight was gonna happen. When the 11pm kick all under 21 hit, they sat in the parking lot blaring music out of cars to where I can feel our booth vibrating. It was just very odd. Though staff can only do so much, they should at least say something.  It's by my house so I'll be back for late night snacks. I'm curious to try all the different sauces.
3 Love their selection of wing sauces; but, the wings are quite small.  Throw Buffalo Wild Wings sauces on some decent sized wings and we've got a winner here!  Pretty darn expensive as well.  I just spent nearly $70 on drinks and 24 wings for two - on discount wing night!    Still, though, the place has a decent vibe particularly for watching games whether it be basketball or football.  Not somewhere I'm going to frequent on a regular basis, though.  Just too pricey for the product that ya get.
4 Tuesday nights are the busiest but the best night to come here as it is .45 cent wings night. Try their dry rub style wings and one of my favorites is the Salt and Vinegar and for wet style the Asian Zing. Mango Habanero is good too if you can stand the heat. the servers are great for the most part but prepare to wait on a Tuesday night.
5 Best bartenders and happy hour (new menu!) on this side of town.
4 Best place to go for a beer,  wings or to watch sports.
4 Good wings. The atmoshere was friendly and they have a lot of TV's to watch games on.
5 BONELESS WING NIGHT....I think so!!!
4 45 cent wings on tuesdays???yes please!!!! Salt and vinegar is my favorite for the dry wings, and Garlic Parm and Asian Zing for the wet. Mango Habanero used to be  another one of our selections, but lately, we can't even finish the order. They must've jacked up the Habanero and put less mango,.....Hmmmmmmmm....ALOHA!!!  (YELP 365 CHALLENGE-38/365) "Buffaloes have wings!?!?"
3 There really isn't anything better than wings!! We were here for a quick dinner. The chicken wings were like they always are when we come here. Great! We also ordered the onion rings. Very greasy and soggy. Other than the fact it took an amazingly long time to get our order the waiter was consistently refreshing our water. Not really the place for a quite date, but a good place to eat some wings and watch one of the many huge TV screens.
2 The wings are good here and always love getting the habanero mango, but the service the last time I went here was horrible, server was a bitch from the beginning and ruined the experience at this location, the manager didn't seem to care when we complained too.
5 Being away for six months I missed a few places, and on top of my list was bww.  Not just any bww, but this one.  I have been to a few and they don't compare to "my" bww.  So when I came home and finally walked in I knew I was now officially home.  I love bww but this location is my favorite by far.  I think it's the consistency of the food and service also the bar area is much larger than others I have been too.  The truth is out of all the glitz and fancy bars on the strip and locally for me this place will always be my first choice.
4 I used to live just around the corner from this place and it was great!  The wings of course are amazing and the other sandwiches are also very tasty.  The free wifi was also a great perk since I am going to school online.  I would sit in the bar and the waitresses were always so friendly and patient with me since I would sit there for awhile.  They continually topped off my drink and would sit and talk if I started talking with them.  I would recommend it for everyone.  Great place to take a date since its casual, great for families since there are lots of TVs and games.
3 Good wings. 45 cent wings on Tuesday. Thats my deal.
4 I used to hate wings, anywhere. I LOVE them now. I love that there are so many different types here. The best thing here too, if they're not too busy, they will grill them for you.... but please tip the cooks. They'll love you for it and it takes more work and time. Service is usually pretty good, but the bartenders know my boyfriend and I.  I like to splurge 1-2 days of the week and I try to stay really healthy with my diet the rest of the week. This is one of my favorite "eat my heart" out places, or " eat because I'm so drunk ". But I don't drive, I promise.  The best wings there in my opinion - Mango Habenero Parmasen Garlic Sweet BBQ  Wild  They usually have a few really good IPA's on tap too. Dead Guy is my favorite.   For appetizers...eh. They're average like most places. The breaded mushrooms are good, but that's about it.   The downside - Their ranch and bluecheese dressing is just on the okay side. I think they need to revamp that.
5 The service is always good, I have never really been a fan of the food. Its nice cause its smoke free.
2 How do you screw up buffalo wings?? I didn't know it was possible.  I am a huge fan of BWW, as evident from how often I check in to the one by my place.  When I was on this side of town, I stopped into the Centennial location and left disappointed.  Server was incredibly nice and the company was good but the wings came out cold and not very tasty.  And I kept thinking my beer tasted like soap.  But sometimes I am weird like that.   BWW is usually pretty consistent and this location was a blemish on its good name.  Definitely check out a BWW, just not this one.
2 Came in here this week for wing tuesday! I love Buffalo wild wings, but I absoluetly hate this location! Every time I come into this location my service is terrible!!!! This tuesday we sat at the bar, the bartender got my drink and then I no longer exsisted in his world! I tried to get his attention to order and the girl behind the bar ended up taking my order. She must not liked the way I tried getting the guys attention because she immediately seemed annoyed. If she thought her attitude went unnoticed it didn't! Our food came out as ordered but that was the extent of our service! We had to ask for our check and she never came back to cash us out.   Buffalo Wild Wings is usually my choice of guilty pleasures when i'm on a cheat day and when I come in looking forward to this only to receive the worst service each time is so dissapointing!
2 my gf and i are avid bww patrons, i'd say every weekend we partake, however lately we've been experiencing a lot of problems with their pick-up / carry-out service which we often place orders through.  fairly recently we've been having issues with them getting the order right.  typically they forget utensils, missing orders of celery and / or ranch, give us the wrong flavor, etc - but the line was drawn for us when we placed a 24pc wing order only to see that there were 12 wings in a 24pc box and the other half of the order was not included after coming home, relaxing in front of the tv and getting ready to eat.  never had we really experienced a problem with dining in (with the exception of the occasional lag of service when it's a little crowded) but all of these mistakes with carry-out has started to rub us the wrong way.  when picking up an order, always always ALWAYS double-check right in front of them.
1 I have been here twice for the food and wasn't impressed either time. I wouldn't suggest this place to anyone.
1 Poor customer service.  Manager just stands around instead of helping staff.  He stayed towards the back and did not check the front for customers. Lots if empty tables and still had to wait for 30 minutes.  Other customers waited for over 40 minutes before they were seated. Was not offered a table right away and was not offered to sit at the bar. Manager did not even go around to ask if service was ok.  For a simple restaurant, manager has no excuse for poor service.  Hostess stated that servers were behind even though at least ten tables were empty.  We should have gotten a table and served us drinks while waiting.
4 The food is pretty good here, but the service was ok. I got the boneless chicken wings, and I really liked the sauce and seasoning I got (jalapeño and buffalo). They had the perfect amount of heat. The huckleberry limeade I got was really good and refreshing! Even though my sever didn't check up on me, she did bring me another huckleberry limeade without my having to ask.
2 Although the atmosphere is good like all BWW the food at this particular one is utterly disgusting. The wings are fatty and oil pours out of them when you bite into them. And you have to love the slimy feel of the skin on your lips. YUM!!!  If I was only going for a beer then maybe I would come back but for food there are many fast food restaurants in the area that I would suggest picking from first.
4 Options, options, options.   Wet or dry wings, sauce or no sauce, sweet or spicy, and if it's spicy, well then please indicate how spicy you want it... talk about a plethora of wing options to make your head hurt.  Thank goodness they have a neverending wings buffet option because the last thing I really want to do while eating is make hard decisions...  So just bring me every single flavor one order at a time. A great way to discover your options and get your money's worth.  A great place for families. It sounded like a recipe for disaster when we walked in and said, table for 10, and we need 2 highchairs, 2 baby slings, total of 6 kids and 4 adults... But it was good, and we weren't rushed, and our server was nice. Not to mention we had tried every single wing in the joint (no pun intended).  Til we meet again Buffalo Wild Wings...
2 This place is really more for the beer and wings crowd they pander to. On game night it is always packed, and service is unreasonably slow both at the tables and the bar.  The last time I was here was with my best friend, who had befriended the bartender and demanded that I tag along and enjoy the drinks that the two of the came up with. Well, us not caring about pop sport culture did not know it was a game night, and so struggled to find seats at the bar. Her friend the bartender took a while to get us our drinks, which was fine since he had to service the whole place. But then came the food fiasco. First, it took fifteen minutes for us to put in our order. Then it took twenty minutes for the order to go through. Which isn't all that bad considering, but the thing was, we only ordered appetizers. I got fried pickles and she got the sampler plate. I was approached by a waiter with two baskets of fried pickles who asked me if I had order some. I said yes, and they gave me a basket. Turns out the people next to us had ordered two baskets of fried pickles. I basically just jacked their pickles. I didn't know this until much, much, much later when my friend got her plate and they gave me another basket of fried pickles. The bill was only for one as well. I seriously hope those people didn't end up paying for two. Overall their burgers and wings aren't excellent, it's really the sauce and fifty TVs they have there that keep people coming.
2 I only go to a BW3 if a friend insists.  They have Happy hour beer prices and some happy hour food offerings.  We happened to be there on 60¢ wing night.  We asked for the wings extra crispy and they were.  I am pretty sure they charged extra for ranch and blue cheese - which that is cheesy!  We had an order of 20 wings and we got a tiny plastic cup of ranch and 1 tiny cup of blue cheese.    The happy hour special were mini corn dogs, chili con queso dip (that's chili and chese dip) and onion rings.  I do enjoy greasy bar food, but  I could have done better at 7-11.    With the happy hour prices you really are just paying fair prices.  Basically, you get a discount on there overly inflated prices.  Hats off to the BW3's marketing and advertising team.  You are able to fill up a huge restaurant serving shitty overpriced food with bad service in a down economy.   They get one extra star for the variety of sports on TV's everywhere.
3 Food is great but service is subpar. Colby at the bar is awesome, but while the other servers are nice the service is unbelievably slow, every time, without fail. I still frequent this bar because I can't stay away from the mango habanero wings, but they really need to work on the service side of things.   Also, takeout is a no go. I've ordered food to go a few times and every time something is wrong. For instance, I ordered takeout two nights ago  and my husband's chicken fingers came out plain but were supposed to be mild. We also ordered mini corn dogs with regular mustard instead of the honey mustard but that came out wrong as well. Always check your food before you leave the restaurant!
2 Every other time I go in there something happens to the order. Tonight I went in there with 3 other people and after sitting there for 40 minutes the waitress tells us there was a mix up and our food will be right up. Of course it came up 5 minutes later and everything was ice cold. Then i tell the waitress we dont even want the food at this point and she says she will send the manager over which took another 5 minutes. We didnt pay for anything and left which was fine but Ive also had a similar experience going in there in the middle of the day when we were the only people in the place. Cookings wings isnt rocket science and this BWW is now equally as bad as the one on Craig. I guess I will try the Galleria Mall location if I want to go to one again.
4 Typical buffalo wild wings. Good happy hour deals $3 drinks and appetizers. Good wings. They have deals on traditional wings on Tuesdays and on boneless on Thursdays. I love the desert heat wing seasoning it's the best.
3 The only reason to come here would to be for the chicken wings. That's the only thing these people possibly can't screw up.  I got the chicken quesedilla one time, trying to be adventurous, and it was gross. Chicken in it had a weird texture, and whatever sauce they put in it tastes like vomit. And the tortilla was soggy.  I went here with a friend of mine and her little sister yesterday. The waitress was nice at first, but for some reason wanted to get irritated over the fact that we added something to our order. I don't see why she was a rush to get us out the door, the place was completely empty, save the bar area, and she was acting like we were a burden of great means. She wasn't even the one that brought out the rest of our order, and we waited 45 minutes for her to decide to come back over to our table again with check (and no, she wasn't busy, she was standing at the cashier, staring out the window. No tip for you pukebag!)  The wings are pretty good though, most of the sauces I have tried have been pretty awesome too, but the highest in hotness I've gone has only been Caribbean Jerk. Not a big fan over super spicy, but I'm sure they're just as good as the other ones.   The cool thing about this place is that it's a great place to watch the game, or any sort of sport really, they got big tvs, little tvs, medium tvs, tvs, tvs, tvs everywhere, and they're not all on one channel so you're not forced to watch baseball, but can in fact observe the UFC fight on the tv next to it. Pretty cool  I used to come here all the time with a friend and drink at the bar, Colby is an awesome bartender and makes me the frilliest, faggoty drinks I can possibly request. He's always nice and puts up with mine and everyone elses drunken asshattery whenever we're there. Would of sat up there this time around had it not been for my friend having her little sister.
5 Buffalo Wild Wings, B-Dubs or BWW how ever you say it all means the same!    Buffalo Wild Wings always delivers!  The food is always pretty consistent and the service most of the time is pretty good.  This time though I have to send a shout out our server Christina.  We have had her several times.  She remembers us even though we don't come in that often.  She is so cute with a great personality.  She always offers suggestions and displays an over and beyond attitude no matter how busy she is.  She even got the BF hooked on the LA Water.  *its one of the bartender's specialties not on the menu.  Be sure to order one. Its tasty and leaves ya loopy. LOL  We ordered the pretzels with the spicy honey mustard and queso.  The queso is not that great but I do love the mustard.  The pretzels are soft on the inside...always delicious.  BF ordered the traditional wings (6 mild sauce and 6 with desert heat rub).  The desert heat rub is really good.  We have actually bought the rub for grillin at home.  Its a little on the spicy side so I wouldn't suggest it for the fragile peeps.  I ordered the naked tenders (naked tenders are grilled white meat strips and not fried) tossed in the desert heat and they were good as always.  I ordered with Caribbean Jerk on the side with Fat Free Ranch.  The Jerk sauce is pretty spicy but it is by far my fave!  We also ordered the wedges to share.  Those are yummy dipped in any kind of sauce.  Lagundo brought our food out.  Lagundo, Gondo, G or God's Gift to B-Dubs is how he introduced himself when we asked his name. LOL  Each time this guy has come to our table he is one of the most pleasant, smily, kind hearted young people I have ever come across.  I was astonished to find out he was only 17.  I had to mention to him how pleasant we thought he was each time we go there and that we thought he really has a special quality in customer service. This guy really has a presence about him.  What a great quality to have at such a young age.  I hope his manager notices what a benefit he is and could be!   What can I say? We are total suckers for excellent service and in this city and this day in age it comes few and far between unfortunately.  So shout outs to SUPERB CUSTOMER SERVICE is necessary to Yelp I believe  Christina and Lagundo will be the deciding factor on our quick return back for sure....and the food a quick second factor or course.
5 My boyfriend and I live right around the corner from this place and for some reason we never come here. But tonight we decided to have our bi-monthly date night here.   We came in during the dinner time rush. The food was pretty good as always but the reason I'm writing this review is because our waitress, Samantha, was super awesome and provided us the best service we've had at a restaurant in a long time. I used to be a waitress and I can always tell when the wait staff if working their asses off. She was doing just that and still made time to keep checking up on us, talk to us for a bit about hockey (go Sharks!), making sure we were happy with our meals, bringing extra sauces and generally going above and beyond even though the restaurant was crazy busy. I always appreciate good service and she was definitely working hard to provide it, and made our experience here tonight great. We were both impressed and will be back more often.
4 This is one of the few chain restaurants that I enjoy coming to on a semi-regular basis. I tend to stick with the classics -- traditional wings and beer. However, there's something in the Wild sauce that's simply addicting. Kind of a legal crack. Show up on Tuesday and it's really budget friendly. Like all big chains, they have constant turnover in staff and some visits are better than others, but I've certainly had more 'betters' than 'others' over the years. But let's be honest, it's wings and draft beer, not haute cuisine and I keep coming back.
3 Fried pickles!  Yum!  The mild wings were tasty and mild enough for my children to eat.  They had a nice selection of beer on tap.  Will come back for beer one day.
3 I'll take a systematic approach here:  Clean..friendly atmosphere. Service: Could use some improvement. Took the server 20 minutes before coming over to our table to take our order. A little slow with the drink. 15 minutes before our alcoholic beverages were serve.  Another 20 minutes before food is brought out.  Total time from being seated and eating: approximately 55 minutes. Lets just call it an hour.  Fries: A little soggy. Wings: Acceptable,. Nothing out of the ordinary.  Overall, I've had a better experience at other BWW.....    The only thing that saved it from getting a 2-star: Good wings.   Cheers
4 great place... ask colby for some of his drink idea's
3 The boneless wings though tasty were all batter. I picked most of it off. The burger looks amazing and was huge. Could be a little more well lit during the day but the staff was wonderful and the food was pretty good.
1 9/14/13 Fight Night. Fire violations, you bet! Bad service! oh yeah! Or, Should I start with the people that brought in patio chairs?? Or....,.(yes, as in camping chairs) OR, better yet....should I begin with the people sitting on the floor in front of one of the entrance doors eating wings picnic style?. I am dead serious people.  There's nothing pretty about what I am about to share.  You can't make this stuff up. It's THAT bad!!  I am still reeling from the experience and I am not sure how much energy I have to go into details.  However, I feel an obligation to share this hair-raising (and just plain awful) adventure. Here's the deal.  I called on Friday to find out if they were playing the fight. "No, we do not take any reservations. It's first come fist serve."  "So even if I have a big group? "No, we do not reserve tables at all."  What time can I come in and be "first" ?  "Any. Then you are "first" come first serve for a table. Great. We got there Sat., 4:45 pm and walked into the non-organized nightmare.  A long line just to get on the list. So as I asked the lady at the pulpit, while my husband stood, committed to the big line, I was told about the list they were making was for the dining room. Where at the time I was standing there, was full and she said would be cleared by 6:00 to start their STADUIM SEATING. The list is how they are seating the room.  Then, goes on, "But, the bar was open seating, no wait over there, no list. Sit where you want.  Great...My husband got out of the line and we went over to the bar area. Not a great idea. There was 8 or so people scattered about but on every single seating area had these cheezy dirty signs that said, "RESERVED FOR FIGHT".  Huh? So, Each employee gave a different story.  "Contest winners" , "People who reserved a table", "Overflow from the dining room." , "Gaming customers."  We were told not ONE seat was available - ALL SEATS ARE RESERVED. Okay, back to the line. (Yes, the one we got out of).  After telling the 3 girls at the pulpit they were shocked and didn't know this. One even went over to ask. She never came back. We ended up 59 or so on the "List" after getting out of line to get back in line. No mercy. They said, "Oh, don't worry, we are clearing this place out empty."  We asked if we could get a drink to wait. Sure. Okay, back to the bar because they told us, "You wouldn't be able to sit in the dining room unless we were there JUST TO EAT - NOT TO WATCH THE FIGHT. (seriously, I swear this was out of the Managers mouth).  What? Wait. Yes,  I am here to eat... Huh?  Okay, sitting at the (almost empty except for these signs) bar order beers and chat up the girls next to us.  They were not contest winners and didn't make any reservations and they were sitting there. (And ended up sitting there the rest of the night with no hassel).... This is getting long but I swear this happened.... Well, at 6 - They only told 3 or 4 tables in the dining room to get up. People were pissed. They said, "They are just eating." People who walked right in sat down at empty tables that they just told people to get up. And the servers didn't know who sat down where. No contest winners showed-up at the bar. (We asked) But, were told it was going to be "overflow' that never happened, because after raging and them offering us a bench seat to sit on with 4 other people, (yes, no table, a bench)  we went back to the bar where we had been drinking earlier (and were told to clear out because we followed directions ). We then got gutsy and moved the 'RESERVED FOR FIGHT' sign and had to endure a FIRE DEPT VIOLATION OF TOO MANY PEOPLE. and BABIES on the floor with food and lawn chairs and chaos. There was no way they had any order to the situation! The topper to this is - The girl we sat next to at the bar the rest of the night- Came in to "reserve" her place at the bar just by asking the night before. She doesn't gamble. !!  So crazy.  Complete lack of any type of service here. None. No customer service. No organized service. No Managerial service. No communication service. They do not give a flying rip about any type of loyalty or even level F type of  business service. barely a half ass trying. I have never in my life seen such a joke of a place.  Do not go here during an event of any kind. It will turn into a night you wish you stayed home and scrubbed grout instead.
4 Wish they would quit changing how you order.  First they took away "trashing" the wings and now you order different number sets and also have to come up with a time you want them cooked.  Why fix what aint broke?  Food was good and great server Stephanie - thank you.
2 I'm just not a huge fan of any of their food.  It's ok if you want to sit in the bar, watch sports, drink beer and play trivia!
3 Bw3 is a chain so I'm not going to comment on the food. It's wings. But a few comments:  Positives: a non-smoking bar! In Las Vegas! Also, generally able to accommodate game requests since there are so many TVs.  Negative: the servers are typically on their game, but if you sit at the bar there's a 50-50 chance you'll be served (or even greeted for that matter) in a timely manner.  I wouldn't say "go somewhere else"...it's a good sports bar. Just don't have high expectations.
3 I love me some B-Dubs but this location is just meh.  Been to this location a few times but I've found that the service is hit or miss.  Sometimes it seems that it takes FOR-EV-ERRRR (if you're a 90's kid like me, you read that like Squints from the Sandlot) to get something from the waiters/waitresses.  I swear, one time, we had to ask 3 different people to get us some silverware because the people we asked before never gave us any.  The same thing happened when we asked for ranch.  Then we ended up getting ranch from a bunch of different people like 15 minutes after we asked for it.  Kind of annoying.  If you come at dinner time, there always seems to be a long wait.  Like at least 30 mins...but there always seems to be a bunch of tables open.  Hmmm..not sure what's up with that but whatever.  My husband and I try to just head over to the bar area to see if we can find some open seats or tables so we don't have to wait.  We have always found a spot to sit there so far, so, if you're over 21, head to the bar instead as that seems to be the quicker option.  As far as the food, I love their queso chili fries!  So addicting!  I usually order the boneless wings with medium sauce or the buffalo ranch chicken wrap.  I like both although I wish they would melt the cheese in the wrap.  The cheese is always cold so it's a little weird.  Doesn't taste bad, just would be better with cheese that didn't come right out of the fridge.
5 The host was really nice. I couldn't see his name on his shirt, but he was very helpful. Our server Emily was great! Very helpful and attentive!!!! The other server who's name we didn't get either was great as well! SHOUTOUT to the whole staff! You guys are all always great! Thank you so much!
3 If I have to yell my order to the server less than 2 feet away from me, YOUR MUSIC IS TOO LOUD.
3 The basis for the three stars in this case is the happy hour and Thursday specials.  Generally I think Buffalo Wild Wings aka BW3 (although the T-Mobile salesman pointed out to me that no one  calls it that anymore) is well OK, not great, but I would normally put this in the "meh" category as I feel like they are over priced for what you get on any day but for their specials. Normally, they charge extra for extra ranch/blue cheese and carrots/celery - really? Always a pet peeve, it costs them mere cents so they should just give it to the customer for free and factor that in to their already high mark up for wings. OK off my soap box - Thursday night - 60 cent boneless wing night (mini chicken fingers). For 60 cents I can justify paying 60 cents to get blue cheese. The mini chicken fingers were small but crisp, my only complaint was that they didn't toss them in the sauce that well so only have of each mini chicken finger (MCF) was coated. I got medium heat - which was plenty 'o' heat for me. Also, ordered the Chili Con Queso with chips for $3 on happy hour and the onion rings. Onion rings were super hot (in temperature) the chili con queso I wouldn't order again, I realize it was only $3 but it was just a small cup of the nacho cheese you can get in a can with a small dollop of their house bean chili on top - "meh".  Anyway, happy hour goes until 6 (I think) with $3 app specials and $3 domestic drafts and several $3 spirit drinks (Jack and Coke, Absolut etc). They have the normal bar fare on the $3 happy hour list - fried mozz, chips & salsa, onion rings, chili con queso and a couple of others. But for $3 you can't really beat it. It was plenty loud in there but I assume it was busier because of 60 cent wing night and if you want to see a lot of sports TV and not be in a sports book then this is a good alternative.
3 I always enjoy making my way down to Bdubs; it's probably one of my favorite places to go eat wings! Naturally, everyone has their favorite flavors, but mine have to be lemon pepper, honey BBQ & hot wings :) sometimes they do end up putting too much spice though..   I don't really recommend any other food here than chicken, alcohol, and flavored fries! The rest is really just sub-par.  They're open 24 hours a day at the bar, and thank god, because all those crazy, sport-loving people need somewhere to watch tv. For the kids (well, and adults too!), they have a quiz game that you can play on your phone or ask for one of their machine thingys.   BWW is always just a really good place to chill and have a beer. Does it have the best food? No. But you can still have a damn good time scarfing good chicken down your throat!
4 Absolutely amazing food, incredibly nice people, we went 20 min before the dining are closed not knowing, they told us that we could not eat there because its about to close and the bar was the only thing open, we are not 21 (my girlfriend and i). I not being in a good mood let them know that their sign says that we can eat in the dining area because its still open so they can not tell us no. After a few minutes of discussion we went in, ate , and loved it.
2 What the heck happened to bdubbs man?! I've been going to this chain for YEARS. Not just this location ALL locations. At one point they were my favorite place to eat. I'm a chicken loving kind of a girl so it made sense. The past 4 times I went to bdubbs... All different locations .... It's the same ol COLD wings. Doesn't matter if I dine in or order to go the wings always come out cold. Cold fries. I thought it was just one bad day at first so I let it go, but now EVERY TIME I have to ask for it to be re-cooked or re-heat it myself if I am at home. That's sad.  Other than the cold food of all locations this SPECIFIC location really just sucks, especially if you order takeout. First of all, it won't be ready when they say it will. Second of all, don't order too much or they'll forget something.   2 stars only because it's still Buffalo Wild Wings ... My ex-favorite place to eat . Idk I guess I keep hoping they'll figure this crap out and go back to the good place it once was.      :(
4 Good chicken, great flavors...it's what's to be expected at BWW. This location is good for a nice family getaway. Not as busy as other locations which is a plus and the staff is very helpful. Caribbean Jerk is a must, and the new flavor (Desert Heat) is a nice addition also. Keep up the good work!
2 At least twice a week I have to eat my spice wings .First time I came to this place on N Durango .Very poor service .The waiters pass around you and do not even talk with me .As always great food .But this time the most poor service I received.For sure this place I do not come back.
5 Beer, chicken, tv and to-go!  There's not much more I can say about "Bdubs" than all your favorites wrapped into one.  Wings, fries and FRIED PICKLES!  Consistent service, great food and beer selection gives them give stars!
4 Try the reverse happy hour.  Great drink specials and appetizers are half off.  Monday through Friday 10 PM to 6 AM.  The wings are consistent but the chili con Queso is awesome.
5 We have never had a bad experience here. Great wings, ice cold beer, and fantastic staff.  Much better than other BWs we have been to.
3 The food is good! Though the chairs are not too comfortable if you stay on the booth the people pass by a lot! Suggest not to stay on the side if you really want to watch the game and not get dizzy!
3 Food is just ok. it is typical bar food and the wings are sub par. There is way better in town. The cheese sauce and nachos have a weird taste to them.  Way too sweet for me. One positive...the BEER is always cold!  I love their seasonal choices. My favorite during this time of year is the Leinenkugel Summer Shandy.
1 i've worked in the service industry for over a combined 10 years. i've never been told that i couldn't seat and eat at a table in a bar that servers food because i was only 20. last i knew, if you served food and had tables you could serve guests under 21. it's the same as a restaurant that servers beer. long as you're not a a bar and ordering food, you're ok. so for me to come in with my girlfriend and be denied service because she was 20 and me being over 21. we sat at a table, both ordered water to drink. you might want to put up a sign, no one under 21 after 11pm since your dining room closes then.
2 Always dirty floors. When you walk in it can take up to 10min before you are greeted. For my experience it is rare to even have a greeter at the front. Also to top it off once you finally get service in this dingy place they get orders wrong, cold wings just overall horrible. I would recommend wings stop, bdubs used to be my favorite
3 I usually love this place and order take away almost every Sunday, but their new quantity ordering has gone downhill.  You used to be able to order a certain number of wings, now you order a size with a "minimum number", at an inflated price.  I ordered a large order (minimum 20 wings) split between two flavors and didn't count them.  When I got home I realized I had 15 wings, one or two I can understand, but a 25% reduction?  Nope, not worth it.  I may be back, but I hope you are not behind us in the takeout line, as I will be counting every box of wings.
