3 Cellblock used to be called the Padlock in which I would lovingly refer to as the "maxi pad".. well it's the same dark scary bar it's always been. If you like the filthy piggy type action this is certainly the place. Oh but at 2am when the lights come up and you can see who you've been cruising all night.. scary! Don't miss pitri dish corner, also lovingly named for its you know, where the zippers come down and the cultures grow.   I once witnessed a circle jerk in this place! No I wasn't in the middle either.. I was in the corner in the fetal position sucking my thumb! Ewww, on the floor.. probably would have been cleaner in the middle of the circle jerk!  Anyhoo.. the front part of the bar is alright.. better lighting.. also the bartenders pour strong and flirt well! Woof!
5 In a city that is still discovering "personality", Cellblock is king.   Cellblock is fun. It's crazy and dirty and sketchy and dark and sexy, but above all, it's fun. Everyone here is always having fun.   For those of you who don't know it by reputation, Cellblock is "that" bar. The one that your perfectly-manicured friends warn you about. It's the Hoist, the Eagle, the Gauntlet, and the Mineshaft. The classic dirty gay leather bar. There is a cross and a cage, a boot-blacking chair and a sex shop. You do not order a pink martini.   I've brought a few girls and straight friends here, and they loved it, and the other patrons loved them. Just use common sense. This isn't a hag bar, and the energy is definitely masculine.   The bartenders are one of the greatest things about this place. They are incredibly, sincerely friendly. The drinks are the strongest of any bar I've ever been in anywhere, and the cheapest.   The DJ is also incredible. I've never met him, but I wish I knew his (their?) name.   Every night is a different promo. Beer busts, 50 cent pitchers, strippers, underwear, shirtless, gear.   It's currently under construction, but Bill (the owner) and the bartenders are keeping us updated, and it plans to reopen.
4 This bar has been closed for quite some time.  There's not much hope of it re-opening anytime soon.  This means Phoenix is probably the largest city in North America (metro pop. 4.3 million) with no gay leather bar.  Velocity and Bunkhouse are sort of filling the bill, as best they can, but these were big shoes to fill.  I always enjoyed Cellblock (also known as Padlock back in the day), but she is sorely missed, and needed.
