4 A quaint little library out on the east end of Tropicana.  No slot machines, but it's got plenty of comfortable chairs for if you just want some place quiet to get a little reading or work done, outside of the distractions at your place.    The hawkish security guard looks like he's about ready to bichslap anyone who crosses his path, which helps keep things nice and quiet.
4 One of the best Clark County Libraries that I have been to.  I live  in Henderson, so this is the closest one to my house.  They have great programs on Saturdays for the kids.  We lost a book and the guy there worked with us; only charged up the collection fee.  We found the book and returned it.
4 My kids love coming here for storytime.  They sing songs, read a book and usually do some kind of craft at the end.  It can get a little crazy sometimes, people letting their kids run wild while the story is trying to be read, etc.  I recently rediscovered the library by coming here for storytime.  I didn't realize they had such a great selection and that you could get new releases at the library.  I am a pretty fast reader and hate paying for a book I read in a day.  It is super easy to request books online.  I usually just run in to grab something I have requested off the hold shelf.  They have computers you can reserve and like most libraries they have free wi-fi.  I have tried to use their wi-fi printing but it seems like they are always having issues with it.   They have a security guard that seems to keep everyone in line.  I've never seen any problems here.
4 This such a great little local library. I was very spoiled in Denver living 4 blocks from the Central library so I was relieved when I moved over here and at least have this cute little local spot to go and pick up books.  This is part of the Las Vegas Clark County Library District. The location is fairly easy to get to and has plenty of parking. Inside is a decent size but nothing huge. There seems to be more room dedicated to children and juvenile selections, which is understandable. It's clean with some great modern features like computerized check out and returns. From my experience, the staff is very friendly and helpful.   The great thing about these library systems is that you can go online, find the book you want, and they'll deliver it to your library of choice. I do this quite often.   I really enjoy this location and have definitely taken advantage of living so close to public library.
