4 This place is very.  Very accommodating. Every request was promptly accommodated.  "We can make very spicy or no.  As you like."  Very reasonable.  Grilled Shrimp platter 5.75.   Other great specials.  Very good.  Grilled Shrimp & Shrimp Fajitas were delicious.  Very convenient.  Just across the 10 from Tukee, north side of the street, behind the former Village Inn.  Very recommended.  Don't expect atmosphere like a fancy Mexican place at Chandler Fashion Mall, we're talking strip mall basic here, but El Ranchero definitely qualifies as YASMG.  (Yet Another Strip Mall Gem) *copyleft Sean M, Boston Yelp.
4 I've been here 4-5 times since I yelped them.  I've got 3-4 people from my office going here once a week now.  When I reviewed them I gave them a "You've been Yelped" card.    I was back recently and mentioned yelp.  I've shaved off my beard since I yelped them.    So the guy at the counter was like, "Yelp?  Oh yeah this dude rolled in here like a month ago and he was like "I reviewed you guys" and I was like "cool!" and he was like can I take a few pictures for the website and I was like yeah whatever man 'cause I didn't even know he was coming in for the review, you know, but I think it's been good for business 'cause we're pretty busy now, man."  Cool.
4 So I'm writing another update.  This has become one of my favorite local restaurants.  I told my daughter she could pick a restaurant for dinner and she picked El Ranchero.  We were just there 2 days ago!  Tonight I talked with the owner, Elias a little.  Very nice guy.  I tried something different-Chili Rellenos.  It was a whole roasted poblano pepper filled with a blend of 4 cheeses, dipped in an egg batter and cooked, then smothered in a light and flavorful tomato and onion based sauce.  Awesome!  It was somewhat similar to an omelet and Elias said they could make it for breakfast if I wanted to come by any morning.    I think updates are limited to 5.  Before long I will be able to write a review of each and every menu item.  So far I've only tried about 6 different things.  My daughter had tamales for like the third trip to El Ranchero in a row...
4 REAL MEXICAN FOOD....The only REAL mexican food I found thats not in south phoenix.....
5 This is one of my very favorite places in the valley. Their food is fantastic! No one in my family has had a bad meal in the place and neither have the friends I've brought.  Now, I could list all the different things I've tried but that would take a while and, well, what would be the point? Between us, we've tried just about everything. The shrimp dishes are yummy because they cook the shrimp just right, it's not overdone like so many places in the desert. The chicken is delicious and the beef and pork are really good, too. Oh, and my daughter loves the tamales. My favorite thing is the chicken chimichanga.   While the place isn't five stars on the atmosphere, nobody goes there for that. They go for amazing food at bargain prices. It's just a pleasure to support a local guy starting a family, eat the great food and walk out with your wallet intact.
4 I've tried several gringo favorites here, and this food tastes like home-made.  They also have non-gringo food like tongue and head meat.    Many of the recipes are from the owner's family.  Price:  Average for the volume of food ($6-10/lunch) Service:  The order takers have always been pleasant, and so has the people who deliver the order to your table. Taste:  Everything I've tried has been AWESOME, and their red sauce is great on everything.  It seems strange that it would be buried in a strip mall, but the food is definitely worth your time.  The Al Pastor meat is awesome!
5 I've recently tried the sandwiches (tortas) and they're really good as well, fyi.
4 I really like this place. They have awesome tortas. The service is great and always friendly. Pricing is good for the amount of food you get. Definitely worth stopping by if you're hungry and in the area.
3 Ate lunch here today.  I'm not really impressed and not at all bothered by the food.  I got a plate of steak in sauce with rice, beans and flour tortillas.  The meat was a bit tough, but fairly standard for strip mall mexican food.  I can't really complain.  It tasted good and hit the spot.
4 I have been wanted to check out this spot forever... So this day for lunch I entered the restaurant to a really friendly and helpful staff. I ordered the 3 taco combo It comes with rice and beans. The salsa was pretty good it could have been a bit hotter...I rate the food as followed.  Lenuga (Beef Tongue)  A Barbacoa (Beef Cheek) B+ Carne Asada B Beans C+ Rice C+  My lunch crew ordered an Al Pastor torta.. I was able to try this too super great flavor... I gave it an A+ I will be back again just to get that torta again along with great prices a must stop for anyone looking for some great food.
1 I only give one star if they hurt me. This was the worst experience I've paid for since my last airplane flight, and my worst time at a restaurant in recent memory.  The prices are average for this sort of place. The food is not bad. It tends to the watery side of things. We tried a beef dish and juevos rancheros. The eggs were runny in limpid gravy, and the beef wasn't bad but had some gristle. Their homemade hot sauce is very good. The source of pain was not the food but the atmosphere. The young daughter of the guy behind the counter shrieked almost constantly the entire time we were there--a little over ten minutes waiting to get our food, and then the ten minutes it took us to wolf it down so we could escape. An acquaintance of the guy had a young boy, who also shrieked. Five people sat around a table without food and talked about upselling.  I left with a headache from the shrieking and a bellyache from eating too quickly. Maybe I'll try takeout sometime--but I'll give the other Mexican places around here a shot first.  To be fair, this place would be awesome if you have horrible children.
5 Possibly the best Mexican Restaurant. Everything I have ever tried was nothing short of amazing, but I usually got the Taco Salad. Who thought salads could be so filling? Anyway, the food is authentic and they often have bottled Coca-Cola made with cane sugar which is also amazing. The prices are also great and the service is great. I always feel welcome when I'm there. Definately put this place on your list if you're looking for a new Mexican restaurant.
5 BEST BREAKFAST BURRITO THAT I'VE EVER HAD.  Love this place.  Authentic Mexican food.  Love the staff, owner is super friendly, and a young guy, too.  Elias is his name.  I've never had a chorizo burrito like I've had here.  Get it con papas!!   The only thing I don't care for is the atmosphere.  I wish they would give me a day in there to spruce the place up!
4 Good lunch place.  Everything I have had is better than average.  Prices are average.  Sometimes to service is slower than I would like.  All in all a good value with good food.
5 This was the best Chorizo Egg BurritoI have ever had, yummy!  I usually only eat half of a big burrito, but it was so awesome tasting that I ate the whole thing when I got home.  Now my son will compare Burritos and I am sure it will win #1 with him as well.  Going back every time I babysit in Chandler.
5 My son and I were in search of a quick Mexican lunch and El Ranchero was recommended by a friend. This little store front is nothing fancy, but it was clean, the service was pleasant and the food was delicious. I had a shrimp taco and a fish taco. My son had enchiladas and a chicken taco. We asked that they hold the onions and they did. This allowed us to taste the food and not just onions as so often happens when cooking with onions.  I'm looking forward to introducing the rest of the family to El Ranchero!
5 Great carne asada burritos.  The fish taco/burritos are also on point.  The owner is incredibly friendly and gives personal service.  The food is affordable and extremely high quality.  I enjoy coming here for consistent good tasting Mexican, best in the area.  Skip 'bertos and come here instead for an authentic taste.
5 I ate here when visiting with my son for a hockey tournament.   The carnitas and pastor was delicious.  The red salsa was hot and flavorful.  Service was friendly.   My only complaint was they were closed when we went back for dinner on a Saturday night.  They were also closed on Sunday.
5 Huuuge portion!! I went here for lunch and ordered the chimichanga. The portion was huuuuge! I put a dime in the picture for scale! I got it with shredded chicken and I loved it! My experience was good, but the plastic utensils were very small, so it was a bit difficult to eat such a large chimichanga with a tiny fork. Also, the guy who I placed my order with, didn't offer if I wanted to order a drink, and it didn't occur to me to order any, so I just wish he kind of upselled more. I would definitely recommend the restaurant! And don't forget to order a drink!
4 Breakfast are very generous, delicious, made to order. This is definitely not your MCDonalds type of breakfast. I have been coming for the last 3 years and will continue coming.
4 Why would you go to a strip mall for Mexican food when there are 2 large chain restaurants right across the parking lot? Because the food is GREAT, that's why! Is it a simple place? Sure. Maybe 40 dishes on the menu. But the food is fresh, it is tasty (my wife is practically drinking the green chile sauce from my plate), and the people who run it are nice. What more could you want from a lunch place? :)
4 Grilled chicken burrito was very good, great amount of veggies and the chicken was very tender
4 We found this place down the street from our hotel. Ordered the carne asada plate x4. The service wss a bit slow which was probably due to frequent clients coming in to order.  The guy at the counter was very friendly and kept everyone's attention with his conversation.  The food was actually very good. The carne asada was moist and flavorful. The Mexican rice was perfect as well as the refried beans.  The next time we visit Phoenix,  we'll definitely stop by again. Gracias señor counter guy from Ecuador.
4 Good food, very affordable. Fast friendly service. Excellent for lunch, and also have kids meals(perfect sized portions for my 6 year old!) I just wish they stayed open later most of the week. They close at 3 nearly every day, but Friday they close at 6.
4 I ordered the surf n turf plate ( Steak and shrimp fajitas with refried beans,rice and tortillas) , a special not on their regular menu . Owner was super friendly and suggestive . The meal was good , well priced and made to order . If you want a spicy sauce , ask for the "Fuego" , a spicy sauce with really good flavor !! Lots of interesting options , their breakfast menu looked great as well . Wish this place served alcohol or atleast beer !!
4 The service is super friendly! The general menu items are above average, but the pozole is my favorite. My co-worker orders and loves their nachos. Their service with smiles from the guys helps bring people back.
