5 As told by Damon Gogh:  There's nothing I could say to make you try to feel okay, And nothing you could do to stop me feeling the way I do. And if the chance should happen that I never see you again, Just remember that I'll always love you.  I'd be a better person on the other side I'm sure. You'd find a way to help yourself, And find another door. To shrug off minor incidents, And make us both feel proud. I'd just wish I could be there to see you through.  You always were the one to make us stand out in a crowd, Though every once upon a while your head was in a cloud. There's nothing you could never do to ever let me down, And remember that I'll always love you.
3 Meh. It's okay for the weather. Everything else sucks though. The inhabitants are anti social dicks. For some unknown reason they think they're so cosmopolitan. It's amazingly tragic and sad.
3 If you're from a Tier1 city on the East or West coast, this city is a major fail.  If you come from, say, Chattanooga, TN, or anywhere equally as appalling such as anywhere in-between Philly and Los Angeles, this city will probably be a step up for you.  PROS: ---------- Friendly people.  Beautiful sunsets.  Beautiful desert scenery.  Cheap rent.  Beautiful weather 6mos out of the year.  Pretty decent Magic the Gathering scene.  Wonderful family.    CONS: ----------- A big percentage of people here are radical Christians and loony Mormons waiting for their spaceship to the planet Kolob (look it up).  There are a lot of chain restaurants and you've really got to search high and low for decent eats.  Unfortunately, most Phonecians enjoy Applebees over, say, a great Cajun eatery.   The music scene is laughable, at best.  When the weekend's headline event is "Hardcore is a Girl's Best Friend", and when you go to a desert party with 2 stages of Hardcore, you know you're in trouble.  The city's DnB weekly draws crowds in the single-digits, and most events, sound-wise, are utter failures.  For instance, bringing out a huge UK DnB DJ then having the sound cutting out and clipping all night, awesome!  Want to hear Glitch?  bawahaha, good luck.  How about DubStep?  woooo!  If you're lucky you can catch the DubStep _monthly_... yes folks, 1x's a month.  Awesome.  There is literally only one weekly that's worth anything and it's the Pound which has been going strong for 1yr.  Sadly, you see the same 100 people at every event worth anything.  So in a city of 5million or whatever, 100 people know and support good music.  *sigh*  Want to hear a sick DJ like DJ Dan, Donald Gladue, DJ Icey, etc....?  Well you have 1 option:  wade through the sea of douchebaggery at Myst filled with the worst of Scottsdale and the Scottsdale wanna-be's with their $200 jeans and $150 bling t-shirts with no clue that a world-class DJ is on the decks.... THEN, you will be sadly disappointed as you watch your favorite DJ spin a watered-down set on a shitty sound system.  Sweet.  Art?  "Hellz yeah we have First Friday".  Yeah, 1x's a month, there's something artsy to do.  Tits.  Public transportation?  Yeah, the people of The Valley voted for the Light Rail project... a BILLION dollar debacle which provides Phonecians a single route from Mesa up to Phoenix, at a cost of $2.50 for a r/t.  Is it cheaper than driving?  No.  Faster than driving?  Nah.  More convenient?  Nope.  Does it go anywhere useful?  Naw.  It serves only a tiny fraction of our population, mainly those that find it "hip" to live in Downtown Phoenix.  How about the bus?  Don't know, I've never seen a bus in Gilbert.  Weather?  Miserable... you are forced to live in an artificial environment 6months out of the year because it's too hot to have a window open, too hot to even go outside.  Sure there's a lot of nice outdoors activities, but you can only participate 1/2 the year.   Don't let people fool you and tell you "it's a dry heat".  I don't care if it's dry or not, 117 degrees is 117 degrees.  OH, and don't expect it to cool down at night.... 100 degrees at MIDNIGHT is actually common.  And btw, it's not always a "dry heat"... most of the summer is Monsoon season.  You actually begin to look forward to the monsoons.  How does Phoenix's weather effect your body?  Well, if you enjoy not being able to breathe, sneezing, watery eyes, bloody noses, burning your flesh on your leather seats, Valley Fever, and respiratory issues, Phoenix is the place for you!  Job market?  Awesome, if you enjoy working for a call center.  Cops?  Super!  We've got the anti-Constitution, racial profiling, show-boating, murdering Joe Arpaio.  If you are caught with even a roach or a stem of weed, you're looking at a trip to Tent City where you can enjoy our 117 degree weather from the comfort of an outside bunk bed under a canvas tent.  If you're brown and working hard to support your family, expect for your place of business to be raided, and for you to be arrested and detained, probably even deported.  Drivers?  The drivers in Phoenix are fascinating to watch and observe.  They paint the perfect picture of mental retardation.  Everyone tailgates here, going 70mph.  I defy anyone to drive 20miles on our freeway systems and not see a rear-end accident.  Multiple rear-end accidents happen daily.  Why?  Because people drive at 70mph literally inches from the car in front of them.  Now any person with an IQ over 70 would be able to understand that if the car in front of them has to stop suddenly, you are guaranteed to get into an accident.  GUARANTEED.  I am baffled and literally astounded at the fact that no one seems to understand that out here.
4 I am a fan of this city, which is why I live here.  One star withheld because the solid waste service charges are too high.  See that?  The only thing holding Phoenix back from the coveted 5 stars is that my utilities are too high.  Suck that all other cities in which I have lived.  A lot of people complain about "Phoenix," but most of their complaints can be explained by the fact that they actually live in Gilbert or some other crazy suburban enclave.  You can't move to Queen Creek and then complain that there is no public transit.  You can't move to Mesa and complain there are too many Mormons.  A lot of people complain it's too hot.  If they all shut their stupid mouths, the sudden decrease in hot air would probably result in a significant cooling of the area.  The HoHoKam lived here without A/C, and they didn't complain (trust me, I've seen their cliff drawings-no complaining).  They also dug canals.  If a bunch of un-air conditioned natives can dig a miles of canals with sticks and rocks, you can't complain that it's too hot inside your Prius.   A lot of people complain there's no culture.  How you can ascertain this when you only leave your tract home in Avondale once a month is beyond me.  I regularly trip over culture while riding my bike to work (yeah, I trip over things while on a bike).  But finding culture may require you going somewhere other than Target or Walgreens.  So yeah, I'm a fan of Phoenix, but I'm not a fan of high solid waste service charges.  Nor am I a fan of a lot of people who live in the ubiquitous Valley.  But I like Phoenix a whole lot.  I'd even give it a reach around.
3 Well Phoenix, we've had our ups and downs. I spent a good 7 years with you, but I can't say I'll be back. I like your sister city of Himeji, Japan a lot better so far. Sure, it completely lacks Mexican food, it's crazy humid and I can only communicate on the level of a cave-dwelling toddler, but it has so many more cultural charms than Phoenix could ever possibly offer. That's what always bummed me out about you, Phoenix, you seemed to lack the type of definitive character that other cities often have. Instead, you always struck me as a confused mini-L.A. But you had some great residents, and I miss them. Maybe I'll be back if you improve your public transportation, but until then...sayonara!
3 Phoenix, you're a button down, short sleeved dress shirt with a pocket protector, and a brown cloud alert compliments of commuters, lemmings, et al caught up in traffic, outbound, towards the sprawl see, i've lived in boston, denver, new york compared to those cities, Phoenix, you're a dork a lovable loser, charlie brown's your best friend yo, cen-phos and mod-phos, don't mean to offend i know that you're trying, piercings and tattoos but light rail and biancos, still won't make you cool you've got your first fridays, Phoenix, that's a start but the twenty-nine other, days on your chart are filled with, well, nothing, to speak of, it's sad whoops, there's third fridays, sorry, my bad lots of great people, all with good intent but phoenix, you're lagging, behind all the best urban creations, chicago, you're not nor austin or san fran, a few cool buildings dot your central corridor, but the wrecking ball's claimed too much of your history, hang on to your famed havers and beadles, and joints like, durants a new land rush is on, with men in chef pants flooding the market , why not, rents are cheap just hope that those checked pants, come with pockets, deep can't be enough people, downtown to support all these new places, unless cen-pholks, cavort seven nights a week....not downtown, not yet it's still  "I Am Legend," after the sun sets no hustle, no bustle, just a cop siren's wail no bicycle messengers, or taxis to hail you're a chaste, chase ballpark, with its roof buttoned tight sans a few hundred locals, you're crickets at night what I do like, dear phoenix, you're still a blank slate the last major metro,  where it's still not too late to make a real difference, so come stake your claim and help this ugly duckling, transform and change into a great city,  the game is not locked by privilege or pedigree, block after block is waiting for you, bring your plans, bring your vision come join the downtowners, the homeless, the pigeons who've rooted and roosted, on roofs under eaves just make sure you bring money,  along with your dreams but with all your short comings, Phoenix, i'd be lying if i said that i love you...but i like how you're trying
4 You can't compare Phoenix with the other great American cities because it's only half the age of all of those. Phoenix was heavily developed in the 50's and 60's, a time period in which suburban landscapes and family ties were what people wanted, an escape from a heartless cityscape.   So since then, Phoenix has sprawled and sprawled, built numerous highways, which everyday take longer to navigate due to endless construction and millions of new hopeless drivers. Driving in Phoenix is dangerous, to say the least.   People here...suck. For the most part. If you're all for religious zealots, conservative politics, and not talking to your neighbors, North Phoenix / Scottsdale is the place for you. At least from what I've seen.   Phoenix, you're confused with your identity honey. You can sell your Cocopelli key-chains and attempt at developing a theme, First Friday's are fun and grow larger every month, but can art only be appreciated once a month? Your art museum is, though not comparable to those in San Francisco or New York, superb. Your integration of small-city vibe with big city benefits is what makes you your own. But Phoenix, stop trying to keep up with the Jones', giving into wealthy developers, and homogenizing yourself when you know your shortcuts will lead to your demise. Zone higher density, clean up your bus system, expand your rail network, but stick to the grid which you've mastered.   Phoenix's lack of consistent cultural venues make it lack in the eyes of many, but don't generalize Phoenix as uncultured or boring, Phoenix is just different. It needs to be appreciated for what it is, not what it is not. You can't come from Manhattan and expect the same thing in the Valley, which is what I've had to train myself to do. Living in Boston and San Francisco, Phoenix isn't my ideal setting of an American city, but it's a new city with a different vibe, which needs to be taken in un-biased and cherished for the marvel it is.
4 "If you can't change the situation, then change the way the situation affects you.  The choice is yours!"---Unknown  Sure it can get hot..think theraputic sauna type heat.  The rest of the year is great! As my friends and family to the east are shoveling snow I am sitting out on my patio.   Plenty of sun and fun here in the Valley!  I have never been lacking in options for things to do in Phoenix.  I can stay in and play or take on a hike in many of our Urban trails through the city.  We have several great places to eat and play.  There is always something new to try.   Deciding to live downtown close to work was a decision I enjoy more each day.  But I withhold 1 star for the lack of Green Space/Parks and the unwilling nature to improve the residential/pedestrian conditions through downtown and the need to improve some of the public transportation options through town.    But I am not just naggin' here as I am one of few that is tryin to get involved to make changes where I can.
5 I've been to many other Cities (L.A, san Francisco, Sacramento, Albuquerque, Las Vegas, Tucson) And I Love Phoenix Out of al of them. From the First Class Shopping, to the Desert Scenery. It's a Ahh Inspiring City. Its not as dirty as many other major cities, and the crime has gone down so Much. its not even on the top 100 list of dangerous cities. And the people are so nice, i go on hikes and bike rides around the city and (Im not exaggerating) Every person I pass says good morning. My only con is the traffic! Around rush Hour OMG! Its Busy. But other from that I love it here!
3 Things I like: + D-backs games. + Suns games. + Easy in/out and layout for downtown area. + Many festivals and cultural events.  Things I don't like: - Lack of parking downtown. - Lack of nightlife downtown.  Yes, there are restaurants and bars....but there's no "life" down there...it's very boring. - Heavy handed DUI enforcement.  Luckily, I haven't had a DUI, but I know many people who have and in other states they wouldn't have received it.  One drink an you're done here in PHX, no bueno. - No "Chinatown area".....in a city as large as Phoenix? Finding very good, authentic Asian food is extremely difficult in this city.  The choices are far and few between. - They say the city is "on a grid"....however, this "grid" is super confusing.  As someone who moved here 2 yrs ago, there are still things I don't understand about the streets....why some streets go all the way across the "grid" and others change names several times.  Also, there's a 5th street in Phoenix, Mesa, Scottsdale and I don't know how many other cities nearby.....how does that make any sense?  Overall, it's not too bad of a place.  I've seen much worse.  Return Factor - 80%
4 I don't mind the heat.  People pay serious money to sit in a small room and get heat like this... and we get it for free and you don't even have to pretend like you don't see that old troll playing with himself in the corner of the dry sauna.  Good people for the most part... until they get behind the wheel of a car and then even Mel Gibson in that one movie where he's like a tough man, and there are all these crazy people in this apocalyptic world after some WWIII or something, I think it was Passion of the Road Warrior, or something like that.  Well that's Phoenix during rush hour.  You just grab your junk and pray you'll make it home alive.  There are some serious car jackoffs out there: 1) Lane - What Lane? - those folks who think that a 5 lane highway is meant only for them, and if they have to use all 5 lanes in a 100 yard span, well then 'F' the rest of you. 2) Dodge the immigrant in the back of the truck - those landscape guys who travel with half of their crew in the cab of the pickup up and I'm right behind them waiting for them to hit a bump and watch them fly. 3)Young Text/Talk Girl - yeah she's hot, but she's going to kill someone as she checks her text for a message from Chad to see if they are going to go to the mall on Saturday.  You won't be so hot with a fender through your head, honey. 4) Your Grandmother - she's 80.  Take her license away, unless you really are hankering to collect on that inheritance just a few years earlier. 5) The cops - I love 'em when I need 'em, but damn if when I need 'em I don't see 'em.  I do like the fact that everyone has a pool though.  I don't have one, but all my friends do so I basically just make the rounds on any given week and I cycle through most of them about every 2 weeks.  No one has caught on yet.  Yeah, Phoenix is all right.  At least it's not St. Paul.
5 I've been a customer of City of Phoenix water for a long time now.  I've never had an issue with them in the past.  Bill comes like clock work, never an issue paying online.  I get to use my credit card so I get reward points while paying something I have to pay anyway.  My bill is pretty standard year around, doesn't really fluctuate at all, maybe by a few dollars if I'm doing something different.  I've never been stunned, shocked, or surprised.  I tend to pay more then what my bill is so that I don't have to think about it for a few months, or so that I'm paid ahead if anything should happen like I lose my job.  They never hassle me about that, never try to return the money, they carry the credit over onto the next month so it's really nice about that.  I recently bought a house and had to switch my water services from one house to another.  No issues there, gave them a call, maybe sat on hold 10 minutes tops, my water was turned on the same day, and they provided me my new account # right over the phone.  And considering you don't really have many other options out there, they treat you pretty well.  One thing I've tended to notice about companies is when they monopolize any specific area, they usually start giving crappy customer service and start treating people like dirt because they know you have no other options of where to go.  But City of Phoenix pretty much has the market cornered on water, trash, sewer, and they don't treat you like trash.  They have always been really nice with me personally.  Not sure about other peoples experiences but I've been pretty happy with them over all.
