5 From the LVRJ -- August 2007 /  Here's a vintage idea. It's called the Grape Expectations Nevada School of Winemaking. Located at 1971 Whitney Mesa in Henderson, Grape Expectations allows students to get their hands -- or is it feet? -- wet as they experience the winemaking process and end up with bottles to take home. The school is run by Charlie Peters and Louis Sodano.  Here's my update:  I just spent 2 hours corking a full barrel of wine -- and it was a total blast.  I was there with friends who'd gone through the whole process -- choosing their grapes, stomping them barefooted, the blend, several barrel tastings and today's bottling/corking/labeling.  Ok a barrell is roughly $2300 -- but that's 40 cases of wine -- which averages about $9+ a bottle.  You get to make, barrel, taste, bottle, cork , seal and label -- and it's a total blast.    I'm blown away by Charlie's passion.  Even more so that he's so close to our home and we knew nothing about this...  people - this is a brilliant team building exercise, holiday gift, wedding favor, 21 year old  gift -- and more...  Charlie's expertise is in handling the full experience --but if you have more talent, talk to him -- he's phenomenal -- plus he's a whiz at magic...  He did a card trick that I'm still freaked out about...     This is the real deal, people.  Cannot wait to get more folks involved...
5 Make your own wine in Las Vegas!  What a great concept this is and soooo much fun.  This isn't like other wine-making places I've been to that just have you do some blending and bottling - here you actually make the wine from the crush to the bottling.  Charlie is the owner here and from what I understand, he actually goes to CA and chooses the grapes to made available.  I believe this year there was a choice of 16 different grapes (I could be wrong) but we had to choose our varietals the first part of Sept.  Each group makes a minimum of one barrel, 20 cases/240 bottles, for $2400.  Last year we made a Zinfandel blend with Barbera and Cabernet Sauvignon.  It was so good we won 3rd place in the Zin category.  The Zin grapes came from Suisun Valley, the others from Amador.  This year we're making a Barbera blend with Petite Sirah and Cabernet Sauvignon.  We had our crush yesterday - 21 crates of wine that we dump into the machine that separates the stems from the rest.  The stems go on the floor and rest in a huge tub.  Add the yeast and the other stuff that makes wine *I should know this but I forgot* and they explain the process in detail.  If you're local, they ask you to come back and plunge the wine before it is pressed - then come for the press when they move your wine from the tub to a barrel.  The wine sits in the barrel until May when we bottle, cork and label the wine ourselves and take it home!   They have all kinds of events through the year as well for their clients - we went to a port party, they take part in the Henderson St Pat's day parade, and in August is the awards dinner for all of us wine-makers.  Everyone brings bottles of their wine and trades - of course everyone wants the award winning wines to trade for.    All in all it's a great experience, even more fun and the best part is having 20 cases of wine to drink!
4 Pretty fun way to spend an afternoon, take a class over quite a few months, and drink... and then when it's all said and done, you get to drink some more because you have wine that you made yourself!  What more could you want?
5 We have been making wine at Grape Expectations now for 6 years.  I love the people!  Going and participating in this school can be as "educational" or "loose" as you choose it to be.  This school is a great way to get friends together to make something we all enjoy.  The best part is the end result, which has been really good wine.  Thank you, Patty, KJ, Mike, "The" Chad and all of the other people that are our friends in wine making for making it a great experience every season.  Oh yeah, I forgot the most fun part of the year...Henderson's St. Patty's Day Parade.  How much fun do you think we have with this awesome group marching and playing our instruments in the Train Wreck Marching Band?  Yep!  A lot of fun :)
