5 If you like the outdoors...you will like the indoors here!!  From camping gear to fishing and more....they have a lot of high-end gadgets that will make your outdoor experience even better. I once went in to look at some camping cookware and I think I was in there for an hour and a half and I barely cracked the surface. I think the key to REI is that whatever your sport ofroutdoor enjoyment - REI will make it even more comfortable and enjoyable. Hey you might even find a new sport while you are there!
5 Great store, plenty of parking, and has everything from biking, clothing, kayaking and rock climbing.  I can spend hours looking through the different sections of the store and walking out with new gadgets and boots.    What ever it is that you do in the outdoors, they most likely will have it.  There employees really know what they are talking about, having much experience in the outdoors and the products that they sell.  They got a bike shop inside so they can fix your bike or what ever.  They have classes on GPS, bike care, kayaking and tons of other things during the week and on the weekend.  They have the most recent products there and  much more... they have everything you need for that next trip, hike or ride.
2 Years ago when I lived in Berkeley, California, this was THE place to buy camp gear and outdoors stuff. Now, there's competition, and I don't shop here any more. Why... Prices. Yes, they have a lot of stuff here, and their employees are very knowledgeable. But, I can get the same stuff cheaper elsewhere, and its also a lot more fun to check out gear at Bass Pro or Cabelas! I don't buy into the whole co-op thing either- Prices are still too high for me.
4 Camping, Hiking, Climbing, Cycling, Kayaking, Snowshoeing, Skiing, Yoga, and oh so much more... when it comes to the outdoors, REI has it covered!    Did you know you can even create a gift registry at REI?  Well - you can!  I went in the other day to do so and sure enough, it's just as easy as a department store... I registered for beach cruiser bikes after getting an in-depth description of the bikes available from Bill - the Sales Product Expert at the store.  He was super knowledgeable and friendly and even eager to help me with the registry too... thanks Bill!  I was crunched for time otherwise I would've registered for a lot more - you can get lost in the store if you're into outdoor recreation and fitness - there's something for everyone!  I've bought shoes, socks, camping gear, presents, nutrition bars, apparel, and more at REI in the past.  I'm sure I'll continue to visit when I'm in need in the future as well...   PS - do you know what REI stands for? "Recreation Equipment, Inc." - I didn't know that until I glanced down at Bill's card.  I never really thought about it before!
2 REI.. I love you .. what and who did you hire??!!! BECAUSE you are such a 5star.. you rock.. you have all things for the active.. even for my active doggy! My active everything.. BUT when I drop over $100 on a reflective North Face jacket so Mark doesnt get run over on the run in the dark on his business trips.. & your startofffriendly and turntobeastwhentoldNO workerbee clerk boy checks me out and I deny his REI loyalty club membership.. not once.. not twice.. he asks whats my DEAL? Wait, DID he just ask me whats my DEAL??? (come here college boy.. ILL show you what my deal is!) followed with.. what you dont see yourself shopping here much? I glared at him.. and stated I was in an absolute hurry.. PLEASE give me my paid for merchandise because I SAID NO! My friend said thank you as we left.. and he actually chuckled.. umm no thank you back.. bad bad bad.. but I love the merchandise and the friendly folks in the bike and running area.. so its gotta rate a 2 for that..
5 Want to play outside?  REI has pretty much anything and everything you could possibly need, as well as lots of things you probably don't need but that look really cool.    I was first introduced to this location shortly after moving to AZ.  A visiting friend who loves the outdoors suggested that I get out and go hiking as a way to explore my new home state.  Off to REI we went and I ended up with a new blue Camelbak (the girl version!) as a housewarming gift.  Cool!   Well, a new Camelbak requires new shoes, right?  I returned the following week to acquire my Very First Pair of Hiking Shoes Ever.  No more cross-trainers for me - I meant business!  The woman who assisted me was extremely patient, helpful and informative.  She even had me try a few pairs on the fake rock in the shoe section to ensure a correct and comfortable fit.  I love my Merrills!  Are they pretty?  No.  Have they taken me on a lot of great hikes in the past year?  Yes!  Since then I have been back quite a few times for various items, and each time have encountered friendly staff.  Most recently I purchased a pair of Pearl Izumi spin shoes (25% off during the annual sale!  Yeah!) and even though the store was packed, I was helped quickly and the clips were installed within 5 minutes.    What else do I like?  Items ordered online can be shipped to the store free of charge.  Also, the member co-op program provides an annual dividend on purchases and % off 'members only' coupons.  Need a life vest for your dog?  They have them!  Does your cat need a tent?  They have those too!  Oh wait, those are just little display models...
5 This place is window shopping for a guy. When I walk through it's doors I can't help, but long for the great outdoors and adventure.   REI is the expert when it comes to all your outdoor needs. They specialize in hiking, backpacing, moungtaineering, paddling, camping, skiing and biking. They have a wide variety of brands and also sell their own brand and their brand doesn't disappoint. I come in here every now and then to fulfill my hiking needs; get some ideas and feel inspired; or just to kinda hang out and dream I could be in some adventurous destination.  There are staff members in every department and I found them to be eager to assist without being pushy sellers. I have spent time in the hiking and biking areas and found the staff to be very knowledgeable in finding equipment that accomodate your specific needs and fit your body type. They have many free in-service classes on various topics throughout the month as well as online articles and videos to educate you on your particular activity. I haven't utilized it, but rental equipment is also an option at this store.   If you need outdoor gear or assistance regarding an outdoor activity, I highly recommend using REI as a main resource.
4 I have always loved REI where ever I may be.   While I usually shop at the Tempe location I was up in PV on this day and came here.   I was looking for a few items for an upcoming trip and a nice travel purse/bag with a slash-proof strap.   Having looked at REI's online selection i was hoping to find much of the same in store locally.  I found a few items I needed and they were having some great clearance sales in the womens clothing section (talked myself out of several items), I still did not find a the purse/bag I wanted.    I'll check the Tempe location next.
3 While it may be bigger and have lots of things hanging from the ceiling, I do not like this REI as much as the one in Tempe. It's way more pretentious and getting good service is about as common as seeing someone in Scottsdale without Uggs and Daisy Dukes on.  However, sometimes I'm in the area and sometimes they have things the other store doesn't. I strictly go here to pick things up and leave as quickly as possible.
5 It's REI, what more can you say! They are always very freindly and extremely helpful! The staff knows the products they sell very well! Everytime I've been looking for something from spin shoes to a backpack, they know their stuff and that saves a lot of time by getting it right the first time. Not the cheapest place to buy sporting goods but worth it when you don't want self service!
5 LOVE LOVE LOVE!  "The Mindy" in camping department.  She knows her stuff, rocks a good chat and I was just ever so happy that she was also there to ring me up.
4 This is my REI, and has been  for at least 10 years.  Let me tell you why I like this store just fine!  I can almost always find what I am looking for, and they carry some oddball items which are difficult to find elsewhere.    I have overall had  good customer service.  I've received invaluable information and tips over the years. Employees have introduced me to products that I now love, and it wasn't about "selling" an expensive product; rather, educating me about items that would make the specific outing better in some way.   For example:  BodyGlide for anti-chafing, with sun screen- great for 5 day river trips, long hikes, where you can get friction irritation from life vests, rough rafts, etc. My kids even are sold on it.  Ultra light thin wool running socks for running and hiking.  Feet stay dry and blister free, and are totally worth the price, and they last forever.    And check out the clearance racks on every visit, if you have time.  I've picked up, over the years a number of fast-drying SPF shirts and the like for rock-bottom prices off of these racks, which are great for hiking, water activities and more.  And, when a child needs hiking boots for an overnight hike/camp event, and you discover at 8:30pm they've outgrown all of their "closed toed shoes" , you will definitely get a pair that fits if you get to the store fast enough.  And. someone will help you, every time.  It is VERY close to home, which is a huge plus.
4 Another great store within walking distance of my apt. Went to this locale the other day to pick up some new never tie shoelaces. I must say I was very impressed with the store....and it has all of the outdoor gear you need for your next Arizona adventure.  Now for people here in Arizona that is very important....and this store is extremely popular....especially on weekends. I payed only about 7 bucks for the laces and they work great for my Crocs since I needed some replacements. So if your and outdoors man or just need some great hiking gear....visit REI. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4 All around really nice REI location. I was very impressed with this store during a recent out-of-town stop in. It seems to be a newer location and is very well organized and stocked. I was very impressed by the second floor water sports selection! Very polite and helpful staff, you can not go wrong with REI.
5 damn i love REI. it's just expensive. some of the retail items like Go-Pro or Oakley never go on sale, but many of their other items do. you just have to keep your eyes open for the mail flyers.  everything outdoorsy, from tents to food to items for your pooch. over the years, i'm sure i've spent thousands at rei on good camping gear.   the staff is always, always, always super helpful and super friendly, at pretty much any REI i've ever been to. this location is no different.
4 This is an outdoors person's heaven.  That is not me, but I can appreciate it.  I came here because they had a killer deal on Keen shoes for the kids.  We love those shoes, but paying $50 a piece can bite, so when they were 50% off, I got 2 pairs for each kid.
4 I was sooooo excited going to REI the other day to get a new Portable Spectrum Analyzer that sweeps 24GHz in 1 second quickly detecting transmitting electronic surveillance devices!  Heck YEAH!!    Oh wait just a minute, this is not the Research Electronics International store.... It's the Recreational Equipment Incorporated store.    All kidding aside this place Rocks!  They have just about anything you could possibly need to make your next outdoor adventure more fun and safe.  This is a "go to place" for use when shopping for camping and hiking gear.  They have more things available online, but we can usually find what we need in this store.    Don't get "sticker shocked" while shopping.  Most of the items REI sells is top of the line equipment and gear.  Their prices are very comparable to what you would find online or at other Outdoor Sporting Good stores.  They also offers coupons and free shipping most of the time.    The staff at this REI is extremely knowledgeable, friendly and eager to help you find the right gear you need for which ever out door sport you enjoy.  They are also experts on local hiking and camping sites as well.   So the next time you need a new portable spectrum analyzer, don't come here :^)  However this is THE place to come for all of your hiking, camping, and most other outdoor sporting gear. I hope to see you there!
5 Where other stores in the same category has closed, REi has remained open and I hope they stay open and survive every cycle cause I just love this place. I love coming here to browse their products. I love buying their products and I love how once I'm a member, their generous return policy.  Funny enough. It's their generous return policy that has turned me into a loyal customer and someone who doesn't mind paying a higher price for a similar item I can buy elsewhere.
1 I think REI has great outdoor products. But the last time I was there, I was some bombarded with sales people I did not even feel like I was in a outdoor outlet. Maybe it was because of the holidays, but they should restructure some of there front training to match what they are selling.
4 If I won a million dollars I would probably spend half of it here.  The staff is always great and the store clean.  I have been to multiple REI's and this one is always the best.  I just wish it were bigger and had more stuff.  Still, I do wish the prices were more inline with other online locations, which is the only reason for 4 stars and not 5.
1 REI, you had such a good thing going...why, oh why...  Sometimes an event lives great because it offers so much more than it intends. When it's a store putting it on for the sake of it's customers (and I'd like to think as a thank you for loyalty) it goes far beyond a vehicle for making a sale.  We have loved the Garage Sale that this location put on for so very long. We would get in line at 5am with the other die hards and laugh at the people waking up in their sleeping bags (while secretly wishing that we had the cojones to do the same since they were going to get the VERY best deals). A couple years running Krispy Kreme came across the street with boxes of donuts to cheer our early morning wait.  But it was the people that made it. We'd hang out in the early morning hours with other outdoor enthusiasts trading stories and secrets about local trails, lakes and camping sites.  ...and then, with nervous excitement we'd charge into the parking lot like mad men, snatching up sleeping bags and hiking shoes for pennies on the dollar, thanking the REI gods that we, the chosen few, the members, would have such an opportunity to feed our equipment cravings at unheard of prices.  Flash forward to yesterday...I evidently missed the memo that the "new and improved" garage sale was happening in the store, up in the clinic room. Clutching my 20% off coupon we made our way through the crowded parking lot, J. with visions of using it for a new bike seat while I ready to fight him for a chance to restock my hiking sock drawer at 20% savings. We walked in to signs advertising the garage sale and  a very long line of people waiting to go up stairs for their finds of the year. J. got in line and I went to hunt for new feet cushions. Several minutes later, he found me to let me know that he had to get out of line to get tickets for the sale, but was assured that it was a 30 minute wait and he was going to  the bike department until our numbers were called.  I was dubious...the line looked like it was for an E-ticket ride at Disneyland and the people in it weren't looking any happier than if it was 98ยบ with screaming kids at said park. Long story short...it was 2 full hours before we were called to that upstairs secret clubhouse. Once there, we were told we had a very generous 10 minutes to shop...we picked up a few things. set them down in frustration when neither of us could get to the clothes and walked out of the store empty handed.  REI management, this is an epic fail in my opinion. You turned a wonderful community event into a vehicle to hold your members hostage in hopes of their making full price purchases while waiting for a disappointing chance to make the killer buy that we dreamed yearly about...and worse yet, you didn't even make the sale that we intended...you didn't sell the $53 bike seat, you didn't sell the $17.95 socks but you did manage to piss off a couple of members who have been on your roster for 25 years.  Sometimes a sales event is more than the sum of the profits or in this case the decluttering of the returns bin. Sometimes it's a way to show your customers the loyalty they've shown you... we heard repeatedly that this was much easier on the employees and management than the old parking lot sale. This was much harder on us as consumers and so unsatisfying to wait two hours for a 10 minute opportunity. The parking lot sale was  one day of chaos for the employees a couple times a year...is that too much to ask from a store that we've been loyal too for half our lives?
5 I purchased the Gregory Jade 38 Pack from REI. I really enjoyed the customer service. I have never tried on any day/weekend pack and ED S. helped me out so much! He was very knowledgeable of his products and made sure I made the right choice. If you have any questions about packs, I would go and talk to ED. He was Awesome!
4 Your go to store for outdoor needs. The staff is extremely friendly with an emphasis on extreme. Try going down an aisle without getting a "How can I help you?" Just try. Recently I have all but moved in with recent hiking excursions and returns or merchandise invariably leading to more happy purchases. The return policy is phenomenal allowing returns of even opened items for cash. The member benefits are also great and the quality of the products is awesome. All in all it's worth it and some items here even beat Amazon prices!
5 I had an amazing visit here today, Tom in the bike repair shop is totally awesome! He helped me out with parts for my bike seat, a new seat stem clamp and I returned a seat I bought 3.5 years ago that been sitting in my garage damaged. I got a full store credit for it on my membership! Who does this?!?!? I also found out about the garage sale this weekend for members only. Best loyalty program I ever paid for! A true pleasure!
5 A great bike repair shop. Took care of all my needs and got my tuned up bike back to me in under 4 hrs! Prices are stated on the wall. Professional and courteous mechanics and staff!
4 REI is my go-to place for outdoor gear when I am looking for quality stuff that I expect will last.  They have a great selection of gear that leans toward the lighter-side, that is, your standard car-camping stuff like the giant two-burner flamethrower stove will not be found here, but you will find stoves that you can practically fit in your pocket and work perfectly for backpacking/climbing/expedition type activities.  High-quality gear, clothing, bicycles, boats (kayaks), tents and all the accessories for the above you could ask for.  REI gear also comes with a no-hassle return policy.  Between REI and Campmor, I'm covered :-)
1 Service used to be good at REI but I have noticed it has deteriorated over that last decade (I am a member for 20+ years). It appears that they have many newbies without the experience of actually using the products. Some in customer service are just not knowledgeable enough. The other day I requested the store to hold an item for me, which they said was in stock. When I went there they did not have it and so they asked me to go to customer service and order it from a different store. The customer service lady took all me info including credit card and then told me that its a low probability you will get it from another store. But that she will call the other stores when she has the "time". WTF? I bought the item cheaper from Amazon.
5 An outdoors paradise in the middle of Phoenix. REI has everything you will need no matter if you hike, ski, bike, camp,or just want to be warm or cool in nature. I'm more of a hiker and biker so they always have a huge selection on hand. Also a big bonus for having a lot of their own gear which is cheaper than brand names, nut at no less quality. Rei return and customer service is out of this world too and pay the small to join the club.
4 I hadn't been there in a long long time...yet REI is still one of my favorite to go store for outdoor equipment of all kinds. The selection is mind boggling and there is always a friendly associate that you can flag along to help you out.   On this occasion, I was in the market for a heart rate monitor and there was definitely no shortage of choices. After consulting their helpful binder, I had made my choice and was on my way out the door.  I find the prices to be competitive with other stores within the same market. I would visit the store more often it it was closer to my house. I also like the fact that REI is right across the street from Dutch Bros coffee drive thru.
4 This is one of my favorite stores to get backpacking gear, The employees are pretty knowledgeable, however, if you aren't a member they will try to sell you a membership.
4 I go on a 3 day horseback riding trip twice a year.  When I do, I always stop by REI to pick up supplies for the trip.  On my last visit, I found a 10 degree sleeping bag for $70, not bad!  It's kept me very warm and comfortable.  The employees at this REI are always helpful and answer all of my stupid questions. Since I'm a novice outdoors guy, I ask a lot of basic questions.  They're always willing to help me.  Return Factor - 93%
4 just bought a pair of hiking shoes there today. Good customer service, patient when I wanted to try a bunch of different kinds on.  Prices not cheap but also their quality of shoes better than a typical shoe store that selling hiking shoes. Wish they had more selection than they do but other than that, it is a good place to buy high quality sports shoes
4 Great place for outdoor gear, and super friendly staff. The member's garage sale isn't quite as good of a deal as it was in recent years, but it appears they're trying to fix that. For outdoor stuff tested and used by people who actually GO outdoors, this is the place to be.
4 Very convenient location, lots of parking, a sight to behold (and a tad overwhelming) when you first walk in, but they have great quality items, awesome staff (some of the friendliest around). The prices may not be the cheapest, but you also get what you pay for in terms of the quality of the materials. Great membership benefits, with a generous return policy. I can't say that I have too much to complain about this place. This might explain why I'm here a lot. Hmm...
4 This is a great store for those who love exploring the great outdoors. There is a good variety of merchandise for camping, kayaking, running, hiking, and other activities. The goods are high quality and there are many that are hard to find in other stores - such as folding bikes, one of which I'm hoping to purchase in the near future.  This explains why a lot of the goods are a bit (but not overly) pricey. Being a hiking enthusiast, I especially like their hiking gear such as trekking poles, and the high-quality detailed trail maps of the local and regional hiking areas.
5 The staff here couldn't be more helpful. You'll see a trained expert in every department.  If they don't know the answer then they'll find somebody that knows it.  Their return police is also great.  If you're not happy then bring it back.  I'll pay a little extra on gear from here because of the service and quality.
4 REI is with out a doubt one of the most reliable places to find high quality camping, hiking, outdoor fun gear you can find anywhere.   They are always one of our routine stops when planning an outdoor trip.  They seem to have the things their competitors can only order if needed.  One of the best things about REI is their shoe sale.  You can pick up great shoes/boots during their sale.   This last trip we picked up some new Keens that they were discontinuing for 50% off!    REI is a must stop by and shop when planning your next camping or outdoors trip!
1 Total fail after being an REI member since 1998 and handing over a small fortune to them. Beware expensive hiking boots - they are less durable than regular shoes apparently. I had some literally crumble to dust while stored in a closet. Granted they were old but in my opinion they should have lasted a lifetime, especially at $250 a pop. All I got from customer service was a bunch of variants on "nothing lasts forever" and "my expectations are too high". Total fail and very disappointed. Opinion of the company forever changed. I have CAT workboots that are almost 30 years old that are in perfect shape.
2 Not a big fan of the customer service at this REI location. I don't know what was going on with the employees here but we experienced a lot of passing off when it came to getting help and the person that we were passed off to was the busiest person in the store. Probably because he was the only one working at the time. I was very disappointed to receive this apathetic level of customer service.
3 This weekend I visited this REI store. Maybe my expectations were too high... or maybe REI just isn't that great.   I didn't have a specific goal in mind. I was in the area and just felt the need to check it out. I had been getting emails from them since I lived in FL, but there was never a location anywhere near me. This day would be my first REI experience! I had anticipated it for years, as sad as that may sound.   We walked in and were greeted by a very friendly associate at the door. She was nice... and the only person to speak to us during the rest of the visit.   I saw the bikes and figured I'd take a look at them since ours had recently been stolen. I saw one that looked pretty cool then found the price tag and it was $650 which was pricier than we needed.   We walked around a bit aimlessly. Taking in the environment. Checking out different products. There seemed to be a good variety of outdoors gear, but it didn't seem any greater than other places I've shopped.   I always envisioned REI as a large playground for outdoors people. It was just another store. I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. Next time I'll come with an agenda... if there is a next time.
5 I have been a customer of REI for years and years.  I've always liked them - but they earned my highest level of respect yesterday.  I was wearing a pair of snow hiking boots that I purchased at REI about 5 years ago and the sole of my right boot just fell off.  Literally it just seperated and broke off from the rest of the boot.  I've never seen anything like that and neither had anyone around me.  I took them back to REI so that they could see it - clearly a manufacturing defect that I thought they should know about.  I didn't have the receipt anymore but they pulled up my membership account.  All the boots and coats and sweaters and gloves and socks and shoes I purchased for myself any my daughter came up - even boot shoe laces came up, but unfortunately - not these particular boots. I really did buy them there.  I only buy snow and hiking boots at REI.  I thought, oh well...  But the customer service woman  kept looking.  She saw that they used to carry this particular boot but it was discontinued 5 years ago.  I thought I was out of luck.  The bottom line is that even though I didn't have the receipt, AND these boots weren't listed in my account, AND they discontinued these boots 5 years ago...they gave me an instore credit for the last price they sold these boots for.  WOW.  I thought that was Amazingly FAIR and Amazingly RARE.  I was astounded!  I've only experienced this level of customer service at Nordstroms before.  I am an extremely happy camper again.  I been a long time customer of REI - now they have me for Life!  I'll be in again soon.
4 Great location, excellent selection, and wonderful, knowledgable staff!!  It's slightly expensive but there are frequent and excellent sales, especially if you're a member.    You can't beat being able to try out your hiking shoes on the mountain and having the option to return them after a few wears if they don't work out - can't get that from cheaper places and websites!    My husband and I have purchased tons of stuff here over the years and we've had wonderful luck with the product quality (if it's here, it's probably excellent) and the people who work there actually use the stuff.  If you know exactly what you want to buy, shop around online and you can often beat the price.  But if you're venturing into unknown territory and in need of expert advice,  this is a great place to go.
5 Toy store!  One of my go-to spots for outdoor equipment or bicycle supplies.  Love that all of their employees really know what they're talking about. We stopped in last Friday to see if they had any deals on cycling shoes for the Princess.  Got terrific service and advice (and yes a killer deal on some closeout shoes).  Prices are pretty good.  I've compared nearly everything I purchase with Amazon prices and they are usually right in the ball park.   I've also taken advantage of their free classes.  I went to a two hour class on bicycle maintenance and learned a ton about how to take care of both my road and Mtn bike. They have one of the largest selections of power gels in the valley, nearly every brand and flavor available.  I wish they had a location on the west side.
5 These guys are amazing. Not only do they have fantastic gear, but the customer service at this store is fantastic. I had left the rain fly for one of my tents in Colorado recently and after many phone calls found out I could not buy a replacement even though it was rei brand, bummer right, NOPE! After calling the store to see if they had my tent model in store for the upcoming garage sale they went, found one, pulled the fly out, and gave me my new fly! It's actions like this that are the reason I shop here and will be a member for the next 10 years and forever following that.
5 Amazing store. The people there are so helpful and knowledgable. They know what you need for whatever you're doing, and they're very kind. The experience was great, too. I love the hands on style. If you want to see how a sleeping cushion thing or whatever feels, try it out. Great store, if you're new to hiking and want to learn everything about it, or an experienced hiker needing some supplies, this is the store for you.
5 5 stars of course! This place has everything and the staff is SO helpful. They know everything about outdoorsy things and beyond that, they have this policy that lets you return anything you've used for up to a year. So if you want to try out that really nice sleeping bag you just bought by going on a few camping trips, and realize it's just not up to your liking, you can return it! I doubt that happens often since their products are top notch but it's still a great reassuring policy. It's nice in there, I don't know what more to say.
