3 Stray Cat Theatre is a local theatre group that focuses on contemporary and experimental theatre, with a particular eye towards involving and attracting younger people. Right off the bat, they get major points for this.  I got to check them out in their new space in the Tempe Performing Arts Center. They've done well with the black box, and I like that it's such a flexible space. Tons of potential here.  Their stage management and tech team deserve special mention. They used the space well, and the technical side was flawless.  The directing I saw wasn't good. Much love to local theater, and the script I saw didn't give them much to work with, but I still expected them to do more. It felt like the cast (who were good, on the whole) put it together collaboratively, and the overall effect was a bit too amateur.   I hope to go again soon - the holiday show looks awesome - and give a more glowing update.   I got $5 tickets (normal price was $20) from showup.com. They sat us in the back, but when there's only six rows, it wasn't a big deal.
5 Director Ron May & the entire cast of columbinus ROCK! This play deserves to be part of the drama curriculum for all respectable schools.  Thank you thank you for bringing this beautiful message to life! What would we be without you?
5 I saw speech and Debate this evening, Great show, great cast!
4 Was taken to see "Learn to be Latina" as a pre-birthday gift, and was pleasantly surprised that there was a theatre culture in phoenix!   If you are not from Tempe (we were not) and if your GPS makes you go in circles, make sure you have a back up of mapquest available, because this place was a doosey to find. It could have been the fact that every street was closed due to the festival...but who knew there was a festival :)    Also, don't ask anyone that works at PF Changs for directions because they told us we were 3 miles away, when we were literally 1 street and a corner away.   Anyhow, the seating was general, and since we got there late due to being lost in a 2 block radius for 45 minutes, we sat in the second to last row by the railing, which I must say are not terrible seats by any stretch of the imagination.   There was unfortunately someone behind me who laughed extremely loud even when things were not funny, I daresay he must have gotten some stares because the second half of the show, either he didn't come back or he caught a frog in his throat.    When the director opens the play with, "if you are easily offended, you should probably leave now", you should listen.    I am not easily offended, and I was offended, lol, but it was all in jest and the play was written by a latino writer, so I tried to remember that whenever there were some offensive parts.   I must say, the play was an equal opportunity offender...they even made reference to 9/11 which left me with my jaw hanging, but again...they gave fair warning :)    All in all a good experience, can't wait to visit again...hopefully we won't get lost this time :)
5 THIS is what independent theater is all about. Far and away the best in the Valley.
5 Every city needs someone at the edge of things, to keep that city moving forward culturally, socially and even financially. Stray Cat pushes the edge in Phoenix. They put on professional work and continually challenge audiences over 10 seasons. Hooray for the edge.
5 One of the best theaters in the valley. And THE best alternative theater, I dont care what people say.   Located just east of Mill, when theres construction this place can be a little hard to get to. They offer street parking w/ meters (free after 6pm) and if you cant find street parking Id suggest the parking garage on the other side of the building. Mill is a quick walk away for your dinner before show and drinks after types.  Ive seen many, many shows at this space. Its a great space for theater. Its very large and well cooled. The chairs are on risers and can sometimes be a little uncomfortable, but if its your chair that youre worrying about when you come here, just dont come. Theres more important things to see.  Ron May does a fantastic jobs finding shows for this company. They range from super deep to fun to a laugh riot to incredibly moving and poignant. His direction is stellar and casting is brilliant. The staff here is always attentive and fun. The house and stage managers, I should mention, are fabulous. The work that they do should not go unnoticed. The shows here are always well lit and its always fun to see how Mr. May and crew have envisioned the world that these characters live in. I hear they have a new resident scenic manager and let me tell you folks, he's gonna blow you away.  I highly recommend signing up for their newsletter to keep yourself abreast of what they have mewing (get it?).
