5 A new Robecks opened in my neck of the woods, and I wasn't super-thrilled at first because I am a die-hard Jamba Juice junkie. I know it sounds silly because juice is juice, but whenever I get a smoothie from somewhere other than Jamba, I am always disappointed.   Robecks did not disappoint. Not once did I think about Jamba as I enjoyed my smoothie - on 2 separate occassions.   The first smoothie to please me was the Raspberry Romance: raspberry juice, raspberries, strawberries, bananas, non-fat yogurt and ice. Not too tart, and not too creamy.   Less than a week later, I dragged my sniffly self in for a pick-me-up and ordered the Dr. Robeks off of their Power Smoothie Menu: freshly squeezed orange juice, raspberries, strawberries, raspberry sherbet, ice, + Immunibek and Vitabek.   Something that Robeks offers that I haven't tried yet are shakes and frozen yogurt as well as sandwiches and salads.  There's a nice little patio for outdoor seating, otherwise, you've got to take it to go.   Also, all summer they are doing a "buy one for yourself get one free for your kid" special on Mondays. I think it will be a weekly event for us!
4 YUM.. it's "almost" a Jamba.. OK so some may think I am nutz or others may just understand.  Jamba to me is the primo smoothie.. Robek's is a very close 2nd and MUCH closer to home so they get the spur of the moment purchase vs. the trek (not that far really) to Jamba.  Oh, they do offer a AAA discount with your valid AAA card too!
4 Went here with the husband and our 2 teens and we all get something different so we could share. Everyone enjoyed their smoothie and the employees here were very friendly.   I just wish these dang things were a little less pricey...and i would eat em more often, they are like having a meal.
5 This place is spectacular! I have a dog grooming facility and our employees and I often place an order for pick-up. It's the perfect little treat and pick-me-up and Robeks' staff is awesome with our call-in orders. They are always ready, correct and exactly what we need to finish out a day of puppy scrubbing. :o)  Thanks, Robeks! You rock!  p.s. I would take Robeks over Jamba Juice any day!
1 I really enjoy a nice açai bowl, topped w granola and fresh bananas, it really is not the same without the bananas, I guess they were out if fresh bananas so they just put frozen instead, really how am I supposed to chew a solid frozen banana?  First time at this location but I constantly run into this at the metro center location too, I'm giving up on this place, for a smoothies shop to not have such a staple ingredient as bananas is just embarrassing. If I could give it no stars I would, horrible.
5 This is my new place for smoothies! I always get a large Pina Koolada with no banana and It's great. The fresh coconut pieces at the end of the smoothie make me happy.   I love how quickly they are made. How clean the location is and how friendly the workers are. will return over and over!
5 Since this location is right down the street from our house, we always go there. We've never been disappointed with anything here, and we absolutely love going! Everything is so delicious, even the Green-V! It took me a while to try it, but I'm glad I finally did... so even their veggie juices are good :)  Everything else, of course, is also delicious. Our favourites include the Hummingbird, Pomegranate Power, and Caja Cooler. We used to love Jamba Juice, but now we can't go back there haha. It's probably the employees and the owner, though... everyone is just so nice there, and very helpful if you have any questions about any of the drinks.  Keep up the great work, guys! Definitely as good as it gets!
4 Awesome Acai smoothie is the best. It's like a meal in a cup and it's healthy.
3 I love the smoothies here but... This last visit the customer service was a little under the weather, I think the two young guys working wanted to get out of there ASAP because they seemed very aggitated that I came in 30 minutes before they closed. I mean I would understand that if they were about to lock the door and I came in with some huge order but it seriously took 2 minutes out of their time. Made me feel like I was inconviencing them when I'm the customer... weird.  Hope to see better service on the next visit otherwise I know some other places on McDowell Rd ;)
5 Lovin Robeks. I like Infinite Orange with energy. Cool and refreshing. These guys are fast patient and nice. I am in and I am out.
5 I actually prefer Robeks over Jamba Juice, for a couple of reasons: 1) Their smoothies are less icy and more thicker and richer 2) Their smoothies have more flavor instead of mostly tasting heavily like fruit or yogurt - they're more balanced 3) They have a lot more food options (don't know about you, but I like a tasty snack with my drink) and their vegan cookies are incredible!  However, the only negative is that there are a limited amount of locations in Arizona (I used to live in California, and there were TONS of locations there), so if you're ever near one in AZ take the opportunity and load up!  I loved this location especially because of the friendly staff and fast service!
5 I wish they had these in Phoenix. A buck cheaper than Whole Foods for super green juice (kale, celery, apple, etc.). I get my Evergreen with ginger & no lemon. Freakin' delish!! :-)
5 I love this place, the awesome acai is the best! Monday free kids smoothies are fantastic. I have never had a bad experience here and the staff is always nice.
4 Love all the different selections of smoothies and juice here. So wish they had one where I live in Cali. Prices are a little high though. They have so much flavor though and super yummy. Good location (close to Goodyear ballpark).  Can't wait to come back!
5 this place blows the doors of Jamba Juice!!  really its that good. I haven't had a single smoothie that Jamba could touch. What a great place. too bad there are not more locations.
5 Tylor and Glenn were the best! I was the one that got there one minute to closing and they stayed open for me! Awesome service!
