3 I think that food delivery is one of the great things in life. The ability to call someone and have them bring tasty morsels at your bidding - Fantastic. The sad thing is that these couriers usually bring bland pablum that disappoints -serving the need for  calories, but not much else. However, I have found a Chinese restaurant that delivers to the  O4W that is decent. It has said, "Yes, I will stand among the crowd of Chinese delivery places, but I will do so on my tip toes!"  Chicken Egg Roll - it's fine, it's an egg roll  Buffalo Crazy Wings - the wings are big, but the sauce is a little lacking and honestly, not really a buffalo sauce. they might have brought me the wrong sauce, but I'm not planning on getting these again.  Hot & Sour Soup - Hot and sour that is actually... hot and sour. Surprising anywhere, but especially from a delivery place. Lots of veggies, what not and red pepper (alas no black, though).  Curry Chicken - I'm not the biggest yellow curry fan and this did not change my mind. It's better than most yellow curry that is delivered and I think there was a hint of ginger. Fine, but whatever.  Red Curry - much better than the yellow curry and I would say it is the best curry I've had delivered. Keep in mind that in itself is not saying much, but it's good. This is definitely on my regular rotation.  Spicy Chicken w. garlic Sauce - good. A  decent dish. All of the ingredients are fresh.  Kung Pao Chicken - also a very  good  dish except the veggies are cut small - I suppose that is the style for the dish, but I like big veggies -especially when employing chop sticks. The chicken also seemed to be small.   Spicy Chicken with Garlic Sauce - There is a little sweet in there which I initially caused me some concern, but it turned out fine. Lots of veggies, good spice, good cuts of chicken... nice.  Chicken Lo Mein - fine, but unremarkable.  Brown Rice - what can you say about brown rice? I suppose it is as good as brown rice can reasonably be.
3 Good stuff!  I have had better, but so far this is the best chinese food I have found that will deliver in the Inman Park / Little Five Points area.   There is a $10 minimum order, so if you are ordering for just one person a meal can get a little expensive.  They somehow manage to get you to pay about $15 + tip everytime.  Delivery time is reasonable. If anyone else knows of any other good Chinese delivery in my area, please let me know.
3 This place is VERY clean... LOL  It's the 1st thing I chose to say about this location because it was the 1st thing that I said when I walked in.   The cashier/cook was very helpful and friendly. I ended up stopping here while dropping my friend off at the lounge nearby (Pal's which is now a hip younger spot from the older times).  I got home and endulged in some fried rice and their hot wings (I KNOW, I know hot wings at a chinese rest. but they had a great special). The food was good, IMO...   I asked the lady if they delivered in my area, she exclaimed they only go out in a 4 mile radius (boooooooo, I thought).  But, I will definitely be stopping by again if I'm nearby...
4 Cheap and cheerful! The food is fresh and made to order. I walk down here when I work from our downtown office on occasion and haven't been disappointed. It's not gourmet and it's very standard in terms of their menu but it's good. I think the chicken fried rice is good though-it may be pale but that's because there aren't ten gallons of soy sauce in it. It's still appropriately salty though and has a good flavor. The veggie options are good too. You can also just tell them what  you want and they will make it which is great!
2 Not a fan...we were staying at Days Inn and wanted some food delivered so we decided to try this place. We each got a dinner combo, which comes with rice and a chicken roll. I got General Tso's Chicken with brown rice and he got Honey Sesame Chicken with fried rice, and also got some wings. They were nice and put in a bunch of sauces, napkins, forks, etc. I didn't really like the chicken and the fried rice did not look like fried rice at all..there was barely anything in it! We couldn't even tell the difference between the fried rice and brown rice at first. The wings were pretty good, but they were tiny. Probably won't be ordering from here again.
4 The wings here are very good! I really enjoyed the lemon pepper wing!
5 This is the best delivery place in my neighborhood. The Ma Po Tofu is the best I have had in Atlanta and the prices are great. A+
2 The food here is just okay.  You can get some decent sesame seed chicken and General Tso's when you're in a pinch.  They deliver and that's a good thing. I am not a fan of the dry, flavorless rice that they serve with the food.  My daughter told me that they have a habit of not giving people back the full amount of change that they should get, so you have to watch them.  I watch them and everybody else too.  Anyway, be in a rough spot and then go here only because you have to.
4 This is just your typical Chinese food. It's pretty good if you got a craving for Chinese food, and it's hard to argue with the price (especially if you're a GSU student), but it's nothing to shout to the heavens about. Their rice is a little on a dry side, so I always dip it in whatever sauce the food comes with, so it's not a big problem for me.  Overall, it's an alright place. I would go back.
4 I am writing this while eating my dinner.  Customer Service--  Recently just moved to the downtown area. Not really familiar with restaurants that deliver to me. I am online at different deliver sites and also comparing Yelp reviews & Google ones. Called the resturant to ask if they deliver in my area. The lady was very friendly nice, respectful. She called the driver & owner to double check she wasn't to sure. They deliver HECK YES  Food- Hot steaming, smells so good. I ordered the General Tso's chicken with fried rice and spring rolls. Its actually pretty good very fresh. I would order again. I also love the fact they ask if you want it mild medium or spicy. I took the mild way out lol. I cant deal with spice food. Everyone knows I am a big fan on spring rolls. VERY CRISPY FRESH!!! YESSS  Delivery- Came in a nice time she said 45 mins I received it in 30 mins Which is about right because it is a BRAVES game so everything is rerouted.  OVERALL I WILL ORDER AGAIN. I uploaded picture of my order & menu ENJOY!!
3 Delivery was timely and food was hot and portions plentiful for the price. Nothing to write home about but in the sea of so-so delivery joints this one is at least a keeper.  If you've tried a few places without a winner give these guys a shot.
4 This is my favorite cheap Chinese food in the Atlanta area. They have all the best of my favorites, from their teryaki chicken on stick to their crab rangoons. Their wonton soup is the best Atlanta has offered me so far and their fried chicken wings are delicious.  "10 minutes" is the standard time that food will be done, but in reality it's 15-20.    PROTIP (For all you spicy food lovers!): Cheap/take-out Chinese food is made to be palatable to even the most whingy people. I've worked in Chinese restaurants for years and most people that SAY they want the spicy dish, but can't actually handle it being so.   If you actually want your general tso's "spicy" food to be spicy, challenge them! Even if you have never been there before, say something along the lines of  "Last time it wasn't hot enough, can you make it hotter?"  Works every time. No matter what takeout restaurant.
3 So my review is solely based on delivery via grubhub.com. I have no other experiences so far.  Delivery time: They estimated a time frame of about 40 mins, but they were actually quicker and delivered it closer to 30 mins. So that's a plus.   FYI - My office is located right off centennial park, so for those who are logistically sound minded can figure out travel distance.  My food order consisted of the Dinner Combo, which included the following:  Mongolian Beef Dinner Combo for $8.55. Serving size is is a small "Chinese Food box" for the fried rice and a bigger than average serving of Mongolian beef.   Fried rice - Pretty good quality, taste and texture.Cooked pretty well, no grains overcooked or under cooked. Not overly seasoned or salty from soy sauce. Contains bits & pieces of real fried egg.   Mongolian Beef - Also cooked pretty well. It's not the best version I ever had, but it's on par with better then average. The sauce is good, not overly sweet. And a good percentage of pieces of beef. There were a couple pieces that were a bit on the chewy side, while most were pretty tender. Their version includes a small mix of noodles. Order it if you're craving for some.   Bottom line - Decent, non-expensive Chinese food for delivery when it's crappy outside to go pick it up yourself.
5 The food is always delivered very quickly (I order through eat24hours.com) and is always 100% correct, complete, and hot/warm.  The food is great quality for a cheaper Chinese restaurant.  There's no gross feeling after eating the food like with many similar restaurants (e.g. mall food).  I would recommend it!
5 They never disappoint me! Always on time good food !!
1 I was craving some flavorful Chinese food and saw the good reviews here and decided to order. I was extremely disappointed, I'm really not a picky person and I was just hungry. The egg rolls were flavorless and mushy inside, the pad Thai had no flavor, it didn't resemble any other pad Thai I've had, no egg either. Th fried rice was okay once I mixed in my own sauces from home. I don't want to be harsh, but I feel like this food was a waste of my money. Maybe they were just having a bad day because I see others are satisfied, but I won't be ordering from here again.
