5 This one will be short and sweet.  If you like a fun, clean, social, inexpensive, fun pool, great people, food, wi-fi, active , gym.. pretty much anything awesome , you will love your life here at Trillium!!  However if you hate finding a parking spot or finally finding a spot around ,what feels like , a mile away from your apt, you will not like it.   But hands down , Trillium is the best , any location.
4 Great place to live, decent gym and very clean. Just wish the pool was still 24hr. Staff is always friendly too.
4 Staff is unbelievably friendly and helpful. Amenities are great: pool, hot tub, theater room, gorgeous club house with modern decor (free computer to use, pool table, Starbucks coffee brewer), gym, gas grills throughout complex!     Downsides?  Only one assigned covered parking spot and finding a spot otherwise is a nightmare and nevee close to your apt.  The walls / ceiling are not well insulated and we hear the neighbors above us regularly. But it's an older complex so it really isn't theend of the world.   All in all on of the better places we've lived in!  Recommendations: go to the pool and meet lots of friendly people - especially if you're new to the place!
4 This is a great place to live with a lot of amenities - large club house with pool table and TVs and chef's kitchen (with Starbucks coffee brewer), lap pool and hot tub and regular swimming pool, grills by the pool and throughout the complex itself, and a great staff that is always welcoming and friendly.  Some of the only cons about the complex are parking and neighbor noise.  Since it is an older complex without much insulation between floors, it's pretty easy to hear what your neighbors are doing (especially if they have little ones).    Overall, it's a pretty good place to live with a variety of floor plan options and ease of access to the interstate.
4 Great Complex. Amazing Pool/Fire Pit and Clubhouse, Nice Gym. But.. incompetent management!! Had many problems with upstairs neighbors (Super Loud and Harassing), with complaints from multiple residents, and nothing was done. Ridiculous!      Other than that, the place is great!! Ray the Security Guard is nice and friendly, but still firm. GOOD GUY!      Hopefully you will not have to deal with same problems my family and I dealt with while we lived here.
