5 Our dog Wiggles, a chihuahua, LOVES this place.  The staff are very nice and friendly.  They do take the time to learn the names of every dog that walks in the door.  We take him every once and a while for doggie day care. ($20 M-Sat, M-F 6am - 7pm, Sat 8am - 6pm)  The dogs are separated by size into different groups.  They are free to roam indoors and outdoors during the day.  This is perfect for Wiggles because he enjoys having the choice of being indoors or out.  It is a very large facility with outdoor play gyms.    They do have nap time for the dogs everyday from 12pm - 1pm.  During this time, it's best not to stop by.  This does work for our dog because when we do bring him, we'll keep him there all day.  They also do offer boarding for the dogs ($35).  We haven't used this service yet, but it is where we plan on bringing Wiggles the next time we take a trip.  You can pre-purchase daycare/boarding in specified increments where, in the end, you will receive a discount.  These are great because you don't have to use the time consecutively and the don't expire.  I would have to say the best thing about this place is when we bring Wiggles home, he is completely worn out and needs another day to recover.  Perfect for our over-active, hyper dog.  Totally worth the money!
5 Our Shiba Inu, Saki, loves this place. He looks forward to his twice a week visits to Doggie District so he can play with all his buddies. He is so tried when we pick him up at the end of the day that he sleeps the entire car ride home.  That alone makes it worth the money! Would recommend this place to anyone looking for supervised play time for their dog while they're at work. The staff is so nice and I feel completely comfortable leaving my pup in their care.
5 My Sassy LOVES Doggie District I travel often and she has stayed there a lot and sometimes weeks When I pull up to Doggie District she goes crazy she almost runs in the door. The staff is friendly and always knows her and calls her by name. They have full care there grass playground and beauty services. Doggie District is reasonable, clean and safe environment for my baby I just got another puppy and she will go there also.(Daisy) I worked in the Apartment business and referred a lot of people there  I still do GREAT PLACE if I was a dog I would want to stay there  Deb Bartlett
5 Great For Big Dogs!! Our chocolate labs, Guinness and Gulliver, LOVE Doggie District and all of the great people who take care of them there. DD provides a safe and very caring environment for our dogs, whether they go for daycare, grooming, or boarding. We LOVE the photos that are emailed to us, one more way Austin and his terrific staff show how much they care. We wouldn't take Guinness and Gulliver anywhere else!!
5 I think I LOVE this place as much as my dogs (a Doberman and a Rottie)!  ~Friendly staff!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This is very important to me because if I'm going to leave my dogs there for 7-8 hours, I want the people to be excited to see them.  I truly know that my dogs are well taken care of because the staff is ALWAYS happy to see them, very welcoming!  =) ~Clean place, very well maintained!  ~Reasonable prices! We bought a 100 day package for $1200.....that's a great savings!  Instead of paying $20 a day per dog, it breaks down to $12 a day.   ~Great hours for my working schedule: 6am-7pm Monday-Friday, and they open at 8am on Saturdays. ~They do boarding........so handy for traveling!  If I could give them 10 stars I would.......such a GREAT place!  =)
5 Before taking Koda to Doggie District Pet Resort I did tons of research. Seriously, I searched high and low for the perfect doggie daycare facility... I would even ask people at the dog parks we went to where they leave their dog when they go out of town, if not with friends and family. Almost everyone recommended Doggie District and all the reviews ranted and raved about them.    The company is pretty much family owned and ran, they have a REAL passion for animals, and are the kindess and most sweetest doggie caretakers I have ever come across.   The first time Koda and I walked through their doors we were greeted with the warmest welcomes and felt instant comfort.   The dogs play outdoors with one another 99% of the time and the only time they are separated is when they are napping between 12-1pm or when they are boarding.   Just like my Koda Bear, I too experience separation anxiety when we are apart for a certain amount of time. I have a super busy schedule and feel guilty leaving the lil guy home alone for 8 hours a day. Knowing I was leaving him with people who instantly fell in love him just as I did when I first saw him made the transition sooOo much easier.   Want a tour or have questions, give 'em a call. They will walk you through pre-paid packages, answer questions thoroughly, and without even trying make you feel the comfort both Koda and I feel when he gets dropped off.   Thank you Doggie District family!!! =)   p.s. new clients get the first week free!
5 There should be ten stars for this doggy resort...we love it...especially our boxer, Moses.  We had never boarded Moses (usually have a dog/house sitter) but as we were traveling last we needed to find a "resort" for him overnight.  Doggy District actually observed him for half a day (to get a feel for how he would fit in) and we boarded him the next day.  This year when we cam back they actually remembered him!  The facility is clean, so friendly and dog passionate...Moses has so much fun here.  We love the fact that the dogs play all day and are only kenneled for sleep and eating...opposite from what we expected...someone there 24/7...we appreciate that too.  Love, love, love this place....wish we had a Doggy District at home so when we wanted to "treat" Moses we'd take him for the day.  Thanks to everyone there for your passion and care!!
1 My dog, unfortunately, stayed here for 5 nights in January 2010.  We dropped her in clean health, cow ears for each night of her stay, etc...  When we picked her up, they couldn't find her leash (they mailed it to us when they found it hours after we left), and they returned 4 of the 5 cow ears we left for her to have each night.  Worst of all, she came home with a nasty eye infection, that she never had before she went there, and that she's never had since she left there in January 2010.  NEVER AGAIN.
5 My doggie live it here. The staff are friendly and welcoming. I get his baths here too. The groomer does a great job. Plus my doggie is always sooo sleepy from playing so much.
5 Was referred to Doggie District by a friend and when she told me it was off of Cheyenne and Rainbow I was a little hesitant. It was a pleasant surprise to walk into the lobby and a) not feel like you're in the Cheyenne/Rainbow neighborhood and b) not smell one trace of dog anywhere. It smelled clean and fresh and although I'm sure the play areas smell like dogs have been playing hard, I liked that the lobby didn't.  The process to get your dog in is thorough but the application is straight forward. Liesl was the one who assisted me in setting up my appointment and she was friendly, helpful and accommodating-particularly after I had to change my assessment appointment on short notice.   The assessment is free and then if you think it's a good fit for your dog, you have five free days after to let them check it out and really get a feel for it. My puppy loved it and I'm sure got way more exercise than she's gotten in a long time and the social interaction is so valuable. She had a fantastic time and slept like a rock each day we took her there!  The employees seem to be able to identify every single dog-new and old customers-very quickly. Not being a dog person, I can appreciate someone who totally lives for this and will give my dog a super fun experience AND clean up after her without gagging.  It's $20/day a la carte. You can purchase packages of so many days, but have to pay in advance. The best deal (while pricey) is $12/day, but you have to pay $1200 up front. Definitely worth it if you work a lot or your dog is an only child and could benefit from much needed play time!
5 Our dog Kipper has been going to this place since he was a puppy. I think he has a great time since whenever he's home after Doggie District, he's so tired out that he just goes to sleep. The staff is very friendly. It's clean and they handle dogs very well. Kipper always runs out of the car and waits at the door when we go.
5 Bought the Living Socials discount coupon. My dog seems to like it here, she is happy when I leave her and happy when I pick her up. Dawn is very nice and professional and I believe truly cares for our furry friends. I like the fact that they are not crated all day like some if the other dog day cares around town. I'm so happy that they have opened a new location in the "true" Northwest part of town. (next to Vons and Target).
1 Bottom Line: I just hate it when a proprietor acts like they don't need my money. Nobody has to treat me like royalty just for spending a buck or two, but at least act like I'm a customer!   Anyway, my dogs have been here before - and though they seemed to have A LOT of energy after having romped around with other dogs all day - I didn't have anything to complain about. Having been away a while, it's been about a year since they were last there and I decided to go in and drop them off for the day since I was working an odd shift. Meanwhile, I thought that they could get groomed since our standard groomer was okay with picking them up from the daycare & dropping them off.   I walked into two women chit-chatting, so I waited my turn until they finished - it's rude to interrupt. Just walking through the door, however, must've been rude enough, judging from the look I got when the lady talking stopped mid-sentence and both glared at me, saying, "Can I help you?" in a "I would rather die than help you" tone of voice. So, I introduced myself, apologized for interrupting and asked if they had room for the day, explaining that the groomer we usually use would be picking them up and dropping them back off around mid-day. She said they had their own groomer and pointed to the next room, to which I responded that so did I and I would like to use our regular and it would be no extra effort on her part.  Then came the hoops to jump through so that I could give them my money, all inclusive of the initial rudeness. She asked if they'd been here before, which they had, so that satisfied the evaluation requirement. She looked the dogs up and said they needed updated shot records. I told her the name of our vet and asked if they could call over to get it faxed to them. I'm not kidding when I repeat what she told me: "No, but you can when you can find a fax machine." I said I'd take care of it if email would work for them. Then she mentioned some other rule that if they hadn't been there in over 6 months, they would have to go through another evaluation screening. I got the hint - they don't need my money and using another groomer is somehow taboo.   No problem, though, I would rather give my $$ to a place that at least acts like they appreciate my patronage.
5 Before we moved to Las Vegas, our dog had always had a private kennel room and had never been socialized, due to health issues.  We took her to Doggie District and the staff was wonderful.     We were so excited when we learned that Doggie District had opened up a new location, up at Skypoint.  The location is wonderful as it is near where we live and you can just pop onto 95 or 215 in a matter of seconds.  I can stop at Targets or Vons, go to the bank, library, YMCA, or post office before I pick her up which really is a time saver for me.  Now she gets so excited when we are headed to Doggie District and she can hardly wait to get out of the car to run in and greet the staff and play with her friends.  From the time we walk into the resort to when we leave, she is happy.  We can tell that she has played and not been caged all day, as she is ready for a good nap when she gets home.  The staff works hard to keep the new location clean and smelling fresh at all times.  It does not have the odor that some pet resorts have.  I can not tell you enough, how much we appreciate the staff at the Skypoint location.  They have become family to our little girl and to us.  I highly recommend the Skypoint location.    Dee M.
4 I've been using Doggie District for the past two years and I haven't had any complaints. I've used both the North Rainbow location and the Silverado location and have been equally satisfied. The staff has always been friendly and very helpful. I'm comforted by the fact that the pups get to play all day and not sit in the kennel. She's never come home sick or too smelly. So they're a-ok in my book!   I'll alternate using Doggie District with Petsmart, and they both have their pros and cons. Petsmart will give you a report card at the end of the day which shows that they were actually paying attention your dog during day care and will write down if she played or if she ate well, etc. However, Petsmart's play area is much smaller than Doggie District's and Doggie District also offers an outdoor play area as well.   Overall: nice facitily, friendly staff, and a happy little pup :)
4 I used a Groupon to try this place for the first time for overnight boarding for a long weekend.  I like that after orientation, the staff makes it a point to help with the dog's adjustment to overnight boarding by allowing the dog to come in for 5 consecutive days of daycare.  My dog seemed to have fun and seemed to look forward to playtime every day I dropped him off.  I did not give Doggie District 5 stars because of the following: 1) When I lived in California, for the same price, I had access to an online stream where I could see my dog.  I think that should be an added service. 2) I had asked that my dog be groomed by the time I pick him up.  The groomer did a great job, and my dog smelled fine. But, they placed a blue hankerchief around his neck.  My dog is white.  I didn't take the hankerchief off until later that night and the blue had bled on my dogs fur.
5 Our dog has been to two other daycare facilities and always seemed to like them just fine  - but he LOVES Doggie District!  We take him to the Rainbow/Cheyenne location and couldn't be happier with the staff there. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to my friends and family!
5 From the initial call, the service we received was fantastic. The hours are perfect for picking up the little guy after I get off work (even if I'm running late). The staff at the front was always very pleasant when I came to pick him up and they commented on how much they loved to play with him. They have a grooming staff on-site and having his nails trimmed for such a low price all in one visit was awesome. Each time I picked up my dog he was clearly exhausted from playing all day. It was so nice to be home from work and not feel guilty for being gone all day and spend a majority of the evening making sure he got his energy out.  They also have a FANTASTIC Facebook page where they post daily photos, announce birthdays, etc. My dog made a photo and you could tell that he was having the time of his life. I will most definitely be back to Doggie District, without a doubt.
5 This place is a life saver.  Our dog was driving us crazy after getting off a long day at work.  We can't blame him though cause some days he would be locked in his crate for up to 10 hours cause we are unable to make it home during work.  The staff at Doggie District are very friendly and helpful.  I would recommend anyone's dog to Doggie District.
5 I love Doggie District. I use the location on Rainbow/Cheyenne. I have three young dogs. The staff I've dealt with in person, via phone and email have all been very kind and patient. I am crazy about my dogs so I ask a lot of questions. I've brought them in for all-day play, overnight boarding and grooming. The pups come home tired and happy.
5 My dog LOVES going to daycare. We have taken him 3-5 times at the North West location, and he always comes home TIRED! When we adopted him from the shelter, they told us he was not doggy friendly. He hasn't had 1 problem. Staff is always friendly, and the location is clean!
5 My Ridgeback has been going to DoggieDistrict North and Centennial since 2008 for both boarding and daycare.  I've always experienced top notch service and my dog can't wait to go back.  Now I just need them to open a location closer to my house.  I feel bad as I read some of these poor reviews and try to imagine under what circumstances the bad experiences took place.  The only thing I can relate to is as DD expanded (and boy did they expand), they must have had a hard time staffing the talent needed to care for all the dogs and deal with us demanding pet owners.  Eventually they always do, otherwise you would not find the amount of loyal and regular customers they have. Some minor injuries and scrapes will always happen. The dogs are playing their hearts out all day long and that's exactly what I'm paying my money for: an exhausted pup at the end of the day.  I often find my dog playing well with others at the dog parks and on hikes only to find out after talking to the owners that they've been playing together at DD for years.  Keep up the good work!
5 I've been bringing my two dogs Joe and Stella to Doggie District for about 3 years.  They go once or twice a week.  Both dogs are older rescue dogs who had issues from previous owners. This day care is the best medicine I could've given them to forget past abuses.   They are well rounded, socialized, they love the staff and the staff obviously loves Joe and Stella.  Further, the hours of operation are excellent, prices reasonable and when they come home after 9 hours of fun, they are both exhausted.  Can't get any better.
5 I think my cocker spaniel is a fan! He comes bath all nice and clean and runs up to the staff! He is always excited and ready for a great time at Doggie District!
5 This place is AMAZING. I was very hesitant about leaving my dog at a doggy day care after a bad experience at another site. I felt at ease as soon as I walked in and was greeted by many warm friendly people who were overjoyed to have our doggy stay with them! Doggie District also made the experience much better as they sent photos of our dog throughout the stay, which gave me so much peace of mind and let us see how much fun our pup was having! Their facilities are very nice and they have sprinklers outside to keep the dogs cool. Their prices were more than reasonable and I would refer this place to anyone I know! Thank you SO much Doggie District, I will absolutely be back.. I just wish you had a location in So Cal! THANK YOU!!!! You are all amazing :)
5 So I have no "skin in this game". I bought a "Groupon" so now I have to have my dog come for behavioral analysis. And guess what? because I was not immediately boarding got 3days of play free. These guys are awesome, so caring, you can tell the employees really love dogs! Highly recommended.
5 We had to go out of town suddenly and needed a place to keep our (very active) dog. I looked up three different boarding places on yelp that all came highly recommended. I called, emailed, and even submitting online inquiries for each place and now it's two months later and Doggie District is still the ONLY one that has actually responded to me. In fact, they were the only ones to have a human answer the phone. When I told them I needed to board my dog beginning 6 days from then, they invited me to bring him in that same day to have him evaluated and to fill out the paper work.   The paperwork process was so easy and I got a tour of the facility, which immediately put my mind at ease, especially as I read that other boarding places wouldn't allow you to go back and see the grounds. I left my dog, and when I picked him up later that afternoon, he was obviously tired and happy.  I took advantage of the 3 free days of doggy daycare leading up to our trip, so he had absolutely no anxiety about being left for the long weekend. We were sent pictures of him playing while we were gone.  I expected to only leave him there while we were out of town, but now I find myself taking him back once a week for day care because he loves it so much! As soon as we pull up, he starts whining and dancing to get inside, and once we're in there, he runs to the back, licking every employee on his way, without even looking back at me. All the employees know him by name, and it's obvious they love taking care of the dogs. But best of all, is when I pick him up at the end of the day, my one  year old Australian Shepherd who seems to have an unlimited supply of energy is happy to snooze for the rest of the evening, perfect for when we need a quieter night at home.  I'm sure there are other great places to leave your dog, but if they won't even answer the phone or respond to your online inquiry (after their answering service directs you to do so), how can you ever judge their services? Besides that, it makes me nervous that if I needed to, I wouldn't be able to get in touch with them if my dog was staying there.   Doggie District not only takes good care of their doggy guests, but their human clients as well, and that makes all the difference for me.
