4 We have been coming to Ultra Cleaners now for about six months and our experience has been great.    Ultra is your traditional cleaner.  Shirts for about $2.25, etc.    There has been no drama, or damage to anything we have brought to them, unlike that chain here in the valley.  You ask for medium starch, you get medium starch.  They do a great job and it's ready the next day!  Like fellow Yelper Roland W., I love these guys and believe they are truly exceptional.  Enjoy!
2 Most experiences were fine, with the exception that they seemed a little inconsistent in their pricing. This was confirmed a few months ago when I dropped off a blue dress. My friend picked up the blue dress to borrow, wore it, returned it to be cleaned again. Pricing was an additional $5.00 the second time, for the exact same dress, no stains, nothing out of the ordinary. I showed the cashier my receipt from dropping off the dress the week before. No budge. Not even an effort to explain the pricing difference or an offer to honor the price. He just shrugged his shoulders and said he didn't know why the price was different. Unusual business ethic.
1 I think this place is way overpriced for what they are willing to provide with service and customer experience.  I've been in debates with the individuals who work there over things such as stains, etc.  The price point does not match the level of work, I have had to leave multiple items more than once because stains were not treated or followed up effectively.  If you know there is a stain on an item, and you treat it (once, twice, etc.) and it does not come out, maybe you should be proactive and point it out to the customer and discuss options (e.g., additional treatments, refund, partial refund)--instead of charging me and hoping I don't see what was left behind.  This location is extremely close to my house, but I will be going out of my way to not use it.  Unfortunate.
4 It is now over eighteen months since we started coming here.  We have found Sean and his family run business to be great!  I wrote my previous review after waiting six months following a very bad series of incidents at another cleaner -- which has a chain here in AZ.  At this other place, the pockets on my dress shirts started ripping at the inside corners from rough ironing.  The kids who work there weren't of any help to us. Finally the absentee owner finally got involved and gave us a credit on future business for the damage.    Okay, so much for the history of how we came to Ultra.    NEVER again will we go to a chain.  Family run businesses care much more about getting it right and pleasing the customer.  Mr. Sean, as we call him and his family have been great to us.  We've used all the services, from comforters, to alterations, dress shirts, suits, you name it.  I'll say it a third time, they're great!  A shout out to Yelp'er Roland W, who when we were searching Yelp for a new place had posted a nice review.  Thank you!
1 Quick service but less than competitive pricing. Advertise $1.79 shirts but by my math, was charged over $4.60 per pair of pants. Hard to determine as receipt offered no detail. Convenient location for me but not worth the price.
1 What a joke.  The price to dry clean one men's wool suit was $23?!  Way more than they told me on phone. Maybe it was because I brought in their 50% off coupon?  Regular price across the street is $14.  Don't know the quality of their work but it won't matter with those prices. Too many other options.
