5 If you want to see the best in local art right now, you will always have ample parking!  Last week, to indulge and share my Tea Infusion iced tea addiction with my friend Blair, we hit up the Market place and I stopped in my tracks-is that....art? Real art in the window? ASU? Night reception on June 26th? We immediately agreed we had to come back.   As we dressed up and got some white peach iced tea, it was all true-ASU has been able to secure a space in Tempe Market Place for everyone to enjoy. the space itself is huge with high ceilings and stretches farther back than I thought possible. The gallery director and MFA candidate Michael up front was very sweet and direct, telling us how this dream became a reality and the venue has been overly accomidating. There must be some good people at this malls since music has been a key feature with Clap Your Hands and Say Yeah!, Girl Talk and Rogue Wave have played here for free-and now amazing art?!?  Anyway, the exhibit up now is based mostly on sculpture, with David Youngs mostly hollow 15 pound balls stealing the show, most with video cameras you can view at a desk with several alarm clocks ringing in at 12:51am. Damien Johnson had potted cacti cleverly sculpted to spell out Urban Sprawl. Victoria Altepeter had a beautiful assortment of trinkets while Lynette Anderson had a silver tray laser cut with to show silloutte of children with embrodery. I loved Jesse Armtrongs army of avocado mold porcelan creatures with rubber encased grass "arms", resembling jelly fish. Other sculptural pieced involed commentary on dogs and violence, cows and commodication of food, plastic and death, Brittney Spears, and giant bronze pieces.  It was simply outstanding.  They will be rotating a show every month, and are open Tuesday through Saturday 6pm-9pm. Brave the mall-there is a great reward for you!
4 Great place to see up-in-coming artists while they are still students at ASU. No entry fee, but drop something in the donation jar.
5 This quaint, hound-themed night gallery is a great display of local artists' work and the wide mixture of media and take on the canine spirit is fantastic. Even though it only took us 20 minutes to walk through, admire, and discuss the different pieces, it was a fun way to support local artists. When I went, there were even 2 pieces with which the viewer could interact!
