5 Wow...this place is fabulous.  On my recent visit to Madison, I was heading down State with my pals visiting all the old haunts when I saw one of the most beautiful dresses I've ever seeen hanging in a store window, surrounded by two other beautiful dresses.  Well, I took note and a-shopping I went the next day.  No sooner, the dress was removed from the manequin and became mine!  I wanted to buy so many of the dresses.  There were dresses from casual to formal, all very original styles and not a shabby fabric among them.  They do have a small collection of shoes and costume jewelry as well.  Don't forget to ask to borrow some shoes so you can see your dress at its best while trying it on.  There are lots of cute tops as well.  The woman at the counter eplained to me they do bridal parties as well.  I saw many potential bridesmaid dresses as well as dresses that would work for the mother of the bride.  Many of the dresses were formals to wear out on the town, some with very vintage looks.  While not overpriced, expect to pay market price for a vintage dress, though there are sale racks.
4 Can you say "Breakfast at Tiffany's", "I Love Lucy", and "The Honeymooners?"  Classic vintage - after lunch at Wasabi (see review) Jennie & I caught some cute shoes in the window.  We went in, the style was only available in a 6.    Damn.  I'm an 8.  I've come here previously for some of my most intimidating power suits for negotiations and just plain "I-look-REALLY-good-in-this..."  Heading to the rear of the store my eyes light up.  A-line dress. 1940's/50's. Classic Black.  It's calling to me; it says in the words of "Dee-Lite", "try me on, I'm very You..."  I piece through, small...  medium... large!  (hey, these grandmotherly hips of 52" are NOT in denial...)  I try in on and step out.  "OMG China, that's it.  I squeal, pose, turn, pose some more in the mirror and am trying to think where I can wear this dress in Madison that it will be appreciated.  (Still thinking...)  But, I break out the Visa Debit card & get rung up along with a white cover up and a black and silver clutch to complete the ensemble.  I know I have shoes at home somewhere to complete this look...  Not cheap but definitely not break the bank.  I enjoy and will return.  Again.
4 Max and Cleo! My favorite dress designer, and they carry many of their styles. They also carry really tacky prom like dresses, but that doesn't matter much when there are so many unique work/casual/wedding reception dresses to be found here. Lot's of sizes, too! I am petite, and there were plenty of xs and 2-4 styles.
4 My fiancée got her wedding dress here! The selection is unique, outrageous, and well worth a look. They have some very strange looking clothing here, but mixed in are some gems. Their clerk was very helpful and polite, and made us feel welcome.
3 If you're looking for a bridesmaid dress, prom dress, fancy-shmancy ball gown, or a cute dress--here's the place to do it. I've used this place a few times over the years: I got a dress here that I used for my senior high school play in 2007 and I recently got some cute accessories from here too.  That said, the really good looking dresses are a little steep: $150-180 for some of the dresses I saw there. This isn't the most ridiculous prices ever, but for a college student wanting to wear something nice, it's perhaps something I have to re-think. I wish they had more casual dresses, though, instead of formal items.
