5 My A/C stopped working, of course, on a Sunday morning.  I called Alternative Air and they picked up the phone within a few rings (I had expected to have to leave a message and wait for someone to get back to me). They dispatched a technician (Ray) within a couple hours and diagnosed the problem quickly. The parts were not on the truck at the time, so he came and fixed the A/C on Monday morning without an additional service charge.  I was extremely impressed many aspects of the service: promptness, courtesy, friendly communications, ease of scheduling, reasonable rates & no extra charge for weekend service.  I will definitely call Alternative Air for any future issues with my HVAC.
5 We have been using Alternative Air Heating & Cooling for 2 years now since we moved to Maricopa! This company is honest, trustworthy, EXCELLENT!!!  Will continue to use their service!! They were just out yesterday to service our air and as always, courteous, prompt, helpful and reasonable rates.   Highly recommend this business!!!
3 A/C went out about 9 pm on a Fri night.  Called Alternative Air at 8:00 am Sat. morning, left message; called a 2nd time, left another message.  We were about to try someone else when they returned our call  around 8:30 but could not come out until 3:30-4:00.  They called at 4:15 pm and said they would be here in 10 min., and then arrived 30 min. later at 4:45 pm.  It was just a capacitor, quick and easy fix, done by 5:00 pm - and charged $160!!!!  That seems a bit excessive for a 15 min. fix, and that included the time he sat in his air conditioned truck while writing up the bill.  Have no problem when earlier calls take longer than expected and arrive late for us, but don't call at 4:15 and say you'll be here in 10 min and don't show up for 30 min.  You can get anywhere in Maricopa in 10-15 min. max.   He should have said he'd be here in 30 min., not 10, and it would have been okay.  He was courteous and professional otherwise, got the job done - but still think $160 for a 15 min. job is ridiculous.   One other thing, they don't itemize the billing, just a flat $160.  Did not break down how much for the part, how much for labor.  I don't think the capacitor could have cost that much, and if you figure about $100 in labor for 15 min., that comes to $400 an hour labor charge, assuming with mark-up about $60 for the part.   Think we might try someone else next time.  Prices should be estimated before the work is done - sort of too late once they do the work and hand you the bill.
5 yes,  yes,  yes. true example of great and fast customer service,  I had contacted another local AC company from yelp last week but they never showed up,  today was my first available day off,  so I've been miserable for a week now, I woke up found this company and based on reviews gave it a try, I called them at 8:22am, they tech Jamie showed up at 10:30 on the dot as promised, checked my attic,  told me the problem and cost to fix and now I'm sitting on my couch with that beautiful cold air blowing at 11:30, a week of suffering resolved in a hour, my only complaint is that I didn't call them last week. .i will def use them again if necessary and recommend them,  being a homeowner in Maricopa I'm happy to give a local company my business. . nice job
