4 Three stars for the food, but bumped up a star for the outstanding service.  Logan's is a spartan warehouse inside, with the ubiquitous giant pipe ceiling, and cement floors with a chaste smattering of peanut shells.   We were seated and then pretty immediately given a few warm yeast rolls with whipped butter. The rolls were just ok- a little tough and yeasty for my taste. Hubby thought he had just about died and gone to heaven with the big bucket of roasted and salted peanuts on the table. I had a couple and they were tasty. Waters and our drinks came pretty quickly as well. My strawberry margarita was pretty good, and Hubby got the most exotic beer they had- Killian's.   For our main entrees, Hubby had a NY strip and I had a rib-eye. Both arrived more medium than the medium rare we ordered, and when the server stopped by to see how things were, Hubby said the steaks were a little overdone. He apologized, and asked if we wanted new ones. We said, "no," and that it was ok, we didn't want to be wasteful. A manager was at our table a minute later, asking if we were sure. We were super impressed by this- 10x better service than when we last had complaints at the Four Seasons. The sides were alright- mushrooms were sliced and in a heavily seasoned broth, loaded baked potato was standard, but Hubby just loved his baked sweet potato with butter and cinnamon.  At the end of the meal, we were presented with their signature three-tiny-bucket desserts. We hadn't ordered it- it was a surprise comp. One bucket was a rich chocolate mousse with a peanut butter top, another was a hella-sweet warm hot-fudge brownie with a mini scoop of vanilla ice cream, and the last was a light cheesecake with strawberry topping. They were all tasty, but my favorite was the cheesecake. Then we got the bill. They had also given us half off both our steaks. We again were quite impressed. Logan's really went above and beyond to make up for a relatively small error. Naturally, we tipped based on what the bill would have been. We'll be back.
2 We've been to Logans half a dozen times.    The Good: all you can eat peanuts, all you can eat yummy buttery soft rolls, decent service, big portions.  The Bad: overcooked steaks and burgers on several occasions, lots of fried food - bordering on TGI Friday's bar food.  The Ugly: Stop freaking asking us if it is our first time here!  Seriously - every single time they ask us this and it makes them look like nobody ever comes back.  And how many hostesses does one place need?  I swear, they had 6 hostesses at the door all exuding insincere salutations.
5 We actually LOVE this place! I find it much better than Texas Roadhouse. The food is great, the service wonderful and the amount of time it takes to get seated is beyond amazing! Prices are good and I can actually have a conversation and hear what the other person is saying...unlike Texas Roadhouse. It is a good place! We will continue to come back.....
4 Finally tried a steakhouse that CA doesn't offer. ...The peanuts all over the floor was the first thing that caught my attention..we could just throw them on the ground?! Cool..until I saw that they were scattered on the floor in the booth areas where we sat, the crunching of my feet stepping on them just got kinda old quickly.   Menu had alot of steak and seafood choices, and a full bar. Steak was good but not good enough for me to finish, reminded me of Chili's. I got the Steak and Shrimp plate, which had plenty of fries, broccoli, 3 large buttered shrimp, but the steak should have been the center of attention!  Waiter was really cheerful, attentive, and gave us all the condiments we could annoyingly as him for. Steak plate here is around $20 a person, with 2 sides. Pretty good, but I'll try Texas Roadhouse in order to make up my mind.
2 This was my first time here. It looked very similar to a place back in Ohio called Texas Roadhouse, which was a great place to get a burger or steak. So, my husband and I checked it out.  Upon entering, it's not that bad. There are peanuts all over the floor. Which is interesting, but it adds to the rustic feel of the place and I kind of enjoyed the look. The hostess was very nice and we were able to get a nice little both.  Our waiter, however, must have been new because he kept messing up our order when he'd read stuff back to us. And then at one point when he refilled our drinks said, "Sorry, I'm just bored." Which seemed like a really weird thing to tell your customers.  The food itself wasn't bad. I had Roadies, which were just mini burgers and my husband had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. Both were decent, but I think in general, we've had better. The fries, I thought, were pretty bland.  That was about all of our experience, since we were in a hurry that night. I wasn't all that impressed by the place and I'm not sure if we'll be back.
3 Logan's is fine, but it's not all that different from every other peanuts on the floor steakhouse in the Valley. I'm afraid it just doesn't excite me much lately.  The food is fine. The rolls are good but very unhealthy; you'll be served an ample supply. The steaks are decent but not fantastic; the vegetable skewers and shrimp skewers are a much better option. If you want a BBQ pulled pork sandwich, head up the road to Famous Daves. These are bland and too sweet.  One big disappointment with Logan's are the salads. I love a salad with steak on it, but the options here are limited. Chicken, yes. Steak, no.  The frozen margaritas (strawberry, raspberry or peach) are fantastic, and they're half-priced during happy hour. After one or two, the pulled pork tastes better (ok, not really, but I don't mind so much).  One big negative: the noise. It's hard to hear your own thoughts in this place, even if you sit in the restaurant away from the bar. I've asked for the music to be turned down a bit, but it's never happened.
4 4/22/09  My daughter suggested we ago here after we tossed around a few suggestions.   It turned out they were having their "2-for $13.99" special and it was Happy Hour to boot--killer!  She got the Salmon and I got the 6 oz sirloin.  Both were delicious, though her salmon wasn't as moist as some I've had.  My skewered grilled veggies were wonderful, The "Brewskie onions" were disappointing, though they gave me a lot for 99 cents.  The mac and cheese was very good hot but got kind of gummy as it cooled off.  We got the 3 for $5 mini desserts which were all from heaven, gooey and rich and sweet and just the right amount to enjoy without OD-ing on the richness.  Oh and TWO margueritas for $4.50!  Wow.  Good ones, too.  We left happy and not broke.
3 Logan's vs. Texas Roadhouse...  After trying both, I'm still a bigger fan of TRH.  I'm not sure which came first, but going into Logan's I felt that it was the little brother of Texas Roadhouse so I didn't really expect much. The food was good, not great. Service was good. Maybe I'll have to try that 2fer deal and then we'll see...
4 I have been to this place twice so far.  The first time I had no idea what to expect since I never heard of it before.  I honestly have no idea what to compare it to but I guess the closest thing is Texas Road House judging by the reviews here on Yelp.  Anyway, I know its not the classiest joint with the best food, but anything is worth a fair shot.  The first time my wife and I went we were in the area doing some shopping and just wanted something quick and casual for dinner.  We didn't expect anything great but to be honest our expectations were exceeded.  The happy hour is pretty good.  $3 pints and 2 for 1 cocktails/wine.  Both times we went we ordered a 2 for 1 drink which would have been ok if they didn't charge too much for the first one.  I mean $5 for a small glass of Yellow Tail?  They are giving you 2 though so I can't complain too much I guess.  The thing we love about this place is the 2 meals for $13.99 special they have going on.  There are some pretty good options if you stay away from the fried stuff.  So far we have had the chop steak, steak and the salmon.  They are all very good and decently sized.  They prepare them however you want (sauce on the side, etc.) and everything comes with 2 sides.  There are 10 or so sides to choose from.  I get a side salad and some grilled onions or mushrooms to go with whatever meat I am having and they are always very good.  My wife always gets some sort of grilled vegetable and they are good as well.   The service is very fast and friendly and the food always comes out pretty quick.  Oh yeah, and I also am a fan of their peanuts as well as the rolls that you get to start.
4 Okay so I'm not usually a big fan of chains but we were out at Riverview and starving.  This was about the only place we had never tried before so it was worth stopping in.  I half expected Zombie Patrick Swayze to come out as our server ... this place LOOKS like the ROADHOUSE.    Anyways, I'm not in love with having peanuts sitting at my table.  If you have a peanut allergy you should not come here.  Also, if you like knowing where your food has been before you eat it, I would suggest not eating the peanuts.  Something about leaving salty child-sized food on a "family restaurant" table that worries me.    Anyways, our server was pretty awesome.  I'm usually unimpressed by the ASU student-turned-servers in this part of town but this kid was on the ball.  I tried the pulled pork sliders for my meal and I was pleasantly surprised.  Not fatty, lots of flavor, good bbq sauce.  Really a good meal.    This was a good experience and would probably sway me to go here over my favorite Chili's that is right next door.  They also have these little metal buckets that have chocolate shot things for dessert.  Didn't have one but I am totally tempted to go back just to try it.
4 From the outside, this place always looked so cheesy, especially whenever they were displaying their giant banners that advertised some deal they had going on.  Just a wee bit tacky in my opinion.  Inside is not really much different.  There are peanut shells on the floor and a nice little bucket of peanuts on the table for you people who cannot wait the extra two minutes for the yummy free bread to come out.  As far as the food goes, it's pretty standard, but solid.  Everything was prepared well and seemed fresh.  I ordered the meatloaf, not really sure why, but it was pretty good, but a little heavy on the onions.  Their mac and cheese was pretty basic but really cheesy and gooey which was perfect on the crazy rainy day we went there.  The service was pretty fantastic, and my drink never went empty.  Our server was a little frat boy for me, but he was friendly and made enough conversation to act like he cared, but not so much that I wanted to punch him in the face.   We'll probably go back at some point considering we find ourselves at Mesa Riverview and Tempe Marketplace rather often, but next time I am saving room for the mini bucket shot desserts.  You get to take the mini bucket home!
4 Ate at Logan's today with my boyfriend and his parents after we drove them to pick up a truck they were buying. I was happy to see that being Wednesday this location had the two meals for $13.99 deal. I ordered bbq chicken with a sweet potato and coleslaw, and my bf had the 6 oz sirloin with 1/2 rack of ribs added on. Oddly enough we switched because I was liking the steak more, and he had a taste for the chicken I ordered! The sweet potato with butter and cinnamon was perfect, and very big! Coleslaw ehh not so wonderful. Very bland even after shaking pepper for a few minutes (I will never add salt to anything!) so I didn't eat much of it.  The service overall was very nice. Although at first the hostess sat us at a small booth that could fit two comfortably even after we told her two more people were coming. So before my boyfriend's parents arrived we booth hopped to a six seater. If it had been lunch rush we would have dealt with the tiny top, but it was way past and we knew it wouldn't put any big groups on a waiting list. The bill came to around $40 and for four people that's impressive especially with the quality and quantity of food we had.  We will take advantage of the coupon left at our table for a buy one get one free meal on May 30th/June 1st for the Holiday.
3 Returned here a week ago for a friends' birthday dinner. The place was pretty barren, but for whatever reason we were seated near an "odd" family. Don't you hate that? When a restaurant has dozens of tables to choose from, but they seat you breathing distance from another table?   whatever  We were seated at a huge round table after most of our party got there, and got our drinks and orders taken pretty quickly. Our server was nice enough to bring a few pitches of water since that's all we were drinking. I ordered the hot chicks which were buffalo chicken pattie/things on yeast rolls with fries. I wasn't sure what yeast rolls were, but found out they're the rolls that you get pre-meal. Which was fine, but the rolls are super soft and I'm not sure if they complimented the hot chicks to their maximum potential.   Either way, I had enough to bring home leftovers. And for a little over $10 it wasn't a bad meal.
5 Love "The Logan" and ribs. The Staff is fun and can't get enough of the rolls.
3 Normally when I go to a restaurant I'm not annoyed when I'm given a kids menu. It's kind of a compliment since I'm twenty-four and a little sensitive about my age due to having a younger boyfriend.   However, when I came here with my family the other day the hostess placed a kids menu down for me and thus began the silliest most awkward situation ever. My usual response is to just push it aside where my little brother is seated. Well when I did this the hostess promptly put another one down for me. This was so silly to me and my mother that we both laughed (in a non-rude way) The hostess then looked at me as if I were a naughty child and said, "OH WOULD YOU LIKE A GROWN UP MENU??" There wasn't even a hint of playfulness in her voice. She was serious.  Just about everyone heard. Normally I'm a pretty polite customer but I just rolled my eyes and mumbled, "Yes, I'm twenty-four."  She didn't apologize and actually never brought me my own menu. I had to share with my MOMMY!  That hilarious story aside, the food is pretty good and reasonably priced. Their margaritas are buy one get one during Happy Hour so after a few of those the age situation was easily forgotten. My entire family ordered steak and said it was Houstons grade steak at Applebees price. I ordered fish and it was pretty good. They didn't charge me when I asked for a vegetable skewer instead of fries even though the skewer is more expensive on the menu.  Oh and also, I can throw my peanut shells on the floor. I feel like fucking royalty. The end.
4 So...  Full...   The portions are great, the rolls are even better...  Can't stop coming to this place...   Try the meatloaf!  and btw - don't be afraid of the Veggie Skewers...  They are awesome!
5 Came in here not knowing what to expect. My family was hungry and we left stuffed and content! The service was excellent! Very friendly server and manager. We were very pleased :)
5 Great place loved the pulled pork,  really friendly I will be going back
4 High heels, smooth floors & peanut shells. Not a good combination! That's really the only con I can come up with & it's partially my fault,,,,, damn my love of high heels!   I haven't been to many roadhouses, but I'm going to say that this one is lovely. It's nicely decorated, service is quick & friendly & the absolute best part, as it should be with all restaurants, is that the food was oh-so good!   I was there for lunch & had The Logan Sirloin 6 oz steak with a veggie skewer & a sweet potato. The steak was cooked to perfection, the veggies were delic & the sweet potato was good, but freakishly large.   All in all, the perfect lunch!
4 We just go there for lunch and its always very good.  I got a burger and a stella.  Both hit the spot.  Our bartender was spot on. Only complaint, please clean that crap up off the floor come on.
2 Peanuts and rolls with butter before your meal. Food is okay, prices are okay but not cheap. One thing they have going for them is an amazing peach iced tea. The unsweetened tea is so delicious! I probably wouldn't choose to eat here but have been here a couple times for group events. It's an okay chain place...pretty much sums it up.
4 I love how informal this place is. Peanuts are not one of my favorite things, but i love eating them here just because i can throw the damn shell on the floor.. for some reason it brings such joy to me.   I have heard the argument Logan's was before Texas Road house and vice-versa... both are good in my book, but each have a little something different to offer so you gotta try each one out and see the differences for yourself. Service was really good, food all came out exactly how we ordered it and fairly quick.   Had the potato skins to start(you feel like your gaining weight just looking at them, but damn they are good)... someone had the tilapia, another had these like chicken sandwiches, another had the steak(yum) and i had the baby back ribs which were perfection! The meat fell right off the bone. You can choose from about 15 sides and you get two with your entree.. mac n cheese, potatoes, sweet potatoes, coleslaw, veggies etc.. we all really enjoyed everything. Can't tell ya about the dessert to full to get any. Also try one of the Hard iced teas... it was a  party in my mouth ..refreshing and tasty  p.s oh and bathrooms were very clean.. always a thumbs up for that!
2 They must have had a different Juan cooking in the back. Because something wasn't right.  First time we went. I loved it.   BUT... When we went back... this past weekend. TOTAL let down. One of the worst steaks I've had in a long time. Way to dry. No flavor at all.   I love Logan's. But damn...They need to step it up.
2 Horrible..sat at the bar we ordered app sampler. The only thing on the plate that was good was the celery sticks. I could of bought frozen boxed apps frome the store and been way more happier. Bland, not cooked well crap food.  If your into free peanuts there are other way better choices out there.
5 Good atmosphere, good food and the I think peanuts on the table and floor is great!  LOL.  The rolls they serve are really good too.  They have quite a few items on their menu that are super tasty and we have yet to have a bad waiter.
3 Food is pretty good. Large portions, take home half. Noisy...
5 This place gets extra points because of Tim ! They got throwed rolls, strawberry storm in mason jar, and peanuts on the floor. Once in a while, you gotta hit up the roadhouse and tie one on.  Oops! I forgot to mention that the food was also delightful! I asked for a roumalade to go with the fish and chips I ordered and they did not know what I meant but they were so helpful.  Turns out that they do have it but they just call it sauce.
3 I have been here three times now and have had mixed feelings about his place. The first time I went was a wonderful time. Great food, great service, and price was just right.   Second time was very lack luster. After the great time I had last time I thought to bring my family because of my high expectations. This time we were greeted by the hostess who took our names down said 15-20 min wait. We were waiting for some time and after 20 I thought OK it was busy so whatever that can't be helped. As I noticed further there were people who JUST walked in and got a seat. I would like to say that these people were not ones who had a reservation because they came in took there name down like me then 2min later were seated. We were forgotten plain and simple. I waited a little longer to see if we would be noticed. It happened again. Then the last straw was that a group of 15 people walk in and were seated before us. The first girl the hostess seemed alarmed that we were not seated and said "oh my god she forgot you." it wasn't until another waitress came by and said that they had a reservation. They way she said that to me seemed like she just didn't care. The hostess saw us to our seats right away. The waitress then had was much more enjoyable than the other one. I wish I got her name because she was very helpful and apologetic towards us. The food was wonderful and the price was great. Other than the first encounter it was an enjoyable dinner.   The third time was a nice evening. It was myself and my boyfriend. Seated in about 15 min on a busy Wednesday night. The waitress was very attentive and got out orders in and out in no time. Kudos to the cook that night my steak was grilled perfectly.   Overall I am not sure what to make of this place. The service seems to be a 50/50 when you go in. The food is great and the prices at that place just can't be beat.
1 Service was good.  We won't be returning, though.  They are trying to be like TX Roadhouse, with the peanuts. Which is fine, but they are so overpriced, and the food was horrible!  The only thing we liked was the bread, and the baked potato soup was wonderful.  I got filet mignon. and a sweet potato. Both tasted horrible (how do you ruin those?).  The filet had waaaaaaaaay too much seasoning on it and I couldn't eat it. No clue what they did to the sweet potato. The waitress asked if we wanted to talk to a manager; I said no, this is our first time here and we won't be returning due to price and qualilty, and no need to talk to a manager about it.   My hubby got an appetizer for his meal and it was quite small, so if you normally do that kind of thing, beware that it is a smaller portion.
5 My fiance and I have gone here twice for dinner. We have been seated right away and the hosts were very nice (opening the door for us, saying hi/bye as we came in and left). The rolls are indeed the best! Mmm, honey butter... My fiance has liked his seafood ok the last couple times and the little mini "porkies" are delicious. They are served on those yummy buttery rolls. They may just need a side of bbq if you're used to sloppy bbq as opposed to dry. Not sure how I feel about those peanuts. We used to have  Lone Star Steak House back in Illinois that was not allowed to do that due to health code violation?
2 I use to go to Logan's in Tennessee when I was in the army. I'd normally get so sloshed it didn't matter what the food tasted like, but now the chain has been in AZ for a while and I no longer drink. This place has good rolls and sweet tea. That's it. Don't expect much here.
5 LOVE this place.    Food is always good, service is always good, and the Roadhouse Cherry Limeade is ALWAYS good.  Easy for datenight of for family night with a rambunctious 4 year old.
2 Fast no wait seating on a Saturday night! The prices are way higher then they were when Logans first opened, but the food quality is about the same, so not a very good value. The service is very slow once you are seated, and you can only see the TV's from a few seats in the house, so if you plan on having a steak and watching the game, you must be particular about your seat, or go to Texas Roadhouse instead!
2 Fast no wait seating on a Saturday night ...but be prepared to pay for substandard food!
2 Food was decent. Service was nice, however waiting for our table to be called we were passed over numerous times. I won't be going back here again
2 Came over here today to give Logan's a try.  I ordered a New York Steak medium well, & it came out well done, very dry, not particularly tender, & with quite a bit of gristle.  Robyn N. joined me, & while the company was great, the steaks I've had recently at two different locations of Texas Roadhouse & also at Outback were much better, so I'm pretty sure it will be an only visit to this place.     :-|  11oz. New York Steak, baked potato, house salad, warm roll:  $16.99
1 I have gone to this location on 2 different visits. 1st visit to sit at the bar and watch the yotes/blackhawks game. I ordered the NY strip Med and 2 vegetable skewers. When I get my steak I cut into a raw cold piece of meat. I sent it and then proceeded to get a well done piece of meat. I asked the bartender if he ever ate steaks here and he said he had one before he came in. The 3rd steak came out I cut into and me and the bartender both agreed it was med, but what nearly killed me was the ton of seasoning the chef must have put on my steak. I have never drank so much water after eating a steak. My 2nd attempt to eat here was last week on their dime. I ordered the porterhouse and again was served a raw disaster; I ate only because I had been up quite early and hadn't eaten lunch. The waitress asked me why I didn't ask for it cooked more. My reply was I was hungry and last time it came out way saltier than before. She went and got her manager and he proceeded to tell me that a Porter house is best served med-rare. I said well I have been eating steaks for quite a few years, I am 47 and grew up in Texas and I have never heard that. I told him to keep his gift card and left. I would rather eat at Outback or Texas Roadhouse where I can always get a steak done right.
1 We met friends here on a Tuesday night and this place was packed; we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table.  I have no idea why this place is so popular.  It is like a more expensive version of the Texas Roadhouse chain of restaurants (except Texas Roadhouse is much better).    For starters they bring out a complimentary basket of freshly baked rolls.  These rolls would be good, if they were not covered in some sort buttery, greasy, glaze (thank you for contributing the obesity epidemic in America).  I had one of their "signature" 8oz steaks with onions and onion strings.  I ordered the the greasy garlic butter on the side to avoid the heart attack.  I had the side salad and Mac and cheese for my sides. I'm pretty sure the Mac and cheese sauce was from a box.  The steak was DRY.    From what I saw, everyone else's food was ok...nothing special.  At least  our server was very friendly and attentive...this was the only positive thing about the restaurant.    If you really want to eat a steak or some kind of BBQ meat at a place with peanuts all over the floor, just go to the Texas Roadhouse.  It is cheaper and much better.  Skip Logan's.
4 I checked out Logan's Roadhouse a couple of weeks ago for lunch. I picked up a buddy from Sky Harbor and this place popped into my head. We had a late 2 ish lunch so the place was not busy.  Our service was excellent, the soda refills kept us happy. But not as happy as those dinner rolls. My dinning companion had never been to a Logan's before, now he can strike one more thing off of his bucket list. I mean, aren't those dinner rolls to die for?  I had the pork chop along with the sweet potato fries. And let me tell ya, the pork chop was cooked to perfection, very juicy. And how can you go wrong with the cinnamon and butter in your sweet potato. I also had the perfectly cooked broccoli to balance out the meal.  And of course the perfect ending to a perfect meal was when my buddy pulled out his wallet to pick up the tab. It must have been the dinner rolls!
5 Everything was so delicious here for my first ever visit. The complimentary buttery rolls are huge and I had to force myself to not eat more than two because they are so good. My BBQ ribs fell off the bone and tasted great and fresh. I swear they put cinnamon and sugar on the sweet potato fries because they tasted incredible. even the broccoli tasted amazing! Dipped in some kind of lemon pepper sauce. I was impressed! They took two coupons and we even got a free dessert for a birthday. It can be a little pricey depending on what you get so I wouldn't come back without a coupon, but I'm just cheap like that. They have big screen TVs and a fun country/bar atmosphere. I like throwing peanuts on the ground.
1 I can't believe this place has that many stars! I trusted these reviews, as I am new to Arizona. This place is mediocre at best.  The food isn't good. At all.  The appetizers are like the ones you'd get out of the freezer section from the grocery store, except not as good.  The Caesar salad was horrible. Even the loaded baked potato was bland! How does that even happen?!  I will never go back, and I suggest you think twice before trying this place.
3 We were driving around Riverview and my wife happen to spot a sign on the window that said '2 Meals for $20 on Tuesday and Wednesday'. Since it was close to dinner time, we decided to try it.  I had the Mesquite wood grilled Pork Chop which was 1 pork chop with baked potato and apple sauce.  Since I just had a tub of popcorn from Cinemark, the 1 chop was dry and salty. The baked potato was smothered with butter and sour cream. I had to scrape half of that off. Mayo Clinic says 'If you want to cut down on your salt intake, eat at HOME'. I forgot what my wife had since it's been a month since our visit.
3 We came here last night for dinner for somewhere we have never tried before. Nice big parking lot ,lots of room. The place was semi busy for a Thursday night.  We asked for a booth, which we got in the bar area. We had enough time to fully read the menu before our server came to the table. Buckets of Peanuts adorn all the tables and you eat the peanuts and throw the shells on the floor. Which my girlfriend felt bad doing , but that is what everyone does here they tell us.  So we ordered our drinks, along with water. All came quickly, then ordered our food. A runner brought out the food.  I had gotten the Sirloin ,my girl got the Filet mingon. Both were cooked perfectly,that is an A t. However the runner said, we are out of Baked Potaoes. What would you like instead?   How do you run out of Baked Potatoes at 6:45pm when you are a Steak house???? Anyway after that we ordered the Sweet Potaoes, They came out shortly after, and it was all good. I think it is very high priced for a low end place. Plastic glasses and a very rough look in the place. They may be going for Rustic looking, but all I see is a cheaply made room. It is an odd vibe here, can't quite put my finger on it. But, service was slow ,our server seemed as if she had too many tables and was stressed out.  So I do not blame her.  We won't return, too many good choices out there for the $$. Also the restrooms were dirty and not kept up.
3 They charged my card $3 more than the total I put it on the receipt! Hmmm
5 This location has never let us down.  Drinks always full, awesome filets and I can't get enough cinnamon apples.  :)
4 Have had two different experiences! One time food not cooked well, poor service! I would of given it one star, BUT, have been back several times, and it was great!!! So I will forgive and forget! Lol
1 Have been here a few times with the family.  Recently went with a large group that included my sons who are 6 & 9.  My boys both had the popcorn shrimp off of the kids menu and all of the adults had steak, pork or chicken. Kids got very very sick within 15-20 minutes of eating and could barely walk out on their own.  When I attempted to call management to make sure no one else got sick, some girl answering the phone (giggling the whole time) said she was a manager and "oops," did I want the General Manager to call back tomorrow, I said yes and you guessed it I've never heard from anyone.   Don't chance it. Food is overpriced and below average, not very flavorful just drowend in bbq sauce, Not cooked correctly, gave my children horrible food poisoning, servers are not always good they tend to just disappear.   Much better places at better prices!
1 I feel.... accomplished.   I lost 15 lbs.   I didn't slip and die.  My husband didn't crash and burn from a peanut allergy. Not that I'm about here to sit and bitch about peanuts or how far from hygienic peanut shells all over a floor is... Or how bad peanut dust coating every fixture looks. Nah. Not gonna bitch about the ambiance, since it's a road house. Kinda cute.  What I am going to choose to whine about and kick up that peanut dust over... Sand. All. Over. My. Sweet. Potato.  That's right.  Sand  Black, gritty, nasty, sand.   Sand that filled my open mouth when I was expecting the awesome bite of cinnamon and sugar and sweet potato and and and marshmallows... But no. Sand. Sand filled my senses with it's gritty, iron tasting nastiness. And much to my horror... It was ALL OVER my plate.  The waitress AND manager argued with me over the fact it was sand. They tried to say it was cinnamon. Allow me to launch a contradiction, my friend, cinnamon is not gritty and sandy and does not shine like ground glass when I swipe my finger over my plate and show you.   Finally when I continued to insist and yet ANOTHER manager came over... They digressed and admitted it was sand and apologized profusely.  Fine. Free meal that was ruined. Great.  And then it continued.  EVERYONE and I do mean everyone, that ate dinner at my table (Hubby, a friend and myself) suffered a GREAT round of the almighty needle hole. You know... When your #2 is the consistency of #1 and you could squirt through the eye of a needle? Yeeeeeah. I'll leave you with that repulsive thought and know that no less than 40 minutes after vacating the Logan;'s Roadhouse premises we were ALL hit with that lovely and intense urge.  And it continued  For a day and a half.  Though I have to say the steak was tasty and I sincerely thank them for the crash diet.   Thumbs up pause NOT!
5 All I wanted was a freaking awesome tasting burger and that is what I got! I also ordered the homemade potato chips and did not want to share it with anybody. They tasted so good. The service was awesome. Love the free peanuts and bread while you wait for your meal. What a clever idea.
4 OK. I was scared at first but now I'm a fan. My BF isn't known for having exceptional taste in food. His idea of gourmet is In&Out.  Yeah...... But it was his b-day so he gets to choose right! This place rocks a 2 dinner meal with 4 sides total for under 20 rocks! Scary huh, the steak was delish & I'm so picky that I don't hardly eat steak not off my grill because I'm a food snob. Loaded mashed potatoes, loaded sweet potatoes, sautéed mushrooms..... It was all good. For as packed as it was on a weeknight the food came out quick & the waitress, god rest her soul for putting up with us (me primarily), was on the ball. I'll definitely tear this joint up again. Way to go BF!
4 We started with the mushroom appetizer - deep fried and dipping sauce is horseradish flavored - very delicious!  I had the grilled salmon with sweet potato and broccoli - all perfectly prepared - my date had the talapia - for dessert we had the brownie and ice cream which was enough for at least 4 people!  All this food for $19.99 M thru W.  Our server was excellent also. A fantastic deal and the food is excellent.  We will definitely return.
1 One word describes the food here...HORRIBLE!  Everything was salty! From the appetizers to the salad and soup. WAY too much salt, we couldn't even eat our sample platter because of the over seasoning. I seriously tasted salt in my mouth for 2 days after eating here and felt sick. I love salt. I practically drink soy sauce so you know it's REALLY bad when I say something is too salty.  I also had a salmon Caesar. Salmon was over cooked, lettuce soggy, and again salmon, salad SALTY! They need to keep their cooks away from the shaker!
4 We love their mid week 2 dinner specials. The steaks that come with those specials are tiny, but I shouldn't be expecting more when I'm paying less. I love their mushroom appetizer, they're very tasty. The wait staff is very kind and go the extra mile for us which makes this place very welcoming. Their Happy Hour prices and hours are nice and easier to catch than other places. The banana cream pie dessert is super sweet but yummy. Their rolls are soft, hot, and delicious.
5 Great food, great staff.  No reservations cause they don't take them so we waited more the 35 min.  The manager noticed & provided us with a free appetizer.  Good recovery!  Steaks were the bomb!  Our waitress was outstanding!  Will be back for sure!  Prices were very reasonable!  Lots of TV's for football & bar seemed to be busy & fun!  This is a most stop & eat place!
3 3 stars is generous.  So close yet so far  away. Menu is great and I was surprised to see lots of combos for surf and turf. The server was young but very attentive but not overly. I thought the prices were very reasonable for a steakhouse.   Contrary to what you might think, it's better to eat at a restaurant when it's busier rather than slow. Good cooks get "in the zone" and rock it out when it's busy. When its slow they space things off and in this case forget to flip my supposed to be mid-rare ribeye before it was too late and over cooked.   Jen's steak was overcooked but not as bad. They must have been cooking a lot of fish because the grilled vegetables had that added flavor of old seafood. Not a combo I would have visioned but hey maybe some people like that warm fish taste all over their zucchini.  Great pun!  I'm hilarious. I had a great follow up joke but Jen wouldn't let me post it.   My mom ate til she was burping full and liked it a lot but she's 79 and was dipping the celery from the app sampler into the marinara so in not sure if her stamp of approval counts.   It will probably be back but not for a while. The menu and staff made the visit pleasant but the kitchen did the opposite. I would rather have a horrible waiter and good food.
4 Everything thing I've tried here is good! This isn't the place for people with peanut allergies because there's a bucket of them on the table.   The burger, appetizers, fries, and chips are great. I liked that the cheese in the cheese sticks were extra stringy. My steak could've been juicer but the portion was good. The pick 3 appetizers was good to split between two people and not too much that we couldn't finish our regular meals.   This place is clean other than the peanut shells on the floor but that's part of the look. I likes the service. Our waiter was good with refills and checked up on us at the right times. I appreciated that they have you check on your steak when they bring it to you.   I would recommend the Fried Cheese Burger and the Steak&Shrimp Combo.
5 Stopped in for reverse happy hour. Awesome drink specials..2 for one well drinks and 5 dollar long islands. Grilled wings were so tasty and fried pickles were yummy! Vanessa was our bartender and she was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu!
5 We love Logan's. We eat there 2-3 times a month. Their Mon-Wed special, 2 meals for $14.99 is a GREAT deal. If you just drink water with your meal you can eat there for under $20 for two people and eat steak and salmon. YUM! Love their service and their rolls are awesome.
4 When staff, or friends come in, they should seat customers by them.
2 Our waitress was a little weird.  She had dentures and kept spitting on my face unintentionally.  She told us she had dentures.  She made weird inappropriate jokes that made us uncomfortable.  The food was not too bad but not memorable either.  Both the hubby and I agree we might go back but have to get over our last visit first.
3 We came here on Saturday night. Wasn't entirely full, but still had a 15 minute wait. Sarah was our server and did an excellent job. Waited a few minutes for the bread to come out and had to remind her to bring it. No probs. Appetizer was good. Salads came out timely. Food came out and I was missing the sauce for the shrimp appetizer. but got some cocktail sauce instead. Food was OK. Bread was OK. Not sure if this place is on a "gotta go back soon!" place, but it was fine. Portions were good. Price was on par. Sarah was good.
3 Went there this past weekend, took my mother out for a late Mother's Day dinner and she wanted a place she could have a steak, and I suggested Logan's and since she hadn't been there, she said Yes! Server was not well versed on their beers and didnt explain the sides or anything to us, we had to ask what the entrees come with. Food came out after a little bit of a wait but the 8oz sirloin was done just right, Skewer of mushrooms was tasty. The bread they serve before the meal was good, could have used another basket while we were waiting but oh well.
2 Wanted to give a 1 star, but service was alright...  Don't know who came first, Texas Roadhouse or Logan's, but Logan's seem to be a blatant rip-off and a poor substitution for T.R.  First, the rolls came to the table with what seemed like a hair on the roll, right on top, buttered onto the roll.  The friend I went with freaked out; I looked carefully and saw it was synthetic, like a plastic or vinyl sliver.  I'm in the food business, stuff happens, I'd just brush it off, but friend was freaking out.  Sent it back, got new rolls and was informed it was the bristles from the butter brush.    Meats were all tough and definitely not for foodies.   Even after ordering mine medium-rare, closer to rare, the 16 oz ribeye I got was tough, dry, and flavorless.  Yes, it was overcooked and I didn't send it back, but I know meat and it wasn't good.  I can't remember the time I brought back an entire steak for my dogs.    I'd recommend going to Texas Roadhouse if you want that mid-entry level steak with the roadhouse atmosphere.
4 I'm a regular here. I've had about everything on the Monday-Wednesday menu. I think the salmon and BBQ chicken are my meals. Sweet potato fries and cinnamon apples are the only sides I've ever had here. Hahah.   The bread is straight addicting! So buttery!
5 Love it great service ... Great food come on happy hr and Monday to Wed you will save tons of $$$
1 The only reason I gave it 1 star was because the waitress was excellent and caring. This was my first time eating at a Logan's, and it will be my last. The rolls were brought to our table and the first bite I took I broke a molar on something hard that was in it. When I spit it out it looked like a large piece of coal or something charred. I had bitten down on it and it cause my molar to actually crack. The pain was horrible, and because of it, I was unable to eat the steak I had ordered. The waitress went to the manager, who promptly came out, and without any apology or the remotest sign of concern, requested my name, address, and phone number, to turn over to corporate. No offer of a discount, no further concern for how the pain I was in or the fact that I could not eat the steak I had ordered. I still was not concerned, and was willing to give them a chance. UNTIL, corporate called me. I was unable to take the call when they phoned me the next day, but I did call back to the number that was left in the voice mail, that day and every day since, several times a day. The person who had phoned me was from their loss prevention, Tanya Etheridge, and she has not returned my call since, nor does she answer her phone when I call.  I will have to pay the dental bill for this, and have been in pain since this occurred and I did not even receive the courtesy of concern or a call back. The managers only concern was the possibility that I might be a sue happy person, that was why she wanted to get my information to corporate as soon as possible.
5 I was pleasantly surprised.  I had the rib eye.  It was delicious!  The service was awesome as was the manager. The rolls they give you are fresh hot and delicious. I'm sure I have found one of my new favorite places.
3 Fantastic if you're looking for the 2014 version of Sizzler. Crying babies, Wal Mart refugees, jumbo tables of loud families, over cooked steak, mailer coupons offering 25% off.   If you are on a tight budget or a family of 6+ this is the place for you. Looking for a romantic dinner or an above average steak meal this isn't the spot.   Rolls are tasty.
4 Food is pretty good. Me and my grandfather went for lunch on a Monday and both had large meals with salads for $15. Very good deal. The bread is worth the visit by itself.
