1 I so wanted to like this place.  Stopped in on a Thursday night, giddy with dessert excitement.  It took awhile for someone to acknowledge us and take our order.  The waitstaff seemed stressed, annoyed, and inexperienced.  But at this point I'm still thinking it's all going to be worth it.  What a disappointment.  The desserts we tried were bland and dry.  I tend to like things that aren't overly sweet, so it's not that I was expecting an explosion of sweetness and flavor, but I was expecting *some* flavor.  Especially for the price!  Maybe they have something worth eating, but I'm not going to waste any more of my time or money to find out.  The one plus - the water must be filtered because it was actually drinkable.
5 I came to Sucré in a party of 8, including two little kids (3 and 7 years old), and I was afraid that would diminish our experience. But, that was not the case, the service was outstanding. Period. I also assumed we would be asked to sit outside, rather we were given the choice -- which may have just been a matter of good manners on the hostess' part. Regardless, I decided that we ought to sit outside so our younger dessert guests wouldn't disturb other couples. It was well after the girls' bedtime already, and being out on the town with the grown-ups that night was really special -- literally all the other diners at Sucré were obviously couples on intimate dates (appropriately, considering the hour).  My Sacher Torte was great, the girls each had Noir de Chocolat, which they LOVED pronouncing with a French accent (I feel sorry for their mother, these sprouts musta been bouncing off the walls for hours after ingesting that much chocolate!) My broher, a chef, split the Crème Brulèe Trio with his girlfriend, and they had the only complaint of the night -- apparently the texture was just (slightly) imperfect. But, like I said, he's a chef and therefore very critical of gourmet foods.  I will definitely be coming back, Sucré was nothing short of mind-blowing! And this, coming from a guy whose claim to fame in the kitchen is a Double Chocolate Torte... yes, I know gourmet desserts.
4 Sucre was a nice place, if a little pricy, but unfortunately it's closed now.
