5 These are the real pro's - serious mechanics.  They are not cheap but they do exceptionally good work and they are very honest.  I always take my cars there and I recommend them to everyone.    These folks have never tried to snow me of over sell anything.  The repairs are always "solid".  They also guarantee their work like no other shop I have ever been to.  I don't want to overstate anything so please do call them and find out for yourself, but my experiences with them have been exceptional.
5 I have been using Hi-tech Car Care for years.  I have a fleet of company trucks and they do professional work and back their workmanship up and only install parts that also back themselves up.  I love their maintenance program the best since they will help me out by dropping me off while they service my personal truck.   They have done so much work over the years for me from just a simple oil change to replacing a motor on one of my trucks (which I still use today).  The motor even came with a 100k mile warranty!  I especially like to use Hi-tech when I go out of town, they dropped me off at the airport while doing a 50k mile service on my personal truck and then picked me up days later.  I cant think of a better customer service auto service group.
5 As the owner of a 10 year old truck, I am frequently rewarded with opportunities to visit repair shops and partake of their services.  Up until now, I had never found a shop in Phoenix I felt I could trust, but at long last I have!  I have to say that my experience with Hi-Tech Car Care was unbelievably great.  Not only are they exceptionally professional, courteous, and prompt, but they also go the extra mile to ensure customer satisfaction, even going so far as to immediately arrange a rental vehicle when the repairs took slightly longer than anticipated.  I noticed some other reviewers mentioning their prices, so I thought I'd chime in on that too.  While it's true that their prices are slightly higher than 'discount' garages, all the prices seemed fair to me and were explained clearly (very important - I'm kind of dumb when it comes to cars).  Having been burned in the past by shoddy workmanship and low-quality parts from 'discount' mechanics, I prefer the peace of mind that comes from paying a fair price for quality, professional work.  In conclusion, I'm glad to have found Hi-Tech Car Care, and hopefully with their help, my truck will last another 10 years!
5 These guys are great! I was originally going to take my truck over to Danny's carousel for a wash and oil change because I live around the corner, but I've heard some shady things about that place so I decided against it. Ended up getting a wash at Lindstrom and found Hi-Tech on Yelp for an oil change. The service was outstanding, the guy who helped me didn't try to over sell me on a bunch of crap I don't need, and he got me in without an appointment because it wasn't too busy on a Thursday afternoon. Was in and out within 30 mins, not bad! I'll definitely be back for future changes.
5 Found my new shop!!!Jim was honest and straight forward!will def be back thanks hi-tech!!  Found my new shop!!!Jim was honest and straight forward!will def be back thanks hi-tech!!
5 Our son is due here very soon (like I could have him today if mother nature wanted..I'm 37 seeks), and I needed to get our new car seat installed ASAP.   I called and spoke with Jim at Hi-Tech yesterday and had a 3pm appointment all set up on the same day.    Jim was AWESOME in teaching me how to install a car seat, in multiple locations within a vehicle.  Very informative.  The only thing it cost me for the install lesson - 40 minutes of my time!  I'm confident that our baby boy will be fully secure in his car seat, and that makes me a happy mommy (to be)!
5 Excellent customer service! Monday I bought the livingsocial deal for three oil changes, good until 2015, and made my appointment for Tuesday at 1PM. Jim greeted me with a smile as I entered and made me feel welcomed.  Long story short, like Andy G (see his review on 1/14/12), I have found my new car mechanic. All of the employees were professional, very friendly and helpful. Regina very kindly shuttled me to and from the nearby Wal-Mart to kill some time while I waited for my car.  Everything checked out fine with no added extra charges or surprises. (whew!) I am so happy to have found Hi-Tech Car Care! Maybe now I won't go a year in between oil changes anymore? baaaaaaaaaad
5 Was able to make an appt to get my car seat installed the same day I called- very friendly and informative- I am now confident I can do it myself in the future.   Will come back for auto repair, very honest service!
5 This is the best shop I've been to in the phoenix metro. Very knowledgeable, respectful and honest. Jim, the owner, runs a great establishment. If your looking for car repair in the phoenix area, I highly recommend you take your car to Hi-Tech Car Care.
5 I took my 4Runner here last week for an oil change and check engine light and had a great experience. After a bad experience with another mechanic I decided to trust yelp and look for a new shop and I'm so glad I found these guys. The service is excellent and they offer drop-off and pick-up if you live or work in the neighborhood. They were honest, the prices were reasonable and they didn't  try to up-sell unnecessary services.  My car runs perfect and they washed it before I picked it up. If you are looking for a shop you can trust I would give them a shot!
5 Got a Groupon for this place, and have become a loyal customer.  The service is great.  They dropped me off and picked me up, and didn't try to oversell me on tons of things my car didn't actually need. Highly recommend it!
5 They always make the experience of automotive repair as comfortable as possible.  They get to know your needs and driving habits and give recommendations based upon what you truly need.    While others seem to make up items and only interested in their bottom line, they always work as though they put the customer first.    And who doesn't like a mechanic that has a strong warranty and puts in the good stuff that lasts instead of the cheap thing and only giving 90 day warranty.  Personally, I will take Jim and Hi-Tech Car Care any day.  Thanks guys!
5 I took my car to this place on faith of the good reviews that it got on yelp. I was not disappointed. Tom was a very friendly and candid owner and he told me what going on with my car and what could happen down the road if I didn't take care of a few things. This place is a very easy drop you keys and "FIX IT FOR ME" kinda shop. They do just about everything you could want done to your car. I just recommended this place to a friend and I will keep recommending this place to others.  Do your anxiety and doubts a favor and take your car here for your next tune up.
1 I had an extremely disappointing experience here, especially after hearing good things about their work. I'm more than knowledgeable about cars and do most of my own repairs. I brought my car in for an issue that was out of my league. Specifically a minor RPM fluctuation on deceleration around 25mph. I asked to go on the test drive with the technition but the manger Tom insisted that wouldn't be necessary, which I thought was weird but I took him at his word. After a series of "tests" the technition Justin concluded I had a blown head gasket, about a $2,500 repair. Not only would that not affect the issue I had originally brought the car in to begin with but knowing what I do about cars and engines I was extemely reluctant to believe that for I had no symptoms of a blown head gasket. They claimed to have done a block test but I wasn't there to witness it myself. They also claimed my car had overheating problems and was misfiring. Which was absolutely not true, I drive the car everyday all over the valley and have never skipped a beat. They were actually insulting my intelligence. When I asked to talk to the technition who worked on my car it took him almost an hour for him to come talk to me. Every question I had he would respond with an extremely rude and defensive attitude and eventually just up and left without saying a word. I took my car to TWO seperate shops and asked for a block test to be done infront of me and both tests confirmed I DONT have a blown head gasket. Hi Tech "Car Car" was about to take me to the bank without any real proof I had a blown head gasket. I honestly don't even recall him taking it on a test drive. They even left my cars front end smudged up with oil. They were going to charge me over $100 to tell me a complete lie but didn't in the end which is why 1 star was fitting. I didn't get screwed because I asked the right questions
1 I have taken my truck to them before.  Friendly staff, clean office, tons of awards on the wall.   Here's my story.  They said I MUST have new brakes and rotors. Almost $500!  My truck was starting slowly so the ran a compression test and said I needed a fuel pump. There's another $800! Hmmm, so with an estimate of $1300 I decided to get a second opinion.  Guess what, the second shop said the rotors could be turned and the brake pads were fine!!!  They ran a compression test and other tests and found out that the fuel pump was fine, the issue was the battery (which was under warranty).  TLDR, $1300 estimate for repairs that I pretty much didn't need.
5 I took my car in for a safety check before a long roadtrip. The guys at high-tech knew what they were talking about and even picked up on a few issues I had known about but were not easy to diagnose. They gave me a complete write up of what was needed and why, which I greatly appreciate.   They kept me safe on my 3k mile journey and I will be back for additional services when it's time.
5 When we walked in we were immediately professionally greeted with bottled water and sodas. Very friendly!!! We had an appt. with Jim and he was so courteous and helpful! Because of his service we will definitely be back to see him, and refer our friends and family as well!
