4 Being the dutiful Maid of Honor for my best friend's wedding, I had to ensure that the Las Vegas Bachelorette party I threw my best friend was one that she would never forget (especially since she's ultra high maintenance! ).  Feeling overwhelmed with planning the bachelorette party weekend, I contacted Vegas Bachelorette Service via their website. Within 24 hours, Chris Miguel, owner of Vegas Bachelorette Service (VBS) contacted me via both email and phone.  She told me about all the different services/packages they offered and after comparing other bachelorette services, I decided to go with VBS.  And I am glad that I went with them! Coordinating with Chris was a piece of cake! She promptly followed up on all emails and phone calls that I sent to her. She was always so professional and pleasant in all my conversations with her. Chris then set up us up with Charity, our host, for the night. Charity was also very pleasant and followed up promptly with texts and phone calls. Charity met us promptly in front of our hotel and offered to take pictures of us and in a couple of minutes, the limo that VBS coordinated came to pick us up and dropped us off at Vanity. Charity ensured that our VIP table was in a great place which was not too close to the dance floor. At midnight, I even get a text from Chris asking how everything was going. That was definitely a sweet gesture. With that, I am content that I went with VBS to coordinate the bachelorette party. Everything went smoothly!  Should I need to coordinate another party in Sin CIty again, I will definitely contact VBS. It was a pleasure working with them. Thank you, Chris and Charity, for ensuring the bachelorette party was a fun one and that the bride will always remember!
5 I cannot express enough gratitude towards Christy and Charity, who helped coordinate my bachelorette party last year!  This review is long overdue, but I had to make sure I let everyone know how great this company is, so sorry for the delay!  Last year, my amazing maid of honor worked with them to plan a 3-night bachelorette party with 22 girls.  I knew that it would not be an easy task, but the result of all of their hard work and planning definitely paid off!  That trip was perfect and could not have been planned better. Clubs and bottle service every night, limos and shuttle transportation to/from each club (including the strip club hehe), pool parties during the day and even a delicious 5-course dinner w/ a champagne toast! We were all able to party together and still talk about all the fun memories that we had - and now a year later, we're all itching to go back - and I will be tomorrow!  A trustworthy party planner is really hard to come by in Las Vegas, you always hear about people getting scammed and someone taking off with their money and/or credit card info, but you can be at ease knowing that this company is super legit and will leave you with the best Las Vegas experience EVER.  Since turning 21, I've been to Vegas probably 2-3 times every year (i'm not 28) and that trip was the best one by far.  When we got home, there were so many emails going back and forth between the girls talking about how much fun we had and how thankful they were for such an awesome experience.  Thank you Christy & company!! Charity, who was our host for the whole weekend and she always showed up on-time and with a smile on her face and kept us laughing and happy the whole weekend! You gals are AWESOME!!!!
