2 Overpriced, dirty, and bad service.  But they have a semi-decent booze section.  If I'm renting a movie at Superstar, my husband often talks me in to stopping at Basha's instead of Safeway.  I often argue against it.    I've never had a decent experience here and it's not like I'm looking for much.  Give me what I'm looking for, at a decent price, with a minimal amount of hassle and I'm happy.  But everytime I go to this place it's a f'in travesty.
1 The floors are dirty, the food is overpriced, there's never enough people at the cash registers (although there's rarely a lot of people in here) and I worry I may actually need something from the adjacent CVS pharmacy when I enter this place.  Please tear down and build an....LA Fitness or maybe a Sprouts or Whole Foods.
5 This old-school Basha's reminds me of PHX from years ago. The store IS old, which is part of the charm. You won't find LCD tvs telling you what to buy, you won't find a Starbucks in the store. What you will find, is all the groceries anyone needs, plus a healthy booze selection and best of all, easy parking- which allows for a quick visit.  On tonight's visit, I got all my stuff, checked out quickly and was on my way. In scanning other reviews, I am confused as to why prices were raised as an issue? The prices at this store were the same I see at Safeway, etc. except Basha's offers their discount card. Tonight, I saved $34 simply by entering a phone number in the computer (no, it doesn't need to be your number, or even a real number. I use the movie phone #)  I must admit a bias, I am very PRO small and locally owned business. I would much rather spend money which will stay in AZ, and that is another reason why I choose to spend my money at Basha's and AJ's.  If you're looking for a quick, positive shopping experience- this store will work great. If you require a spa-like aesthetic to conduct your shopping, this will not work out. This store is a throw-back to the old days when you just  needed a good spot to pick up some chow.
1 Okay,for the reviewers that noticed the alcohol section here,it belies your immediate surroundings. I thought Bahsa's were supposed to be a step up from Fry's or Safeway,however this one here will henceforth be known as CrackBasha's. What a nasty scuzzy tweaky place this is...It would behoove one to peruse and partake of the alcohol just to deal with the rest of the store. The lighting was akin to Bowery Bar ambiance,and yes,there was the line with only 2 cashiers and not even self checkouts. I'm all for quaint and ye oldee tymee and such,but this location is icchy. There were people wandering the aisles that looked like they should be in an M.Night Shamalamadingdong  creepcast. I can see it now... The Apple People... You remember when you were a kid and a craft project was to carve faces out of apples then let them sit and shrivel into old creepy faces? Well boys and girls,that's what happens when you consume way too much meth.You turn into one of The Apple People. Destined to set upon wandering the CrackBasha's for that loaf of pumpernickle bread you can neither afford to buy or eat because you are a crackhead and have no toofeses in your shriveled up apple people head. Just say "No" to CrackBasha's. Oh and don't see the movie when it comes out...It will go nowehere just like the Apple People of the CrackBashas.
4 I have to agree on certain terms with Anthony p. This place has everything that I could need on a night time grocery run, which is usually frozen pizza and toaster strudels. I have done a normal grocery run here and it's pretty much just full of old people. It's still cheaper than trader joes and Safeway.   More over, I don't really give any considerations to supporting a local business or not, as long as it is a good experience with quality goods. It is generally the same as the frys up 7th, but a whole lot less rapey. Cleaner and less drugged out clientele......I don't actually need to carry a gun to shop here.
1 For the love of God, please tear this location down or revamp it. The adjacent Campus Vista neighborhood is well kept up and this eyesore only serves to make the neighborhood seem run down and sketchy. There is always a security guard out front and a constant cast of unsavory characters every time I reluctantly venture in. Please make better use of this great real estate!
