5 Great people. Great idea. Wonderful experience!  Lots of unique wines to check out. Offering 2 flights (white and red) a week. Currently offering a flight with Maven Sauvignon Blanc, Hanzel Chardonnay and Corazon Gewurztraminer for $6.   Delightful atmosphere. Great enormous sandwiches. Have had both the pastrami and turkey and they were enormous and also available in 1/2 size.   Large selection of microbrews, too! Had a Moose Drool the first time and Buster Nut Brown Ale the second. The freezer in the back gives you the opportunity to go pick and choose what bottle you would like. It is the perfect opportunity to try a new crafted beer.  Intimate and unique to Vistancia. The perfect place to meet after work or for a weekend treat. Women will love the wine selection and men will go crazy with the beer choices. Plasma TV adds to the atmosphere too.  Lots of unique gifts are offered as well! Local photographer, Bob Davidson is offering a beautiful collection of photography including amazing monsoon sunrises and sunsets, a large collection of cactus flowers and local plants, and a unique view of the southwest lush with color that explodes. Whether it's my iconic "Coyote on the Wall", shocking lightning, double rainbows with cactus, unusual automobiles or macro-photography of local flowers, there is something for everybody!  All colorful prints are 8x10, matted, signed and easily framed in a standard 11x14 frame. These limited editions will make a wonderful addition to your home, make a great gift for that hard-to-please individual and for all those people who want the desert southwest as a daily reminder of where we live. Many have been seen on Channel 12's weather!   Co-owned by two Trilogy at Vistancia couples, this is a local establishment that deserves your business. Introduce to yourself to Rich and Julie when you stop by!
5 What a great place!  Great big delicious sandwiches, lovely cheese plates, great wines you don't find in the grocery and extremely friendly  owners and employees.  Did I say Cheers?  Open from noon to 9pm - 10 on the weekend, closed Sun.  I don't work there but will meet you at the bar
5 Hours are changed - open on Sunday from noon to 6pm, closed Monday.  They've added more tables and chairs.  And it's still the same great place!
4 As a bit of a  beer snob I was pleasantly surprised by their selection of microbrews...including the awesome Oskar Blues brand (best canned beer in the universe).  Food looked good, if you dig wine it is a place to hit up for sure. Next time I stop by I will order some grub and report back.  Probably the busiest place in Vistancia per sq. foot.  Good atmosphere, but some stuffiness from some of the Trillogy folk who apparently dont like people under 50 being around them-but that's cool.  I will be back.
4 Okay, I'm a bit torn on how to rate this one. I like a lot of it, and dislike a bit of it.  They have a decent wine selection, but I'm a fan of Rhones & Châteauneuf-du-Pape's...and the selection here lacks in that department. To be fair, the selection in a lot of places lacks in that department. The owners are super-friendly and the place is super clean! The cheese selection offers quite a few artisanals that are pretty hard to come by, along with a good selection of other cheeses you are familiar with. The deli meats are great, and the sandwiches are HUGE. Think about sharing them. For sure. Beer selection is good, and they have even ordered some hard-to-find stuff for us. I won't tell you what it is, because then it may not be there when I get back! My only problem with the place is size. They really need to double the space, just so there is some breathing room between tables. The tables need to be bigger too.  It's really hard to enjoy the nuances of a wine and great food when its all precariously scrunched together on a bar-height two-top that's serving duty as a four-top. A cigar-friendly patio would be awesome, also. If you were lucky enough to stop by when they first opened, you might have scored one of the few wine lockers they have. But, unless someone moves out of the area - I don't think you'll get that chance. I'd bet there is a waiting list. Luckily, my buddy scored the biggest one they have - so between his house, my house and the locker we usually have a few choices when we want to do some tasting on our own turf. So there you have it - a nice little place with wine, cheese and beer staffed by some great owners. Stop by and say hi to them. If and when Bob D. decides to pull his photos out of there, I think I will see if I can put mine in there. :) In the meantime - get down there today and buy some bubbles for tomorrow. They had a great selection last year. Happy New Year.
5 A classy little place on the west side. I like that they sell wine by the bottle, by the glass, and have a few beers on tap with a huge selection of micro brews in the fridge.  The staff is friendly and helpful. I like the pan inis and the cheese selection. I was stoked to find out they have live entertainment on Saturdays.  Sometimes they get crowded on Friday and sat nights so if you want a table for sure, you can probably call ahead and reserve.
3 My husband and I have been here twice and absolutely love the warm welcome provided by Rich and Julie, they have worked to bring the north west valley a much needed wine bar with staying power and they have the personality and vision to carry this off! I agree with another reviewer however that two things could really make this place go from good to WOW! One would be size and the other would be ambiance like big comfy chairs and couches that make me want to stay awhile (and spend more money while I'm at it).   Since there really is nothing around it, unless it literally IS your local within walking distance it is a drive in the opposite direction of ANYTHING else around, so in that, it becomes THE date-night destination. With that in mind, when I am thinking of things I wish to do with the precious few hours I am paying dearly for, sitting in a hard wooden chair in a brightly lit deli atmosphere just usually is not high on my list, no matter how badly I want it to be. One thing we consistently crave is non-chain owned eats on this side of town, and while the menu is not extensive we have been pleased with everything we have ordered, we just want a more comfy place to roost for the night!
4 Always enjoy ourselves here. Unprententious with great paninis, cheese and meat plates. North Peoria gem. Watch calendar for tasting events.
3 Great neighborhood place for good wine and cheese plates. The service was ummmm...interesting. The bartender was getting a neck massage from a girl from the bar and the owner of the place never said hello to anyone. She sat down at the bar and put on her makeup (not just lipstick-the works!). All I can say is... Interesting.
2 My mom and I have been going to this place since it first opened.   Really enjoyed it when the previous owner were in place and went often.  It's a cute little wine bar.  Recently, however, we had a bad experience.  We went in at 5:55 pm (happy hour is over at 6 pm) and the new owner (also acting as waitress) was serving others.  I didn't want to miss a happy hour prices, so I went up to the bar, where I waited some more.  By the time that the owner was ready to serve me, it was 6:01 pm.  When I asked about happy hour prices, she told me "Sorry, computer says 6:01 pm, there's nothing I can do about it."  Lady, you are the OWNER, you can override that!  There's nothing worse than poor customer service.  She could have made our day by offering happy hour prices for those first drinks, but instead she was SO rude about it.  Truly left a bad taste in my mouth.  If I was an owner of a restaurant, I would bend over backwards to make customers happy and that's what she should have done here.  I don't know if we'll be back - I'd rather go somewhere that knows how to treat a customer.
4 Awesome place to go if you are a craft beer fan, good selection of beers you cant get at other restaurants. Food is great and so is the wine selection. My only complaint is with the average person who goes there. There are a lot of retired people from Trilogy who frequent it and they don't give you a warm welcome or feeling. Nothing the restaurant can change but it is the reason we don't go much more often.
3 Closed forever. Property repossessed by the landlord.
1 closed - july 1 2013
