2 I learned that chicken is not meat when I visited my first El Pollo Loco recently.  Observe the following exchange:  "Can I have two hard taco's with cheese, lettuce, tomato and beans only please"  "Two chicken crunchy taco's with only cheese, lettuce, tomato and beans?"  "No, two crunchy taco's with no meat, just cheese, lettuce, tomato and beans please"  "You don't want meat on the taco's?"  "Yes, like vegetarian taco's.  Just cheese, lettuce, tomato and beans."  "So only cheese, lettuce, tomato and beans?"  "Yes, no meat, I want cheese, lettuce, tomato and beans only please"  *pulls to window, pays for food, pulls away.  *swings back to window, hands bag back to employee.  "Is there a problem?"  "Yes, these taco's have chicken on them."  "I know, we always put chicken on them."  "I asked for no meat."  "It's only chicken though."  "Can I have a refund."  "You don't want them?"  "That is correct, I'll just have a refund please."
3 I don't consider conversations with employees a review but whatever floats your boat.  I love El Pollo Loco. Their twice grilled burritos are great. They are stuffed with good chicken and all the good fix ins. The sides are decent. The chips are good with a salsa bar to choose your salsa. I like that their are lots of choices for entrees and sides which is convenient. For being a fast food mexican, it  is fresh and is a staple for my family. Its healthier than Taco Bell and doesn't give you explosive diarrhea.
4 I've always loved El Pollo Loco. How can you not love yummy citrus marinated flame grilled chicken? sooooo gooood and getting hungry just thinking about it. Salsa bar is great and my favorite is the avocado salsa...I heavily douse that on everything. The pinto beans are a good side, along with the side salad (which is huge!), but have never cared for their rice, it is always a lil on the half done side and taste just like instant rice that they microwave or something. You get 3 tortillas with your combos and I like to make lil chicken tacos with them. For dessert you must get the churros...2 for 99 cents and they are always cooked to order and so yummy and fresh!
4 always wanted to review this place but I usually stay away from chains..  I do have to comment that their marinated grilled chicken is some of the finest I have had.  I recently had their new BBQ chicken and well that was great too.  I dont really see the point in reviewing too many fast food joints but El Pollo Loco is special.    Sometimes I have seen people get pissed with the service because they think it is a fast food joint and it takes a while sometimes for the food to cook.  People need to just stand back and relax.  It is worth the wait, although sometimes the place is understaffed.  I love the crazy chicken.
3 Food is awesome the chicken and steak tacos are very close to Mexican street style maybe better and the chicken soup is the best. I eat hear alot but recently had a bad experience in drive thru and inside, employees don't know how to split orders and the guac sauce i asked for never made it in my bag and i didn't have time to go back as i was on a lunch break
2 I don't usually review chain restaurants, because their food all tastes the same (at least it should), but my experience at this El Pollo Loco has been horrible. Every time I have gone to this location, the food has been good (or as expected) but the service is horrible. So bad that each time I leave I ask myself why I go back. I like El Pollo Loco's food, and this one is close to my house. I just have never had a pleasant experience at this location. Either they get my order wrong, don't have what I want to order, or their service is horrible. This time I went the cashier trashed me behind my back in Spanish. What kind of service is that?
4 Best place for healthy kids meals
4 I love avocados so of course I love El Pollo Loco.  Their chicken is very well seasoned and they have a great variety of menu items.  I especially like their kids meal options.  It is a great break from the normal chicken nugget and french fries at other fast food places.  My son usually gets the 2 chicken leg meal with a side of mac & cheese.  I also love their spicy avocado salsa:)
1 Super Gross. I stopped here for lunch today and found a lovely surprise in my Black Bean Chicken Bowl:  3 RANDOM PILLS!   They had been cooked with either the broccoli or rice (a black bean substitute) and had started to disintegrate so I couldn't tell what they where.  The GM wasn't there, but they gave me my money back. Lucky I didn't eat any. God knows how many other people where served rice/broccoli from the same batch. Ugh.
3 This is a fast-food chicken joint.  They put something of a Latin spin, but it's really just grilled chicken served with tortillas.  The chicken is pretty good, as are their sides.  When we were there they seemed to be having problems.  Their card reader was out, so we had to pay cash.  And there was something going on in the back, but I couldn't really tell what (someone was have trouble with something, and there was chattering back and forth).  So it's difficult to judge them on other aspects besides the food.  The person who took our order was nice enough, but distracted by whatever was going on.  I'd come here before KFC, but I wouldn't call this my "go-to" place when I want to eat out (or do take-out, which we did).  We had a coupon, and a couple of our other choices were closed.  But they did fine.  No complaints.
