4 A few major blocks off the strip but the distance served my needs.   The rooms were spacious and clean.  The free Wifi is a definite plus.  It didnt go off and on like some other hotels I've experienced.
4 Very new modern hotel. Room clean and smells fresh. Front desk staff was professional and attentive.
4 Always a good experience.  Friendlyy service and a great price
3 The front desk staff are super nice and go out of their way to be helpful and kind. Unfortunately, though, they can't make up for physical realities. The hotel itself has grown a bit rough around the edges since it was refurbished in the new HIE style several years ago. The pillows on my bead were clumpy, the shower drain clogged and the bed not as firm as it once was. But all this pales before the new LV take off route which sends planes overhead beginning from 6 AM until about 9 or 10 PM. They don't fly by thick and furious but often enough to ruin a morning's sleep.  Ah, well. It was good while it lasted.
1 I travel a lot with the company I work with  & when  I do I prefer to stay at Holiday Inn Express because its a comfortable place to rest my head after working the long hrs I do. This Holiday Inn Express was thee worst stay ever for me, & the crew I was with. The staff is very unorganized, not properly trained. The crew & I  where overcharged twice & had to wait 1 wk for funds to be put back into our acct's. The water was she scheduled to be out service for about 3 hrs from 6 to 9 & was never turned back on & I had to go to bed dirty and shower in the morning, very inconvenient!!! Hoping to be compensated for the inconvenience, but no dice.  Over all the worst experience at a Holiday Inn Express. I will never stay at this place ever again!!!
3 This is a nice mid-range HI Express off of the main drag but near enough to MacCarran to make it convenient for business travel. There are a decent number of restaurants and gas bars nearby to grab a meal at or gas up your rental car on your way back to the airport (and avoid that gouging gas bar by the rental car centre).   If this is in your hotel network and you aren't a fan of the strip (I'd rather be in the mountains) I definitely recommend it.
