3 No greeting when we came in, and there were two women working there, one of which was the owner. we made it 2/3rds through when one of the local artists who supplies them came in. I swear the women working almost jumped across the counter to hug her! How bout a little love for your customers who could buy stuff? I do like the local artist/artist angle here.  some good stuff even if it is spendy.
4 I wouldn't say this is a great store to go to get something specific.  But you will ALWAYS leave with something. I bought earrings, a card, and considered a hand towel.  Emily ended up with a photo square cutter so that she could get crafty.  Everything in here was adorable and well priced to boot! I would highly recommend stopping in while strolling around downtown!
5 This store is the newest crowning jewel of State Street. The Komai sisters have the golden touch when it comes to crafts and choosing merchandise that is unique and novel. I love that the store features goods made by local artisans. The sisters who are artists themselves display their work as well. This is a great place to find a memorable gift for a special someone, a close friend, a family member, or a coworker. I've received several compliments on the gifts I've generously given myself ; )  A trip to Madison is not complete without a. a visit to  the Brunkow Cheese stand at the Farmer's Market for some cheese curds b. a look inside the capital rotunda, c. a walk on the lakeshore path and the arboretum d. a beer and popcorn at the Union terrace with a front row view of the sunset and e. a shopping trip to Anthology, State Street.  Happy Shopping!
4 Cute little shop. If I need a gift or a souvenir for someone, this is where I would come. Lots of local artist stuff and some cute crafty things. My only complaint is that it's a bit dark inside... unless they're trying to cut down the shiny cute glare, I am not sure what's up with that.   There are a lot of people that sell on Etsy here... which is awesome, as you can sort of take a gander at stuff before you buy there (or, you know, just buy here.)
5 This store was super cute and had the best, most creative handmade jewelry. I loved the bottle cap necklaces and some of the other really cool designs. The owner was very friendly and welcoming. I thought the prices were very reasonable. What a cute little store with super cute stuff!
5 WOW! I just moved to Madison and I absolutely love this store! I'm a crafty girl and I bought some gorgeous hand-dyed ribbon for only $1 a yard! I came home and crocheted myself a wraparound bracelet.   If Etsy had a storefront, it would look like Anthology.
4 On a recent trip to Madison, my wife and I were walking past Anthology and decided to stop in.  I am glad that we did.  We were just window shopping and dodging the sporadic rain and this was the perfect place to go.  We were greeted and made to feel right at home.  I bought an anniversary card and a necklace (total impulse buy) for my wife and a pin for myself (another total impulse buy).  This is the kind of store that you walk into when you don't have any idea what you want.  Rest assured that you will find something that you didn't know that you needed.  Sachi and Laura were both great and even offered advice on other places and restaurants to check out.  While it wasn't on my radar it is now a must on every trip to Madison.
4 This place just makes me smile when I walk in the door - so many lovely, pretty handmade things in one place. It's a really Madison- and Wisconsin-focused store... lots of interesting items from local artists. Love that there's a place like this right on State Street - the store's vibe is really a perfect fit for the area.
4 Anthology is like a mix of a really great vintage shop (though it's more vintage style here and not true vintage) meets a papercraft shop meets a gift shop. Another Yelper noted that it reminds her of Etsy. And it's true - Anthology is like a living Etsy treasury. It's funky and fun. They have a DIY button badge area that inspired me to buy my own button machine last year. The store has a lot of LOCAL stuff. Which is super cool. I love it.
5 whoa.  I freaking love this place.  What great stuff - prints, crafts, souvenirs.... you name it.  If you're looking for a gift for that hard to shop for someone - this is your place.  You're bound to find something.  There's so much to look at and see - like seriously.
5 I love this place!   It is like shopping on Etsy, but in a physical store.  They sell a wide variety of items, everything from paper goods to baby onesies, to jewelry, and more!  The staff is always friendly and the store is packed with many things to choose from.  It is so packed that it can be a bit overwhelming actually if you aren't there for a specific reason.    I don't get downtown often, but when I do I love going here for unique, handmade gifts!
5 I want to buy all the things in here. However, I limited myself to a few vintage-y postcards and clever Wisconsin-themed greeting cards. In addition to those items, Anthology also sells t-shirts and prints by local artists, and a lot of crafty things like washi tape and rubber stamps. It looks like an Etsy shop explosion up in there. My favorite thing I had absolutely no use for was a onesie that said "Future Librarian."
5 The only not good thing about this place is that there is so much great stuff that I can't possibly afford to buy it all!  This is a shop that is a must see whenever I'm downtown. I just love walking in that door!  There is always something to buy - from a $1 button or a $40 print. There is always something unique, handmade, locally made, and/or just plain fun!  They have fun greeting cards, funky jewelry, and it's just a sweet store to shop.  Maybe some day they can move to a bigger location to give us even more to drool over!
5 stumbled upon this gem on a business trip.  so glad I stopped by here & did not have to get a pathetic WI shirt at the airport!  awesome little store for gifts for all occasions, WI souvenirs, craft needs, etc.  so well curated. in-house made, local artists & some boutique-y national brands.  jewelry, stationary, toys, crafts-- everything your little heart could desire for yourself, friends & family at all ages. & at every price point.  staff are super friendly (it is the Midwest, after all...)  did not try it, but loved the option to make your own buttons :)
5 This store is amazing! I loved coming here when I lived in town, and every time I went in, they have new items! To me, it's a must stop place on State Street.   Great store, great finds. Check it out!
