5 Bammo!  Space 55 is quickly becoming the best place to see local theater and comedy.   Here are some sweet ass things I have seen/participated in here: Galapagos Longform Improv-- Every Friday Night. The Phoenix Neutrino Project--Every Third Saturday Seven Minutes in Heaven (A naked magician) Blar Lar lar  Drunken Shenanigans  Space 55 is to live theatre what  the Hindenburg was to fire awareness.  Go to Space 55 and see what all the hubbub is about.  Not to mention Shauna the owner is quite the nice lady and a looker to boot..
5 This is my favorite place to see live theater and comedy. I end up here pretty much every weekend. Things I love about Space 55:  - Great location. I love fun things to do that are downtown and in walking distance from bars, nightlife, my house...etc.  - They have a really unique variety of entertainment. Some of it is pretty random but it is almost always very good. Even when it's bad it's good.  - Unpretentious theater is awesome  - Improv comedy every Friday night. The Galapagos show at 10:30 PM is always awesome  - The Phoenix Neutrino Project rocks. Come see it. (Full disclosure - I am part of this)  - They do not kick me out when I get drunk and knock a picture frame off the wall and break it (although I didn't touch it I swear!)
4 It looks like a meth warehouse, the temperature is hot inside, there is a lone bathroom, and obviously a work of love.  I finally had a chance to visit this space last night to see the comedy troupe "Bully Mammoth", we found parking fine (while seeing a lot of ladies with wigs walking around) and it was a pretty easy building to find since it is a big warehouse structure. I was surprised to find the inside was a little cramped(since the outside looked so spacious?). The hallway/entrance where the ticket sales were located was cramped and cash only (understandably) led into a long and not very wide seating area. There were couches up against the walls, the seating was only about 6 seats wide and there was a raised area in back to see the show better. We luckily attained front row seats of the slightly raised smaller stage, which had an all curtained background.  It was a great show (even though I got deer hide fur in my eye just when a hilarious skit came on, trapped in between laughing too hard to take the offending hair out of my eye causing me to cry as well-one hazard of sitting up close!), but it got pretty hot in there and with the actors under the hot lights sweating with all the body heat.   When the show was over, there was a mad rush to the bathroom (only one, I found more toilet paper but not more paper towels, but fairly clean) and it was located in a room that had assorted furniture, futuristic paintings and an organ. (?).   I am on their email list for writing workshops, plays and look forward to coming here for other events they put on, and def. to see Bully Mammoth again!
3 Space 55 is great due to the improv shows that Torch Theater holds there almost daily. It's also not bad due to the lovely random eclectic decor and art you can see throughout the space. I swear one day I am stealing the ratty old Victorian era couch in the side room.   However, where Space 55 lacks is in parking, a good place to park your bike, and the coffee shop that closed inside. I'll still go. I love improv, but it could be improved.
4 This is an amazing place. The shows they choose to put on are intermittent but always astounding. Their variety show series, the 'Seven Minutes', are an amazing unscreened hodgepodge of amazing experimental theatre, all under 7 minutes. They are also the hosts of the wonderful Bully Mammoth comedy team, and have actor training and writing workshops almost all the time.  Finally, they are an amazing place to showcase art, or to see the creations of local artists.
5 This place is a fantastic collection of talented and unique individuals coming together in a homey space and making a small bright spot of art in the utter bleakness of the Phoenix cultural landscape.   Also, it's really close to the Phoenix Metro, the freeway, many fine drinking establishments, and there is a hotel nearby if you can't get the light rail home after going to too many drinking establishments.  It's like a piece of chocolate, wrapped in chocolate, inside a giant chocolate.
5 PEOPLE PEOPLE! I saw Kim Porter's play, MUNCHED at this black box theatre. ( a lucky pre-opening show ) Totally engrossing and utterly hilarious. Simple, but effective set design, great lighting, and a real story. I greatly enjoyed the acting, really tied it all together for me. It's showing in New York, but you can see it here Space 55.
5 Went to see 7 Minutes in Heaven - a variety show where anyone can get on stage and do whatever they want for 7 minutes. There's no screening process - anything goes.  Given this, my expectations weren't exactly high. Turns out I underestimated Phoenix creatives. Every act was entertaining at worst, most were good and a couple made me laugh until my sides hurt. Most notably a comedian known simply as Seymour.  Kudos to the staff for bringing something like this to our some-would-say-cultureless town. It's a breath of fresh air.  Note: 7 Minutes runs every Saturday in June - and it's advised to buy tix in advance as they sell out.
4 Tiny theatre space with a friendly crowd at the front of house, and even more friendly regulars. Went here on my last evening in Phoenix on a whim, just had an evening to kill before flying on Saturday. Ended up having a great comedy experience, and also met a few engaging locals who were very friendly with a lost-puppy stranger.  Very intimate space, maybe only seating for 50-60 in a single wing, so you are on top of the action. Recommended for people staying downtown for conventions or other reasons; see something out of your usual comfort zone!
4 Raunchy adult satire is the norm here by some of the best 'not ready for prime time' people in the southwest.  Intimate, funky space reminds me of the '80s lower east side in NYC or '90s DUMBO.  A rite of passage at a minimum, and a savory delicacy for initiates.
5 Saw a Space 55 production of " Woman and Girl" today in Phx and I was very impressed by the performance and cast. Patti Hannon(Woman) brought warmth and caring to her role as grandmother to orphaned girl played by a delightful eleven year old Brinley Nassise.A perfect mothers day play for the entire family.As always, Kim Porter(producer and set designer) brings life to the set with her entourage of talented artists.  FIVE STARS AND A SUGAR,CHOCOLATE DONUT!
2 I'll give it to them, the idea is cool and the venue is authentic but most of the talent was not impressive. Yes, we went to 7 Minutes in Heaven, a show that has zero screening / auditioning / rehearsal, so the the proprietors  had no idea what was about to go down. But seeing a stuffed horse get ass fisted and gutted (yes they put bloody guts in a stuffed animal and ripped them out) is not art. Come on Phoenix, you can do better. Overall, the show was okay and there were a couple acts that killed it but the last act RUINED the show. Some quality control is in order. I want my money back.
