4 Our neighbor wanted to take her elderly father to a show but didn't want the magic or action of one of the strip acts.  We though Marriage Can Be Murder would be a good choice as it was a murder-mystery dinner experience that would entertain not only him but us "youngn's" as well.  The show is performed in the Canyon Club at the Four Queens downtown on Fremont Street.  It is an excellent choice for a show of this sort as it is very open yet intimate enough to have a good experience while interacting and eating.  The host, DeeDee, greets you at the door and shows you to your seat based on the type of ticket you purchased.  When seated, you are given a choice of Steak, Fish or Chicken for your entree.  A non-alcoholic drink is provided though there is a full bar in the club.  A salad and cheesecake dessert round out the three-course meal.  The murder mystery is fun and interactive with almost everyone getting involved (as well as possibly being involved in the murder(s), too).  Remember: the killer(s) are sitting and eating amongst you.  That is about all I can give away.  The entertainment from both DeeDee and other actors in the show is excellent and the pace is never let down, even during intermissions or breaks, something is going on that is part of the story!  Even those who went out to use the restroom or smoke had something happen!  Ticket prices range from $49.95 for locals to $76.95 for VIP passes which have you closer to the stage (though the act roams throughout the room, so even in the back you end up getting up close and personal with the entertainment.
4 The show gets 3 stars - Everything was entertaining, especially the lady whom is the main host of the show.  She is quick witted and funny and makes the show fun just with her one liners.  Me and my friends sat next to the performers in the show.  We didn't even know they were performers until the show starting kicking in.  You just have to see it for yourself.  The food and service gets another star as they were really attentive and always had a smile.  I loved the food.  I'm a vegetarian and was eating something the meat eaters were salivating over as I heard comments all around saying how "That looks delicious!"  The funny thing is when I asked what was for vegetarians, the server just stated whatever they come up with.  Me and another friend whom is vegetarian got a wild rich and mushroom dish with some string beans, two kinds of potatoes (the mash potatoes were some of the best I've ever had), and a tomato thingy... not sure what it's called.  I inhaled the food lol.  I say that if you're ever in Vegas' downtown to check this show out.  It's unique and entertaining.
4 We got our tickets from tix4tonight for $40.  The wife and I had a great time, it was an exciting date.  This was my first murder-mystery dinner and I would definitely go to one again.  The show is now at the Fitzgeralds' Showroom at the Fitzgeralds Casino & Hotel on Freemont St.  Find cheap tickets here: http://www.tix4tonight.com/locations.html
4 After some initial confusion about where the "Box Office" was to get my will call tickets (its a small table with a computer near the Fitzgeralds' Showroom) and some almost rudely probing questions the evening got started.  The food was decent, and I discovered later the probing questions were to get a feel for the room for the sake of the audience participation bit.  They don't give you much time to figure it out.  My Girlfriend and I pretty much knew who the killers were, but we didn't know enough of the details to "Win".  It was still very fun.
5 This was an evening to remember......     A fun interactive murder mystery dinner.  This was our first show of this type.  My boyfriend and I really got into the show, so much that every else there thought WE were the killers(heck, at one point I thought I was too.)  The price was a great value for an evening of fun. Plus it included a three course that tasted great!  I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a fun unique evening in Vegas.
4 My boyfriend is a possible MURDER SUSPECT??!!? Yeah, I was shocked too when the officer started questioning him in the middle of our dinner. You think you know someone...........  Murder mystery dinners are a great way to spend a friends birthday! It was very interactive and extremely entertaining. From the moment you get in there is something going on around you.   The ticket price included a three course meal that was very tasty. You have a choice of chicken, beef or salmon. Dinner starts with a nice mix salad and finishes with cheesecake. Mixed drinks were reasonably priced at $5 each as well.  They do give locals discounts and we got our tickets with tax for just over $50 each. However, you can get them at tickets for tonight for even cheaper.  The actors did such a great job and there was not a dead moment the entire night.   If you want to have a dangerously fun night with friends and family...this is a must
5 We were there Monday July 18, 2011 and had a blast.  I don't want to give anything away, so I can't say much, but let's just put it this way.  We thought we made a mistake by booking this before we got in the door, but afterward we said we'd highly recommend it to anyone!  We laughed a ton and really enjoyed the interactiveness.  There was a table of Las Vegas bartenders there that had a great time!  We happened to run into one of them "Chicken Hawk" on the strip later and he said they had a great time and will be back.  DeeDee was o-u-t-s-t-a-n-d-i-n-g (so sharp, so quick, such a memory!), and the officer was terrific too - as well as the whole cast.  Great servers too and the dinner was decent.  I'm sure they'd offer a vegetarian option if you asked.  Go!  You'll have a great time!
5 Fantastic! I can not express how much fun we had at this show. It was cleverly plotted out, and the audience was involved from start to finish. We were even sitting at the table with the murderer! I highly recommend this to anyone making the trip out to Vegas.  They re write the show every three months or so, so we will certainly come back every time we come out here.  A big thank you to the cast for making this a night to remember!
5 We had an absolute blast!  Both my boyfriend and I were a little apprehensive about how kitchy it might get in this type of performance but boy were we wrong.  We laughed out loud so much I would say we were cackling.  The performers were spot on and the audience was enjoying it and jumping in as well.  It is a great value for a dinner and show.  We plan on going back every few months as the shows are unique and seasonal.  We also took my boyfriends 13 year old daughter and she said it was her favorite thing she did during her stay in Vegas.
4 Pretty good show with decent food for the meal. The cast really puts out an effort in this show and seems to genuinely love their jobs. This show will keep you guessing and keep you laughing. Pretty good and will probably be back.
1 Apparently we are the only people who found this awful.  It was so cheesy and I couldn't wait for it to be over.  What a waste of tickets, time, and cab money.
4 Really cheesy but pretty entertaining. Loved it. But this is rating the entertainment not the food. Eat before you go, their food was crap.
5 My husband and I were looking for something fun to do in Vegas without breaking the bank.  We ended up getting tickets to this show after reading good reviews online.  We weren't disappointed.    Mimi, the host, was hilarious!  The entire show was engaging and really got you up moving around.  The acting isn't very good, but I wasn't expecting it to be.  It may be a little cheesy, but I laughed the whole time.    I actually thought the food was good.  I enjoyed the fish entree with a caper sauce.  The salad was just okay.  I left full and satisfied!  I did notice that one couple brought a young child.  I wasn't sure that it was appropriate for a young child because of some of the humor.  We did go to a cirque show, comedy show and drag impersonation show, but this was by far our favorite!
3 This show was not what I was expecting. I thought it was going to be an interactive murder mystery play, but it was more like an interactive comedy show. If I could do it over again, I would not have bought a ticket for this show. But, I can say that the host of the show was so funny!! My husband and I loved her.  My husband did get bored during the show and fell asleep. When the host caught him sleeping, she got his attention by asking the officer to ask him a question. They then joked him for the rest of the show to keep him up. The audience thought he was an actor and he won an award at the end. So, that part was fun.  Overall, I thought it was ok. If you like a comedy show, then it's good. But, if you are expecting a murder mystery show, it's not good.
4 I reviewed this before but took my Nephew to celebrate his 21st birthday and all I can say is they keep getting better loved it !!!!
5 My party and I had so much fun! The food was good, and the show was hilarious. Mimi was undoubtably the star of the show... Not to say the officer didnt have his shinning moments. They change their plotlines every three months, apparently, so if you enjoyed the show, you can go back and not be bored because you already know who dun it. :)
4 I was thinking about watching a Cirque show but I changed my mind and wanted something different and cheaper and decided to watch, "Marriage Can Be Murder" just for a change of pace and this show is very old Las Vegas. The showroom was located in the D Hotel and Resort formally the Fitzgeralds (Irish Theme) and it still had the rainbow and leprechaun outside of the Marquee on Fremont Street.   I just left the pool from the Mirage and was hurrying to get ready and make it to the show in Downtown! I didn't have anything to eat because the show included a full dinner (Drink, Appetizer, Entree, Dessert). I didn't know what to expect and I made 5 minutes into the show, the ticket guy said they were still waiting for me qnd you didn't even know when the show started. It was mostly dialogue and raunchy comedy and the whole audience got involved. People assume I was the killer in the show because the audience had to draw some clues on who did what and we didn't know who was the killer or really part of the show since the actors bleneded in with the audience. The food was IMO average but not too bad. In the end I was voted the non supporting acting role and received a small gold statue! It wasn't really gold but oh well.. :P  The show was hilarious and am looking forward to brining my friends and some family to watch it. I also got to meet 3 cool girls from Jersey Shore and they told me the show was just Blah and the city of Jersey Shore is nothing like the show. They were really fun to talk to and they also thought I was the killer.   =)-
5 Super funny. One liners that keep you laughing all night long. Audience participation starts before you are even seated. To top it off the food is great & you won't leave hungry.  You won't be sorry!
5 So much fun! My friends and I were afraid it might be cheesy, but we all had a great time.  Good food and a hilarious cast! Definitely will go again.
1 Don't waste your money, worst show I have ever seen, we walked out.
5 Outstanding murder/mystery/comedy show! The food was great. The cast and story were incredible.  One of the most entertaining dinners shows around. Worth every penny.  I would highly recommend to family and friends.
4 I had a good time! We were a bachelorette party and they used our bride to be to be part of the band! It was super funny! She she was also pregnant, so drinking was off the tables for her. So it was nice to see her be able to be silly and have some fun :-)  We bought our tickets through a deal on restaurant.com. We paid $49 which got us tickets to the show/dinner and a $25 certificate on restaurant.com.   The show is a murder mystery dinner. So you wanna make sure you start taking notes from the get go. I had never been to one so I didn't really catch on until later. The host will go around the room and introduce people. SOme of these people are part of the show and others are just regular guest. It is kinda easy to tell who is part or the act and who's not.   The host are super funny and drop a lot of one liners throughout the night.   There is a facebook page you can like and the give clues. I did not like the pae b/c I have a lower data plan and didn't wanna use data for that, but my friends did and they were laughing.   All in all it was much better than I expected. Also, it is on Fremont Street. So if you are staying on the Strip keep the transportation in mind.   I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 b/c the food was not the greatest. I got the beef and it tasted a little like salisubury steak. Would have been a 5 star if the food was better.
5 My family and I have been to this show twice. Both times were GREAT! The actors/actresses could be sitting right next to you. I definitely accused the nice gentleman across from me as being one of the killers (oups!).   Make sure you take notes on NAMES. As there will be a prize at the end for whoever figures out the killers.   Also, the food is good, and they have a vegetarian option!   I would recommend going during the week, as it is a more personal show. This last time we went on the weekend and it was a little crowded.
5 When I first got there, I was a little disappointed. It looked cheesy and low budget. I had been to another MMD but it was at a nice lounge in Hollywood so that's what I was comparing it to.  Once the show began, I was laughing. The actress that plays MiMi is one of the two things that make the show. She is so quick witted, talented and funny. She is amazeballs.  The other is the DJ. He is quick to add sound effects which really play up with MiMi's zingers. He does something else during the show but let that be a surprise!  Pro tip: if you are on FB, make sure you check in and like the page.  The food was ok. It's not so super gross but not super delicious either. It's just OK. Everything is over around 8:30 so just walk down Fremont and grab a hot slice of pizza as you watch people perform on the street.  I definitely want to bring my family back to watch the show. It was really fun. Oh, also, I brought a 14 and 9 yo. The jokes can be racy but my 9 yo didn't get it and the 14 yo laughed. I think bringing kids is totally fine. There were a couple other kids there too.  Anyways, we had a blast and the kids loved it. I definitely would come back!!
3 It's ok if it fits your budget. Plus when you get out your on freemont.  But if you are not a silly person or don't have enough drinks in you it will be hard to get into. Buy your tickets at tix4tonight on the strip it comes out to $104 for two. Don't get the pasta most didn't finish there's.  Chicken was o.k.   sodas are free and well drinks are $6.
4 This show is very fun. The food is okay, not great, but the quality of the show covers the food. I recommend this show as it is fun and "funny"..!!!!
5 I'm not rating this based on dinner. If you are looking for the ultimate culinary experience in Vegas, this is not it. Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but sort of like, wedding buffet good. That being said, this was $60 bucks a person. You will be hard pressed to find a good dinner and show in Vegas for that price. We even got a few free cocktails! This is probably the best time my husband and I have had at a show in Las Vegas. There is so much interaction with the audience. My husband was a pallbearer for all the murder victims in the audience. The cast really finds a way to involve everyone without making people uncomfortable. We bought our tickets at tix4tonight for half off. Go see the show, it's  awesome!
4 The first time I went 2 years ago was better! But it's fun and I like how they had my pic on their FB page telling everyone to question me. MiMi is so funny she have you laughing threw the whole show. The actors/actresses could be sitting right next to you that what makes it so much fun! And you get served a 3 course meal while trying to solve the murders.
4 Like: Great entertainment! Interactive dinner-show for a great price. There's a discount code for 'residents'. I forgot what the code is, but I'm sure you can google it.  It's definitely something different than your expensive Vegas shows on the strip. MCs are super witty. Facebook interactive. They take photos too, which I think is fun to see what shots they might've gotten of you.   Dislike: I got the chicken, and I did not like it at all. Food quality is bad. Get the tri tip-probably the best option from what my fiance got. I got the chicken and didn't like it at all. It's away from the strip so a taxi ride will take time and money. Location is in the older and sketchy side of town. DO NOT walk there from the strip-taxi driver said we would get mugged for sure.
5 I had read all previous posts prior to purchasing tickets, so I felt fairly aware of what to expect. Overall I was very happy with this show. Yes it seems a little cheesy at first, but what can do you expect it's downtown off the strip where EVERYTHING is pretty cheesy.  So the show in itself is amazing. The cast members keep you laughing with their quick whit. Mimi stays on top of it the entire time helping keep the audience on their toes trying to figure out "who done it" The food (our entire party of 4 choose the beef) was better than expected. My hubby even ate his veggies, which says a lot to me.  I'm not a huge fan of Las Vegas and never plan on going back, but if (when) I do I will gladly go see this show again. For the cost you really can't beat it. Unless you really want a t-shirt or drink tickets there's no reason to upgrade your tickets. You can see everything from all seats.
4 We had a ball! My 16-year-old grandson was dressed up in his first suit and looked like a littleheart throb so they made a fuss over him which was hysterical. Afterwards, other guests asked to have their picture taken with him?! We laughed and laughed.   The actors managed to make the show feel fresh. Lots of fun. This is not for snobs. Go hungry, the food will be better. Outstanding table service. The website doesn't mention it, but they do politely accommodate vegetarians.  Go, relax, and enjoy.
5 Just left the show. We had a blast. I laughed the whole time. My husband was not into the interactive aspect of the show but he got into it as well. They even got him up and had him dance.  Bring your smartphones and video cameras. You can film and take pictures if you like.  The food was okay. I got the meat dish and it was tender and tasty.  I would definitely recommend it to friends who just want a good laugh.   PS- we got discounted tickets the day of at tix4tonight.
