3 One of three Harvey's restaurants in a span of approximately five blocks (the others at Laurier and King/Weber), this one is arguably the busiest due to the proximity to UW.  Service is quick and efficient, though the employees aren't as interactive as the one at King/Weber. The burger is cooked decently, and toppings are inserted with a respectable amount. Overall I was satisfied with the burger.  I wish the employees here would show a bit more emotion and at least acknowledge you though.
3 This is the stable burger place in University Plaza that's the nearest to UW. It's definitely the to-go place if you are looking for a quick bite while having the desire to satisfy your craving on burgers and fries.  Their burgers are relatively healthier than what you can find from equivalent places, say Burger King across the road. This is because they don't do much frying on their meat as much, and you can customize what veggies goes into your burger(you can really make it healthy if you want).  While it's nice to have relatively healthier burgers, they don't taste as good as others. Also, their fries, onion rings and even poutine don't taste as good either.  And they are not the cheapest burger place in town, so don't hold your expectations too high.
4 The employees seem desensitized by their job, but the food is very well prepared. It does not seem sloppy at all with wrapping and building which unexpected from a chain burger place in a busy student plaza. I think it was mentioned before but I also wish the employees seemed to show more care for the customer. I have never been to a Harvey's and I asked what size their. Jr. burger was, and the cashier said ' smaller than a regular burger.' No shit....  But still, it is a good place!!!! Go here.
3 It's a 2 for 1. I could literally fuel my tank with the amount of gas this place gives me (and everyone I know). The food tastes good but smells kinda like that "Harvey's smell" and it's hard to get rid of...you'll know what I mean if you try it out sometime!!
3 The best part about this burger joint is its proximity to campus.  Having spent most of my savings on University of Waterloo tuition, I used the food stamp coupons that they provide in the mail. For $4.99 you can get a combo meal with the original burger, fries or onion rings, and a fountain drink. Good deal (Y)  Only complaint is that they should be more generous with the toppings. There was only 1 slice of tomato and a pinch of lettuce in my burger.
