4 Surprisingly tasty Indian food and a really good price. Pretty sure it's buffet only. We stayed at the Hampton Inn on the other side of the parking lot and stopped in for lunch one afternoon. Definitely worthwhile if you have a hankering for some Indian food outside of Toronto. You can't really get away with bad Indian food in these parts, can you?
3 I'm a little sceptical, now I see the tip about the heath dept. Should've looked on yelp first, shucks! Despite that, I've already eaten here and can't take it back now. I thought it was flippin' great. It was my first time eating somewhere that only had India options. Everything was really great, though it was a small buffet. I liked all the vegetarian options too. Lots of 'em! At only $6 for ayce dinner buffet, how can you go wrong, er, right. The only thing that really threw me off was the fact that the waitress seated everyone on one half of the Restaurant, and it was a pretty busy night. I found this very odd. I would prefer to be away from people if the options there.
3 The woman at the desk at the Hampton Inn told us that "the food was cold" when she went to this restaurant across the parking lot from the hotel, but we like Indian, food, the kids will eat it, so we gave it a try.  What they call "Butter Chicken" tasted like Tiki Masala to me, and it was good.  The goat was kind of greasy.  The naan was okay, but a little cold.  The little veggie dumplings were good, and they had some made of sweet potatos.  Upon looking at my receipt, it appears homeboy added a 15% tip on top of the total, and I ended up giving 15% additional.  Not wise, especially for a buffet.
1 This was the worst Indian food I've ever tried in Canada. I went there for their buffet and it was absolutely horrible. Everything was bland and you can tell they reuse their old chicken in their curries. The best Indian restaurant in the KW area is definitely Empress of India. Avoid Masala Bay as they reuse old food.
2 Not bad, if you're looking for a quick Indian food fix. It's a buffet, with all regulars. The saag paneer wasn't bad, just very little cheese, and the butter chicken was decent. The goat curry seemed like it had a lot of bones in it, but my coworker enjoyed it. The server was good, and very polite. If I was staying at the Hampton inn and had to rush through dinner I'd go back, but I'd pass otherwise.
5 Taste food, good price
5 Great food. More variety than I expected walking in. Traditional and well spiced. Service is friendly and quick. Work sent me to the next door Hampton Inn and I am glad I decided to check this restaurant out.
