2 Mediocre Caesar salad Tough sirloin
1 So. Not. Worth. It.  Really, save your money and have someone fire up the grill.  K/W needs to nut up on their restaus. They are SEEEERIOSLY lacking.
4 This restaurant is one of a small chain located in Canada, with a few select cities in the US.  I have visited their Waterloo location several times during business trips.  After my first visit, I decided that this restaurant met most of my needs, and from that point forward, I made it the destination place for dinner during each of my trips.   I simply think that this is a great restaurant for dinner.  The atmosphere is conservatively presented.  It has a dark warm appearance.  There is a variety of music that is always being presented in the background. If you do not wish to dine in the dining area, you may dine in a bar area, where there are multiple TV monitors located about. During the winter months there is a fireplace with a warm roaring fire to dine near.  During the summer, a rather large patio area is available for outside dining.  What about the food?  Where do I begin?  The Prime Rib is excellent. Also the steaks are very good.  Even their chicken and salmon is very tasty, especially for a steakhouse. If you like salads, I recommend the Caesar. And finally wonderful well presented desserts are available that include such items as Crème Brulee and a Mini Cherry Cheese Cake.  I highly recommend the Mini Lemon Blueberry desert.  Hostesses and very friendly, and efficient.  It is a restaurant that is memorable and worth returning to multiple times.
3 Well I never thought I would give a keg a 3 star, but here it is.  When I attended, the place was pretty buisy, but the service was still fairly reasonable.  The waitress I had was new and still in training, but she did a great job. I had ordered the NY peppercorn strip with fries.  While waiting for my food, I was treated to a bowl of homemade chips which were delicious, and then their standard bread ( which unfortunately I can't eat ).  The food was a little slow coming out, and when I did get it, my steak was a little over done, and not much peppercorn sauce, as far as flavor it was still good.  I feel that it they still want to keep their higher prices, they can't let the quality slide.  But besides this experience I've always had good luck with the Kegs in the past so I would still recommend trying it.
5 Excellent surf and turf. You can always count on them to cook a steak properly. Lobster tails were also great. Good service. The bar is real nice out front to sit and have a drink while you wait for a table. Make sure you get reservations
3 Ah the Keg. Very nice atmosphere and service. I ordered a ceasar salad, sirloin steak and garlic mash. All very good but not really interesting. Expect to pay $30+ a person. You are paying for the service not the food.   Fancy place for boring food.
4 The keg delivers a quality product at a steep price. But all in all once in a while it is worth it in my option because the overall experience here is excellent. Steak is always consistently good here and the French onion soup is to die for!
