3 The Mos Eisley Cantina of Starbucks stores. And I'm not just referring to that sappy yuppie brain food they pass off as music.  I once saw a guy try to run off with the drive-thru tip jar on his back. The barrista leapt through the drive thru window, got into his car, tailed the guy back to his house, and kicked at the door and threatened to call the police until the kid's mom made him cough up the tip jar.  One time I saw one barrista pull out a gun on another barrista. It was the surrealist thing I had ever seen.   One minute the guy's pouring an iced chai latte with soy milk and so help you god if you put regular milk in there, and the next minute he's threatening to pistol whip the guy holding the English toffee bar.   That's what those giant chocolate chip cookie bricks are, right? I've never ordered them. Because I think that maybe it's a mislabel or something, and I'll ask for the English toffee bar and the barrista will look at me and go " do you mean the brick-shaped chocolate chip cookie? Because we ain't got no toffee".   And then everyone will stop working on their screenplays to look up at me.  Like I need the fucking future co-writer of 'The Pacifier 2 starring Vin Diesel' giving me the "what, have you never been in a coffee shop before? Are you aware that we've invented the automobile?" look.  But seriously, this is a pretty hardcore starbucks. I wouldn't know anything about the service, because I don't drink starbucks. Because I'm a product whore with some fucking taste.  Huh. Urban Decay Palette or 6 mochachino lattes with only two shots in them and some caramel and make sure it's heated to 150 degrees or I'm going to be pissed.  Get out of here.  Seriously. Get out of here. Before Rambo McCoffeebean pulls out his gat again. Shit, was it a gat or a glock?   It's the 21st century already. Hurry up and invent the fucking laser gun already.
4 Occasionally I need a caffeine boost about mid morning ( by occasionally I mean almost every day). So here I am hitting up the local Starbucks again. This store does have a drive thought that makes it fast. The turn after I pay however is dangerous. I can barely turn my truck Round he corner without hitting the wall and once I have a coffee in my hand or lap it's even more ridiculous.   At least the coffee is served up quickly despite the car crash waiting to happen.
1 The worst Starbucks I've ever been to and it's too bad it's the closest to my home. You can count on your drink leaking ALL over the place and a cup full of ice. I watched the cup being halfway filled with coffee then a GIANT scoop of ice overflowing the top of my drink then they squeezed the lid on my cup with all the coffee coming out of the top and leaking all over the side of my cup. Not good.
