5 Today I went to Desert Bloom and received my first facial.  IT WAS AMAZING!  I felt so fancy and pampered during, and after the facial my skin felt fresh and clean.   Natalya (the owner) is super sweet and very knowledgeable about facial products and corrective treatments.  She also carries two yummy facial product lines, pca and ilike (a Hungarian brand, new to US).  Gary also received a facial and enjoyed being pampered.  She carries tons of facial products for men.  Gary and I plan on getting facials at least once a month from now on.  I think I'd like to try a few peels as well... I want Natalya to make my skin as gorgeous as hers!!  It was a little hard to find... when you go, make sure to turn towards the left parking lot. We parked in the wrong parking lot and walked a while until we found it.
5 OMG!!!  WOW.  I opted for the organic facial, it was.... amazing. I have had many, many, many facials in my life, this gal knows her stuff! I was amazed! When you first walk in, it is a very unassuming space. Casual atmosphere, friendly staff. The owner/facialist greeted me right away. Whisked me to the back room where I prepared for my treatment with a hot mug of organic tea with my selection of flavored honey (great touch!) Got settled and 'let the magic happen".   I have probably had over 60 facials in my life, this was with out a doubt in my top 5. Natalya (the owner) was extremely conscious, smooth and knowledgeable. The best part of my treatment? I FELL ASLEEP! It is very difficult to get me to relax, but she did it!!! I was out, and it was great! When I woke up... my face felt amazing. There is such a night and day difference between a froufrou 'treatment' and having your face tended to by a real, committed professional. Just by being there, you can tell Natalya really knows what she is talking about and is passionate about making her clients look good. I received many compliments about the condition of my skin and am planning on having a long term relationship with desert bloom! I feel great and the proof is in my face!   HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this place for anyone with problem skin, or anyone who is looking for treatment as opposed to sproof...
5 I just had a facial massage by Natalia. She greeted me when I came in and asked me if I found the suite ok....I did!  She was great at explaining everything to me and the facial was not cut short on time. She also gave me some info on how I can improve my skin and I would definitely recommend her and go back for another service.
5 We live in the desert and are surrounded by businesses proclaiming to care about your skin and provide the right elements to youthful skin. Literally on every corner and every price range.  I'll be honest, I had a Living Social coupon as I'm big into the deals these days when testing out a new business. When I called I wasn't sure which facial was appropriate for me and they kindly talked me through my options and helped me understand exactly what each facial offered. Bio-Roller it is.  I arrived on time and was promptly greeted by Natalia and whisked into a peaceful room. Got all gussied up in my spa outfit and was ready to r.e.l.a.x. Natalia gently washed my face, inquiring about my skin regimen. She gave great advice and genuinely seemed interested in helping me care for my skin without making it all about her spa. I appreciate that.  Overall, my facial was TO DIE FOR. She was gentle, efficient, and amazing.  The only thing I would want to change would have been the musical selection. I'm a big fan of the spa sounds and would have preferred that over the 80's instrumentals that seemed to replay 3 times over.  I HIGHLY recommend Natalia and Desert Bloom Skin Care Center. I will be following her advice and returning at the end of summer for another service and am counting the minutes!
5 I just had an amazing facial by Natalya!  She was so informative and knowledgeable about skincare.  I received the Organic facial and am scheduled to return for the microdermabrasion.  I have combination skin and tend to breakout around the chin.  She was able to get a lot of the congestion out through extractions and then used the high frequency current (I think that's what it's called), which has really helped me in the past but most spas don't have.     I really enjoy the smaller spa setting...it was very relaxing and not so corporate.  Natalya is very sweet and east to talk to, which made the experience even more enjoyable!    I highly recommend this spa to anyone and can't wait for my next appointment!
5 So far I have a had two chemical peels by Natalya. The prices are fantastic and they have good monthly specials.  Natalya and her husband are very nice.  She really seems to know what she is doing.  I would definitely refer anyone there.
5 Natalya and Brain are amazing! They are both extremely friendly and accommodating. Natalya really takes the time to explain what skin care regime is appropriate, and Brian does an excellent job with scheduling and follow ups. I highly recommend Desert Bloom Skin Care Center, and plan to schedule all of my skin care treatments with them! I can't wait to go back for my final chemical peel on Thursday : )
5 I'm Kassidy and I've been going to Desert Bloom Skin Care Center for a couple of years now, and I must say they never disappoint. Natalya truly knows what she is doing, and is incredibly talented. She knows exactly what you need. I go there usually for the Teen Facial treatment. It's affordable, quick and the perfect treatment for a breakout or troubled skin. I can always count on them to correct any issue I may have. She also does an amazing job waxing! I wouldn't trust any other skin care center after coming here. Truly a five star experience.
5 I renewed a gift certificate for a lunchtime facial today.  They are small and inviting.  Very clean facilities.  Natalya is very professional and clearly understands the underlying physiology as it relates to her job.  I am a medical professional with a doctorate, and her explanations were spot on.  They do not push products, and seem sincerely interested in what they do.
5 A small, initimate salon with top notch service and good prices. Natalya knows her stuff and will recommend treatments for whatever your skin needs. I am now a regular and look forward to every relaxing appointment. The skincare products are all excellent, especially for sensitive skin. Highly recommended!
5 So happy I found Natalya. She is very thorough and completely professional. I can tell a difference in my skin...not as many breakouts, smoother, and feels nicer. Be prepared to endure some pain...but it's worth it! The facials are done with care, never rushed and always done correctly. Never once have I questioned her expertise. It is very apparent Natalya know what she is doing and is super intelligent. Extremely pleased with my visits!
5 There is no other spa I would go to. I've been to several in the past and when I came to Desert Bloom, I'll never go anywhere else again. Natalya and Veronica are *serious* experts. They're serious about studying your skin and they know which treatments would best benefit you. Best of all, the treatments you get actually make a difference. A noticeable difference. I've never experienced anything like it. These ladies are both very personable, charming, highly intelligent and they actually do care about your skin and know what to do for it. So refreshing and a pleasure to be in the care of someone who truly cares. Did I mention how relaxing the experience is? Wow. And thorough, and never rushed. Also, a very simple gift certificate buying experience on their website - desertbloomskincare.com
5 I had an amazing facial here yesterday. I opted for the signature facial. Natalya was just fantastic, she is so sweet and my skin looks youthful and plump today. I was truly impressed with the quality of the facial, the treatments kept coming! I really liked the she did not leave the room while I "steamed". Instead she continued on with the treatments and massage. The value was outstanding and hard to come by. I have two suggestions: the first would be for them to purchase a pillow to put under the knees. I did not ask for it, so it may have been available, and if so I apologize. The second would be to take a couple of pictures of the outside of the building since it was slightly difficult for me to find, especially being unfamiliar with that part of town. I REALLY loved that nobody tried to sell me any products or additional services. It was very relaxing and at no point stressful. I will absolutely return and I will recommend Natalya to friends and family.
5 I was never and I mean NEVER a facial person.  I had maybe had one or two in 40 years.  There was a Groupon for a facial and it was near my house, so I thought, "What the heck?"  I went once and fell in love with facials and Natalya.  It was more relaxing than any massage I had ever had, but it wasn't a massage.  The products felt amazing on my face and I felt renewed.  I have been back once a month ever since and that was two years ago!!  It is the best treat you can give yourself and the prices are very fair, with specials throughout the year.  Every time I go, I feel renewed, dewey and relaxed.  If you love facials --- this is your place.  If you have never understood why people love facials -- this is your place.  If you have never had a facial -- this is your place.  To sum it up.....THIS IS YOUR PLACE!!!
5 My mom was in town from Virginia to help me with wedding planning and after a long couple of days, we decided somewhat last minute to try to book a facial. Natalya fit us in without any question and went past her normal hours to do so which right away spoke to the level of customer service this place offers.   My mom did the organic facial and I did one for acne prone skin. We both had a really lovely experience. Never once did we feel rushed or uncomfortable. Not only does she really know what she's doing, but she also takes the time to explain what she sees going on with your skin and how to continue to care for it (in a very hopeful and equally realistic way), without pressuring you or making you feel degraded.   All around it was a wonderful experience and hope to be back soon!
5 Great service, location, and prices. The place is very clean and the people there are so nice. They have awesome products and services.
5 Just want to say how amazing Natalya is! You can ask her anything about health and she'll give you the most thorough and scientific answer. Way better than google, I swear. She's studying biology and chemistry in school, so she has a very VERY sound knowledge base. And since skin issues start from within, it's really important to have her advice. She says she isn't a dr yet but from my experience, she is way better than any dr I've been to. I think it's because she actually whole-heartedly cares. I am SO happy I found her on here. She has 5 stars for a reason..
