2 I think perhaps fast food chicken places hire the most stupid of all employees available to the fast food industry.  We have stopped here a few times to pick up food and eat it at home. Not once have we gotten what we ordered. Ok I am sure now you are thinking I must be the most stupid of customer for not checking before I leave. Well yeah I agree with you. But this last time we ordered 12 pieces, I did look in the bag to see that all that we ordered was there. I did not take the chicken out to count it, we got eight pieces. Gus called to complain and all they said was, what am I supposed to do about it? So I will answer that question now, Nothing do nothing and I will wise up and just bypass your store from now on.
4 Let me make this clear to everyone!!! People at fast foods are there for a reason! Most of them are going to school, or just there for the summer! i am not talking bad about them! Most of them, this is their first jobs!! So the service at most fast food joints are not going to be great. With that said, this location does have some issues. But that is expected. Popeyes Chicken is my favorite fast food chicken only behind Pioneer's!!! I love their spicy chicken, mashed potato's and gravy, and red beans w/rice. I like that their menu has a lot of different items! This location is the closest to my home. So when I am in the area, watch out! I'll be there!
5 Love this chicken!  Tried their new Surf and Turf and found the shrimp to be smaller than they look on TV and too much breading.  But, did I say I love this chicken?  However, the counter staff could use some refresher courses on customer service.
4 Only Place you can still get the Fried apple pie. Service is good never had any problems.
2 Not sure how this place is getting good reviews, unless they are employees or we just hit it on a bad day.   The staff is not friendly at all and when we got our three meals home, they had absolutely no dipping sauces that we had asked for, no condiments or anything.  The coleslaw was warm and disgusting, so we couldn't eat it and my catfish was so rubbery and undercooked it was like chewing gum.  I couldn't eat it.  Had to throw entire dinner away, except for the biscuit.  The only reason I'm giving  it two stars is the chicken strips that my kids got looked halfway decent.
