2 The store itself is really small, although they have seating outside. There is a duck that occasionally hangs around the seating area and acts cute to try to get some food.  The pizza proportions are pretty good, extra large is really what it is and it will fill you up for sure. Alas, campus pizza fails in the most important thing of all, the taste. Campus pizza is often described as rubber/cardboard pizza and after trying it over a few times, it is not an exaggeration. The sauce on the pizza is minimal, and the pizza does not taste very tender at all. The toppings are so-so. Pricing is so-so as well.  Only reason why it receives two stars instead of one is because it stays open relatively late, and because of the duck.
2 The store itself is a really small shop, with about 5 meter-square space for customers to stand and order.  They have a very limited pizza selection, though their sizes are adequate for most people's appetites. However, the downside is that their crust tastes horrible, with a rubber/cardboard texture that ruins the taste of the entire pizza. The tops aren't great either, which makes the very negative impression of their pizza quality.  The pricing is okay for pizza of such quality, although I've seen pizza with $3.00 + pop that taste better.  The only positive side of this place is that it opens until about 4:00am everyday, so if you ever get hungry during night, you won't have to worry about starve to death.
3 Maybe people haven't had really bad pizza, but this is far from what you'd call bad. They have a walk-in special something like $10 for a large with three toppings. It was big, not at all skimpy on cheese, meat toppings were satisfactory but pineapple was a little lacking. It was actually really tasty pizza. The crust was thick but had surprising lightness and a nice crisp and the edges. It's not gourmet, but it was one of the nicer grease-fest pizzas I've had in Ontario and certainly beats Pizza Pizza. Looking at the menus I think the slices were a little over-priced but I'm not familiar with the area, so maybe people think that's ok. The only thing that annoyed me was that there's not even a stool inside to sit on. There are picnic tables outside, but it's a little chilly for outdoor dining in late October. I'd go back if I were in the area.
3 Fast, cheap pizza. Tastes better when drunk.
4 This is a good, really cheesy (in the good way) pizza.  I'll be back tomorrow.
3 There quality of pizza is really good and they put a lot of cheese, so if you love very cheesy pizza this is the place to oder. The only thing I find overpriced is there delivery. Way to expensive for what you get and its probably that much because there the only pizza place that does delivery until 5am. But if you get there single slices its very cheap for the huge slice you get.
5 An institution for UW students. Huge, delicious and fresh slices at a reasonable price.
2 Although the pizza is super big, it's cold. Not very good. Maybe that's why it's cheap.
