3 I was sooooo excited to go to the David Yurman outlet... slightly disappointing.   I didn't really expect that they'd have a ton of stuff they currently have in the stores, but the majority of the merchandise was NOT my taste. A lot of it was really huge, large, flashy pieces. They had some of cable bracelets, but very unique stuff I've never seen- nothing really practical or classic. There was set I liked- all gold cookie necklace with matching earrings, but it still would have been super expensive. Some of the stuff is imperfect, so be careful. I was admiring a confetti necklace but the edges on all the pieces were rough and looked CHEAP. I was surprised that they'd even sell it at the Yurman outlet. My suggestion is to go with big money and an open mind. Perhaps you'll find something you'll like, but don't except to get anything 'normal'.
2 I was visiting my sister inlaw in Las Vegas and suggested we visit the David Yurman outlet, since I own alot of DY jewelry.  We entered the store and was nicely greeted.  Looked at the selection.  Found some pieces that were to our liking, I noticed that alot of it was older items but still nice.  We made our purchases givin a nice certificate of authenticity.  Up on getting back home I was looking closer at the piece my sister inlaw bought and noticed the stone loose and chipped.  I called the outlet and they said no returns.  We were just there, I talked to the manager and she would not budge.  My sister in law left with this damaged ring. My brother felt so bad for my sister in law , he went back and bought her something else in exchange.   But they will never go back.....the outlet won but lost in the long run.
4 I was so so so excited to get a chance to finally come to this outlet. I just happened to stop by on the last day of their additional 20% off sale that the mall was doing. SCORE!  It took a little for the salespeople to notice that I was serious about buying something. They must have shown me at least 20 rings before I finally decided on the one that I want. Everyone was super nice and helpful and helped me choose the perfect ring within my budget.  I wanted to see if they had any petite albions at the discounted price but apparently they never go on sale :[
5 I've been shopping here for years, and have always had a fabulous experience. We actually had a personal shopper at this store that emailed us rings that we were looking for as they came in. The deals have always been phenomenal, and I have never been disappointed in the quality of the jewelry. Most of the jewelry has been worn in a photo shoot and that is why it is discounted. I love a lot of the older styles which can be found at this outlet, but be warned they sell immediately. I've found some of my best pieces at this store, and they even let me do lay away. I cringe at buying David Yurman at a department store for full price. It's worth the drive out there or call them and they would be happy to email pieces they have. Happy shopping!
5 The David Yurman Outlet in Las Vegas is my absolute favorite store-I started shopping with them when I saw they won the award for Best Outlet in Las Vegas last year-and it's the truth! My sales professional is so helpful and always shows me the best pieces-she really gets my style and now I have a great collection. The prices are 30%-60% off retail, and they have a great selection and get new pieces all the time. My family out of town shops with them via email-they always send pictures of new arrivals. The quality of the merchandise is great-I've never had an issue-they are the same as the retail store, not manufactured for outlet. This is the only place to get reduced price on DY and the whole staff is just super!
4 I had a great experience in this store. Even though the salesperson wasn't sure we were going to buy anything she politely showed us all the pieces we were interested in. I found several items discounted that are still full price in the stores.  I left without anything as I couldn't decide but called back two days later and the women was great! She was able to even find me a ring I've been looking for that they didn't have in stock there.  At 30%-60% off I think if you find a piece here you love - get it! I heard it goes fast especially the typical stuff.   I am very happy with my experience and will be back or keep in close touch with my salesperson.  Now reading some of these other reviews makes me nervous. They  never said anything about it being used for photo shoots like another reviewer remarked I'm hoping since that was an old review that was something from awhile ago and not the case today. Shouldn't they tell you if that's the case?
