2 From a legal standpoint - these people are good at what they do. They specialize in family law and they are meticulous in their work. They won my case and the attorney I had (David) was most excellent in covering all the bases in my custody fight.   However, in my opinion, this firm lacks a personal caring touch. They are not very personable. They are also very expensive. My divorce, which they estimated to cost 4 thousand dollars ended up costing over twice that. At the end I was expecting some retainer back and found out to my surprise that not only was my retainer used up, but they also wanted an additional 14 hundred dollars. After paying seven thousand dollars, and not having more money, my advocate quickly turned into a hungry shark that is now threatening to sue me, even though I am trying to make an immediate payment and promising to pay off the account by the end of the month.  Because of this, I would not recommend this firm to anyone. Unless you are extremely wealthy, you may find that your ally has become your adversary.
5 I can't decide which I like more about this law firm:  A) They know Family Law and more inside out.  Between the attorneys there they have more than 50 years of experience combined.  That's a lot.  You can have confidence in their legal know-how and your representation.  Or..  B) They care so much about their clients, and they aren't caricatures in suits, they're real people; good people.  The attorneys are personable, professional and easy to talk to (even when it comes to matters that aren't easy to talk about).
1 RUDE... Don't even bother... Arrogant and condescending because I'm not knowledgable in LAW, I'm prepharm, I've dealt with other lawyers before, and he basically tells you that he doesn't want to hear it! What an a-hole! Even Orange County has better lawyers than this! GO elsewhere! Avoid!
5 Had some family legal issues that required the assistance of a legal team that deals specifically with family law.  The attorneys we dealt with were knowledgeable, patient, took the time to explain all of the legal proceedings and helped to guide us through the process quickly.  Very professional, easy to talk to and stand up attorneys all around throughout their firm.  Would highly recommend this law firm to anyone needing legal advice of family law matters.
