5 I swear I hear angels sing as I walk through the doors, as if I have arrived in my own personal heaven. Who doesn't love wall to wall libations and pretty much anything you would need to throw a BA house party! All the alcohol and mixers you could want, snacks, glass wear, and even little umbrellas! I just love this place and am so glad we have our very own here in QC!
5 Fabulous place to get wine, beer, spirits.  It also has amazing keg selection.
5 A liquor store the size of an Office Max and with the best selection in the state, killer prices, and kegs! When I first walked in I wanted to quit my job and apply there (That wouldn't end well, trust me.) Great selection of beer, wine, and liquor and they also have snacks, cheeses, caviar, fine cigars, and everything else you need for your party.  I heard angles sing too when I walked in Heather!
3 OK, this place has a great selection of wine from around the world, spirits of every kind including great scotches and vodkas and other useful things truly convenient to the Chronic Alcoholic, so why only 3 stars? It's to BLOODY EXPENSIVE!!! I find better wine deals across the street at the local super target and will even Slum It into Walmart to get a better price on Bacardi or Kettle One. I love that we have a store such as this in old back woods queen creek but at these prices it may not last. In all fairness there are deals to be had, but usually on Booze no one has ever heard of. Come on, help a Thirsty Girl Out!
3 Still terribly expensive, but the selection is always worth a look.  The Pinot Noir section is so Overpriced it's silly.  But, wow, I'm like a kid in a candy store while visiting BEVMO!
3 Good selection of oddball stuff, but everything seems expensive.   If you need a run-of-the-mill item, like Coors Light, you are better off buying it elsewhere because it is going to be more expensive here.  We're not talking a few pennies more, we're talking dollars, folks!
5 When we can't find something at Walmart, we come here. Great prices and a large variety of product!!
