5 Healing Touch is AMAZING.  I have been to several massage parlors in the valley and other states, and have never had as good of an experience as I have had at Healing Touch.  I found them on azspagirls.com and they were having a special, so I decided to try it out. I was so impressed with the experience.  First, the decor is awesome. You walk in and everything is Hawaiian themed. And not tacky. You start by getting special slippers then undress and change into a robe. After you are changed you head into a private waiting area that has a waterfall and treats and drinks.   All of the therapists are completely professional and do an amazing job. They are seasoned, so you wont have to worry about someone fresh out of college working on you.  I have had the Oahu Relaxation Massage, the Honu and the Lymphatic Drainage and I enjoyed all three. The last time I did a couples massage. Basically you can do one of the couples packages, or you and your significant other can just pick the massage you want and get them in the same room.  After the massage you can take a shower in the waterfall room. It has a huge rain head and four jets that make it an awesome experience. Very relaxing!  I would highly recommend heading out here. It's a little out of the way being at 116th street and Shea, but I drive over 30 minutes to get here at least once per month.   They have a monthly membership program, similar to Massage Envy, where you pay $39 per month and get a massage. You can upgrade to any of their massages, facials or wraps and you get a $59 credit. They have REALLY REALLY reasonable prices, as well.  Very clean, professional but relaxing environment.  Also, the owners recently went to Hawaii for a few weeks and actually sent a hand written post card to all of their members. I find this personal touch to be a really awesome thing.  Oh - they have really good hours too, and you can book your appointment online really easily.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5 This place is so awesome!!! I have been to a few other massage places like massage envy and it doesn't even compare to Healing touch.  There is a hawaiin theme, not cheesy or anything, and they really go with it the whole time. From the time you walk in, you are immediately relaxed. There is calming Hawaiin music playing and they take you to a room to change into a comfy robe. Then you sit in the waiting room and they have snacks and juice and hot tea and relax until your therapist is ready.   My last massage was with Mome and she was really great. She asked questions and found out what areas I really needed work on and focused there. She was very thorough and very professional. I am a little uptight about getting massages, but i always feel so comfortable here.   After your massage, you have the option to go to the waterfall shower, which I would highly recommend. It is really neat and relaxing, a great way to finish your experience.  the owners and staff are all so nice and friendly and make you feel like it is "your'" relaxation place. I signed up for the membership after my very first time going and am very happy that I did! The membership is really affordable and you don't get discount service for the lower price.  Bottom line, check this place out and you will surely be satisfied!!
5 Since my original review, I have been back to Healing Touch/ Hawaiian Experience Spa several times and have been extremely impressed every time.  I have switched exclusively to Steve (the owner) because he gives the best massages I have ever had. Hands down. Two experiences ago he made it a point to discuss my upper back and recommend a neuro-muscular massage to help get the tension out. I agreed and was so happy I did. Since that massage I have had far more neck mobility and generally feel less stressed!!  I am really excited that they are now open on Monday and Tuesday (which was my only complaint before) and am excited to get a facial with their new aesthetician!
4 Thanks to the Hawt on Yelp Week, which allowed me to sample some choice spas at reduced rates, I booked an Ultimate Facial at the Hawaiian Experience Spa.  At first, I was afraid of selecting a 90-minute facial; I wasn't sure if my sensitive skin would react well to that much attention.  It turned out to be a wonderful experience.   Pam C. was the person who did my facial.  There were three things I appreciated about her: 1. She described the different products and equipment she was using throughout the process, which was helpful since I had never had a facial before. 2.  She gave advice that did NOT include pedaling her products.  Many times when I go into salons or department stores, I feel uncomfortable with people trying to sell me more than what I came for.  I was grateful this didn't happen with Pam.  She did encourage me to go "back to the basics" in my skincare regime and stop overdoing it with too many products, but she did not try to sell me the products that were in the store.  On the other hand, she did explain the products that she was using and notified me which ones were sold at the spa.  I liked having the information without feeling obligated.   3.  She made it a point to make sure I felt comfortable.  As someone new to the scene of unmanageable breakouts, I certainly didn't feel confident sitting in a chair while a bright light magnified the problems going on with my skin.  Pam helped me get to the point where I actually enjoyed the facial.  She checked my satisfaction with the temperature of the room, gave me a relaxing foot and hand massage while masks dried on my face, and had a soothing style of interacting.   One month later, I have already scheduled an appointment to see her again.   Also, one good thing about the spa itself is its email deals.  I'm not accustomed to paying for spa treatments, so it helps to receive discounts.  Upon leaving my facial, I was informed that I could get a 30% reduced rate if I booked another treatment within the next month (I did).  During this past month, they also sent me emails for holiday and birthday discounts, and I took advantage of these too.  Now, I have my next three months of facials paid for, and they're all at reduced rates.
5 Two weeks ago I was in severe neck, rib (I had trouble deep breathing) and lower back pain in addition to having sciatic pain on both legs. I am a recent transplant from San Francisco and had no idea where to go for a medical massage. I was not able to sleep for several days due to pain. On Sunday morning I went on yelp to see what people where saying and found this and recommendations for Steve. Not only did they see me within 1/2 hour of my urgent call for help, but they even waited for me an extra 1/2 hour b/c we got lost getting there. THANK GOD I WENT TO STEVE. Immediately after the massage I was able to have more mobility and my ribs weren't as constricted by muscle tension such that I could breath without any problems. He listened to what I said, advised me ahead of time to let him know if it's too much pressure and explained which spots were a mess and his guess as to why.  Then he suggested stretches I could do to help reduce weekly tension. I went back today and really, he is an amazing therapist. I have much greater neck mobility. Say goodby to your chiropractor
4 I booked a 90 minute hot lava rock massage and really had a wonderful experience.  From the moment you enter the spa, you feel relaxed.  Juliana did a great job on my back, which was just tense from 6 weeks of travel, and the soft Hawaiian music in the background, and sounds of the sea had me waking myself up from drifting into a slight snore.  I liked the availability of a shower and nice products to use after you were done.  The rates are affordable and the service is professional.
3 Our experience here was amazing. I purchased the Chocolate Lovers Treatment for couples for my Sig Oth's b'day.  This package includes a Chocolate Scrub (exfoliation), Chocolate Wrap (hyrdration) and massage with chocolate mousse lotion for 2. (120 minutes). (He's a choco-whore).  First, let me preface this review by stating that the person I made an appointment with screwed up our appointment dates. I had originally had it scheduled for Monday (my S.O's b'day). A day later I found out I couldn't get the day off so I rescheduled for the previous Sunday instead. The enthusiastic voice on the other end stated that  "we were all set for Sunday". Well, when we get there Sunday, he's like, "I don't have you down".   Usually, I'm a hot head but I was cool and agreed to come in next Sunday instead. Which was today.  I (the female) was serviced by the handsome hippy, Jarid. My S.O. (male), by the beautiful, Pam C.  They were very cool & mellow peeps and even though we were "braving it" by stripping down completely NEKKID, they made us feel comfortable.   We each very much enjoyed our scrubs, wraps and massages & will definitely come back for any of the above. As a matter of fact, we're considering membership to get the discount. Why not treat ourselves once a month?  Well, at the end of this package, we got a yummy key lime slice of pie and tall glass of vanilla ice cream to split.  The decor was awesome. We are both major Hawaii fans, so this place was a perfect pre-cursor to our upcoming trip to Maui. Hawaiian music plays softly in the background (Izzy, mostly). The floor in our massage room was cork and the floor throughout was pebbletec (?)  The double shower was romantic, beautiful and fun.  The manager was kind enough to not only honor an AZspagirls coupon that really didn't apply, but he hooked us up with an extra lotion in addition to the chocolate body scrub and organic Green & Black choco-bar that  comes with the package.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars from me is because after our experience was over, we had our post-treat in the same lounge that tense folks coming in shared. And that feels weird in just a robe with nothing underneath. I would love to continue the intimate, experience alone with my mate in a separate location from incoming patrons.  Staff was friendly, accommodating and very good at what they do. I soon forgot I was completely unclothed (well that is, until we were in the lounge with another couple and another woman). It was an excellent experience that we totally recommend and are bound to repeat ourselves.  Updated: 5/16/10 - A couple of days after my spa experience, there was an extremely sore muscle(s) in the rotator cuff area. Maybe it was the rotator cuff, itself. It lasted several weeks, though.   When I sent an email to the owner, she stated that Jarid stated that there is nothing he'd done that could have caused that pain. Not necessarily true. What came to mind was this move where he put my arm behind my back as if he was about to handcuff me and did some kind of maneuver from there. It felt weird but not painful at the time. I think that's where it came from but I have no proof and its pretty much all better now. She suggested if it continued to come back for more therapy.  I'm neutral on this one.
3 If I was just reviewing the massages given by Steve Ibach (one of the owners of the spa), I would give this place six stars~ he's that good!  He's so good that I forget that I'm getting a massage.  It feels like waves are either crashing or caressing down on my body.  He's by far the best massage therapist I've encountered.  And I love my massages.  And I love me some Lomi Lomi.  Why 3 stars?  I found when I was a member there that the listings of services were hard to decipher~ almost too many choices or the website was not easy to navigate or understand.  A couple of times I had bad experiences with a massage therapist other than Steve.   Plus with all the constant discounts and specials they offered, I wasn't sure after awhile if I was saving money by being a member.  It was all too confusing for me to figure it out so being this place was a little too far from my house, I decided to opt out.    Even though by opting out, I am missing out on the best massages Phoenix has to offer by way of Lomi Lomi Steve!!
5 This was an incredible experience, by far the best massage I've had.  The Lomi Lomi style is quite a bit different from the common Swedish massage that I'm used to - it's more flowing and organic, where you really can forget about what's happening and just relax and enjoy the experience.  I went with the double Lomi Lomi, which was with two therapists.  Normally I can't really zone out during a massage, so I'm never truly relaxed.  But after a few minutes, my mind just went blank and I was able to peacefully drift away.  The facilities are comfortable and clean, and the people were all friendly and very helpful.  The prices are very reasonable - comparable to Massage Envy (which I've been a member of for a couple years) for the basics.  However, I'm now hooked on the premium double Lomi Lomi - it's a little more expensive, but it's totally worth it.
4 I am bumping this place up to 4 stars because I just love the massages that Steve Ibach gives.  Seriously the best.  Got lured back with a special offer of free 90min Lomi Lomi massage with membership and I've been happy since being back.  The drive is still a bit far but it's worth it.  The other day, after I was done with my half marathon and I went in to see Steve and he totally gave me just the massage that I needed to get over my soreness.  And believe me, I was plenty sore!  Wow, I just glanced over and saw that Joe E. had the double Lomi Lomi massage . . . geez, that must be like going to heaven.  I'll have to get one of those one of these days!  Valentine's Day is coming up.  If you want your better half to be yours forever, I suggest getting them a membership to this place~ they'll love you . . . well, for at least a whole year before they start hinting that they want the membership for another year!
4 We visited while in town for the BCS game.  Although the location is a little far from Phoenix, it's well worth the drive. Lomi Lomi is an experience, a relaxing, soothing massage unlike the deep tissue, traditional Swedish. They supply showers, towels and a dressing room with robe & slippers.  I would definitely book another appointment when I'm in AZ again.   Thanks
5 Went to the spa due to a back injury and wanted to try something different.  I got Steve the owner.  He did a medical/therapeutic massage.  Was the best massage I've ever had, hands down.  I have been having massage done for years and have never had anything close to this.  Could stand straight when I left, and felt better than I had in many months.  I bought a membership and have continued going and seeing Eric.  Again, never had anything like the types of massage and leave feeling amazing.  I would recommend these guys to anyone.  If you've been going to Massage Envy, you haven't been getting a real massage!!
4 Had a wonderful lomi-lomi massage here on a recent visit to Scottsdale. Steve the owner was my therapist, he did a great job, love the facilities. Very clean, everyone was friendly and efficient. I knocked off one star for the tiny locker room and lack of steam room or sauna. This really is JUST a massage facility. However, it's adorable and relaxing and the massage was top notch.
4 This is the only massage place I will go from now on.  I love the massages by Steve Ibach, he knows what he is doing.  My old body has so many aches and pains and he focuses on whatever is ailing you.  The place is small, however it is very cozy and you feel at home.
2 I debated between 1 and 2 Stars and decided on two stars since I did enjoy my membership for over a year and would have given five stars based on the experiences of over a year.  I was prompted to write this review when I saw a sign on the door that indicated "check us out on Yelp."  In December 2011 I canceled my membership since I my schedule was making it challenging to utilize the benefits.   When I canceled my membership I received a nice email from the owner, Cathy Ibach, saying my existing massage credits ($98) would roll over into a cash balance (I wouldn't be eligible for the membership discounts but could use the cash balance towards spa treatments.  I scheduled an appointment for today, but when I arrived I was told my account had a zero balance.  I showed the email from the owner and the front desk person verified I had not visited the spa since the email was written.  She indicated she would have to research my account and canceled today's appointment.   So I am apparently out $98 and wasted my time today when I had hoped to have a relaxing massage.  I work in the customer service industry and we understand mistakes happen, but it is how you treat the customer and provide solutions that keep customers happy.
4 Update: I received an email the next day from Cathy Ibach apologizing  for an error on her part in not updating my account balance when I discontinued my membership.  Cathy offered me an upgrade to a 90 minute Lomi Lomi massage.  I scheduled the massage yesterday with Mary and it was a very therapeutic and relaxing experience.  I am pleased that this issue was corrected and updated my rating to four stars. Thank you Cathy for resolving this issue and renewing my confidence in the fine services Hawaiian Experience Spa provides.
5 Hawaiian Experience spa is a gem in northeast Scottsdale that has quickly become my go to place for relaxation and piece of mind.  Today I splurged on a 90 minute relaxation massage followed by a 50 minute facial.  Eric my massage therapist was outstanding.  He used swedish and lomi lomi techniques and I was like gel in this hands.  For those that haven't tried lomi lomi its not like a traditional massage because long body strokes are used with fluid movements.  Absolutely unreal.  And to top things off you can go finish up in the Waterfall Shower Room.  Its exactly like it sounds...AWESOME. For an extra indulgance, splurge for a body scrub after your massage. Not only will you leave relaxed you will leave soft and polished.  My facial was a standard native facial and Yvette did a great job.  Their product line is super luxurious and you will leave glowing.   I opted for the membership and the benefits are absolutely worth it.  If you are unsure try one off their new client specials- you won't be disappointed.  (and don't forget to ask for a trip to the waterfall shower room)
5 Simply the best therapists in town in a clean, warm, friendly environment run by owners whoe realy care.
5 I've been here a few times and most recently took advantage of their anniversary sale and treated myself to a 90-minute anti-aging facial with Pam.  Peel me off the table, I was jelly in her hands.  They use Eminence products which are natural and feel so nice on your skin.  I could have stayed for 180 minutes and looked 20 years younger.  Well maybe not.  Anyway, I like this place.  It's intimate and personal and they have some of the BEST therapists.  I was fully relaxed and refreshed when I left.  The owners give extra attention to the little details and it shows.  Everything is clean, well maintained and spotless.  (Thank you for the comfy robe, slippers and chocolate treat found in my locker.)    I would recommend Hawaiian Experience Spa to anyone looking for something special but still budget-friendly.  They have very accomodating hours of service.  This is a locally owned and operated establishment, not your run-of-the-mill franchise spa. They also offer some attractive member options for those who wish for regular indulgences.  Keep up the good work, Steve & Kathy.
4 Miss Ebony treated me to a little mini Spa day at the Hawaiian Experience Spa this past Saturday - A massage and facial.    I had my massage first, with Jared.  A majority of the knots in my right shoulder (my problem shoulder) were worked out and I walked out of the room feeling like someone had just shot me with a tranq dart.  LOL    My facial was decent.  I have to say though, I've had better at the school.  I asked for extractions, as my nose is a warzone for blackheads at times.  TMI?  Lol   Anyhow, she barely did any extractions.  I ended up cleaning up my nose myself the next day at home.  Will I return?  Probably not for a facial.
5 My very best girlfriend wanted to have a day of pampering. She wanted to use massage school coupons and I was like hmmm not gonna happen. Let me find a place and we can use my Spa Finder gift certificates and spoil ourselves rotten. Fast forward to me finding this sweet little spot, especially since everything thinks she is Hawaiian ( which she isn't but looks it) We were each able to receive a special they had going on for a 50 min facial and a 50 min massage for $98 each as first time clients! SCORE!!  Now the Spa is a little hard to find, but I cannot even knock them for that as once you arrive, they spoil you rotten. It really does look like you just walked into a spa located in Hawaii! Everything is so tranquil and they show you around so that you know exactly where everything is. They give you these comfy robes and shoes to put on and tell you to relax and let them take care of the rest.  Mariposa did my facial and I was so happy when she said to me " You have great skin!" Score one for my momma and her good genes lol. She did an excellent job and for someone who is not fond of facials, I was relaxed and glowing when I walked out of that room 50 mins later. My face still feels heavenly.  Jarid did my massage for me and he was like "good grief woman you are so tight"! I told him that I blame boot camp for that.  He even asked me if I was sore and I was like not really. I guess I am so use to the abuse I get from boot camp I didn't even realize or notice just how tight and sore I was until Jarid got a hold of me. Good grief!  He worked every single knot and muscle in my body to where I felt like jello when he was done. My back and arms felt great considering I didn't know how sore I was until he was done. Just like my facials, I am not one to get massages very often so this was a great little treat. It made me realize that I will need to do this again more often.  So will I be back. Yup! Will I ask for Jarid and Mariposa? Yup! Will I be able to find the spa now? YUP!  It was so worth it!
5 I scooped up 2 travelzoo deals for my bestie and I to use while she was in town visiting.  $45 for a one hour lomi lomi massage.  What a steal!!  This spa is in an old massage envy location in a strip mall, but they have done a good job making it feel as close to Hawaii as possible.  It is newly renovated and very clean.    The massages were awesome.  We both loved our treatments.  My bestie had nothing but amazing things to say about Linda, her therapist.  Needless to say, we both left feeling amazing.  One of my favorite things about the spa was their retail selection of Hawaiian body and spa products.  The lotions they sell there, and have for use around the spa, are amazing.  I had to buy one and every time I use it, I get the urge to run back there.  I am still mulling over buying a membership here, it was just a really welcoming, relaxing, tropical place to spend time, and I definitely want to go back!!
5 I've been going to Hawaiian Experience Spa for almost a year. It's a great place with a fun Hawaiian themed environment. Stacy is my regular therapist. She's absolutely awesome. She helped me regain full motion in my shoulder months after I was recovering from a dislocation. The massages are relaxing and therapeutic at the same time -- like relieving neck and back pain stress. Stacy is really knowledgeable and professional, and always a pleasure. I highly recommend this spa -- a really great value and wonderful experience.
5 WOOF!  Every time I'm in Phoenix and have the time...I drive out to the northeast corner of Phoenix...Scottsdale....to Hawaiin Experience.  after sitting on a plane for a few hours....I try to make it here right away.  Funny thing is, being from Northern California, I can't find any Lomi Lomi massage...now combine that with traditional Swedish and you have the makings of one of the best 90 min massages around.  I've always had whomever they had on staff, and on this visit, I was not dis-appointed........Linda was perfect.  Found my knots, stress & issues....of coure the ultimate compliment is to fall asleep during the session..yes, she is that good.   I have no problem recommending this spa....a little secret well worth driving to.  Mahalo
5 Did facial+massage+body scrub through gruopon. This place is great. The massage i got from backy was the best i ever got!!!!!
5 A nice perk of being a member of the Hawaiian Experience Spa is that you get a nice discount on any services you receive for one day on your birthday week.  The membership also allows you to use either the Chandler location or the Scottsdale location.  We normally go to the Chandler spa to get massages and facials, but we decided to try out the Scottsdale spa for a change!  The spa is nestled in the NE corner of Frank Lloyd Wright and Via Linda, in the Walgreens shopping plaza.  In design and layout, it's similar to the Chandler spa.  There are some minor differences though.  Instead of the nice waterfront view in Chandler's relaxation lounge, there is a TV that shows some Hawaiian scenes.  There is just one shower in the Scottsdale location, and it is a bit smaller, although they are planning on adding another shower in the future.    I tried the 90 minute Waikiki massage, a combination of more traditional therapeutic massage and lomi-lomi.  Steve, as usual, did a great job at handling those tough knots and tension spots that are omnipresent in my back, shoulders, and neck.  The lomi-lomi portion of the massage is definitely a full-body massage, and almost every major muscle gets massaged, including the abdominals.  The coconut oil they use for the massage smells great and leaves your skin super soft and hydrated.    Another perk for your birthday week is that you can pick out an item from their store at 50% off, a great deal for their high quality products.  I picked up the strawberry exfoliant powder which is the same exfoliating agent they use in the native facial.  I used it today and my skin feels great!  All the staff here are very friendly, and it's always nice talking to co-owner Cathy, who was manning the front today.  She's always so warm and welcoming!
5 My boyfriend and I stopped at the Scottsdale location as we were driving across the country. We had the Waimea couple massage. We thoroughly enjoyed out entire experience. I had a therapist named Jarid and he had Stacy. Both were very friendly and professional. They took the time to make sure we got everything we wanted from our session. The massage was truly the best one I have ever had! After our session we were taken to the shower room. There was a giant shower head over us and body jets along the wall. It was a great way to wrap up a massage. They offered several different products in the shower to use that all smelled great. We will definitely be back the next time we are in town. We want to try out some of their other services and get back in the shower!
5 Open scene: one of my best girlfriends and I decide to meet in Scottsdale.  Spa-ing is of course on the list of things to do. Yelp tells me this place has some of the best reviews in town. First tip, dear yelpers, do not get nervous when you see it is next to a Papa John's pizza.  Second? Just go. Period. I have been to my share of spas in my life and my massage from Linda is in the top 2 massages EVER. Skip the hotel/resort spa and come here. Book the half day package, sign up for lomi lomi, it is a transforming ritual. Get ok with being mostly naked with a strategically placed towelette and lots of coconut oil. You will not regret it. The facial with the other Linda? Heavenly. First time in my life that I haven't been pushed a million skin care products to buy. Linda was knowledgeable and very into natural skin care, which as a San Francisco granola bar, I appreciate.  All in all....a great 5 hours and the value I got for my 300 and some bucks was redonk. That would cost at least 600 in San Fran. So, iffin you are ever in Scottsdale, do not miss this place!
5 I got a Hawaiian Experience massage from Linda W.  I felt reborn, it was so amazing I would recommend her to anyone. Linda
5 Based on Yelp reviews, I gave Hawaiian Experience a try.  Steve gave one of the best massages I've ever had.  I play a lot of tennis and have plenty of tight muscles and an old shoulder injury.  The deep tissue massage was excellent,  and I signed up for for an annual membership in their club - something I would normally avoid.  During May, you can sign up for the club ($59 a month instead of $109 for a 60 minute massage), and get a free massage or facial.  I'm so excited to have found an excellent massage at a very reasonable price and close to home.  Thank you, Yelp!
5 Zach and Liz created a relaxing and wonderful experience. We celebrated our anniversary w a couples massage!  So worth it!!
5 Request linda! She is amazing!! Had bad pain in neck an shoulder after she worked on me I felt 100% better! She makes u feel totally relaxed an calm :-) My husband and I are Addicted to this spa treatment!! TOTALLY AMAZING!
5 I've been going to Hawaiian Experience now for several years.  They are the most professional, most experienced massage therapists.  Linda and Stacy G. are both excellent in any form of massage.  They address my unique needs and I never leave the spa disappointed.  As a member I receive my massages at a special price and it's worth every penny.
5 I have been a member of Hawaiian Experience Spa for almost 2 years.  I am an experienced spa-goer in some of the nicest places in the world.  Hawaiian Experience is a great spa.  The quality of their massages is consistently excellent.  Also, they have specialty massages that are not available at typical spas.  Whenever my friends and family come to town to visit, they always look forward to being pampered at Hawaiian Experience. The treatment I get most often is the Thai Massage by Jarid.  It is an awesome way to loosen up and relax the entire body.
5 As a massage therapist myself, I have been looking for a good therapist that listens to my muscles and my needs. I got a special promotion to try out a new therapist by the name of Dorena and she was fantastic!!  Dorena possesses all the skills and talents I look for in a therapist. She is quiet when I want to be quiet, so that I can relax and enjoy the bodywork she is giving. But she is sweet and easy to talk to during the intake portion of the appointment. Also, I really felt that she was connected to my body. Her hands were very intuitive as to which muscles were super sore or tight. And she was punctual and gave me my full time (some therapists try to cut sessions short by a few minutes which are valuable moments).  I also enjoyed the facility. Their coconut oil smells amazing!!! And they have an amazing shower to use after your session. Made for a great, relaxing experience. I was able to go about my day without worrying about going home to clean up before I headed out again. Very convenient. I also feel that their memberships are VERY reasonable. I can't wait to go to my next appointment. I felt like I had a new body when I left last time! Oh, and they have a great selection of retail items. I enjoyed the coconut scent that I bought a body lotion just to continue the pleasant experience at home.
5 This was one of best and most relaxing massages I have ever had. I will highly recommend Becky to everyone I know!"
5 What a wonderful experience! If you can't get to Hawaii this is the closest you will get! The Hawaiian Experience Spa was just that! I had the Lomi Lomi Massage for 120 minutes with an excellent massage therapist. The owners have done allot of hard work! There were so many extra perks too! They have a Tiki room where you can relax before and after in your robe! (It was stocked with water, fresh fruit and a variety of treats)! After your massage you can shower in this natural looking walk in shower with two rain fall shower heads and two body jets that spray the front and back of your body at the same time! Personally after the shower I went back to the Tiki room and read two Hawaiian magazines while listening to the Hawaiian music. It was so wonderful to relax after the massage. You get to stretch out your experience and soak in some more relaxation. In that way it felt more personal there was no rush.  If you're looking for a great place you won't be disappointed! After my experience I signed up for a whole year! It wasn't even a question for me.   P.S. Nikki was my massage therapist she was seamless in her technique, very focused, and very talented!  Thank you! I am looking forward to my next visit!
2 Customer service is poor. They sent me an email for a promotion. I booked the appointment on their website and and received a confirmation.  They canceled my reservation the next day. I booked it the same day that I received their email. They shouldn't promote services that are not available.
1 I feel I need to respond to the incorrect response by the management of this business. Your website clearly states and I QUOTE "on 7/17/14 all massages will be on sale for $29 per hour for clients who have visited the spa in the last 24 months" No where does it say the promotion is for members only. Read your own website. Also, your office did NOT call the same day to cancel the reservation. It was the next day after I received a confirmation for my appointment. You made a mistake and now are trying to deny it. I have phone records and confirmation emails as well as screen shots of your promotion text proving you wrong. Take responsibility for your business.
