2 Quick shitty pizza found in malls and airports.. though big slices and decent prices.
3 I definitely will stop here again!   Good veggies in the culinary no man's land of the C terminal at McCarran.  The only other food I could find which was vegan in this terminal was the veggie burger at Burger King and a veggie burrito (hold the cheese) at some Mexican chain.  If you are looking for truly healthy food, get the vegetable "side" topped with marinara.  Not overcooked, but lightly steamed pieces of broccoli, winter squash, zucchini, and carrots.  Very high nutrient to calorie ratio, healthy eating in the midst of slot machines and fast food junk.  Plus, right across from the counter is a bunch of tables right along the wall which are relatively private.
3 Pepperoni, sausage, ham, and bacon pizza hit the spot after a 20 oz of Stella Artois over at Tequileria. Nice crispy crust with a crunch, large slices... Nothing to really complain about!  ... Except the lack of tables to sit at. Some random middle-aged guy just joined me at the table and offered me fries from Burger King.
3 For a quick, airport stop at 7 in the morning, I have nothing but good things to say. The food was fresh, the service was fast, and I didn't have to have a "breakfast sandwich." I was starving when we went after running around for the holiday season and I needed real sustenance. The pizza was hot and fresh and I got a side of veggies that were delicious. My boyfriend got a calzone that was amazing with or without the marinara. I'd eat there again, on the run.
2 I was wanting to find the pizza hut express to get one of those mini pizzas to take with me on the plane, but I didn't have the time to go look for it. I only had 50 minutes and I barely got there in time to line up with my section even though this was on the way.   I ordered a slice of supreme even though I wanted pepperoni. The guy in front of me ordered the last three slices for his family. How annoying!   Pros:  -It was relatively quick and the pizza was edible.   Cons:  -Did not have more pepperoni or cheese pizza ready to go, but had plenty of the less popular flavors. -Barely any pizza sauce on my pizza.  -Crust thicker than I'd like it to be for NY style pizza. -Pizza didn't seem as fresh and warm and other chains.  -Expensive- almost $5 a slice.  -Workers aren't that friendly.
3 Not bad pizza for an airport quick bite. Line was quick. Seating was not plenty, but was able to grab spot right away.
3 Lots of portions and tastes like any other sbarro. staff wasnt too friendly but they were really busy so I dont blame them. The food is simple, but filling. mmm. Im going to eat my leftovers now. =)
2 The line here moved terribly slow due to indifferent employees. We have flights to catch, people! They offered to warm up some peoples pizza slices but not others. I'm not sure what the qualifier was.   Sbarro pizza is generally predictable. What can you really expect from a food court? I do enjoy the large slices, though that's what I expect when they charge you the price of half a large pizza.   I would have liked more time to explore some different food options. I'd recommend you do the same.
1 Sbarro is always the worst thing ever, but sometimes, when you are in an airport and you need to cram a quick bite down your gullet, you take the hit.  And sometimes when you do that, you will discover that the terrible Sbarro you grew up with at your local mall was in fact a superb and splendid culinary experience compared to what the Las Vegas airport offers by way of Sbarro.    I am 95% sure if you fed this to an elderly person or a small child, both groups with immune system issues, it would kill them.
