4 Newest casino in Vegas - six reasons to hit up the east side's version of Red Rock:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=W_GX-Y-dbmS5WWMcvP3RYg  1. Ok well it's no Red Rock.  The Boulder Hwy casinos are like a newer version of downtown, with more modern amenities and a more mixed crowd, but still kinda cheap.  So if you like low limit gambling like $5 blackjack, craps, and roulette, and 1-2 NL and 2-4 L poker, this place is for you.  This new "Eastside Cannery" is the latest, with a cool "Rosie the Riveter" retro theme.  2. On this opening Thursday night, the place was really hoppin.  The blackjack and craps tables were all completely full:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=dNek-585lb4cDkZ3rltNYg  Bursting at the seams even:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=UotxL53yD4xk8l--NxHCww  I've been to the Palazzo a number of times and I've never seen the tables there even half full, honestly.  This place will give the big casinos on the Strip with their high limits a run for their money.  3. Nice little sportsbook:    http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=iPvy5RYGgXxuQBjmqJuWcw  Just after this photo was taken, the lady in pink yelled "Bet it all on the pretty horsey!!" and then collapsed in a cloud of second hand smoke and foundation powder, which I thought was exciting.  The half pound burgers at the Deli next door are solid, very Whopper:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=ayiWVcVfzKrf_O1aRlEz2g  4. Nice little poker room:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=Hy79W1ER8nK49eDfo3Mo9A  The 6 tables were split three 1-2 NL (looked like some pretty good action) and three 2-4 limit (also known as "a slow way to die").  I briefly considered playing but then remembered how much I hate that game nowadays.  5. Slots!  Lots and lots of slots!  Ebay slots:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=XtKm5YY9WyrzqzyIoGoL4Q  I'm amused that ebay slots are no different than any other slots, same rules, they just have pictures of purses and shoes on them.  And Lucky Fortune slots:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=zeT99v-phTkOAYnUcH-eVg  And Wheel of Fortune slots:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=dthVjmiV41g-ITGkaNr1ow  I would play slots but I like games where you can, like, win.  6. A 500 seat bingo hall for the Hells Angels mainline heroin crowd:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm7o2eMaYAEHS8YRn_EQ?select=dDPionTyj6hhTh941ti0yQ  So the Eastside Cannery is "doubling down" on the old school Vegas staple of cheap low limit gambling that the Strip seems to consider beneath itself at this point.  No uber rich Asian businessmen or Middle Eastern oil magnates here, just the low rollers.  This night that approach seemed to be working, with not an empty table in the house.
4 Stayed over on a Saturday night to check out the rooms of the newest hotel in town.  The check-in process was easy, although the clerk remained silent through the entire process.  Normally, I prefer a communicative clerk that confirms the type and location of room I am getting.  In this case, I had to ask her if the room was a smoking room with 2 doubles as I had requested when I booked it online.  It wasn't and she wasn't aware of my request, so she had to start over.    The room itself was large and airy and nicely decorated in a contemporary style with a warm color scheme of golds, browns and rust. Slightly larger bathtub than most hotels in town with an out-curving shower curtain rod which gives you a little more room when standing in the tub.  Large desk with 2 chairs and floor-to-ceiling windows with blackout curtains.  A large comfy chair next to the bed is perfect for relaxing and watching the large flat-screen TV.  Only 1 waste basket in the entire room, which I thought was a little odd.  No fridge, but I believe you can request one for an extra charge.  Beds were high and fluffy and very comfy with lots of pillows (love that)!  The only meal we ate here was breakfast in the morning at their coffee shop, Snaps.  Service was rather slow, as it took about 1/2 hour for our meals to arrive, but our ham and eggs with biscuit and gravy was scrumptuous and filling and very reasonably priced at $4.99!!!  I would not hesitate to book a room here again and I highly recommend it to locals and tourists alike.
3 Went to the brand new night club there One Six Skylounge, don't be fooled by their advertisements, the strip isn't nearly as viewtastic as they make it out to be. It's def. a locals joint, but I like the abundance of seats and the fact that cocktails are $6 versus the strips $10.   Best thing about the East Side Cannery, and maybe the only real great thing, is their cafe's midnight specials. Steak, hashbrowns, and eggs for $2.99, or a stack of the biggest pancakes you've ever seen for $1.99!
3 If this casino was on the strip, I would give it four stars.  Howevver, having to traipse to the East side of Las Vegas is not necessarily quick and easy when the speed limits are 35-45 mph in certain areas.  I guess they have to worry about us running into seniors and children.  Its Vegas, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas  We were here for 4 days of the Las Vegas Film Festival, it was a worthy visit since sometimes, you are confined to one area of Las Vegas and you can't judge a book by reading just one chapter (although some could say - the first lines could be a bad sign - It was a dark stormy night.)  I stayed with family while Brian stayed at the hotel for four days  So I did see his room and thought it was a nice view, spacious room and everything is new and the rates are really low!.   If you just need a place to stay, this will be the cheapest of the new casinos in Las Vegas and not as far to the strip as you might think..  As far as gambling, bingo and other amenities, the place has the typical lounge (the theme prevailing seems to be 50's icon or stuff), Marilyn's lounge, Carve restaurant (only open on nights 4:30 -9:30), it has another Mexican restaurant, a deli and the 24 hr Snaps restaurant.  There is also the Pinups bar.  I hated that they don't allow pets (which is the reason I had to stay at my mom's place about 20-25 min away)  Tables and gaming was okay, their low limit on roulette was 50 cents and BJ can be played at 3 bucks (same as Primm and other outlying casinos before you hit the real LV or downtown LV).  The newness helps for this place, valet parking is good but if you are coming home at 1-5 am, expect only 1 valet person as opposed to normal 3.  Overall, Eastside is really nice right now, so try it as soon as you can.  The next door casinos are not necessarily something to write home about, SAMs Town and a smallish casino restaurant across the street next to a motel.  Double Deuces the double decker bus does go to the strip so if you have no transportation, maybe if you are patient, you can use that instead of taking a cab.  So  Moving Up to the Eastside is not necessarily a big piece of the sky   Speaking of which, the Sky Lounge restaurant at the 14th floor has a very nice view of the strip at night.
2 I hit up Eastside for some grub a couple nights in the last month with a buddy who's been living here for awhile.  He's a fan and says he gets good deals on the cafe and buffet with the coupons from the club he's in with them.    We went with a coupon for 2 for 1 buffet on seafood night.  It was alright, the line took us 30 minutes to get through but the food was on the disappointing side.  I like the all you can eat oysters, but they were dried out, not too unexpected at a buffet.  There is a pasta bar, but there was one guy making it and it took 20 minutes to get it.  The sauce was supposed to be alfredo; a good alfredo sauce should have your heart slowing down and wondering if you're next move should be to the ER, but the sauce was pretty runny and the lack of cream might have actually made it not unhealthy.    We went to the cafe another night, and the steak was pretty comparable to the Longhorn across the street which has 4.99 steak dinner, the one here cost 15.99 (OK, it did come with several fried shrimp).  The fixings were standard, broccoli and carrots with mashed potatoes.  Dessert was also uninspiring, caramel (again runny) apples with whip cream.  If you're on the East side looking for a bite, you'll do alright here, but if you're looking for the deal, it's across the street.
1 This place has gone downhill from day 1 that it opened. When they first opened, there was a nice little restaurant that was similar to a buffet, and you'd get a bunch of little plates of food you wanted to eat. The food was tasty and all that.  The next time we came a couple weeks later, they had decided this business model wasn't working for them, so they did "family style" food where you ordered huge plates of food and were given little serving dishes to share with your group.   Ate there a couple times like that, and it progressively got worse each time we did.   Gave up and tried the cafe, which was edible, but not good by any means.   The table games are average for customer service etc, but not enough to make me go back along with all the bad food.
4 In general I rank Casinos by the quality of the toilet tissue they have in their restroom. Personally I think that is a great way to see how much they'll spend on making a possible customer feel good.   Other than that "Eastside Can" as I have nick named it, is great. 100x odds on craps is amazing, and you can even midround enter at the blackjack so I wouldn't be surprised if there are some blackjack groups working the system with a big player, flat betteors, and a huge number of signals a la "21".   I think the food is good. The onion rings at the 24hour cafe are the best I've had at any casino, and Carve is decent as well. Now I haven't really aten at their deli (except for the monday night football deals which are good btw), italian, or mexican restaurants, but really it's not hard to make pasta, burritos, or a sandwich.   On the whole I think this is by far one of the best locals places in the city. Sans movie theatre...but they did host a film festival!
4 When I heard I was going to stay at a new hotel off the strip, I was skeptical..   Yes, it's def an off the strip hotel, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The theme's pin up girls from what I saw.  It was nice and clean inside, cute looking on the outside.  They even have Leanne Rhimes coming to perform this month, not bad.  What I'm most impressed by was the quality of the rooms.  Seriously, a $60 room had two large, plus beds, a small fridge, large TV and a clean bathroom.  Pay a little more for a suite and you get a big bathroom/jacuzzi between the living room and bathroom!  Our room was only $30 on Sunday, and let me tell you, these rooms are nice.. even nicer than some places you find on the strip.  one Con:  you need a hotel key to get up and down the elevator which gets annoying sometimes if the key won't behave.. or when you've had too much to drink.
4 Wow!  I was impressed.  When I was first informed that we'd be staying off strip, I was a little bit sad.  However, the Eastside Cannery proved to be a nice place to stay.  One of the best parts of the Eastside Cannery is that the amount of smoke floating around is relatively low.  It's nice to just walk around.  While it's a bit lacking in tables, video machines are abundant.  I had a good time with quarter video blackjack.  Now, with that having been said, it does lack a lot of the glitz of the bigger casinos.  There aren't any shows or extras.  It reminds me a lot of some of the reservation casinos.  If you're looking for someplace nice to stay off strip, this is definitely a place you should check out!
5 I love this place. Economical (my room was discounted at $50) and the room was gorgeous. Bad news: It's not on the strip. Honestly, I found that to be a plus, just because I am one of the few who actually sleep in Vegas. I know, I know. If you feel like renting a car, or are driving, this is a pretty cool spot. I guess you could say it's more for adults who come to Vegas to gamble and see shows, and a little less for hard partiers.
4 This is my grandmother's favorite casino and whenever I visit her in Las Vegas, we go here to gamble a bit and eat. It's a decent place and I enjoyed playing here.
4 This is a new casino on the site of what used to be the old Nevada Palace. If you ever wanted to know what Vegas was like in the 70's, then the good old NP could help you out. They have since torn down that place and erected this ultra modern hotel/casino. I didn't stay or gamble there, but we did sample the buffet, and I have to say, I was impressed.   My Vegas buffet standbys are the Firelight at Sam's Town (arguably the best in Vegas) and the Feast Buffet at Sunset or Boulder Station. However, the buffet at Eastside is comparable, if not a little better in some respects. They have the typical Asian, Mexican, and American fare. The food, however, didn't appear "picked over" as buffet items sometimes do. I especially enjoyed the BBQ pork tenderloin. It was moist and the BBQ sauce had a nice zing to it. The Asian food was good, but I didn't notice any soups and the selection was a bit limited. The Mexican fare was also decent. I didn't make it to the Italian section--next time.   One thing I really appreciated is that all of the food was properly labeled. Seems like a minor detail, but there is nothing worse than seeing something labeled as chicken that is definitely NOT chicken!   Since this is an off-strip casino, expect a large amount of locals, and plenty of smokers and wheel chair types. Didn't hang around long enough to explore the casino, but since my mother-in-law lives just minutes away, I'm sure we will be back!   Buffet was reasonable, too, at $11.99 per person and I think a dollar or two cheaper if you have a slot club card.
4 We scored a free night here!! We had a room with huge glass windows on two sides of the room and one had an amazing view of the Strip! It was great to see at night!!   The room had two queen sized beds that were super comfortable. I would've slept in that bed for days!! They were very generous with the pillows and seriously...I've compared a lot of hotel rooms and for the price (I know ours was free from I think depending on the time of year, I've seen the prices of this room as low as $39 an night during the weekdays at $50 on weekends.)   Also had a very big bathtub, flat screen TV and the furniture looked practically brand new! The hotel was quiet and I liked staying in a hotel that didn't have a bunch of drunk and lour tourists running amok. Room does come with a hair dryer, iron and board and fridge.   I would HIGHLY suggest this place is someone is traveling to Vegas and has a car. This is not on the Strip, but trust me, if you rented a car and stayed here, you'd probably spend less for better quality rooms!!!
4 This place is an awesome and a huge bang for the buck!  I priced several hotels on the strip and paying $200 + a night was not reasonable considering we would only use the room a few hours a night and during the day.  Came across The Eastside Cannery on Yelp and from all of the recent reviews decided to check it out.  Went on Eastside Cannery website and they have several different promotions going on, but you do have to call in- I saved $20 a night and came with a lot of perks!!!  With the money we saved nightly we rented a car with.  Room are newer, clean, awesome decor, spacious and outlooks the mountains!   Huge flat screen TV, not sure if it worked or not, cause we never used it.    Only about 10 minute car ride from the strip but without the insanity of being on the strip.  Great customer service..  Downer, not the best ventilation in the casino for the non-smokers and there is no coffee pot in the room, but you can purchase OK coffee at the Cafe that is open 24 hours around the clock!   For those that are MMA fans, Eastside Cannary hosts the King of the Cage matches there.  Noticed a flier on my way out!! Might be going back in November.......
2 This review is solely for the buffet. Had the saturday brunch it cost 11.99 w/o player card.  If the buffet was $8 . I would give 1 more star. The selection was fine . It had to do with the quality , some of the items did not look appetizing or fresh. Held on steam table too long. Buffet was a decent size so   i still got plenty full on the things that did look good. I know the economy has hit all  the casino's but sadly it's starting to show up in the quality of food and service especially in the locals market ,some  of my favorites not up to snuff anymore, texas station, the orleans and suncoast come to the top of my mind. Hopefully the economy turns around and things get back to normal or close to it cause quite frankly my stomach cant handle all this bad food.
5 Great Place. Only 10 min from the strip but far from strip prices. you can usually find a room there from $49-$89 night depending on the poularity of the weekend. Plenty of tables and even some low limit tables. My wife loves the variety of slots and they are pretty loose. We walked away with a nice wad of winnings over the weekend and thats after losing a bunch on the strip casinos. We have just as much fun at this place as the strip now. The players club points accumulate pretty darn fast. The restaraunts are all good especially the Mexican Food place. The buffet is excellent.   If the strip is not a must have for you this is the place to be! This was Palace Station I think before and it was completly demolished and rebuilt
4 The buffet here is small but everything I tried was pretty damn good!!  We all have different taste and the four if us we're very happy and enjoyed everything.  Even though I was full, I still didn't want the waitress to take my plate because I still couldn't part from it.  :). It was one of those, "just one more bite" times.  We are definitely stopping by again. :)
4 We got a mailer for one free night.  We decided to take them up on the offer.  The hotel us quite pleasant with tastefully done rooms.  We had a lovely room on the 4th floor overlooking the roof of the casino, but I could see Black Mountain in Henderson quite well.  What more do I want from a free room?  We had requested one king, but we ended with 2 doubles instead.  No problem.  The room is a good size.  There is a refrigerator, but there is no sneaky honors bar which is great!  They do offer wifi, but it is not free.  There's a $12.99 charge per day.  I checked the website before we went, and I saw that wifi was available in all rooms.  The key word - available.  But, there's no resort fee so it's almost a wash.  There's a nice large table/desk with reading lamp.  There's also a place to plug a Cat 5 cable.  I didn't try it to see if I could have internet access without the fee.  It's better being able to sit in bed while reading reviews on Yelp done by friends.  There's a bar in the rooms that extends into the room by the sink.  It would be convenient if you were having a party or guests for drinks.  You could drown your sorrows after another UNLV loss nearby.  There was an abundance of very hot water and the tub/shower combo was very large.  It delivers.  I liked the place and I liked our 1 night stay.
2 the casino is to bright ! the baffett was small not a lot to choose from . snaps is better !!
4 The Best rooms for the price. Everything is new and done very well. Ask for a corner room for a unreal view. The service is great also.
4 Great rooms, Not much to do for the most part but overall the place is nice and clean.   Its about 10 minutes away from the strip which is not too bad
1 Decided to give this place a try and even booked a room in advance.  We booked a conjoined two bedroom suit and when we get to our floor we find that we have two seperated rooms.  We were a late arrival and the front desk ask if that would be fine for the night and they would straighten it out in the morning.. No problem, I just drove a good 7 hours and needed some sleep.  The next day is what really upset me, we went to the front desk and they told us sorry nothing we can do... She didn't even look through the computer or anything, I would have thought they might comp one of our nights or at least comp us a buffet but we got nothin but a sorry next please attitude. Now I have my family staying in two sperate rooms that we did not researve.  I'm gotta suck this up but I'll go eat and spend my money at another casino.... Stay away from this place it's not worth the hassle..spend the extra bucks and go stay on the strip
2 So the hotel is nice and new. The rooms are nice, modern. The pool is also great.  However, be prepared for the maid waking you up (IN VEGAS!!!) at 8am to try and clean the room, possibly also sleeping in your bed while your not there, and also waking you up again at 8am on your checkout date, taking your clothing off your bed and throwing it on the floor, etc.   On top of this, you are far away from the strip and not really close to a highway that will get you close to the strip. Especially if you're climbing at Red Rocks, stay away from this place.  The ghetto hotels on the strip that you can find for $35 are much more worth it than this place.   The only good thing was the pool was open till 8pm and the parking lot is close to the elevators to the rooms.
2 This place is a dump and the only good thing in there is the carve steakhouse. The buffet is disgusting and nasty. The clientele are lowlifes. The staff is terrible and so is the gaming. Avoid this place!!
3 Newer  place, giant rooms, instant hot water, the noisiest thing I heard was the refrigerator in the corner with no temperature control.  I didn't turn on the flat panel, I slept in a bed softer than I'm used to, and used the towels and wash cloth of medium thickness.  I got someone else's receipt when I checked out of my $80.00 room.  They were comped.  Maybe you'll be so lucky.  Great view of north Las Vegas from floor eleven.
2 This hotel was a difficult one to review, but here goes.   The room we got was one of the suites.  It was a really nice big updated room, on par with the Trump, no complaints there.  The black Jack dealer, pai gow dealer and bar maid were nice, helpful and fun.  The Mexican restaurant was fast and good both in food and in service, and room service was affordable, tastey and quick.  The pool really beat my expectations.  So why just two stars?  The staff!  They seemed to be annoyed by asking them anything, and I am not a high maintenance traveler.  Nothing seemed like it was well planned out, a lot of blank stairs and shrugs.  They were not mean, just unmotivated.  Taxi service to to the strip was non existing.  It looks like they built a casino in a slum.  They clients are older crowd 70+, and I have never seen so many scooters in one place.  It was kind of a cross between a hotel and an assisted living home.  There is nothing awful about the hotel, but if you want to feel "Vegas" stay on the strip.  The Cannery is nowhere near the strip.
3 The Eastside Cannery Is A-OK In my book! It's a very comfortable place to be In for a drink, dining, weekday/weekend stay, and for some gambling. This hotel Is very clean and the service Is good. Just loved hanging out with my Brother-In law to be and my sister...this place Is good for those types of get-togethers.
2 The colors bother me....really.  Looks like a can of Chef Boyardee at Chuck E Cheeses.
1 I am posting this review immediately following a phone call experience so that I don't forget or fabricate details.    While driving back to my in-laws' home following a brief shopping excursion, I saw a billboard advertising a $100 gambling loss guarantee to new members of the Cannery Casino's Players' Club.  I wanted to verify the offer, and some details that may apply but weren't stated on the billboard, so I gave the Cannery a call the next day.    The hotel operator answered my call, asked how she could assist me, rudely interrupted me while I explained my question, then transferred my call to the Players' Club desk.  I don't care if she's heard this request thousands of times.  I don't care if she's having a terrible day, week, month, year or life.  None of those things matter to me.  NEVER INTERRUPT THE CLIENT, especially when you're the first impression of the place!  Minus one star.  The woman who answered the Player's Club desk answered the call with an obviously routine greeting, just fast enough and punctuated with a sigh to imply that she was being put out of her way.  Another remarkable first impression!  I asked her about the billboard promotion I had seen, and she verified its accuracy.  I used the term, "$100 guarantee," to which she sharply corrected, "Noooooooo, it only applies when you lose $100."  Then I asked her about some details, whether the loss guarantee applied to table games (she interrupted mid-sentence with, "No, it...," but I kept talking, SINCE I WAS MID-SENTENCE) or just slot play, since the billboard didn't specify whether it applied to all gaming or just slots.  She confirmed that the loss guarantee applied to only slot play.  Okay, fair enough, I had a feeling it did.  Then I asked whether the $100 guarantee was credited to the card immediately, or whether one could receive the $100 back in cash with the casino cashier.  This question must have been the equivalent of something distasteful for her, since she loudly sighed and exasperatingly explained that, upon a recorded $100 loss in slot play, the customer will receive a letter in the mail approximately 5 days later and then has two weeks to return to the casino to use $100 credited to the Players' Card in free slot play.  I said, "Oh, I see," thanked her for her time, and hung up.  Minus AT LEAST one star for this experience.    What a horrible first experience.  The operator's job is to first GREET and WELCOME you, then direct your call.  The Players' Club is there to ENCOURAGE YOU TO GAMBLE MORE.  Both staff members failed miserably.  They need to remember that I'M the one with the money; they need me, not the other way around.  There are substantially better gaming options all around Las Vegas, and I encourage you to frequent those establishments over this one.  If the economy is so bad, then perhaps the Cannery should fire those two employees so that people who desperately want their jobs will perform their duties better and possibly for less pay (if that's even possible).
1 This place looks cool. I always wanted to give it a go so I went down here with my uncle and gave it a go. Monday Night Football.. and it was terrible. No comps of any kind to be seen as there was no players or waitresses. So I went over near the sports book and had a seat to drink (expecting to pay). Waited for 15 minutes.. so finally I walk up to bar and they say.. yeah there is only one waitress for this area.. Not sure.. what area meant.. possibly Vegas.. cause i never saw her... anyhow.. so shuttling back and forth from the bar with "doubles" that tasted terrible.. they were using 1/2 shots as shots so doubles were a shot.. I was watching them do it..Was twisted.. so I decide.. screw dat.. lets get some steak..  Ask a employee where is the steak house.. He points it out tells me where to go.. I get there.. closed till 2012 being renovated. So would the clown that told me where it was would notice a placed closed for the last month? Like a bunch of Zombies working there.. was kind of sad..   Will not return.. ever.. well.. for a long time anyhow..
2 Fortunately, I only stated at Eastside Cannery for one night. My mom attended a concert at Eastside, had a great time and loved the vibe of the hotel. Obviously, this vibe was created by the concertgoers that were in the casino.  The room itself was fairly nice and new. It was a bit on the small side, but the beds were very comfortable, large bathroom and some kind of bar looking thing. The room was perhaps the only good part of this hotel though...  I was there on 12/30 and thought there would be somewhat of a crowd due to New Years Eve. The place was dead; a total ghosttown. The majority of people in the casino were either over 70, or tweekers. In the morning, we rode the elevator with some guy that was talking with some woman about some kinky porn movie. It definitely felt like something shady goes on at this hotel... or at the corner of Harmon and Boulder.  The casino sucks. My dad lost $100 in about an hour at this place. We all did very poorly on the slots here. Terrible odds and payouts at this casino. Had much more fun and our money lasted much longer at Venetian, Sunset Station and MonteLago. Drink service was very slow, almost nonexistent.  Fortunately it was only for 1 night, but I will not be back.
1 Only got one star because I cannot give Zilch!   Stay Away! The staff make it a dump! Manger and staff could not have been nastier! I had booked a mini Jacuzzi Suite as my husband's valentines gift. We had concert tickets for that night. Thursday I phoned to confirm, no prob, they even sent an email to confirm. Arrived at 6:00 on Sat and they told me that my suite was not available, and they had DOWNGRADED us to a regular room. I explained that we were local, for a reg room we could stay at home! This was a special occasion! The clerk would not bend so I asked to speak to the manager. She told me that my booking only entitled me to a room not any specific room!!! They could upgrade me for $100 to a full suite. I was over a barrel ( thuis was a gift and I was mortified to be arguing over the price) so I had to pay., almost $300!!! I paid more for a suite at the CRUMMY Eastside Cannery than I would have paid for for a 5 star on the strip! Incidentally the casino stinks like an old ashtray.  Even with reservations we waited 45 minutes for a table in the Staekhouse.
2 I checked out of the Venetian and checked into the Eastside Cannery, I'll just get that out right off the top.  For this Casino I think you'll probably have a better time at the Casino than in the rooms.  If there is one theme here its Smoke.  You smell smoke on the casino floor, in the halls and even into your non smoking rooms.  This isn't a problem I've had at other Vegas Casinos, and I am not a smoker so I'm probably extra sensitive.  The rooms themselves are pretty nice, so no complaints there.  An actual working fridge that doesn't have some pressure sensitive plate trying to charge you 14 dollars for a bottle of water is a nice touch.  The pillows were very flat.  Fortunately they give you three on the bed so you can construct a pillow to your size liking, but it still felt a little cheap of them.  Also, my bed was really squeaky.  I think nearby animals were frightened away by how loud it was.  The rooms also are not very sound proof, so if you are looking to avoid being awakened in the middle of the night by hall partiers, you are likely to be disappointed.  Finally, my chief complaint was the Internet.. Its PER ROOM PER DEVICE. In this day and age that's kind of a bummer. Each device is 13.00 for 24 hours of Internet access.  Other places at least give you per room Internet access.  I was sure to download a 2 gig episode of "Planet Earth" in HD just to register my disappointment.  However, the speed is VERY nice compared to some other places I've been so they at least give you your 13.00 worth.  I would probably look somewhere else were I to return for some off strip action.
3 we haven't been to the eastside cannery since their renovations.  recently went with a couple of friends... not bad!  they have plenty of "cheaper" ($5) tables and it seems like the dealers and pit bosses are very friendly.    the friends we came with are regulars at this casino and everyone knew their name.  seems like they are very generous with their comps too.  for a local casino, its not bad.  a nice place to hang out!
2 Booked online for a week Sun-Sat no upgrades on room ,extra $ for corner rooms, rooms are tall and modern, great glass views, valet attendant great,  lobby non existent ,  charge you for wifi, pool shallow 3ft. not heated, bufett salty overcooked, no fitness room, close to Walmart.
1 Let me begin with the positives:  The room was beautiful and housekeeping does a WONDERFUL job.  The beds are comfy, there are a lot of pillows.  The rooms smell lovely.  HOWEVER....the rest of the casino is less than standard.  You are greeted as you enter the doors, with the old Vegas stale smoke smell that casinos like the Dunes always had before the new ventilation systems were required.  We went down to try the "$7 all day buffet" that was trumpeted all over the casino--only to be told we couldn't get it without a players card.  This wouldn't be so bad--but it's not a GOOD buffet by all accounts.  Patrons coming out told us so, even the employees told us not to eat there...  And the players card--well, it's not a deal.  At Station Casinos, you get free play right away, you get goodies based on what you play available THEN.  At the Cannery locations, you get $100 if you SPEND $100, and it is MAILED to you.  That is not helpful.    So we declined, deciding if being their GUESTS doesn't allow us the discount, we really didn't want it.  We went to the cafe next door to the casino.  We used our coupons that came with the room.  We asked for drinks, ice teas (2, one with lemon), a rootbeer and a lemonaide.  We got 2 waters, two ice teas no lemon.  We get the lemonaide halfway through eating the MEAL.  We get the lemon at the same time.  Then we get the food.  The chicken fried steak is gray in the middle.  It's nearly inedible.  The potatoes were raw in the middle.  The service was non existent.  My daughter had to lean over the back of the table to get some jelly from the table behind us.   One night, I went down to gamble.  My money got stuck in three machines.  Ten minute wait each time to get someone to come and take it out.  Tried to order a drink, as did the lady next to me.  This did not work.  We were passed by at least three times by a waitress who didn't care to stop though we waved our arms and did everything but whistle.    The machines themselves were dirty.  My hands were sticky when I got done playing.  Gross.  The hotel requires you put your room card in the elevator to go upstairs.  They don't usually work.  One night, three different guests were trying with me, and none of us could get it to move.  Another night, the darned thing stopped at floor five but wouldn't open for us.  There is no call button inside for help.  None.  My son had work to do, so we needed internet.  Now, generally, internet is included even in a Motel 6, but not so at the cannery.  Internet is 12.95 PER DAY..... (better yet.......wait for it....wait for it....) PER MACHINE.  We got smart and just turned on our wireless hotspots on our phone which is cheaper--wow.  12.95 per day.  Really?  If it were just a hotel, it would be great.  Rooms are nice, clean, well appointed.  However...if you are in Vegas and want to have any type of Vegas experience, don't.  Just don't.  Station Casinos are too numerous...
4 Off the strip casino and hotel. I loved it!  Yes, it smelled like smoke more than other casinos but I get used to that pretty quick. It wasn't too bad. I expect to be around smoke when I go to Vegas. It's a given. I loved the slots and tables they had. Lots of penny machines. Drinks are super cheap ($1 Coronas and Margaritas!). A LOT OF OLD PEOPLE! But, they don't bother me. It looks kinda depressing with all the straight up gamblers in there compared to New York, New York or Planet Hollywood. They have 2 restaurants and a 24 hour diner and deli. The 24 hour diner was bleh. But, you get what you pay for.   Rooms were awesome!! Huge bathtubs, nice view of the strip (far away but still pretty cool!), smelled good, comfy beds and refrigerator. It's about a 10-15 min drive from the strip so not too bad if you want to do that. Close to downtown too. All in all, I had a pretty good time!  Definitely the cheaper way to go for a Vegas trip.
1 Sam's Town or Boulder Station would have been a better choice!!!!  We have family who live in Vegas.  Boulder Hwy is near their home.  This looked liked a fun new place. We were WRONG!!!  WE WILL NEVER BE BACK!!!  Front desk staff was rude!!  We paid extra for a suite and our room was changed to a regular room.  When we ask to speak to a supervisor, we were told she was busy.  They did not explain how to work the elevators with the room key.  Another guest had to explain to us, and we explained it to at least three other guests.  HORRIBLE!!!!  Smelled like smoke.  Staff obviously wanted to be anywhere but there!!!  Room was fine, but nothing special.  No coffee pot in room.  Room service took over an hour for coffee.  We went across the street and bought a cheap coffee maker at Wal-Mart.   Maid did not change sheets daily, and would only leave one towel per guest per day.  One day she left the toilet brush on counter.  YUCK!!!  Buffet was included in room price, we went at 8:15pm, the manager told us we had two minutes before they start tearing it down.  She suggested the cafe that closes at 9:00pm.  The waitress seemed very unhappy, and the bus boy couldn't answer any questions about the food.  Valet didn't even speak to us, just took our ticket or our keys depending if we were coming or going.  They was one friendly person we encountered the entire four day stay.  The rest gave the impression they hated their jobs!!!   Sam's Town or Boulder Station much better choices!!!!
4 I always see this casino whenever I walk outside (those flashy lights). They sent us a coupon to try some cafe place and we ended up checking out the Cannery.  I dig the style of the building, everything seemed so spacious and it looked like everyone was having a decent time.  Despite the whole "elderly" appeal that other's have mentioned (I will agree), they don't seem miserable unlike other casinos *cough*silverton*cough*.  That being said, I WILL DOMINATE YOU ELDERLY FOLK IN POKER! I SAW YOUR TABLES. Remember my face and let it burn in your head, I will make sure you pay my bills! NO MEDS FOR YOU!!!  It's my review, I do what I want.  I like the place  #getoffmylawn #imscaredofdubstep
4 I have got to this give this place a four on one account - their hotel rooms.  Hands down some of the best pricing you can find in town and some of the most comfortable beds in my life.   I paid less than $50 for a room and to be honest, I wasn't expecting much. But I was totally amazed when I walked in my room. If you ask me, their rooms are very comparable to hotels you find on the strip and even better than some.   Second, I love the One Six Club. I attended a party in here one night and it was big and roomy, and gorgeous. I didn't feel crowded or like I couldn't breathe. And seriously, the view from the deck area is AMAZING (at night)!! The One Six Club is my ideal location for my wedding/reception. I love it that much.  If you are looking for a local getaway, this is definately a place you want to look into!
4 Off strip property. One of the newer ones on the boulder strip. Friendly staff, treats you like a local !! Lots of perks if you play lots on their rewards program. I suggest it ! Even if its a $5 off of comp food.. you dont even have to buy a certain $$$ to get the $5 off. So you can buy $6 dollars worth of food and only pay the difference.  Please be reminded that Las Vegas is a hospitality industry, let's remember to tip as you want to be tipped !
5 I have absolutely nothing to say that is negative about the Eastside Cannery.  The food at SNAPS diner is good and the pricing is even better.  The gaming is top notch with both new and old games.  I liked the poker room better when it was in the bigger room.  It is a little more cramped but the service there is still good.  So, that is why I gave it 5 stars.  I have never used the pool or stayed in the rooms so I can't comment on them.
4 We have stayed here a few times, the first being when we got a flyer for a free room in the mail and again when our A/C went out in the summer.  It was close enough to drive home when needed and also inexpensive.  You can usually get rooms for $30 midweek.  Check in was fast and once they upgraded us to a jacuzzi suite.  The rooms are really nice.  The hotel is pretty new but you never know, it is Boulder Hwy after all.  The rooms were spacious, the tubs huge and beds super comfy.  Room service was inexpensive and very good.  There is no resort free and they do not charge for wi-fi anymore.  As far as the casino, the restaurants aren't great and not a lot to do but if you live close and have family coming to visit or going to an event at Sam Boyd then this is a great inexpensive option.  There are lots of chain restaurants and a few movie theaters nearby so you are not totally at the mercy of the casino options.
4 I live in Vegas but needed some time away from home.  So glad I did! The rooms are beautiful.  The beds were very comfortable but the pillows left much to be desired. I would suggest to bring your own pillows. The room was so spacious. And the bathroom was just simply beautiful. I don't gamble much so I can't say much about that part of the casino.  But it was pretty much a casino but not as big as most of course. The restaurants that I visited were okay, nothing to write home about and the prices were you know, casino prices. The area is not the best in town. But watching the locals could be very entertaining.  Oh and did I mention, there are no resort fees and free Wi-Fi. WINNING!!  I would definitely do a staycation there again.. And have family or friends stay there when in town.
4 $50 a night to stay in a super nice, clean, new room really rocked. Then there was the awesome morning sun lighting up the mountainscape. So the rest of the hotel reviews are spot on. There is this matter of the smokey smell, sketchy clientele, and a $75 security deposit they place on your credit card and supposedly refund you in the future.  Whenever someone does this I am forced to take pictures of my hotel room when I check out to prove its condition, an annoyance. I would stay here again.
4 Went to an appreciation dinner here at the top level. Gorgeous venue and great view of Las Vegas. I hope NSC chooses to do this event here next year.
3 My buddy was able to get me a good deal on a suite for the weekend. The check in was super fast...previous life I spent 170 days a year on the road and I have never been checked in that fast ever. Great valet service. The rooms are nice the bed was very comfy and everything seemed very new and clean. I don't gamble so I can't really say anything about the casino but this is defiantly a place to see and show and grab room to keep from the late night drive home.
4 Just spent a nice weekend in Vegas at this place....rooms are SUPER nice for the price....but have to agree with the super smokey smell in the lobby/casino area, had to have my kids cover they faces with shirts. And I'm a smoker myself but I felt bad for my wife and kids to have to deal with the stronge smoke smell. But once in the room it's all good....loved the table games and the sports book area. For sure we will be staying here again.
5 This place is another gem off the strip.  They offer everything all the big places on the strip offer, but at a more reasonable price.
2 Cons: Minus one star for the cloud of cigarette smoke that smacks you in the face as you walk in. Minus one star for NO 24 hour room service!! And minus one star for the lack of lighting in the bathroom. Those little tiny lights don't give off enough light to ensure my hair is in club-ready style.   Pros: Rooms are clean and reflect the newness of the hotel. Staff is super friendly and accommodating.   Only stayed here because it was close to Henderson where we were taking care of some business. A good locals hotel but will not be staying here again.
5 Not sure why only 3 star rating. For $30 a night, weekdays, this is a smoking deal! Rooms are spotless with modern furniture. Big deep bath tubs, with separate wash sink , perfect when you have to dump but don't wanna kill your girl with the stank. Rooms are spacious! Def a good place to stay. 5-10 min drive from the strip. Casino is clean and not packed at all
5 Love, love, love this hotel!! The rooms are beautiful. The food is good. The bed was comfy. We wanted to move in. Highly recommend!
5 I've had a couple of great visits to the Eastside Cannery since they opened back in 2008, finally replacing the crusty, demolished, germ-infested Nevada Palace.  I have to admit that after a few boring visits at Sam's Town next door, the ultimate thing that drew me to this place was the lighting of the building's exterior at night - picture a huge, ever-changing lava lamp glowing in the sky!  After joining the CAN Club, the comps and free play will start rolling in, even for low rollers and infrequent visitors.  I haven't been back in a couple of years, but the offers are still coming in, which is something you don't often see at other Vegas properties.  My last trip back in 2011 got me two free nights in a deluxe room.  My only qualm was that the daily incidental deposit charge was $75 per night, whereas most other properties stick to the $50 per night range.  I guess they can get away with it since it's a fairly new property.  Not necessarily a big deal on my end though.  The room was huge, had two queen beds, a refrigerator, brand new flat panel TV, office desk, a separate tiled mini-bar area, and awesome views of the desert.  I unfortunately haven't had too much luck in the casino here, but haven't necessarily lost a ton of money either.  One thing you'll notice is that all of the machines, even the old 3-reel standbys like the Wheel of Fortune and the Double Diamond, are of the brand new, modern variety.  Truly friendly staff everywhere and rapid drink service.  I can't comment on any of the restaurants, as I haven't yet tried any.  Other advantages include a Super WalMart, Del Taco, and one of the world-famous "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Nevada" signs being directly across the street.  All in all, I'd recommend the Eastside Cannery to everyone.  Staying on the Boulder Highway is a good change from the Strip, and you'll notice an older, friendlier, local clientele, along with better machine payouts for the most part.
1 First off I don't like giving a negative comment, but feel a need to on the replacement food vendor Tres Ole. The previous Mexican food restaurant was wonderful. Mgmt should close current vendor--it's an embarrassment. Enough said don't be fed @ Tres Oles.
4 My husband and I frequent this local casino at least a couple times a month. We take my grandparents there for the buffet. It isn't bad for a small place. I mean, if you are looking for Rio-grade food, you won't get it here, but it isn't bad for the $7 we spend using our coupons. We enjoy the gambling there and actually win sometimes. Ha! The cafe is decent, too. We have tried a few different things there and would recommend the CFS above most things. We are from the south and it is a good CFS with the good country gravy. We have yet to try the bar at the top, but that is our next endeavor. We had family stay in one of the rooms,but we did see the room. They are really nice, especially for being off-Strip and not in the best part of town.
4 This Stayed here for two nights to enjoy Dwight Yoakam concert on  2/19 and I can easily say this was one of the most enjoyable places I've stayed in Vegas.  The staff is courteous and friendly and for the price ($79 on a President's holiday weekend) the room was nice with comfortable double queens and yes, what was about a 42 inch television worked.  What we really enjoyed was the looser slots and the slots that used quarters.  I caught a "hot" machine for 4 four of a kind's include two set's of aces that paid a total of over 900 quarters within 3 hours.  Paid for most of the trip.  But between the wife and I we were able to hit many bonus rounds on the slots.  We calculated a loss of about $150 over several days. I can lose that in couple of hours on the strip slots.
4 I've stayed at almost all the big hotel casinos on the strip. I've stayed at Red Rock, the M Resort, and others off the strip. I used to live in Henderson, NV so I'm familiar with the area. One day I came back to visit friends and voila...There was a big beautiful rainbow high rise called, The Eastside Cannery! Now, I consider it to be one of my favorites.   First, it is not on the strip. So if you don't have a car or know your way around Vegas, I wouldn't recommend it. That being said....Parking is easy and safe but there is no cover so in the summertime you need a sun visor for your windshield. The pool area is relaxing without all the fuss. Mostly locals in here so people are older but friendly. Table limits are low so you can enjoy yourself for awhile without breaking the bank. The rooms are clean and pretty modern for a local casino. There's free Wi-Fi and a mini fridge in every room. The big glass windows provide lots of sunlight and a beautiful view no matter what floor or room. Better bring your own lotion, soap, and/or shampoo if you require a large amount. Their dispensers are attached to the wall and refillable to save money.  If you have a car and know your way around the city, I recommend the Eastside Cannery. It's a great place to lay your head, have a cheap bite to eat, and gamble a bit. At about $50 a night, you can't beat it.
4 First off, let me address the people complaining about the mixture of smoke and their kids. WTF are your kids going to Las Vegas with you for in the first place? Its not Disneyworld and its not made for your rugrat. Its a city founded on gambling, drinking and prostitution. (and just for the record, covering your kids mouth with their shirt  doesn't protect them from the smoke in the casino, a shirt  is not a gas mask, you just made your kids look stupid.) Now, onto the hotel. GREAT VALUE! Awesome rooms for the price. The architecture is unique, the beds are soft and the furnishings are modern.  Its not The Venetian, and its not supposed to be, but the room is nicer than what you would normally get for under $50.00. In fact I think its nicer than Planet Hollywood over on The Strip, and they cost twice as much and charge a "Resort Fee" Staff was courteous, gambling was good, food was above avg, but not gourmet. The Mystic Falls show next door at Sam's Town is really cool. With a little promotion to the right clientele, this could be a rockin' Hotel/Casino. Suggestion, market to some younger people, my only beef with EC was the median age of the clientele was around 70, which was weird, because all the neon, modern architecture, hip, modern room furnishings scream younger clientele, but the place is like an old folks home. Would be better if they could "youngster it up" a bit.
4 I stayed here with my boyfriend for two nights this past August in a deluxe room. After reading some of the reviews on here, we were definitely pleasantly surprised - and the fact that we paid so little made our experience even better (about $50 inclusive for two nights).  The room was clean, spacious and even stylistically way exceeded the price, in my opinion - the bathroom was just perfect (really nice mood lighting).   Yes, it is true that when you first enter the hotel, it is quite smoky - but there was no problem whatsoever with that when we reached our hotel room. Also, the location may not be suited for everyone, but we had rented a car and this hotel/casino provided a safe place to park our car and easy enough access to the strip.   Given a similar price, I would definitely stay here again, but only if we were renting a car due to its location.
5 Off the strip, no problem to drive to the strip. nice hotel , beautiful big rooms. clean rooms. good breakfast served at snaps, will go back next month.
5 I went here for a tan and although ... I HATE Boulder Highway bec it is covered with low lives, I was pretty impressed with how clean and nice this hotel was.
3 I receive coupons for the cafe and buffet for the Eastside Cannery.  I have never eaten in the ('Snaps) Cafe, but I've tried the Buffet, and although small, find it filling and economical.  They do change the menu on certain nights, which is good as it brings some variety in the food served.  The meat is cooked properly, the potatoes are good as the dressing, the pizza is good, they have mexican food (limited selection) and Asian food (limited selection) a salad bar (small but adaquate) and desert bar (decent).  The servers are friendly but seem to be overworked and busy and have to cover large areas at times.  Usually there is no line or very few in line to eat, which I like as I can get in, eat, and get out quickly.  The coupons I receive gives me 1/2 off the buffet or the buy one entree and get the second free at the cafe.  It is an older crowd most of the time, but I don't have a problem with that.  I would recommend this place if you are looking for a quick, reasonably priced, more local type place that you can get in quickly, eat and go do your thing.  I have done ok on the video poker there although I only play about twice a month.  They do not serve breakfast and open at 11:00am but do serve a Brunch on Sundays until 3pm., which I enjoy and look forward to.  If you register for the Players Club Card, they will send you coupons (4 to be used once a week for the month) that gives you 2 for 1 price or 1/2 off if you are alone.  If I had any complaints, it would be that their fried chicken is cut in a way, it is hard to find a breast, and I usually end up with a thigh/back piece.  All in all, give this place a try, you just might find that you like it there.
3 I stayed at this property December 12-16 and what follows is some feedback.  What I Liked:  - Modern, clean room (room # 722). - No smokey smell in the room. - Generally comfortable queen size beds (firm mattress is okay for me). - Nightly rates: Thursday and Sunday @ $39.95 plus tax; Friday and Saturday @ $69.95 plus tax. - Awesome 180 degree view from this higher floor room (my room, #722, faced north/northeast). - All hotel staff were generally friendly.  What I Didn't Like:  - Smokey smell in my floor's hallway. - Thin walls: Incredibly clear and audible conversations heard from the room next door. - Thin walls: Incredibly clear and audible music from an iPod coming through the wall and my bed's padded headboard at 5:45 a.m. (the guest in the room next door kept playing the same song over and over again until someone shouted to turn it off). - Street noise and car alarms incredibly clear and audible even though I was on the seventh floor and in a room with what appeared to be double-paned windows. - The double-paned windows were ice cold to the touch on the inside of the room, so I cranked up the heat, which doesn't seem energy efficient. -There was an odd issue with the bathroom sink's cold water tap, which would run hot water for more than a minute or so after I'd first used but then completely turned off the hot water tap. - Incredibly thin, single sheet/ply toilet tissue, which is perhaps the worst quality toilet tissue I've ever seen and used at a hotel property (including Motel 6) . - Although I booked my reservation three months in advance of my arrival, my request for a room facing southwest or southeast wasn't accommodated, and no explanation provided when I checked-in and inquired about my room location. - The distance from the Strip (10-15 minutes depending on traffic) requires good planning to ensure you arrive at your destination when expected.  Summary:  The noise issues from an adjacent room or the street/parking lot below didn't occur every night or early morning, and the thick curtains appeared to block the slight chill from the windows while I slept.  The view from room was still beautiful and I could see a bit of the Strip too (I just wanted to see the sunrise on the face of the mountains west of the Strip and not north/northeast).  I quickly learned that I needed to better plan my daily departure time and driving route to the Strip area, so this was a small issue in the end.  Even given my "What wasn't Good" feedback, I'd still recommend this property because it met my basic needs and at a great nightly price.
4 This review is ONLY for the hotel room.  (The casino's ventilation sucks and your hair will stink when you leave.)  I have stayed there twice.  Once in a normal king room and last night in a jacuzzi king room.  The jacuzzi is not quite big enough for two people, but it is really nice and relaxing.  This room was a corner, so the huge windows on two sides of the room.  Excellent view of the whole city.  The shower is not for the modest; completely see through glass.  Comfortable bed.  The comforter was covered with a duvet.    There is just a cleanliness about the room.  This is really a nice place to stay.  The rooms are great.  I highly recommend.
4 This review is for the buffet portion. So, I went here on Christmas Day this past Christmas with my grandparents. We went up to Vegas to visit them. Anyway, this buffet was actually really great. There was still a lot of service, even on Christmas night. The waitresses were very obedient and they served us well. The food was actually really good. I liked how there was individual stations that said like "Asian" or "American" etc. I really enjoyed the mussels/shrimp rice in the Italian section. That was one of my favorites. In the American section they had great salmon and mac and cheese. Everything I ate was very delicious. In the salad section, they had a fruit ambrosia: I love fruit ambrosia, but this one was okay. This is getting four stars because the buffet is right next to the casino so you can smell cigarette smoke etc. But overall, great food and service.
1 This review is solely for the event staff.   We saw pictures and reviews of weddings held at One Six and thought it looked pretty cool and we wanted to check out for our own wedding. Well, my first inquiry went completely unreplied to. I figured maybe it was an oversight, so I sent another email inquiring about the venue and received a short stock response that didn't address my questions at all. A few emails back and forth finally got me the answers I needed and when I asked to schedule a visit they were apparently unable to accommodate.   Compared to the dozen or so venues I have been talking to, Eastside Cannery was the only one who couldn't meet with us and the only one who made it feel like pulling teeth to get information from. I'm making a safe assumption that they are definitely not the place where you're going to want to have your wedding reception.
4 Stayed here when I needed somewhere affordable and not necessarily on the strip.  The rooms were nice and clean.  They were definitely worth the price.  My group and I even had a lot of fun in the casino.  The room had a minor maintenance issue during my stay but the staff was very responsive and had it fixed in minutes.
4 Gave this place a one night stay shot for Super Bowl Sunday.. it's a nice casino for what it is.. cheap drinks, cheap food, free WiFi, no resort fees, free Starbucks coffee in the am, free drink on the house.. clean comfortable rooms.. the only thing I didn't like was the slot's seemed really tight and the buffet was not good at all but free also through a promotion lol.. it's a bargain casino that if you don't mind staying way off the strip and traveling a little might be worth the savings in cash.. Oh ya the casino itself at night is bad ass from outside with the neon light show all up and down the side!
5 I have NOT stayed in the hotel so I don't have any opinion on that.   My Grandma is a local and enjoys coming here for bingo all the time. We came during a visit and we frequented this casino most of the time. The casino is spacious and has a nice selection of video machines. There is bingo on the second floor I believe every other hour? And it was fun if you're in to that! If you wanna play bingo however I'd go for one of the machines as they do tend to hit more then your typical paper cards.   We did eat at the buffet a few times for breakfast and lunch and the price was good for the food. I really enjoyed it and didn't feel like I was missing anything. The food was warm and kept filled. Good selection and there was never a long wait.   I prefer to stay on the strip when I visit. But when it comes to a point where I'm over that the Cannery would be my first choice!
5 We got a great deal from Hotel Tonight to stay here for a weekend trip. The front desk staff was wonderful, the restaurant had a great breakfast and the room was clean, updated and comfortable!  Will definitely stay again  P.S. No resort fee and about a 15 min drive to the strip.
3 Stayed her for weekend trip because it was close to our competition. The rooms are nice and roomy, but it appears that the hotel has cut back on items to save money. No lotion, conditioner, soap bars in room. They offer shampoo and soap in a dispenser but its not nice stuff. No coffee pots have to use coupon to get free cup in lobby if your willing to stand in line. Only offer two towels in room despite double beds, towels are thin. Maids don't seem to have time to clean some items not done or cleaned. Disappointing for the high price we paid for weekend. However staff was wonderful and very helpful. Food was not bad but not great either. Doubt we will stay here again, didn't feel the price was worth the experience.
2 Fun place but when you're in your early-mid 30s and have a tad bit of style other than local carny  then you will stick out like sore thumb.  We're really into vintage midcentury 1950s pinup style themed anything, but you really couldn't tell this is what the cannery is going for besides the picture on book of matches and the two bar names, "pinups" and "Marylyn's lounge" ....other than that the cover band rocks and I got rush week college wasted like I do every time in Vegas, or Whitney for that matter.
4 VERY SMOKEY! However I find myself coming here just to see the workers  now. The people are friendly, there have been cutbacks so the service is not as great as it was before the economy tanked. Less people, however the people there do their best they are friendly and that means a lot.    I haven't stayed in the rooms for a while so this is just for the casino. I love snaps, the portions are scaled back, but the food is still good. The buffet is good for me when I have a coupon otherwise I don't eat there. Why? The selection is so small. And often the food is not that good.     The machines are iffy, like most places. become a member so you get something back for your money!!!     The bottom line for me is I keep coming back because I know so many people there and they are great service workers!!!
5 I spent a couple of nights here recently. The room was larger than I expected and had a fridge. That was a pleasant surprise. Bed was comfortable and the bathtub was larger than many hotels. the casino is decent. More smoke than I wanted, but what are ya gonna do?  Snaps and the buffet have good food. Or if you leave, the casino/hotel is close to everything.
5 I won $500.00 inside of a free wallet you gave to me for being a member & playing there... That was awsome but I have also hit lots of times while I was there. Great fun! Thanks for the entertainment, I really appreciate it.
1 We use to be frequent dinners in Snaps and brought and recommend to friends.  We visited in March with friends. The food and services was bad.  We complained and we totally ignored.  We wrote a complaint and no one responded.  I wish they would check to see the number of times we visited to see the amount of business they are losing as we will never frequent nore recommend to anyone again.
3 The rooms are are actually pretty impressive. They don't provide little bottles of shampoo for you to run out of there are actually dispensers in the shower filled with all the bath products you will ever need! The room is large and feels like youre at home. The buffet is a losing hand, it tastes like cafeteria food in a hospital. (and i hear hospital food is much better). The pool area is very small but nicely maintained. The bar area is always nice to sit and drink at with live music.
5 Had a wonderful evening last night here ... The Spazmatics played on the showroom and a good time was had by all!!  It's a medium size showroom, very comfy booths and not smokey at all.  The waitress came and and checked at just the right time for drinks the entire time the band played.  The valet was quick and polite!!!   Great way to spend a Sunday evening!!
2 Place is ok! Better now that they fired babe beckner! Dirty little pecker that he was! Place still seems like a hang out for the homeless
1 I live right down the street from this place, so I wanted to try the buffet.  The place always looks so cool from the outside with the lighting and all.  I figured inside would be just as nice.  Sadly no.  The inside of this place is a dump.  I went to the buffet and got my plate of food, and it was the nastiest tasting food I've ever had.  It was loaded with preservatives and nothing tasted like what it was.  They didn't even comp it.  And barely apologized.  And it was lukewarm at best.  The casino itself is ok at best, but stay away from the buffet.
4 Stayed here for 2 nights in a Deluxe King bedroom during EDC 2014.  I purchased the rooms via priceline.com for $151 (2 nights), which actually worried me quite a bit since I've never used that particular 3rd party website before. Plus, it was a super cheap deal for EDC weekend.  I also called in advance letting them know I would arrive to check-in pretty late and to please not give my room away, which they took note of.   Upon arrival at 5AM on Saturday morning after EDC day 1 ended, I was amazed at the cleanliness and size of the room. The king sized bed had fresh smelling sheets and felt super comfortable. There were 2 sofa chairs for the large sized dining table. The sink is outside of the actual bathroom, with a huge counter space. Next to the sink area is a small bar where the ice holder was. Mini fridge included, but I didn't drink the 2 water bottles inside (didn't want to get charged).  The shower is HUGE! Compared to the Riviera, it's a deluxe sized tub, and shower head is really big and high up. Water power of the shower is also great. The whole bathroom was spotless -- toilet and shower were so clean!   We used the "do not disturb" sign, which the cleaning maids heeded. In some hotels (ahem Best Western Mardi Gras) they would still knock on the door and wake you up even if you have a "do not disturb sign" on the door.   The only complaints I could point out (being nit picky) is that the lights were rather dim, and the windows looked a little dirty.   Other than that, the check-in/check-out process were quick and painless. I would definitely come back to this hotel again, unless I was coming to Vegas for the nightclubs. In that case, since this hotel isn't located on the strip (~20 min away), it would be rather costly to taxi... and would mean someone needs to DD. For EDC, it's perfect- NO traffic coming back from EDC since most people live on the strip.
5 I have enjoyed visiting and playing at Eastside Cannery for the several years since it replaced Nevada Palace on the Boulder Strip.  My experiences have always been enjoyable -- win or lose -- as the staff is both friendly and knowledgeable.  I can also note that Eastside Cannery just as fine a job marketing to the tourist market as it does in providing amenities and services geared towards the locals.
