2 MY RANT:  So annoyed that they do not accept credit cards online or over the phone.  What kind of a stupid policy is that.  Especially ONLINE .. this is 2010 people!!!  They are probably losing a ton of money by not getting with the program.    When I visit them in person:  PIzza is ok, service borderline - Lets just hope these guys are working out the kinks, but just so everyone knows this is mostly a delivery stop.  I didn't know that it was, but they do have tables inside where you can eat, but I got the impression that they didn't like that???    Again, its good to get more selection out in Queen Creek (even if it is pizza) but lets hope the service picks up for those people who happen to dine in.  Lets also hope the food gets better.  It wasn't horrible, but it was not the best pizza I have had in the QC area!!!
1 Pros: Ordered delivery, got here fast  Cons: Wings were clearly freezer burnt. Garlic "Flavoured" crust had no flavour all the toppings (with the exception of pepperoni and cheese) were in a 2 inch circle in the middle of the 2 pies we got Crust was very hard for being a pan crust After all was said and done (2 pies and an order of wings), it was kinda expensive for the quality.  This place has taken the top spot on my pizza to avoid list, dethroning domino's.
1 Steer clear of this establishment, the food is gross (pizza doesn't taste fresh and is very chewy) the cleanliness is very suspect and the delivery service is a joke. The last time I ordered delivery from this place I waited for two hours called to cancel my order and I was told my pizza would be free. Another thirty minutes had gone by and the driver calls my house and says he doesn't know where I live. I told him I don't care if it's free to forget it, and I filed a complaint with the corporate office. I got an email reply with an apology and was told I would be getting some free pizza coupons in the mail, they never came. Every single time I have tried to eat here there has been a problem with the food, service, or I can't even get the food! This place is the top of my list for the worst place to eat in the Queen Creek area.
4 Have no complaints.  Pizza and wings were both hot and tasty.  Ordered the asian flavored wings and they had a great tangy taste that both me and the wife enjoyed.  For fast and affordable, with a tasty buttery crust pizza, we recommend Howie's!
3 I'm updating my review for this place because management has tried very hard to rectify all the problems I've experienced here. I received some gift certificates for free pizza and my food came hot, fresh and most importantly, fast. So far I'm pleased that things seem to have turned around but I"ll be keeping my eye on this place. I really hope these changes for the better are permanent!
2 This place would have some potential but there is some severe organization issues. When I arrived for pickup there were several angry people in the lobby.
2 Their pizza is slightly better than the stuff you get in the freezer section at Walmart. Wouldnt go back without a coupon. Did like the flavored crust, kinda neat that you can choose. Not worth the price, order dominos.
4 If you give this place anything less than a four star for a cheap pizza place, you really need to do some thinking here. It is a five dollar pizza. You can get this, or Little Caesars, you choose. Some people need an adjustment to their standards for what they are getting.
5 I love this place. They have never let us down. Great pizza, Decent prices, Nice service.
4 Flavored crust is different and really good. The pizza alone is pretty plain.
