5 This is a brand new Texas Roadhouse opened up closer to me (yea) and I finally ate there for the first time last night.  I do not know if its because its new or what, but the service was out of this world and the food portions were HUGE.  It was probably one of the best Texas Roadhouse that I have ever ate at.   I had the ribs (of course - you don't go here for any other reason) and the pulled pork. and get that most every time I go.  They have the best Chili I have ever tasted, and I just love the service and atmosphere.    If you live near this area and are wanting to find a place with good ribs then STOP LOOKING - you found it.   One other thing to note is that most of the time you eat here you have a wait, but they did this location right.  They did a HUGE waiting area inside with air conditioning, and for those of you that have ate over at the other Gilbert location ... you know that's a BIG deal.  I think they thought of everything, now I just have to remember to not eat so much when I go there!
4 My dad and I make it to Texas Roadhouse at least once a month just to eat their fresh rolls with cinnamon butter.  Everyone is on a budget these days and the food is a super bargain!  I've had the ribs, steak, and prime rib and they have all tasted great.  I know it's a chain restaurant and all, but the food and prices make it worthy of a visit.
5 Our waitress Sylvia rules. You are lucky if you get her!!  Fall off the bone ribs were perfect today.  bread was amazing!!!  If you have never tried the chili .... go right now and try it .... holy crap its good
2 I thought I would treat myself to food that didn't come from a drive thru window tonight, so I drove a little further for dinner this evening. I have been to Texas Roadhouse multiple times - I love the rolls and the sweet tea. The first thing that was interesting tonight was the pager - they called it a pager, but it wasn't the typical pager device restaurants use - it was a piece of printed receipt paper with a number on it...did the recession kill pagers? Even more interesting was that they gave us a "pager" even though there was one couple in front of us and the wait was about 2 minutes.   The bread came out and was hot and excellent as always. The waitress was a bit overly perky - like Spartan Cheerleader perky. Maybe I am getting older, but the place was loud - I could barely hear from friend talking to me. The tea was definitely past-peak; the first glass was better than the second.   My friend ordered the roasted chicken and was pleased with the meal. I went with the sirloin and ordered it medium. The waitress brought the meals and I started on the sides, so when she asked how it was, it was fine. When I got to the steak it was well done - no pink, dry and chewy. Now the waitress wasn't to be found. When she finally returned she asked how it was and I let her know it was too well done. She did offer a new one, but I had things to get to, so I declined. She did take it off the bill.   The atmosphere was a negative for being loud, the steak was a negative for being miscooked. Although overly spunky, the service was good and she did offer to correct the food. i left her a descent tip, but left unpleased.   Dinner ended up coming from a drive thru window afterall as I hit up Wendy's on the way out (and it was overcooked too) :-(
4 Steak, beer, peanuts and you dont have to clean up whats not to like? You will find all of the above at this joint. I was surpised that the food was decent and my steak was very good. The prices were ok and the happy hour beer specials were great. The best part was that I had two small children with me and they could make a mess with the peanuts and I didn't have to worry about it. If you have children you will fit in with the crowd before 7:30. If you don't, I would suggest you come in after 730 to avoid all the kids.
1 Texas Roadhouse should make every native Arizonan absolutely sick to their stomach...  The steak is anything but good, and they actually have a mounted saddle that unsuspecting patrons have to sit on and yell "yeeha!".  What a joke.   I'm never stepping foot in a Texas Roadhouse again!!
4 I eat here often.  I order the ribs, BBQ chicken, and salads. I like the bread too! I have not had bad service here but I also have not had great service. I will continue to eat here.
5 I took my husband here for his birthday.  We both love barbeque and our favorite rib place has gone out of business in Arizona, so at the recommendation of a friend we decided to try Texas Roadhouse instead.  It was a Friday night and we had to wait for about 45 minutes.  In the waiting room they offer peanuts to munch on while you wait, and everyone just throws the peanut shells all over the floor.  So don't be shocked by the atmosphere.  I"m not a peanut fan and it made me feel a little uncomfortable crunching on peanut shells as I walked, but my husband loved it.    The food, though... the food won me over.  SOOOOOO GOOD!!!!  We will definitely be eating there again.  I can easily say this is our new favorite restaurant!    It was funny, too.  When they found out it was my husband's birthday, they made him sit on a saddle and sang to him, and brought him a complimentary dessert.  I laughed and laughed at that!  (Remind me never to go there on my birthday! LOL)  My only complaint is that the table that we sat at had no light overhead and was pretty dark.  It was pretty busy, though, and our waitress was great!  And the food is worth the cost of peanut shells stuck to my shoes.  Oh man, that food was good!
5 I've only eaten here twice but both times ive been pleasantly surprised by the price.  I'm no steak connoisseur but I love me some dead bloody cow that's cooked right.  Both times our waitress was pleasant- that's right "waitress", and I just assume that I'm going to get nickel and dinged for everything. Don't get me wrong, they're always trying to upsell you with certain fixings, but it's mostly low key.  I am now sold on this place.  2 adults, 2 kids, blooming onion, big beer- under $65 out the door
5 I love Texas Roadhouse, and this one is no exception. Great service, food is excellent, and as a little tip for these cool nights, the tables outside are fair game with no wait!
4 Let me start by saying that by no fault of Texas Roadhouse I expected this to be horrible.  As a vegetarian when my grandmother suggested it I was expecting no choices, but after a quick glance at the online menu I saw they didn't forget the veggies!  Now the one vegetarian item on there dinner menu is a selection of 4 side dishes but that was more then enough for me.  I had the house salad (others are not vegetarian), a baked potato, veggies, and I ordered the fries as well for my son.  The veggies were surprisingly delicious I expected microwaved and covered in butter, not the case. They were yummy, the potato was good, not exceptional but I prefer Yukon golds to russets (just a personal preference). We also had the Baby Bloom to start and it was so yummy, the crust is light almost like a tempera batter then anything.  Very yummy.  Also the best part of your meal is free, don't miss out on the rolls!  Also I want to mention service was fantastic. My only issue was the pajama shorts our hostesses wore, but I think it was a 4th of July thing because they all wore red white and blue.  Not a huge issue just found it odd.    All in all I'd return if the family chose it, obviously I'm not there target audience but I'd be happily dragged along.
4 Wife loved the ribs, BBQ chicken was ok. Service was awesome!  We were served by trainee Dawn being trained by Samantha. They were very fun!
4 Delicious unlimited freshly baked rolls with honey cinnamon butter!!!    That is all the reason you need to go to this restaurant.  Just for the rolls and butter.  Plus you can peel peanuts and throw the shells on the floor, how fun is that!?  The service is good and the entrees are consistently pretty tasty.  The entrees are not culinary works of art, but this is a good place for a quick, casual steak.
4 The many things I have ordered here over time:  The bread and butter....to die for!  The side salad with ranch...amazing! (One of the best side salads around)  The steaks....great! (Medium)  Loaded Baked potato ...pretty darn good! (extra sour cream)  Crispy chikcen fingers....Yum!  Shrimp...average! (seemed boiled)  BBQ Chicken Breast...juicy! (Love it loaded it up with onions and mushrooms)  Sweet tea and beer...both great!  Service....pretty good!
1 I would give zero stars if I could. Had a party of 11 that included a brother with special needs and a newborn.  With that being said I called 2 hours in advance to reserve seating.  When I got there they said that it would be 10 minutes and kept on being told there was a party ahead of us that had already paid and was just hanging out so once they are done we will get the table.  After I left to go stand and wait, the hostess told another person the same thing so I was thinking so are we getting the table or are they.  We waited a total of 30 mins before we left.  They were not willing to work with me at all, with their hostess attitude I would rather spend our money elsewhere.
4 Love the environment- music, beer signs, tv w/ sports, great prices, especially on draft beers, and okay tasting steaks. Really cool that you can make a mess on the floor w/ the peanuts. Friendly servers and staff.
4 Good as usual!  Gotta love the free peanuts and delicious rolls. I also like the chili cheese fries. Mostly 4 stars because the meals are so cheap.
2 The quality is poor for the price as it is now. Salads are clearly an out of the bag mix.  Wow, I know of better drive through joints...staff n this manager area absolutely too inexperienced n clueless based upon this 4th and last review on this place! I'm returning either to the Texas Roadhouse on S. Alma School Rd. or The Longhorne Restaurant north of I -60 and also on Alma School Road!
3 The food was good but not great service. Our server came back twice to ask our drink order because she kept forgetting. I think it is great for the servers who have great memories but it will ALWAYS make me nervous when they dont write things down.
5 The moment I walk into this restaurant I automatically feel welcomed and at home. The food is top notch. The service is even better and I can't get out of the door without the manager Joyce greeting me in one way or the other. This is the only Texas Roadhouse I will ever go to because I have such a great experience every time.
1 I am done with this sorry, fast food restaurant.  The management appears to be very, very poor every time I have attempted to dine here.  I gave this place 4 chances!  The same manager is there too.  She is uncaring, unable to execute remedies to complaints landed in her lap and shows that she is uncaring that she do so.  One feels exceptionally devalued with her responses.  The service is poor too.  The steaks have either come to me over or undercooked, each and every time that I have dined there too!  I am just done!  Never returning!
5 Who doesn't like a delicious steak dinner!??? This particular Texas Roadhouse is close to home, so its nice coming here for the convenience fact. Not only is that a perk, but each time I have visited this location I have never been disappointed. My food is always prepared exactly how I asked for it. We went here yesterday for my mom's birthday with a pretty large party. The restaurant was very nice at working around our large party and making sure we were taken care of. We had 2 very nice waiter's who went above and beyond making sure all 17 of us were happy. I ordered the 8oz sirloin and had it covered in melted jack cheese and mushrooms! The medium rare steak was perfect and the jack cheese and mushrooms gave the steak a great kick. The mashed potatoes were covered in cheese, butter and anything else you would like them covered in. Very impressed with the staff and was very happy with my food!  Thanks for making it a nice evening out for my moms birthday! Keep it up!
4 I have been to this location of Texas Roadhouse a few times and it has always been pretty good. I came here a couple of nights ago because they were donating 10% of the proceeds of your bill to the families of the Yarnell Hill firefighters which I thought was a great cause and my family loves this restaurant.  We had a party of six and we were promptly seated. We were served warm rolls and drinks right away which was great. I ordered a house margarita and it was good and came out really fast. I ordered a sirloin cooked medium and it was cooked to perfection and seasoned well. Everyone else at the table was very pleased with their meal. Our service was also top notch. In classic Texas Roadhouse fashion there were a few birthday's in the house with loud Yeehaw's but it was not near as bad as my prior experience at a different location at Texas Roadhouse.  Overall this restaurant has quality steaks at a good price. A good option for those in the Queen Creek/ east Gilbert area with limited restaurant options. I will be back.
3 So, I really like steak.  I regularly patronize Outback for the affordable, tasty meat they never fail to produce.  This first encounter with Texas Roadhouse yielded the following opinions:  Texas Roadhouse is the American Cowboy version of the Aussie Outback.  Lots of similarities. Outback is, however, more flavorful. The sweet potato has more sugar, but is somehow less sweet.  Still tasty though! I could do without the prime rib in the future.  We were seated very quickly, despite the busy night.  It was almost too quickly... half our party was on the way to the table while the other was still trying to get through the front door.  Service was pleasant but brief, also due to the busy night.  There were several birthdays in the house, as evidenced by the echoing "YeeHaw!"s every so often.  Our small party ordered very similar meals to what we're accustomed to at Outback, and that was probably a mistake.  I shouldn't have put Outback expectations on Texas.  The salad was a perfectly fine side salad, the veggies looked standard, and the mashed potatoes had good flavor.  I enjoyed my sweet potato topped with toasted marshmallows, and felt only a little guilty about it.  The prime rib however tasted like ham.  I don't actually like ham, nor did I order it, so I wasn't pleased with the taste in my beef.  I think it was slightly overcooked from my requested medium-rare, but it was tender enough I wasn't too upset.    I would return to Texas Roadhouse if I was in the area, and I'd order sirloin.  But only after Yelping to make sure there are no Outbacks in the vicinity.
1 The steaks were excellent but overshadowed by the incredible lousy inattentive server who basically took the order and dropped off the bill. Most of the wait staff hung out by the entryway chatting among themselves. Poor management. Never going back.
4 Can never get enough of there steaks! We enjoy this place greatly and recommend it to everyone! We will keep on coming back for there great atmosphere, food, and, service!
1 I met some family here and after being told it'd be a 15-20 min wait, they proceeded to keep us in a pitiful holding pattern for the next hour.  About 200 people sat down in front of us and finally we left after the managers last lie about sitting us down "in just a minute".  The manager utterly fails at his job of "managing" his establishment.  I'll never come back to a Texas Roadhouse again.
4 Went here for my friends birthday dinner and even though I am that one person that always orders fish at a steak house. Texas Roadhouse cooked it right! I would have given 5 stars for the cooked perfection but our server was not very attentive. My husband had the fall off the bone ribs and as far as I know everyone enjoyed their meals. Would definitely return, the price is outstanding and the food was great.
5 My server this visit was Joe. He was friendly and very attentive! I ordered the steak and rib plate with a Cesar salad and mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked a beautiful medium rare and the ribs were so render they fell off the bone. The food and service make this a 5 star experience!
5 I really like eating here, but arrive early to avoid the wait. Everything I have eaten here is delicious, especially the steaks. Bluntly this place makes Outback so second rate.  This is a family dining style place, not a high end steak house. Booths are huge, the atmosphere is roomy, country, well lit.  You won't be disappointed.
2 Never had a bad experience at Texas RH until tonight. Celebrating a military event for my sister and had the worst experience with service and food. I was denied a kids size meal because I was too old. We were given three baskets of rock hard rolls. Server continued to bring the wrong drink on multiple occasions. Almost everyone had something cold on their plate. Maybe it was an off night? Maybe the staff was trying to close up early? We came to have a nice night and to spend good money. Definitely didn't receive our money's worth and won't be returning to this location. Probably any other location will take care of you better than this place. Young inexperienced staff needs better management and training.
5 Great customer service, very friendly. Steaks are good for a value & without the need to dress up. Mix drinks are very good. Not much to complain about - used to be busy all the time with long lines but lately it seems they've figured out how to move people through quicker.
5 There Ribeye steaks are the best around always fresh always perfect. Go late at night and there is no wait
