5 Have used Dave Capko, owner of  Ideal Plumbing twice in last year and coud not be happier with his service. Accurately diagnosed problem, explained it, and fixed it in timely fashion. Not the cheapest,or most expensive, I have used over the years but the best.
5 We have now used Ideal twice over the past couple of years.  Rosie on the House certified, Ideal Plumbing has earned that recognition.  Service has been outstanding - fast, friendly, are eager to explain what is going on and what they are doing to fix our problem.  2 Thumbs up - thanks Ideal!
1 Ideal Plumbing did some work on a house we just purchased. In order for the home to be covered by insurance, we had to send in proof that a leak was repaired. The invoice we received was so light, we couldn't read it, let alone send in a copy. We called Dave at Ideal and he said he would email a copy to us. We have called 5 times, and texted him to please follow through. He has not returned our calls and we have no proof to send to the isurance company. Very upset with this plumber!
1 So sorry to have to write this review as I used to be very happy with Ideal Plumbing and with Dave the owner.  But in recent years something has happened.  It takes two to three phone calls to catch him, (when he answers) and then he no-shows for the appointment.  He does not return calls, when trying to make an appointment, and then when you try to talk with him about why he didn't  show up for the job.  I have given him the benefit of the doubt at least 4 times, but can't any longer and thought I'd write this to save others from this frustration.   Sorry Dave....gave you too many chances to turn it around!
5 If you want quality, dependable - honest service, call iDeal Plumbing. Dave helped fix issues with the kitchen sink and linkage between the R/O system and the refrigerator. The goofballs at Home Depot did not know what they were doing and after 3 visits with no resolution from them we called Ideal. Fixed right, the first time - and very affordable cost.   Dave let you know what the job was, cost, estimate, everything and stood by his word and got the job done. Would call and refer Ideal Plumbing any day!
