4 If you hail from the NW this is a must pizza joint for those weekends when you're tired and someones says, What do you want, I dunno, what do YOU want, and someone pipes in, hey let's get some PIZZA. Then the only question is: what do we want from Rosati's.   First let me tell you I can barely fathom chain pizza. I know, I'm a snob, what can I say? So if you want me to get excited about pizza, it had better be damn good. And Rosati's IS.   This is a generous well-cooked humongous pizza that has fresh ingredients. How do I know? Well if you were to take a slab of say generic pizza, and there are many, and have a slice the next day ( cold or reheated, even nuked ) it is usually yuck incarnate, mostly because of the nasty bit of greasiness they think imparts flavor to teen taste ( haha ) buds. But Rosati's still holds up. Pizza freshness proof indeed.   What to order? The SOB, the Monster, the Godfather, the ...you-get-the-picture, IT'S ALL GOOD! An the crust is super-thin to mega thick. All Chicago-style ( sauce on top, like it's supposed to be ). And Calzones bigger than a sumo-baby's head.   This is family run and it shows. No pimply faced stoner kids goofing to Metallica jams here. I've not seen an unkempt, unclean teen yet. And that's saying something when two or more are gathered and pizza is involved. Polite. Friendly. Double-plus good.   I've NEVER been displeased with the food here. period. End of story. So share the love and give me another slice, Hell, give an entire pie.
2 ok the food wasn't have bad but the teenage staff were texting in the front and not payingmuch attention we had to wait a while for the bread we requested and they were a little careless dropping our first set of bread on the floor if you can ignore that though the food is not half bad  for the middle of town but it was worth it. I just wouldn't take a date there or anyone for a meeting just incase the girl in the front is too busy texting and forgets your order. make sure you not in a hurry or super hungry.
1 CRAP, CRAP, CRAP....This place is crap.  The food is sub par, the staff is incompitant,  and their booths blow donkeys for quarters.  First off being a dego I pronounce c's like g's when it comes to certain italian ingrediants, so when the pecker head, 4 eyed, pre pubecent manager continously trys to correct my pronunciation of the word riccota I just want to snatch that little bastard up and give him a swirly from hell.  Your level 53 troll shamen can't save you now punk.  The only pizza he should be tending to is the one on his face, here's some proactive now go back to band camp you tool.  Oh yeah and their cheap ass booths are the worst thing ever. You sit down and you can feel the person behind yous every move. God aweful.
2 $5.99 per person lunch buffet, 4kinds of thin crust pizza, 2 kinds of pasta, pasta salad & regular salad, is good for kids drinks $1.89 with free refills; all filling but standard
3 This past weekend we ordered delivery from this particular Rosati's location. We have had Rosati's before, but not from this location. This review then is about the delivery and quality of the food.  We ordered a large deep dish cheese pizza. The price was a bit high - about $20 (including delivery), but I've read a lot about their deep dish, so we had to get that. They said it would take 45 minutes to get the pizza. It took about 35 which was great. I can't say there have been many times when I've gotten a pizza delivered early! The pizza was massive, and just one and a half pieces each satisfied 4 adults (plus some side items). The crust was thick on the bottom and crunchy and a bit buttery on the side. The cheese was perfect, and the amount of sauce was really good. Overall, the pizza was one of the better deep dish pizza's I've had in Vegas, and I dig the crust much more than the stuffed pizza at Metro's (my other favorite "deep dish").   Definitely will be trying Rosati's again...
4 I live up the street from Rosati's and have found their food to be consistently good. We are from NY and have high standards for pizza. Rosati's Chicago deep dish and double dough crust are awesome choices. Love their Hawaiian-style pizza! One slice of their thick-crust is enough for a meal. I highly recommend Rosati's.
3 Now I must preface this update with this disclaimer: My first review was a four for the FOOD ONLY. When you take into account the service, here's what you get:   Remember those cheesy booths with the rippled faux-leather and the funky textured glasses at Pizza hut? I do. And this Rosatti's gives me that same feeling. Add some more window space and there you have it.   I can also tell the owner has this thing for young girls. I know it might be a thing about employing relatives and appealing to the teeny tween crowd, but in the back of my mind I conjure up Mesmer ( google him ). Nothing kinky, just the appeal to middle-aged or socially maladjusted males that finds this kind of thing an enhancement to the pizza dining establishment worthwhile. In example, a brother of mine was trying to hit on one of the waitresses who was at least half his age and told her not to address him as Sir every time she spoke. And, Yes, he left a large tip. Why? I don't know, service was adequate at best, but she probably gave him a plastic little smile and he felt it macho to leave more. Suckah!   And that leads me to what is wrong with most people under 20. They have this deer in the headlights look whenever a question gets asked. I'm quite sure they are bright, on paper. But try any humor, or say something witty, and they give you a look like a cloud has descended in front of their eyes. And believe it or not, they are totally dismissive of any singular interaction that doesn't involve having the words pizza or toppings or " is my hair petty" in the sentence. Vacuous is a kind description.   So if you use this pizza joint, order out, take it home and enjoy. If you try to eat here, it is cramped, the TV is blaring, it is noisy, and the help is full of teen blankness. Go teen spirit.   P.S. The Bar B Que pizza is still available, but not on the menu, ask for it using as many monosyllables as possible.
4 Very fast delivery, great deep dish pizza
2 Went here tonight for dinner. We have come here often because it is convenient, however, it seems as if the quality has diminished.  We think they switched the type of mozzerella that they use, maybe we are wrong, but the flavor of the cheese isn't as good. Also, we ordered a pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms. The mushrooms were canned. I appreciated that they put extra sauce on the pizza as I asked, however, we ordered Rosati's crust (a thicker crust although not Chicago style) they gave us thin crust. Which we took in stride because it is healthier, if there is such a thing with pizza, but not what we ordered. Also, took the server a long time to bring our initial drinks. Although, she was pleasant and did check on us several times. We would have appreciated clean plates between salad and pizza, however, she didn't offer to bring us out any clean plates so that was a negative.  So ultimately I would only return here since it is convenient however, if I have time or motivation I would gladly drive farther for a higher quality product.  I must say that ultimately I teetered between giving this restaurant a 2 or a 3 star but between the diminished quality and somewhat lacking service I opted for the two. If it was just the pizza I might place it at a three.
5 Awesome pan pizza! Fast, hot delivery. A bit pricey but worth it. Never ate in restaurant so I can't speak to the service in-house.
4 I think there pizza's are delicious.  We have ordered a couple and have always picked up for home.   They are big, filling, and delicious.  Ordered the double crust pizzas and they were great
5 Fantastic pizza great service super staff
4 I enjoyer both their Chicago style and their thin... Sauce is just the right spices.. Good stuff
2 Food is fantastic! ***They won't accept coupons on their own website, and this one girl that always answers the phone has an attitude problem.
5 Delicious food and prepared when ordered. A bit too much bread on the crust but maybe that's their style. Overall, it's yummy!
1 Expensive and poor customer service.  Food was terrible.
4 To say this location is just like any other Rosati's Pizza location is kind of like comparing a convience store to a Super Wal-Mart.  Yeah...you can get good pizza at most Rosati's, but it's carry out and NO BEER! Rosati's itself is pretty good pizza considering it's a chain, but this location takes it's a step furhter and addes not only a family dining area, but a full non-smoking bar too! The service has always been great and the pizza is actually better somehow...maybe it's the beer, but it tastes better. It could be you can enjoy it while it's still piping hot right out of the oven...with a cold beer of course.  I highly recommend the MONSTER Chicago Style myself.  It's huge, but a bit costly.   You will also have to wait about 15 minutes longer because of how thick and heavy this pizza is, but in my opinion it's another oppurnity to have a beer and it's well worth the wait!   The only reason I haven't given this location all 5 stars was honestly due to management there.  They kepe the place clean and fully stocked, but they always seem a little harsh with their own staff.  The last time I was in there the bartender was taking care of the full bar, taking orders and doing a good job at the same time.  The manager came in to help, but was only really getting in her way and slowing her down.  She did get the wrong beer at one point, but caught herself before she served it, but she was repremanded and scolded in front of all the bar customers.  I'll come back for the food, service and of course beer...but I hope management realizes sometimes helping out can be more of a problem than a soultion and give their staff a little breathing room.
5 The best in town!
2 No. Just no. Food is just bad and expensive. This place is safe from me from now on. Italian? Yeah right... The only good thing was the beer.
5 I've had a big challenge finding pizza in Vegas worth coming back to, until I came to Rosati's.  The style is Chicago deep dish and they do a pretty good job of replicating it.  My friend and I split a large for about $18 and we had plenty of left overs for the next day.  The cool thing here is the dining area having self-service drinks so you never go thirsty.  As with any normal Chicago style place, the pizza takes a long time to cook, but it is well worth the wait.  A normal person will be full after one or two slices, but it was so good I had about 4 or 5... Whoops!
4 This is a great place that falls somewhere between a take-out pizza joint and a candles and wine kind of place.  My wife and I are regulars, often dining on the patio in the evening.  The beer is cold, the service is good, and the food is tasty.  A good neighborhood pizza joint that won't break the bank. They recently added a full bar and gaming, but I have not patronized that part of the business.
5 I lived in Las Vegas for forty four years before relocating to Salt Lake City and I really enjoy Salt Lake but man do I miss all of my favorite hangouts in Las Vegas.  Having said that, I had the opportunity to visit my daughter in Vegas last weekend and my son-in-law bought me Rosati's Pizza and I am not exaggerating when I say that I have not enjoyed a slice ..................... OK, OK, I ate the whole pizza and I am not exaggerating when I say that was the best pizza that I have ever eaten ........... ever!!!  While I was still a Las Vegas resident Rosati's Pizza was my go to place for Pizza, since moving to Salt Lake I have found a couple of places that I enjoy but none of them measure up to Rosati's.  At Rosati's you will enjoy the salads, the wings are above average, and the pizza is heaven scent ................................ nay, life changing!!  I am sitting here looking at a calendar wondering when I can get back to Vegas so I can get another pizza.  Do yourself a favor and give the crispy thin crust a try, it is pizza perfection, I am not sure what it is but they put some seasoning or spices or something awesome on the pizza that gives it the best taste in the world.  Until next time fellow Yelpers .............................. Be Local, Live Local, and whenever you can Buy Local!!!!
4 Great food and atmosphere.  The staff is always friendly.  The pizza and sandwiches are definitely top notch.
1 If zero stars were an option I would give Rosati's exactly that. I have ordered pizza and chicken fingers from there for pick up a few times with no complaint. Yesterday was my first dine in experience and not only will I NEVER get food there again, I CANNOT believe that the place was actually somewhat busy. First let me start with the service. While the workers were "nice" I would classify them as somewhat inept and I don't believe I saw one adult working there. Just one air-headed teenager after another. Okay so the food. Greek salad claims "mixed greens", try JUST the white parts of iceberg lettuce. Yuck! The dressings (Greek and Ranch) both tasted sour like they sat out on a warm counter all day. Completely inedible. The cheese fries were disgusting. They were drenched in canned cheese sauce. This is what I would expect from cheese fries at the carnival, not an "Italian" pizzeria. The chicken fingers, which used to be really good, are different now. Processed and just gross. If you want good fries, phenomenal salads and other tasty dishes try ABOVE THE CRUST on ANN and 95. I am sorry I didn't go there yesterday.
5 what is it about the cheese here?!?!?! Recently tried this gem of a pizza place, got a thin crust large pizza, half veggie half pepperoni for $24... easily on the top 10 list of pizzas of my lifetime. The cheese is absolutely delicious, all the ingredients are, but man the cheese really makes it. Everyone in my group agreed. We tried the thin crust, but my friends who are locals insist that the deep dish is also mind blowing, and they have .50 cent wings on Tuesdays! fabulous!
4 Delish!
5 Incredible pizza, best I've ever had!
2 Called in an order for delivery to my home, 2 miles from the shop.  Medium, 3-ingedient pizza and a small greek salad...$33 and change!  Add to that the five bucks I would give the delivery guy and I'm into it for just shy of $40.  Their pizza is o.k., but not even close to the quality that would command that price.  I know, delivery charge, taxes, blah blah blah...it's just a bottom line issue...waaay too much for an average pizza.  Sorry Rosati's, but we're done.
5 I grew up in Chicago, and we had a Rosati's right around the corner from my house.    I've lived in Las Vegas for 10 years, and haven't had Rosati's till this weekend.  My parents are headed back to Chicago for Christmas, so we decided to do our Christmas together this weekend, and instead of a traditional dinner, we opted to order Rosati's.  Oh.  My.  God.  I cried after my first bite.  I've missed pizza this good for ten years.  I've had decent pizza, but nothing compares to this.  The pizza was just like back home!  I really wish I lived closer to this location, but I'm going to see if there is a Rosati's close to my house so I can have it more often.    Great job guys.  You all made me very homesick. :)
5 Being from Chicago this place is the closest we can get back home style food. Love their deep dish and da beef samiches!
4 We ordered the monster, deep dish pizza. It was great! I'm from Chicago so I know great pizza when I taste it.  A little more sauce would have made it even better. We will definitely be back again!
5 This little pizza place is unbelievably good. They have a friendly staff and good service. They opened up a new bar area, which my wife and I love. In my opinion the pizza is much better than some of the other pizza places in town. Don't go to the Streets of New York for pizza, come to Rosatis and enjoy a good pizza cold beer and friendly staff.
5 $1.50 miller lites, $.50 wings on Tuesdays.
1 Have you ever gone to a restaurant and the food was good, but the service and customer service was so bad that you can't ever walk through the doors again? For me that is my experience at Rosati's tonight. I placed a phone order after looking at their menu that was posted on their website. I had the order amount in my head based on the prices on the website menu. When I questioned the total to the cashier, she printed out the prices. I asked her if she knew that the prices on my bill were different than those on the website menu. She told me something that really didn't make sense. I replied that I thought they should charge me the prices from the website menu. She just gave me my change and didn't even say thank you (I guess the attitude started). I asked to speak with the manager, but she said he wasn't there. If it were my restaurant, I would have gladly matched the prices that were on the website menu, no questions asked or attitude given. Another sorry example of good food that is outweighed by bad and/or rude customer service.
5 Best Chicago style pizza in Las Vegas. I have been going here for a few years and have yet to be disappointed.  The Beef sandwich is one of my favorite items on the menu.
5 Happy hr 10pm till close Best pizza,  multiple crust options and cheese options today I ordered a great. Salad made. My own  not on the menu and you must see Ali in the bar she's the best.
5 It's my favorite place to eat pizza. I've tried other locations but it's not the same. My uncle came to visit who lived in Chicago thought the pizza tasted just like Chicago's pizza. Even the chocolate cake and ice cream is amazing.
5 I will definitely commend them on their delivery and food. The food arrived hot enough where it almost burned my hand taking it out of the bag and I am a good 10-15 drive from the restaurant. Delivery man was very nice and the food was great like always.
4 I wanted to try a Chicago style pizza for the longest. So we decided to to order one for pick up since we live so close. We called and the person I spoke with was kind and professional and said the pizza would be ready in 30 mins. We got a large with sausage and pepperoni and a order of Cajun fries.  It cost about $30 for all ( which was steep I thought to myself). As we picked up the pizza it was so heavy and hot fresh from the oven and the fries were packaged nicely. We got home and opened the box, this pizza was massive. I couldn't believe my eyes I thought to myself okay the price is worth it. Now the taste, the crust was crispy in the outside and soft I the middle, and they did not skimp on the cheese and toppings. It was delicious, and we will definitely order again!
4 I live a hop skip jump away..was in the mood for pizza n salad..just plain chz pizza was so good!! Salad gota have once a week..n they have a bar with gaming..Great bartenders!! Stop by when u have a chance:-)
5 I haven't tried the Chicago pizza that everyone keeps raving about, but I did stop here on a motorcycle ride. Their small size NY-style pizza is actually plenty for two if you don't want any leftovers. I definitely enjoyed the pizza, and I'm not even sure we were charged for soda. The waitress just gave us cups and pointed us toward the Pepsi dispenser lol.  Oh, and it was tough knowing whether they were open or closed. No cars in the parking lot, and most of the people were next door. I probably wouldn't have even approached the front door had I not asked the people outside if the restaurant was open.
5 The food, atmosphere, and service are fantastic (did I mention how good the food was?). Don't miss out on this hidden gem of a local bar. Judd, Janeth, and Ali are awesome!!  Customer service at it's finest. Will definitely be back!
5 I absolutely love love the white pizza. It is a slice of heaven.  Thin crust great cheeses and GARLIC!!! I love to get one of these on a non cook day ;)
5 My favorite local spot. Great great pizza and hot sandwiches. Way better than a nearby metro location. Nice ambience, great for sports games. Tuesday is wing night!
4 Rosati's is money.  Came here the other day to watch a World Cup game with some friends and I really dug this cozy little Chicago-style pizza joint. When I had walked in the place was jam packed and I headed to the bar area to meet some friends. Several large flat screens could be seen adorning the bar and several smaller ones hung in plain view of the bar tables against the far wall. Music-wise I noticed they had a Touch-Tunes system and it was playing at a moderate level. The bar was also equipped with the usual gambling machines. The bartender was extraordinarily slammed with the amount of tables she was having to take care of, so when she was finally able to take my order I made sure I was ready. I also asked her if she could put the sound of the soccer match on and she complied.  I had myself a couple $2.95 Miller Lites and saw they also had Amber Alaskan Ale on tap for $3.95. I splurged and ordered the Alaskan the rest of my time at the bar. The draft beers are all served inside a frozen mug, which to my understanding makes it a tad more difficult to taste the beer, but it was over 100 degrees and humid that day so I was all over those frozen mugs!  Our group ordered some food items at halftime which included a side of fries, HOT chicken tenders with ranch, mild wings, side garden salad, and a large deep-dish Chicago styled pizza with the works for toppings. The fries were crinkle-cut and at the bar they had your choice of regular ketchup or 'ketchupeño' which was simply a little spicier version of ketchup that had an enjoyable hint of jalapeño flavor. The HOT chicken tenders were exactly that, HOT! These little babies were smoking! The ranch dressing helped bate the heat slightly, but I was very surprised by the heat despite the warning from our bartender. Many times when I try something this hot I am not a big fan of the flavor, but these tenders were deliciously spicy. The pizza was tasty, big, doughy, and met all my expectations of what a good Chicago style pizza should be.  All in all, our visit was an enjoyable experience! I felt bad for the bartender as the place was clearly understaffed, but she had mentioned that an employee had called out sick that day. If she wasn't such a rock-star at her job, our experience would have went south real fast. Hats off to great customer service!
