5 By far, the BEST video company in Las Vegas!  These guys rock.  They covered my 30th birthday party and were amazing.  Great with the guests - amazing customer service and fantastic product.  I wish we had known about them when we got married!
5 Ricky, John, and the whole team are outstanding! As soon as we saw their work, we knew we found the right guys to capture our wedding day.     They had a crew consisting of three men videotaping our big day and I didn't even know they were there. The only time I knew they were there was when they approached us to take our interviews. We didn't feel uncomfortable having them there especially while my bridesmaids and I were getting ready. You would probably think they are pricey but it's well worth the investment.   So we just picked up our wedding video and they did an incredible job.  We are extremely pleased with the outcome!  I just want to watch my video over and over again.  It's as if I'm reliving that moment all over again!
5 Memory Lane did both my daughters Save The Date video and her wedding. They are cutting edge in everything they do. Everyone should have professional video of their wedding done and Memory Lane is one of the best companies in the wedding industry throughout Vegas and the US.
5 GREAT work, SUPER professional, AWESOME results.  My company hired Memory Lane Video to produce several hands-on product demonstration videos. They are way above the average freelancer in terms of professionalism. Some examples of that are... Dedicated project manager (Ricky), high quality filming (1080p), clean editing, and excellent value.
5 I just signed a contract with these guys and have been watching their work for a few months now. I think they are phenomenal with their work and watching their videos gives me goosebumps. I definitely recommend them for your special day to make it an amazing life time memory.
5 They are not videographers - they are movie producers.    Memory Lane was a huge splurge for us. But we thought a video of our wedding would last forever and we were so impressed with Memory Lane that we decided to go for it. It was worth every penny. We literally have a movie of our wedding. I have seen countless other wedding videos and there is no comparison. These people are professional movie editors - not schmucks with a camera. They splice all of the special moments together with your thoughts as the day progresses. They also have fantastic taste in music. We will watch our movie forever, and will always be able to relive the feelings because of how Memory Lane formats their movies. In a word - awesome.
5 Just booked with Memory Lane! So excited to have them for my video after looking at many other companies you can tell that they are by far the best quality and the only way to go! They are working with me and are making sure I get everything I want for my special day! All the guys have taken a great deal of time helping me figure out what it is I want for my big day. They are really great about keeping in contact with you and making sure the whole deal is as painless as possible. Knowing they will be doing my wedding has really taken a big stress off my sholders and I cant wait to see the finished product!! Thanks Ricky, John and James :)
5 After choosing and securing my other vendors for my fast approaching wedding, my fiancée and I wanted to book a videographer for our special night. Looking at some recommendations from other vendors, we decided on Memory Lane Video for our wedding. John, Ricky, and Nikki took the time to sit down with me and really show me what sets them apart and the stunning work they do. They take great pride in their product and it comes out in their films.  I was immediately impressed. They offered me a wide range of packages to choose from to meet my budget and were very quick to follow up with my emails and phone calls.  I am looking forward to the big day coming up and can't wait to see the final product! Post wedding follow up review to come!!
5 My fiance and I first met with John. He showed us many videos and some of the different films they do. After watching the first video we fell in love and knew we wanted them to film our wedding! We later met with Ricky and James. They answered all our questions and really made us feel comfortable! We can't wait for memory lane to capture our most important day!
5 So far so good!! I was initially working with Ricky and Nikki to do all the pricing and they were great since they worked with my budget and were very informational when they met with us online. But it wasn't until we worked with John that we were truly impressed! John was so professional on our wedding day (March 22). Him and his assistant (Lily?) were like ninjas. I didn't even notice them until i was actually trying to find them. I will review again after we see the video, but so far we are EXTREMELY happy with our choice. I can't wait to see the final product!!!
