3 Getting a massage is a personal experience..  (not like that pervert!) and I've been here twice.  Today's experience was far better than my first.    I received a gift membership for christmas, which was for three massages to be used in three months.  I called to schedule my last massage and was told my membership had already expired.  Sam called the original location and had them extend my membership so I could get my final massage.  Big plus for me.  Seems like it's hard to get people to stand up for you these days, so this was very nice of him to offer.    Tanya gave me my massage and for the first time in my experience, hot stones, heating lotion and bio-freeze were used in conjunction with the typical massage procedures.  I loved it!  Tanya did a great job, and if I do decide to go back, I'll see her for sure!
4 The hubs strained his neck and was in need of a massage...and I decided to take advantage of that and get a massage for myself as well.   This was both of our first time going to a Massage Envy.   We both had a great experience. My masseuse was David and he did such a great job, I was really relaxed when we left.   The one thing I didn't like was the hard sale at the end when you are checking out, I understand that's what they are supposed to do but I wasn't a fan.   All in all it was a great experience and if we are in need of some cheap and easy to get into massages we will for sure go here again.
4 I am a fan.  I went in for an hour and a half massage and had a very relaxing expreience.  If you go, ask for Brandon he is the best.  The location is newer, very clean, and the workers are friendly as well.
5 I've been going to this location for a few years now and have always been satisfied. Over the last year my regular therapist left and I've found a new one. Christine is absolutely amazing in comparison to anyone else I've ever seen there. I have a genetic back condition and a number of other ongoing issues and she's always able to make things so much better for me.
5 I've had a massage at a Massage Envy before, went to Park West location because I had Yelp Vouchers that I wanted to use before they expired. I attended Yelp PleyDate in April, that's where I received these massage vouchers.  It was an easy appointment set-up, I was greeted kindly & quickly. I was given a cold cup of water & went over paperwork so they could get to know what I needed for my massage. My massage therapist Alberto took care of the knots in my neck & shoulders that were killing me all week. I highly recommend the Park West Massage Envy!  I plan to join the membership & try it out for a 6 month, it seems well worth it considering I usually get a massage every other month.
5 My masseuse delivered nothing short of perfection.  Before I even met her, I was cordially greeted at the front, a drink was offered, I was briefly assessed for my preferences, and then I was led to a "relaxation room."  The masseuse came right on time and helped me to get situated on the therapeutic bed.  Although I managed to take everything off besides my skibbies in less than a minute, the masseuse knocked just as I tucked myself between the sheets on the bed.  So, it was appreciated that she didn't waste a second.  The massage was heavenly and the sheets were toasty.  She started with my back, then went to my hamstrings, calfs, feet, quads, chest, arms, hands, and head.  For the entire hour, she managed to maintain the degree of pressure that most built men could appreciate.  My main regret is that I didn't take down her name!  By the time I got to the counter to pay, I was in the state of euphoria that I hoped for - with a slight inability to keep my eyes open and comprehend even the most simple sentence.  So, folks, my mission was accomplished here and I suggest giving them a try if you are looking for a masseuse.  Enjoy!
4 This was my first time experiencing Massage Envy and I ended up trying out both the 1hr Massage and 1hr Facial the same day. Here's my experience:   First up was my massage with Linda Lee. This sweet, though quiet, asian (sorry I'm assuming) lady, lets you know right off the bat that this was going to be legit! :-P  I'd take her over some teen right out of massage school any day! Haha, ok but seriously, she was amazing. I've had many a massage in the past but she was very thorough and excellent pressure throughout. She really made sure to focus on the areas I mentioned. I'd definitely recommend her.  Second, and the reason I deducted a star, the Facial with Megan. It was very "fumbly" and awkward at times. Again, I have had facials before, and while every place has their unique twist they generally all follow certain steps. She was running 10min behind to start things and I almost asked if I should reschedule, thank fully she made up the time in the end (hopefully not shorting someone else). She accidentally "massaged" my arm with cleanser instead of lotion. Later she said she was putting moisturizer on my face and then wiped it off with a cold wet towel, I was confused at this point. Also, a product she recommended in the beginning of the facial she never even used and then suggested I buy it. In the end I left thinking..."that was it?".  It was an okay facial but I've had much better at other spas in AZ.  While she was very sweet and apologetic for most of the blunders it took away from the spa experience and when you're deciding what to spend your hard earned money on, unfortunately the mistakes turn you off.   The front staff is very friendly and not overly pushy about trying to hassle you for a membership which I appreciate, it makes me want to come back instead of scaring me away.  In my head I kind of made this out to be a little competition. If I was going to become a member and could only choose either the Massage or the Facial once a month...at the end I chose the Massage. It's in the name of the company, it's what they do, so I'm sticking to what they know best.  Great relaxing experience overall, try it!
4 The first time I went in a long time I walked in without an appointment and the front end staff were all very nice, offered me a drink and got me in with Robert right away.  I lucked out getting him because he isn't overly talkative, he understood what I meant by pressure somewhere between medium and deep and when I get migraines he's able to put pressure on the right areas to make me feel 100% better.  Because of his super awesome and magical skills I opted into a membership.  Why I took away a star.... The last time I went in wasn't the best experience because Robert was sick and I wound up with Jimmy.  I have no doubt that he's a great massage therapist but he wasn't really getting that I only needed back work and spent more time on my calves which he said were knotted (and I'm sure they were) but I left feeling worse than when I went in.  Next time Robert is not available I will just reschedule.  I have not had a facial but spoke with one of the ladies who does them and bought the Murad products that she recommended.  They aren't cheap and my face hasn't broken out this bad ever in my life.... even when I first hit puberty.  It's awful and I feel like I wasted a lot of money on it.
5 I went to Massage Envy for the first time for a 1 hour massage and a 1 hour facial.  You can't beat the price for a few hours of pampering, away from the chaos that is a house with a 3 year-old and a 1 year-old.  My massage was first and Keri Lynn was wonderful and I was perfectly relaxed and ready for my facial. The facial is the real reason I felt compelled to write this review.  I have had many facials in my life and I was never a fan since I haven't felt like they've ever helped my skin in any way.  My therapist, Melissa, really took the time to discuss my skin issues (dry and dry and very very dry) and suggested the vitamin C facial.  She was wonderful and the relaxation from my massage continued for another hour.  Afterward, my skin was GLOWING!  And now today, one day later, my skin is STILL glowing.  I am completely blown away.  I didn't buy the membership but now I think I'm going to have to and make these facials a part of my regular routine.  BLOWN AWAY.  Going back to get some of the products she used on me.  I'm a believer.
5 Tom is my favorite masseuse at this location. He specializes in trigger point and deep tissue massage which is what I always need since I'm always stressed out. I've seen him twice now and he hasn't disappointed me yet. Always leave feeling brand new after my sessions with him, and they are usually 1.5 hours long!  The girls at the front desk are also so very pleasant. Always polite and very happy. The music here is also very relaxing, reminds me of the deep forest.   I have a membership here also and they roll over! So sometimes I don't even pay for my massage if I miss a month. That's always nice :)  I would most definetely reccomend this place to anyone looking for a good deep tissue massage. Tom is the one to go see ;)
1 I tried to see them on a Sunday becasue I was feeling bad. When they learned I also have a regularr therapist they called me back to say that none of their therapists would see me becasue, "Our therapists are professionals and since they would only see you once it is not fair to them." If they were professional they would help me and try to gain me as a regular. Too late!
5 I come here specifically to see Amos - he's fantastic! The front desk group is very friendly and they are good at following up and also calling the day before with a reminder.
5 I love this location. Linda Le is great. She always knows exactly the right massage you need. I also get monthly facials from Melissa. You can't beat the prices...better than those expensive hotel facials.
5 My husband gave me a membership 3 years ago for Christmas as way to spoil myself.   I have seen several therapists at this location  as my schedule doesn't always allow me to see the same therapist. I have also had a facial here and had a wonderful experience.  I have been happy with all the services I have received.   I have had to put my membership on a freeze several times and the office staff were very helpful and understanding (However, the monthly calls to remind you that your membership is on hold is annoying ;)  My most recent 2 visits I have had Amber. She is super nice and did an awesome job working on my shoulders w/ out me being sore the next day. I highly recommend her. She listens to her clients and does an amazing job working your body's ailments.   Can't wait for my next session.
5 The staf is always helpful and very welcoming. The therapists main goal is to make you feel wonderful. I've been a member for over 3 years and love going here
