5 I had never boarded my little dog until I moved out to AZ.  With no family in town I was left with no choice when I had to fly out of town on business.  I've never liked the kennels with all the dogs in one cold cement area that usually stinks of pee, no matter how nice the place is.  I came accross Starbarks, which is a family that have built a kennel on their property.  It holds about 8-12 dogs I believe, and each dog has an indoor and outdoor living area to themselves.  They take the dogs out in the yard and let run around for 20 min, 3 times a day.  They even have a pool if your dog likes to swim.  The nice thing is that they don't have any upcharges.  It is just one flat fee.    They made me feel so comfortable leaving my little guy there.  They even called the first night I had left him to give me an update on how he was doing.  They also sent a thank you card after I had used them.    Very nice family, and very well kept place!!!  Totally recommend!!!
1 Despite my monthly use of Frontline Plus... my dog came home COVERED in tiny ticks after being here for 4 days.  The facilities did not appear the cleanest and now I'm suffering from taking my dog there!  When I called to inform them of this, they told me I must not have used Frontline and that no other dogs had ticks however, they also did not tell me MY dog had ticks.  I definitely would NOT recommend this facility.  Please save your dog and take him/her somewhere else!  In response to their response (on Kudzu which couldn't fit my whole response!): I NEVER asked for money back.  I asked for advice on getting the ticks off my dog.  Maybe you shouldn't assume and try to LISTEN to what I was saying.  I'm concerned about my dog as I have a medical degree and know about Lyme disease.  These are small ticks which are more likely to transmit Lyme disease.  Nothing like a trip to the vet after work tomorrow to make for a great start to the week! Also here's some information from the Frontline website: "FRONTLINE Plus offers long-lasting flea and tick control, killing up to 100% of fleas on your pet within 18 hours and up to 100% of ticks on your pet within 48 hours. Best of all, research confirms that FRONTLINE products work for an entire month to help keep your pet flea-free." Notice: it says kills in 48 hours (probably more than 50 of the ticks were dead but some where still alive but as they kindly pointed out it has been 24 hours).  And it says keeps them FLEA free not TICK free.  Maybe I just have a doctorate degree but I can read.  Please do not try to insult me--I just don't want other people to spend hours upon hours getting ticks off their dogs after your facility! And as far as it taking me 24 hours to notice--some people work and when you get home from trips your first reaction might not be to check your hairy dog for ticks!  They were hidden in his coat; I found it after work today when giving him a nice neck scratch!  Only to find many, many more... And, obviously this was NOT the first time this happened as you do require proof of flea treatment which I did provide and used two weeks ago (but as you can see it's not FULL-PROOF!).  In addition, you mention the amount of ticks you have on your grounds and the treatments you have to do.  Maybe I'm just reading into this too much... And FYI my CONDO is clean.  There has never been a dog in here at least since it was remodeled--the previous tenant is my landlord!  But yet again, assume what you want but for readers understand how dishonest they are being!  If suddenly there are lots of good reviews...just think who is probably doing that...the owners probably?
5 Canine Village is great. We have been boarding our dog there for more than 2 years, several times a year. She loves it there and the owners have always been helpful and caring. We feel confident that our dog is safe and will be treated well while we are away. We would recommend Canine Village to anyone who wants to board their dog.
