2 After reviewing the menu, we each settled on the South Point cut of prime rib.  All dinners include warm artisan bread and a choice of either salad or split pea soup.  The blue cheese dressing on our salads was bland and most likely from a bottle and our baked potato was at least an hour past done.  The prime rib was served medium rare and was accompanied by side dishes of a sour cream based dressing and fresh horseradish.  The meat was tough and was in weak in flavor.  Given the many favorable reviews, we were disappointed by the quality of our entire meal.  The one positive was the South Point was running a  1/2 point special on all food.
2 The atmosphere is really nice. Prices are reasonable, the sides you get with it are meh.. ok  .. nothing to get excited about.  Service is terrible. The waitress was really rude, got all of our drink orders wrong, and took forever to bring out water. Our bill was a total mess. I think we spent more time trying to figure it out then we did eating. Tried to explain how much to charge on each credit card, and she kept cutting me off and was completely rude.  You are better off going to a buffet that serves Prime Rib and you get a better selection on sides for the price you pay.
2 This place looked really promising. The prices were cheaper than the other restaurants (10-20 dollars) and the seating area was really pretty/fancy-like. Unfortunately, I don't have any additional nice comments about this place.  The service was mediocre at best. I will give it to them that they were OKAY at refilling water. But our waitress acted like she really couldn't care whether we were having a good time or not. She quickly took our orders, would come by our table and ask how we were in a really apathetic tone, then walk away before we could even answer.  Usually if the service is bad, I don't mind as long as the food tastes okay. Well, it didn't. I ordered the chicken farfalle, which is pretty much cheese topped grilled chicken placed over a bed of pasta in a tomato cream sauce. It came with a soup and a side, so I got the "red" clam chowder and the mashed potatoes. I always thought red clam chowder was called "Manhattan" but I guess they made something different? The soup was okay, it tasted like tomato chicken soup. My main plate was average tasting at first. The pasta was okay for the first few bites, then I was just tired of it. The sauce was rich in a way that wasn't pleasant for my taste. I will give them props for not overcooking the pasta. As for the chicken, it was unfortunately dry and that ruined it for me.  The weirdest thing was the mashed potatoes. My date asked me to try them and see if I could taste a certain ingredient. I couldn't put my finger on it, all I could really tell was that the potatoes were more rich than usual. So then he told me what he thought they tasted like... CREAM CHEESE. And I tried it again, and it TOTALLY tasted like cream cheese potatoes! Props to being creative, but honestly, it tasted more like cream cheese with a dash of potatoes versus mashed potatoes with cream cheese. It was weird.  After being done with dinner, it took at least 10 minutes to get our check, where she proceeded to put it on the table and say "have a good night" and scurry away. I was really confused because didn't we need to pay first? So strange.  After this not-so-great meal, I ended up getting a huge stomachache. So I'd have to say that due to poor service and unappetizing food, I will have to recommend that you do not eat at this place. I rarely feel like I waste money when I purchase a meal, but I really felt awful for taking my date on his birthday here and really felt like I wasted my money on this food that didn't taste very good and a restaurant with poor service.
1 You're better off eating absolutely anywhere else.  Their split pea soup tasted and looked like split pea hummus.  It was even thicker than hummus.  The blackened prime rib was not prime at all.  Maybe not even choice.  It was more likely USDA select rib at best.  Mashed potatoes were what seemed to be 50/50 mixed with Philadelphia cream cheese, which might be a cool concept, but not this time.  At least the service saved our experience.  Just kidding.  Our waitress was a total grinch.
3 This restaurant was interesting, the menu was kind of off the wall. I get the prime rib thing, which is fine, but then you have chicken & dumplings as an entree? They really need to tweak the menu and give it some of kind of theme, it's just all over the place right now and confuses the customers.  I had the prime rib, it was great. Cooked to a perfect medium rare just like I asked, it was swimming in a pool of au jus which was kind of messy, I like it better when I can dip it myself. The rice pilaf was disgusting, had too much rosemary or something, it wasn't very good at all and I barely touched it. I had the split pea soup which was good, thick but good.  The service was a little awkward, our waitress was a space cadet. She kept telling us someone stole her peppermill and took 5 mins to go hunt it down, she was a weirdo.  So all in all, if you go there to eat prime rib, you will be happy, but the side dishes need major help and if someone doesn't like prime rib, they won't be able to eat with you, since the menu is so funky my friend ordered 2 appetizers cause she didn't like the other entrees, and ended up not eating either one because it wasn't very good. It's OK though, she stuffed her face with the Chocolate Fudge Cake for dessert.
3 Decent service and a decent bone in prime rib (get it rare though). I mean other than the dinner coming with a baked potato and tossed salad, the place is a ok. A note would be to choose a wine that is good when you open it and you'll be ok, I got the La Creme Pinot, it turned out to be a 2008.  Other than that it's like a outback steak house, Just at a casino...  Enjoy.
3 It looked really nice, but the service was hit and miss.  I had the cajun style blackened prime rib, mashed potatoes and salad (choice of soup or salad).  The prime rib was great.  Really tasty and juicy.  The potatoes and salad were really good too.  The service was good and bad.  It was hard to get a refill for my water, but when the server was around he was very attentive.    The price was pretty good for the quality of the meal.  Overall:  3.5
3 Got a great coupon book from the Southpoint so decided to check this place out since we had $30 in free play..which we primarily used for dinner.  Buy one entree, get one free.  The setup primarily felt like something straight outta the 50s.  The music was also primarily weird.  It was like someone hit the demo button on a Casio keyboard or something.    Waitress was nice.  My wife got the Southpoint cut and I got the blackend/Cajun cut.  Both cuts were better than buffet cuts..leaner and thicker but I preferred her cut over mine..primarily due to the blahness of the spice/flavor on the cajun cut.  I ended up scraping off the spice off my cut.  Our entrees came with salad which consisted primarily of lettuce and a side.  My wife got the rice pilaf which wasn't very good and I got a dry baked potato.  We were too full for dessert primarily due to the serving portion of the prime rib.    I also overheard a guy at another table complaining about the dryness of his chicken.  Not sure why he would opt for chicken at a place that primarily serves prime rib.    Decent meal for the price but I think the Orleans buffet would be a better pick, especially w/o a coupon.
3 I ate here Wednesday night for a belated birthday dinner for my brother. It was a party of four, we made reservations for 9:30pm & came in an hour early to see if they could accommodate us earlier. Unfortunately they were still busy, but we were seated by 9:15. The atmosphere was nice, most of the tables had enough space between each other so you can have some privacy without hearing the conversation of the table next to you. We ended up getting a nice booth along the wall across from the entrance. I decided to get the English cut, with the cream of cauliflower soup & mashed potatoes. My family shared the spinach & cheese dip for the appetizer, along with the complimentary warm bread & butter.   The spinach & cheese dip was good, small chunks of artichoke & not too thick/creamy. The cracked bread that came with it tasted similar to skyflakes crackers [to all the Filipino ppl you know this is not a bad thing! haha].  The cream of cauliflower soup did have a thick texture, & I told myself I wouldn't finish it all because I knew I wouldn't finish my steak, but I ended up cleaning my bowl. It was really tasty!  By the time I got my English cut, I was full. I was sad because I knew I wasn't going to finish it, but I did have one of the three slices in my belly :) My prime rib was good; cooked medium well, tender & flavorful. The mashed potatoes were good, I just think they added so much butter I wasn't use to it.  Service was decent, the busser got us our drinks right away & refilled our drinks just before we would finish our water/sodas. Our server told us about the soups of the day & the specials they had, but he was obviously reciting it his last time for the evening so I'm sure he could care less :P I wasn't butt hurt about it, but he was friendly & happy after he told us about the specials. Yaay!!
3 Excellent service!!! Great food presentation had the grilled salmon with apple cinnamon I believe (I'll post a picture of it). Its just kind of expensive. IT JUST SUCKS THEY DONT HAVE PICK UP ALL I WANTED WAS TO COME BACK AT A DIFFRENT TIME AND GET A PIECE OF CAKE. But the nice waitress told me I'd have to come in sit down a be served and order food as well. She said I could come in and just get my cake first and then tell them that I don't want food after I get it in a container but my server wouldn't be too happy. So.... that's the only thing I didn't appreciate.
5 Not sure what's with the other negative reviews.  This was my first venture into the prime rib arena, so perhaps I have nothing to compare and it seems there are several prime rib restaurants in Las Vegas to try out.  I think I ordered the The Cowboy Cut but in Cajun spices and it was very delicious and the portion was hefty(perhaps even too large !!).  I happened to be in the restaurant simply because the hotel I was staying in for my business trip was somewhat nearby.  But now that I know of it's existence I will gladly make a trip to eat here.
3 We decided to stay on the property for dinner, so after enjoying our drinks we went upstairs to the Primarily Prime Rib. Ann started with a mundane house salad with blue cheese dressing prepared tableside while I opted for the split pea soup which was thick and delicious.  For an entrée, she chose maple glazed salmon, a large filet served over a sweet potato pancake with corn relish.  My sautéed sea bass, 2 large filets over stir fried vegetables in a light teriyaki sauce with a side of rice pilaf was very good though the latter was blah.  I would rate this meal at 3.5 Stars.
2 My review is of the Christmas prix fixe dinner. For $26 you get appetizer, soup or salad, choice of entree, dessert and "a cocktail." I put quotes around that last item because a lot of the people in my group of 16 ordered a cocktail with dinner, only to find out after getting the check that we were charged $6 per drink. We asked our waitress about what obviously looked like a billing error and she said that those of us who had ordered an iced tea or a soda before ordering our cocktail were charged separately for our cocktails because that soda or iced tea counts as "a cocktail" for the menu's purpose. What the what? Since when have Pepsi and Lipton manufactured cocktails?   Very dishonest way for Primarily Prime Rib to make more money off of a fixed-price menu. If they and the menu would've been honest upfront and said "one beverage (alcoholic or nonalcoholic)," there wouldn't have been any problem; some of us would've still ordered a cocktail, knowing it was going to be charged at full price.  As for the food, the spinach dip was good; the salad was salad; the turkey dinner was okay--stuffing tasted like gooey Stove Top, cranberry sauce tasted like oversweetened cranberry jelly, baked potato and mashed potatoes were good; the chocolate cake was superrich and tasty.  If not for the "gotcha" with the drink situation, I would give them another star.
3 We each ordered the South Point cut done medium rare with me opting for blackened Cajun style.  Our dinners included a house salad tossed tableside, a bread basket and a choice of potato (mashed for me, baker for Ann) or rice pilaf.  The prime rib was smaller than at Carve, but pretty good.
4 It's not glamorous, but what at South Point is?  My son and I had two very good chunks of meat, dessert, and a bottle of wine (well that last one was mine alone)... All for $60. What's not to like?  Service was attentive, but as other reviewers have noticed, the attitude is a little, um, tired. Get past that and it's a great place to eat without being gouged too badly...and that can be a rarity in Vegas.
4 Tried this restaurant out with my family when we stayed at South Point. You seriously cannot beat the prices here! $15 for prime rib? For the price, it's delish! Good service and a nice, semi-romantic atmosphere. I will definitely come back if I ever stay at South Point again.
3 Inexpensive prime rib dinner is the draw of this restaurant. For $20 you can get a full meal including soup or salad and a choice of baked or mashed potatoes. That price quote is also dependent on whether you order the huge cowboy cut that comes with a tyrannosaurus bone attached to it. They offer smaller cuts with adjusting prices to accompany the size. For those who do not enjoy prime rib, there are other options including liver and onions, poultry, and fish.  The meal itself was nothing to complain about, but it was not noteworthy either. As I am writing this, it is hard to come up with an adequate description of the meal. For being as long winded as I am,  THE END.
3 I've been here a few times. So it's time to review.  Food - I've only had the Southpoint cut medium rare with the salad. Salad is your usual bagged lettuce with usual veggies. I've had the rice pilaf which was tastey as well as the baked potato. The servers need to learn how to portion the butter and sour cream that they add to the potatos. A small potato shouldn't come with a glob of butter almost the same size as the potato... ruined it. The prime rib however has always been great. Well seasoned, not overly fatty, always cooked right. Deserts were satisfactory. Peach bread pudding is very dense. Cheesecake is run of the mill.  Service - is nothing to write home about. Our server took a while to do anything. After we were done eating we still had some wine to finish and she wanted to rush us out. We told her we were going to stay and chat while we finished our bottle and we never saw her again. It took us 25 minutes from us telling her that until we were able to get someones attention to take our credit card. Her helper/busser had ther personality of a smashed kitty. Even trying to engage in conversation with him, all we got was a blank stare. Being locals, we recognized his accent and even asked him where he was from to try to spark up convo since they weren't busy. Still just a stare. Very weird since we also work in service industry.   Atmosphere - Very clean and tasteful. It wasn't very busy during the Saturday night 630pm dinner rush. We did have one large table of drunkerds next to us and you would think that they would sit smaller tables away from those types. Was hard to hold a decent conversation at our own table with a table of 18 drunks next to us.   Overall, I think it is worth $15 for a full prime rib dinner. The service/management definitely needs to be worked on though.
4 Best value and great taste if you want good prime rib.  The service sucks from time to time, but I'll keep coming back because of the food.
4 What an underrated place!  If I could give it 4.5 stars I would, because it's just that much better than so many high priced cow places I've been to.  I'd give five stars if they were to kick up the side dishes just a notch.  Field greens and arugula in the salad instead of bagged iceberg, perhaps?  Twice baked potatoes?  Garlic smashies?   I know these niceties might add to the cost slightly but I'm willing to pay it.  Since we were staying at Southpoint, we were motivated to have dinner here.  So easy, just downstairs, and they were having a deal that was ridiculously cheap.  I don't remember the exact price but it was CHEAP!  Like, $16 for a whole dinner with all the trimmings.  We ordered the single-cut prime rib (I think it was called Southpoint cut), baked potatoes, and the house salad.  Nothing fancy, no frills.  Each item came out on a separate plate.  You people who hate for your food to touch... this place is for you!  Our prime rib was done to a turn.  Perfection.  It was perched in the middle of its own plate, atop a pool of clarified pan juices.  The waiter offered us horseradish, which we accepted.  The meat and horseradish tasted amazing.  I could tell the meat was aged and it was seasoned beautifully.  The house salad was fine; nothing special.  The waiter tossed it at our table and that was a nice touch, albeit sort of unnecessary from our point of view.  The bread was fresh and warm.  The butter had been pressed into a rose-shaped mold.  We ordered two bottles of wine:  one white Sauvignon Blanc, one red Petit Syrah.  Sorry I don't remember the variety of wineries.  But they were good.  The service was prompt and personable.  No complaints.  The atmosphere was nice too.  The restaurant is on a level above the casino floor.  So you won't hear all the racket or breathe all the smoke.  The lighting is soft, the booths are roomy, appointments and fixtures quality but not extravagant.    I remember walking out of the restaurant, telling Gary I really enjoyed my dinner.  Looking back, yeah, I enjoyed it, especially in view of the meal we'd had the night before at Triple George.  By far, this restaurant had better food, service, wine, and atmosphere.  The best part of all this, is we left the restaurant, having had plenty of good food and wine, for well under $100, including tip!  Pilot information:  Southpoint is easy to access from Henderson Executive Airport and McCarren Int'l airport.  The hotel has a shuttle that will take you to/from either.  At least it did when we were there.  You should call and verify first, just to make sure.
4 Great value for a very good prime rib dinner.  The sides and salad are just ok, but that's not why we're here.  The prime rib is very good.  Nice room, good service.  I think they're closed on Mon & Tues, so plan ahead.
5 I have to give this place 5 stars because no one in our party of 5 could find fault with anything .   I was a little apprehensive about coming here with my dinner group since I had never been here before and the menu prices were somewhat cheap but it was recommended so I took a chance and made reservations.    Not being a lover of prime rib I ordered the NY strip steak, medium on the inside, charred on the outside and that's exactly how it was served to me.  The steak was intensly flavored, juicy and very  tender.  I was impressed.     Bertha ordered liver and onions and said it was one of the best she'd ever had, tons of onions and bacon.   Sandy had the beef medalions with a sauce to die for and she too liked it very much. Maureen loved her strip steak and remarked at how perfectly is was done, (medium rare). Jeannette was the only one who ordered the prime rib although she was afraid there would be a lot of fat as most prime rib cuts can be.  Not so with this one.  We were surprised at how well it was trimmed and she commented on on well it was prepared.    Baked potatoes all around, separate dish, loads of butter and sour cream on the side.    The salads were fresh, crisp and ample.   My Caesar had a tad too much dressing but didn't stop me from finishing it.   Maureen raved about her blue cheese dressing so naturally we all had to dip our forks into the pitcher and give it a taste.  She was right, it was some of the best blue cheese ever with chunks of cheese.  The price for my steak was  $21.95 with soup, or salad, and potato.   A bargain I thought.    Take a look at the menu online and see for yourself how the prices range.  Service was wonderful, we never had to ask for anything; one of the two servers we had was always aware that water needed filling, wine glasses needed re-filling, plates needed to be taken away, etc.     Ambience was very nice, somewhat quiet,  cozy and very comfortable chairs.  We lingered for over an hour after finishing dinner.   We all decided we would definitely return later this summer.   Hope you give this place a try.
5 My husband took me here last night for my 30th birthday.  Had the southpoint cut with bakes potato and caesar salad.  Wonderful meal, flavorful steak, there's a dollop of straight horseradish already sittin in the creamy, which is just way I like it. Oh and the sourdough bread they give you is fresh and yummy.  Had a great night!
2 The service and ambience were fine.  What surprised and disappointed me was the prime rib.  If you have ever eaten prime rib anywhere else, you usually get a nice and flavorful, darker strip of meat near the top part of your prime rib portion. That is actually my favorite part, but here, they slice it all off and throw it away!!  Apparently the owner likes it that way, but I wish he gave the diners an option to whether they wanted it or not.  Because of this, we will not be going back!  The meat we were served was bland and flavorless. Disappointing!!
5 I am so happy I came into this place for a late dinner. I thought it would be much busier on a Friday night? Till I realized we were going in at 10. Typical steak house with a very relaxing atmosphere. This was nice considering I was wearing shorts at the time I went. So just by the name alone I knew what I should probably order. I went for the Cajun style prime rib. Perfectly cooked and came out the perfect temperature. I loved every single bit I had! Service was awesome and quick. I never had an empty glass while eating. And the best part of the visit was the prices. I have had worse meals from some of the high end high price steakhouses. I will be back for sure when in the area.
5 This place is AMAZING... My family and I ate here while on family vacation. We ate prime rib, of course and I can't remember any other time I have had a more flavorful, melt in your mouth slice of meat. The service was great and servers were very friendly.. I hands down recommend this place to everyone.
5 Hand trimmed Prime Cut Prime Rib at under 16.00 is the best hidden gem dollar for dollar steakhouse in Las Vegas. The bone in cowboy cut is under 23.00. All prime ribs come with great bread and a house salad made to order to at your table!
3 So much for their "formal" attire ... so much for their "primarily prime"  ... but All in all, great service! The prime ribs were cooked accordingly for all three plates, LVRW had a selection of Beef tostada, or bbq shrimp (while the sauce is good, the shrimps were a bit too firm), house salad or soup (I was getting full by the minute to even touch my salad) and of course the prime rib was delicious with good portions of fat aka the good stuff and au jus already on the plate instead of having to dip it separately.   Great cause to benefit ThreeSquare, but would I be back ?
3 If you love meat like me, then this is a pretty decent place to get a slab of meat.  I came here during Restaurant Week and made my reservation before hand on opentable.  Our table was ready within a few mins of checking in.  Chairs were a little uncomfortable, but very huge for me.  Our server was very informative since he helped me pick out my app.  I went with the BBQ sauce shrimp.  Sadly, a miss.  Typical BBQ sauce and overly steam shrimp.  Shrimp were not tender at all.  Very stiff.  I went risky with my second app; the squash soup.  Not too bad, but not the best thing ever.. I just felt that it would be better than a dull salad.  Finally, the slab.. Very think cut, Med-rare how I like it.  Not over salted, so if you like that rare taste, perfect.  I had a bottle of Tabasco and devoured it.  My final piece, the strawberry with ice cream.  I'm not a chocolate cake kind of guy, so this was perfect.  Obviously, the chocolate probably wasn't good because my friend was stealing my strawberries.    Place felt very classy, food was brought out on a cart.  Always nice to get pampered with a 4 course meal.  Atmosphere was very typical.  Lots of out-of-towners.  No need to get dressed up, I see people with hats and t-shirts.    I will probably come back eventually, but will def go for the main course only.
3 I got the cowboy cut which is a massive 24oz prime rib with the bone.  It was cooked properly and was a decent deal.  My only gripe with this place were the rude and snippy hostess.  Show up 2 min early to your scheduled reservation and you will get glared at, chastised, and told to go away and come back exactly at your scheduled time.  Crazy....
5 I come here everytime I am in town.  The prime rib is always fantastic and never a disappointment!  Great service and ambiance.  Very light on the pocketbook too!   A great place for a date.
3 Well. It was a 5 star review but thanks to last nights visit were down to a 3.  First off they did away with the wonderful sourdough bread!  Now u get two small loaves made of pull apart rolls that look like the frozen kind u buy in a bag and reheat.   Secondly, no more ceaser salad with my meal!  Anymore that's the only salad I eat, so when he said sorry we don't have ceaser, I was very disappointed.  The prime rib was still just as good as always.   The chocolate was small, dry and had a hint of refrigerator taste.   Hopefully they will wise up and go back to the way it was.  If its not broke dont fix it!!
4 Our family and in-laws went there for Mother's Day and everyone loved it!  Everyone had the Prime Rib except me, I had the salmon, which was very good.  I felt you got a lot of food for the price.  Definitely cheaper than most comparable places.    Only thing I didn't care for was the service.  The dinner was supposed to come with a cocktail, but if you didn't mention it, neither did they.  And our drinks were empty often, and it wasn't very crowded at all.  Maybe just an off day.  I would still recommend.
5 I had the Cowboy Cut and it fell off the bone!  The pice of meat was huge and the taste was out of this world!!   For the price this is the best Prime Rib in all of Southern Nevada.....
2 Being Memorial Day weekend, I thought it might be a good idea to make a reservation. My wife and I arrived about ten minutes before our reservation and gave our name. The woman at the front desk just looked at us, wrote something down, and started doing something else. We stood around for about five minutes before another woman came to seat us. The dining room was dull and old. Our booth was full of crumbs and the waitress who came to bring us water didn't speak English very well. I think she was trying to take our drink order but neither my wife or I could understand her. She gave us our water and disappeared.  Our waiter told us about the special but did not give any explanation about the meal. I heard a waiter from another table describe the special very eloquently. I had the Southpoint Prim Rib and my wife had the salmon.  The split pea soup was pretty good. Good texture without being mushy and had just the right amount of ham and carrots. My wife like her tossed salad with bleu cheese. We were disappointed with the bread that came out before the salad. It was so hard, I had the use my steak knife to cut though the crust. The very center was ok, but WOW, it was like it had been sitting out for hours or even days.  My wife really enjoyed her salmon but was surprised to find out that substituting veggies for potatoes was a $2 up charge. My prime rib, medium rare, was perfect. Just the right amount of fat and very tender. I was not impressed with the presentation. A piece of meat on a play and a side dish of mashed potatoes. THAT WAS IT. No garnish, no vegetables, no frills at all.  Our food was good, better than good even, but I'm pretty sure we will no return to this restaurant because of the poor atmosphere and the lack of customer service. The prices are a plus as well. If you have no expectations of good customer service or anything resembling ambiance, this is the place for you. Otherwise, check out any of the other scores of steakhouses in Las Vegas.
5 Had the southpoint prime rib cut, rare, and it was delicious! So tender and flavorful! Paired it up with the mashed potatoes which were amazing and rich! Service was excellent!
2 We have been here a few times now so I guess I have to finally write a review. I always made reservations and each time we arrived, we had to wait 15 mins for a table. I wouldn't mind if they had a decent place to sit and have a drink but the upstairs bar is packed with gambling addicted drunks who are slobbering all over the place. My wife, daughter and I just chose to stand in a dark corner and wait behind the other 25 people who were in line waiting for their table.  When being seated, you will appreciate the dated and crumb-laden furnishings, but a quick brush of the hand will rid your seat of most of the crumbs and other varmints! I will say that the water/drink girl was very attentive during each visit. If only they spoke a language that I was familiar with, I could have actually ordered something other than a warm casino beer! I'm not sure why a restaurant such as this hires people who don't even speak english to act as servers. They obviously cater to a lot of foreigners. If you do choose to try this restaurant and aren't fluent in multiple languages, I would suggest bringing pictures of your favorite drinks.    While waiting for your food to arrive, most will appreciate the opportunity to view the "other half" of society in their untamed habitat. You will see the most downtrodden and classless people that a casino can chew up and spit out! If there is an old, crippled, mentally disturbed or horribly disfigured person within 10 miles, you can rest assured that they will be seated at the tables all around you and complaining about everything! You can throw the dress code right out the window! If you have an old stained wife beater, dirty underwear and a pair of ratty flip flops, put them on and proudly walk through the doors in style, knowing that you will be the best dressed person in the place! If you want to see sloppy drunks spilling their drinks and yelling at the top of their lungs, this is the place for you! I have never witnessed such a "diverse" group like this at any other restaurant in Vegas (at least not 4 separate times!). Perhaps if the drink girl could have spoken some form of English, alcohol would have made this specticle much more tolerable!  I understand why many people give this place 5 stars; it's cheap and the prime rib is pretty good! If I had to break down my rating I would give:  Prime Rib: 4 stars Price: 5 stars Service: 2 stars Cleanliness: 2 stars People watching: Priceless!
5 Never disappoints, service is wonderful, food comes fast, and the prime rib is full of flavor and cooked the way yo ask. For the food to price ratio they are spot on!    One of my favorites.
3 We ordered the 12-ounce prime ribs done medium rare. These were accompanied by a creamy horseradish sauce that cleared the sinuses. These generous slices of prime rib were both juicy and flavorful and most assuredly better than I expected. Our entrees included a decent spinach salad and garlic mashed potatoes. We used funbook coupons good for free desserts with my wife choosing a somewhat heavy peach bread pudding while I went lighter with strawberries Romanoff.  A rating of 3.5 is most appropriate.
4 Primarily Prime Rib is located in the South Point Hotel & Casino, upstairs away from the noise of the casino to assure a quiet evening of dining. Upon entering the restaurant, it reminds me of the 'old style' Vegas look of the 80's. Dim lighting, large tables with high back chairs, plush booths, spacious layout with a romantic and intimate setting. I'm romantically inclined, what can I say!  PPR specialty is, well, prime rib, and that's just what my wife and I ordered. We start off with warm sourdough bread and Caesar salad. Our South Point thick cut of medium rare prime rib in au jus juice was generous in portion and prepared to perfection. Succulent and not fatty, served with mashed potato. Brought out to us on a cart with the plates topped with metal covers. I loved the visual effect it presented.  Our daughter ordered the home-style chicken pot pie, nice pieces of chicken breast and vegetables with a light flaky crust. Instead of salad, she opted for the lentil soup. She enjoyed her meal.  Staying at the South Point, we were given two coupon books, each had a free dessert coupon for the PPR, Yippee!  We shared the following desserts;  Peach bread pudding White chocolate & raspberry tartufo Cheesecake  Now, after this fine excellent meal, I was ready to hit the tables downstairs for my fortune or misfortune.
4 Went there for our anniversary on a wednesday night. We had a registration and had to wait a dew minutes to be seated. We had the prime rib south point cut. It was very good. Perfect size. Cooked wonderfully. Just how I like it.  The bread they brought before the dinner was wonderful! Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The house salad was ok. Nothing to rave about. We had cheesecake for dessert which was good also. The prices are reasonable. The atmosphere is dimly lit but not too dark and it wasn't too crowded so they were separating the diners a bit with a table between most parties.
4 Very good service and prime rib.
3 I'm sad because I went here with my family for restaurant week and my prime rib was a bit overcooked and my mashed potatoes were too salty~! Also, a few of my family members ordered the chicken pot pie & man was that loaded with salt as well.. Granted, chicken pot pies usually are salty, this was way beyond the amount of salt that should be added. Oh well, at least I was happy to enjoy some White Zin on the house, as a part of their restaurant week special. And their apple strudel dessert was delicious~!
4 We visit South Point to gamble on every trip to Las Vegas, but this was the first time we ate at an actual restaurant there.  (I don't count the coffee shop as a restaurant.)  This time we got a late start home to L.A., so decided to have dinner before hitting the road.    There was no wait on a Wednesday and we were seated promptly.  I had the South Point cut of prime rib (this is their specialty, after all) and my wife had the chicken pot pie.  We both enjoyed our meals.  The South Point cut was just the right size for me and it was done as I'd ordered.  It was not too fatty like so many other prime ribs I've had, and was perfectly tender.  Combined with their horseradish sauce, it was great!  The baked potato was also good, and that's coming from someone who isn't a big potato eater.  The table service was friendly and efficient, and the prices are reasonable.  This is not exactly a high-end restaurant, but it is definitely a notch above average.  I agree with yelper Vick D.'s review about the bread, salad, and atmospheric lighting.  I'd say this is a solid 3 1/2 star restaurant, a 4 star on a good night.  If you are in South Point playing the slots and have a hankering for red meat, I'd say Primarily Prime Rib is your best bet!  It is one floor up from the casino.
4 Primarily Prime Rib is located on the second floor of the casino in South Point. It's actually a very nice restaurant, but you don't have to get all dressed up to eat here. People come here and eat in shorts so just wear something comfortable.   ===Service===  Our waitress started out perfectly. She was very informative and polite. As we were finishing up our meal she stopped by to refill a water. As she was putting it back down she knocked it over onto someone's lap. She ran to the back to get a couple more napkins, but as she returned, she was more worried about the water on the table then on the persons lap. Wait, what?? She gave an insincere apology and walked off. As we brought it up with her later she just shrugged and said, "don't worry, it's just water so it will dry". She was just unbelievable...   ===Food===  Cowboy cut: Succulent prime rib at an extremely reasonable price? Yes please! It was absolutely delicious. The cowboy cut is almost double the size of the regular cut. I highly suggest this if you are hungry and want a nice, juicy piece of meat.   Beef stroganoff: Tenderloin tips in a rich sauce. This dish was good, but I felt like it was a bit salty for my liking.   The food here was delicious and even though our waitress was terrible, I felt like the quality of the food for the price was worth 4 stars. I highly recommend the prime rib, but if you don't want beef they also serve some chicken and fish dishes. The only downside is South Point is pretty far south of the strip, but it can be worth it if you want a good dinner at a reasonable price!
4 Had dinner here Friday, great service/fair pricing and the meal was very good.  Will definitely be back.
2 Reminds me of an old Roy Orbison song "Crying" because that's how I felt after eating at this establishment. I am not a big red meat eater but my 82 year old father is. My impression was that the South Point cut I ordered was pretty flavorless and should have been more  tender.  The mashed potato tasted and looked suspiciously instant. Shame on them if it was. Because I am not a connoisseur of prime rib, I waited until we were in the parking lot to ask my Dad if he liked his meal. My Wyoming cowboy, beef loving Dad stated "It was not good at all." I am hoping that this was a fluke of a mediocre meal but I won't recommend this establishment or eat there again until I hear accolades from someone I trust. Major disappointment :(
2 back in April 2013, my husband and I, plus my daughter's family, all arrived for dinner (no reservation)...we got there early, and there were plenty of booths and tables available...right off the bat, the front desk chick was rude...she told us she MIGHT be able to fit us in, but they were pretty booked...finally she sat us in a booth clearly designed for 4 people, and there were 6 in our party,, with 3 of us being larger sized adults...needless to say, we were arm to arm, literally...we asked about the many empty tables around us..she then sniped that this is all she can do, and every other table is reserved, and as it is she "almost had to send you on your way"....should have left right then, but son in law said we would just stay...  our waiter was Boris, and he was great! always cracking a joke, especially about how the guys only wanted raw straight horseradish..he made sure they had their fill!  along came the salad...nothing at all impressive...then the meat came, along with some stiff potato stuff in a small bowl, and some bread, don't remember what it was...the meat was very good, but they cut off the outer brownish parts that really make prime rib SO tasty...guess that's their MO for serving, but it was sure missed by us all...AND GUESS WHAT!  when we were all finished eating, bill paid and walking out, there sat 2, completely empty 6 person tables, right by us... plus 2 booths...that added to the bad experience....all in all, the meat was good, the rest was nothing to write home about, Boris was great, and the dame at the front desk was just downright rude, (read that somewhere else in a comment, and wish I had her name) and ruined what could have been a salvageable meal...we stay at southpoint a lot, but will not return here.....
4 As locals, we try out all the latest and greatest restaurants here in Vegas and pay the high prices they entail for amazing food.  Is this a "latest and greatest"? No. Is it still a great find? Yes.  South Point has a laid back atmosphere. You can show up without a reservation and wear jeans...you'll fit just in! The split pea soup, mashed potatoes, and english cut prime rib are delish. The spiked mac'n cheese appetizer is amazing too!  Point of this post: If you're looking for a super upscale prime rib joint, this is not your destination. If you're looking for a super upscale prime rib joint, you also wouldn't be complaining about the $16.95 (prime rib, potatoes, salad/soup) pricing here because you would KNOW that the same dinner would run you $100 per person at said super upscale prime rib joint. This is good food at an incredible price!  If you want to complain, go spend an extra $80 per person at Lawry's (YUM!). All I know is that for the price, quality, and the fact that I don't have to fight the Strip tourists to get there, this place gets 4 stars in my book!
5 dollar for dollar, excellent! have eaten here many times.  service treats you like a vip, just like any restaurant in south point... will go back frequently.
3 This place has great prices, nice wine, friendly staff. Prime rib is $15. I think I don't have to go any further here - but in case I do - it is good, it just isn't GREAT.  I would still recommend this place. It is in South Point and considering options and price point, it is a solid choice for dinner. And it tastes good, just don't expect it to be the best you've had.
4 We were almost turned off by the cold and unwelcoming hostess but after pushing passed that we had an incredible dining experience. 9.3 out of 10 on the food. 9 out of 10 on the staff excluding the hostitute at the front door who gets a giant goose egg.
3 I have dined at Primarily Prime Rib a few times, but fewer than I would have liked. I have been told there is a wait time of over an hour on several occasions by the same unwelcoming hostess, when the place was evidently less than 50% full. Each time, she was not cordial, and unprofessional. Great food and good prices, with sub-par staff and seating practices. I prefer my steak medium, without a side of aggravation.
4 For the price, this place is very good.  9/10 for the friendly staff, 8/10 for the food, 9.5/10 for the price.  I ordered the cowboy cut of prime rib and it was very good as prime rib always is but not anything special.  Of the 3 deserts I sampled, the cheesecake was the best but still not anything amazing.  Overall, this restaurant is worth going to if you want good food for a good price.
5 What a great restaurant!  There's a really cool old Vegas feel here. We were really surprised by the quality of food and service for the price. Two prime rib dinners with salad and sides, four drinks, and dessert for under $65!  The Cajun rub prime rib was amazing.
4 Very inexpensive Prime Rib..  This is the go to place if you're looking for a casual prime rib house.  The only complaint I had was the bus boy took a plate away full of our prime rib leftovers that we were planning on taking home.  We saw him take it and assumed he was taking it to doggie bag it, WRONG!!!  He was very sorry, and our waiter later returned with a whole brand new prime rib to take home..  Food was very good, no complaints at all about the food.  I will continue coming here over and over again since the pricing is so worth it!
4 Reasonable price for prime rib, good cut, comes trimmed, not the most tender...comes with soup or salad and starch  Service good, they even serve Liver and Onions for those who love it.
3 Came for Restaurant Week with my friend Jessi. The following is an account of her experience: Had to go upstairs. Water wasn't warm enough. The man sitting beside us was wearing a shirt that read, "will beg for sex." The bathroom was far away. Flat bread too flat. The spinach salad was excellent, but caused a funny feeling in my teeth. Bread was yummy, especially the butter. Salmon was yummy, should have gotten the baked potato, but the mashed potatoes were yummy and good for my braces. The steak was good, but would best be described as, "only steak." The dessert was good, but they topped mine in raspberries and everyone else's in blueberry. The service took a while especially as the night went on. Walking down stairs after a meal is the worse.
5 Walked in and was told there was a two hour wait. Walked out got on yelp and made a reservation that got us in in only 30 minutes. Gotta love yelp reservations. The girl at the front desk looked quite surprised when we came back in 30 minutes and there was a reservation listed. She smirked and sat us.  The service inside was great, our waitress was fantastic the prime rib was beautifully cooked.  Would eat there again for sure.
4 We've been here a few times so it's time for a review.  Yes, as previously stated this insn't Lawry's but it is still very good.  We've tried  other mid-priced prime rib offerings at the Orleans and at Sam's Town and neither compares with the prime rib at PPR.  The meal has a nice salad and potato included in the price of about $17 a plate.  The service is excellent and the atmosphere is classy.  The waiter mixes your salad at the table just as they do at Lawry's.  Good people.  This is a great place for a nice late night meal after a show.  Nick
5 This place has a great ambiance with white linen table cloths and table side service for freshly tossed salads. However the low lighting made it difficult for my parents to read the menu. They had to use a pocket flashlight to see what they wanted to order lol.   Our waiter Charles was very knowledgable of the menu and the wine offerings. We ordered a red wine blend for $20 a bottle which wasn't bad at all. To start my meal, I ordered a delightfully refreshing spinach salad. It was tossed with a balsamic vinagarette and topped with strawberries & fresh ground black pepper. I ordered the Southpoint cut medium rare, cooked to perfection with just a little fat and slightly browned crust. My husband ordered the Cajun seared prime rib, the sear of which wasn't very prominent but the flavor wasn't bad. Horseradish cream sauce was served on the side to accompany the prime rib. Our meals came with a side of undressed mashed potatoes which was perfect. Gravy would have just interfered with the rich, delicious au jus sauce that smothered the prime rib. After a fabulous meal, we were too stuffed to even think about desert. However our waiter Charles did bring out a little fruit dessert topped with whipped cream for my stepfather the birthday boy. What a nice way to end a pleasant meal.
5 Mothers day everywhere is always packed and what U get is not always their best....BUT....@ PPR, not the case....great ambiance, good acoustics, wait service was not only excellent but they listened to special needs....we commented on their excellence and was told they are trained daily....the food was a 4 choice fixe menu with soup to dessert and included wine....done just as we asked and served promptly...what else can I say....what a treasure, .... we took home at least 2 lbs of PR....mmmm breakfast this morning was special.
5 Arriving near closing...not only was I impressed with the great tasting food, and the great value, but the wait staff was thoughtful, friendly, courteous and not at allllllll upset we were there w/in an hour of closing time.  I'd definitely go.back.  The ambiance was nice 'old school' steak house....also the food was partially prepped table side...nice touch.
5 This place was recommended to me by a friend and as usual she didn't steer me wrong!  We loved everything about it!  The base meal includes salad or soup, baked or mashed potato, and your entrée.  My sister and I both ordered the South Point Cut (10 oz. prime rib).  For the salad, I chose the spinach salad with strawberries and house vinaigrette, awesome choice!  Our entrée arrived accompanied by a large (I mean large! - but everything's big in LV) baked potato with all the fixin's.  The prime rib was cooked exactly to my liking and oh so tender, I swear it looked larger than 10 oz.! Our reservation was made through Open Table and when placing the reservation, we mentioned that we were celebrating my birthday (that was the only time we mentioned my birthday to this restaurant).  However, the restaurant didn't forget!  I was warmly surprised with a special birthday dessert (complete with candle!) of vanilla gelato topped with strawberries (I love strawberries!!)  What a fabulous dinner and all for under $50 for the two of us!!  The service was impeccable...our servers Joseph and Justin (a Hawaii guy!) were polite, respectable, efficient, and oh so friendly! I will definitely return for another helping of Primarily Prime Rib!
4 I had the south point cut prime rib and it was absolutely delicious! Definitely recommend this place. It's a little pricey but worth it!
1 Ordered the south point cut and received what appeared to be a slice of garbage meat floating in blood. It tasted like week old supermarket leftovers and the texture was slimy and soft. After cutting away the fat which was 2/3 of the "steak" I was left with a small portion of what barely passed for meat. Essentially you are paying $10 extra over the $6.99 prime rib special you'd get at 3 am for some mood lighting. I definitely do not recommend this place if you're not looking for a decent steak.
4 I enjoy this hidden place off the strip.  It's located at the South Point hotel upstairs.  The cowboy cut, bone in, is worth the $29.99 price.  the sides are great (Jalapeno Creamed corn is good).  The wait is not too long usually.  On the strip, you would be paying twice as much.  For a good cut of meat at a very reasonable price.  I recommend.
4 This is our go to prime rib spot.   Great deal for the prime ribs which include salad or soup and a side.   The only thing is the service is not that great.  They are kinda slow and unfriendly   But food is good
4 Had a really good time in Las Vegas! We went to this restaurant because it is the 4th of July and the strip is awful. My family wanted to stay inside the hotel. We went here and the steak was really good but had a lot of fat. I ordered the clam chowder and it needed a little more salt. Besides that it was good.
5 My boyfriend and I been there couple of times.. Food and service are great!!! We appreciate and happy to know the people like Vanya Lakic care and make sure all of the guess have a great experience at the restaurant... Can't wait to be back!!!
