5 I love Hug N Pups! I had taken my lil 3 lb Maltese here for about 2 years but then we moved so I had to find a new place to get her groomed. I went to about 4 other places & none of them even compared. Thankfully we moved again & were closer to Hug N Pups! These are different owners from the last time I brought Angel in but they are just as great!   BTW, they have moved as well, not too far though just across the street. The new address is: 1609 E Bell Rd Suite B9 Phoenix, AZ 85022. Their phone # is still the same.  Even if we do have to move again I will still bring my babygirl here because they are amazing at what they do, LOVE HUG N PUPS!!
5 So walking in in to get my lovely little Shi - tzu groomed and I see a christian proverb in the window and I think to myself, Jesus, what has my gay ass got myself into. Now Bella, my Shi-tzu is just a mess and needs to be groomed so I go ahead.   They are in fact the nicest ladies I have encountered. They seem to love Bella and Bella seems to love them. They also are very nice enough not to give a look of horrow when I have perhaps let Bella go several weeks longer then I should. I am very busy . . .  um . . . anyway I have been going there for a while now. It is very out of the way and I will drive the extra miles because I know my dog will be taken care of! I am also very excited that I am moving closer to them which means more grooming for Bella! I am excited, Bella is not so much . . .
5 after several bad grooming experiences in Scottsdale, my poodle is happy to have found a loving, competent at Hug n Pups. Cindy gave him a great cut exactly to my detailed instructions and loved on him like crazy. They use top tier grooming products so my baby is soft and yummy smelling. reasonable prices and cheerful service- it's a happy place to be.
5 Loved this place!  Took my mini dachshund in to get his anal glands expressed (sorry, TMI), and they were SO friendly!  I'll definitely be taking my chihuahua in later this week to get her nails done.
5 Just took my cat here for his summer lion cut and I'm VERY impressed with the result. They really took their time with him.  He looks great and smells even better!!  It's far and away the best cut he's ever gotten - worth every penny!  I'm so happy to have found such a fantastic groomer and such a great local business to boot.  They'll definitely be seeing me again.
5 Doodle left Hug N Pups happy and looking great. The ladies at Hug n Pups are so sweet and their prices are better than petsmart. Doodle will be visiting again for sure!
5 I am so glad I found this place!! I just moved to Phoenix from Los Angeles with my 3 Pomeranian "babies". Even in LA I was having trouble finding a groomer I felt comfortable leaving them with.   I immediately liked the atmosphere at Hug N Pups and had no problem dropping my babies off. The best part is, when I picked them up, they were happy and beautiful!
5 My dog he had been abused and is very people shy. Other groomers put him in a kennel to wait for his turn and he was desperate to get out of there by the time I picked him up.  However, here he was allowed to roam free before and after his grooming. He allowed the groomer to pick him up and hand him to me over the gate, a minor miracle in itself.  They did a great job at a reasonable price, and most importantly my dog didn't act traumatized when I came to get him. Prices are very reasonable, and they can usually get him in on short notice.
5 Staff are so extremely nice and loving to the dogs.  They are always smiling and always busy, but never too busy to squeeze you in.  For example, my Charley dog just needed a bath and his nails clipped and they said "bring him in, we'll fit him in."  They let your dog hang out if you can't come pick him up right away.  And the new "patio" out front is so safe for your dog!  Charley goes in on a regular basis for full groom, teeth cleaned, nails trimmed.  They always check with you about what you want, even if you've been in 1000 times.   one thing I like to joke about is they seem to cater to Little White Dogs!  every time I take my own LWD, there are many others  besides the little group that "work" there  ha ha.    Recommend highly.  Every customer, human and animal, seems happy when they are in this store.
5 I love this place. Denise and Cindy are the best. My little Nismo (Maltese) is always treated so well when he comes in for a bath, hair cut and teeth cleaning. He is a little nervous to be left without me, but is treated with so much love, that when I come back to get him, he is happy as can be. That was never the case at any other places before I discovered Hug N Pups.  I've been a regular customer for about 3 years now, even after I moved away from across the street! I am a bit particular about how Nismo is cut, and I am always pleased with how he looks.
5 My Bichon's mobile groomer could no longer accomodate my (admittedly stringent) scheduling requirements, so I found myself in need of a new groomer. Bichons are great but they require lots of grooming, so I tend to be picky. Yelp bailed me out with "Hug N Pups".....went in based on the glowing reviews and was not disappointed. They really treat your dog like it was their own....and as one poster said, they know what they are doing with the little white dogs! They even got us in when I called (for the first time) on Saturday at noon. That is service, people!
5 I called Hugs N Pups after reading the fantastic reviews on Yelp. They are about 20 minutes from my house but after searching for weeks for a groomer with a stellar, consistant reputation, the distance didn't seem like an issue. I was looking for a wonderful place to bring my 3 year-old Maltese.   This place is it -- the dog grooming salon all pet owners search for but only hope to find one day.  The place is clean and friendly. If your dog is okay with other dogs they have them roam the salon behind the counter. It's safe for them and your dog doesn't have to be cooped up in a teeny tiny crate for hours before and after the groom.  The prices are extremely reasonable. They could charge $10 more and I'd still be totally happy.   THEY LOVE DOGS. These groomers don't seem like people who are just doing it as a job. They really love animals and it shows.  There is a cute gate in front of the entrance in case the door were to be left open your dog would be safe. (The door closes like a normal door so don't worry or anything).   My dog has never looked better after a groom. The groomer totally listened and took my incoherent "well, kinda long but I mean cut his har and we sort of like the teddy bear look" and did an absolute perfect job.  So happy to finally have found a regular grooming salon. Way better than PetsMart.  THANK YOU HUGS N PUPS!!!!
5 I took my Goldendoodle puppy, McGillicuddy, to Petsmart for a trim and they nipped her schnoz. Unwilling to take her there again I searched Yelp for groomers and came across Hug n Pups, who had received stellar reviews.  I soon found out they were worthy of all the praise.  McGillicuddy and I were warmly welcomed and Stan explained the grooming needs of a Goldendoodle puppy. I picked her up a few hours later and was thrilled with the result. She was as soft and cuddly as a teddy bear and smelled terrific too. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I will definitely continue taking her there.
5 This is a true gem! I took my dog there after bouncing around trying to find the right groomer for him. I read the reviews and gave this place a try. I was really happy with the customer service, the service performed on my dog, the fact I got a same day appt, and most importantly....my dog did not seem to be anxious or uncomfortable. He normally leaves a groomer stressed and not himself, but he seemed to be at complete ease here!
4 We took our two toy poodles here for the first time last week. They got a full service groom each (shampoo, dry, cut, nails trimmed, ears plucks, anals, etc). They came out looking pretty and smelling good like with other groomers, and the gals who did them seemed to be very loving toward dogs. My husband and I liked that they were able to be taken care of at the same time, and most of the other dogs being groomed were small so no huge dogs to scare them (on that day at least). We previously had been having them groomed at a place that is a groomer's within a vet's office, and we switched to try to avoid the smell of the vet's. This place smells good.  That said, I have to give the 4 stars not 5 because they left a tiny fluff of hair on my one dog's eye that I have to trim. Also they quoted $40 for each dog on the phone but then charged $45 in person. They said it was because they felt it was "extra" to do clean face and clean feet on the poodles. However in my experience most toy poodle owners request clean face and clean feet during grooming because that's how poodles look.... so I think this groomer needs to start quoting toy poodles at $45 if that's the price they charge. We probably would still have tried their services as it's the same as our old groomer costs, but it just felt a little like bait a switch. We did appreciate getting $5 off the full groom service for one of the dogs after we did a Yelp check in. We had to remind them of that a couple times before they reduced the charges, though.  Now THAT said, we still plan to try this groomer one or two more times based on their being close to our house and not inside a vet's. I'll write up a different review if anything changes in a future visit.
2 It's been a couple weeks since my girls got their first grooming here, and as their hair grows in I'm seeing several places where it was not cut evenly (eg their forheads and around their eyes). Additionally I'm seeing that their toenails were not clipped as short as the other groomers have clipped them because they are already looking really  long. I don't think we have much reason to go to this place again. I'm changing my rating to two stars because they weren't razor burned or traumatized, just not the best cuts they could have gotten.
5 Our short, fuzzy, furry kid Bella has been going to Hug n' Pups for about 8 months now. She's a Maltipoo who knows what she likes and she loves her groomers. We take her twice a month alternating cut and just bathed. She's always happy and content after her day at the spa and looks and smells great. It's nice to know someone that cares as much for your pet as you do is taking care of them.   note: It took two cuts for them to fix/grow out what Petsmart did to her but that was explained and she's looked great since.
5 Found this grooming salon on yelp and all the positive reviews I had to take my pups. I have a yorkie and a pitbull who came back to me so happy. They have great associates who actually take the time to play with your dogs and make sure you are satisfied with their grooming.
5 We took our 11 year old American Eskimo/Border Collie mix to Hug N Pups for the first time yesterday and we were very impressed!  Everyone in the shop was friendly, attentive and kind.  Our pup, who tends to be shy with strangers, was comfortable and clearly at ease when we picked him up.  He was groomed beautifully and they clipped him exactly to our design.  The shop was also very clean and welcoming and all of the other pets looked very content, too.   I would highly recommend Hug N Pups to anyone in need of grooming services for their four-legged babies.  We have several dogs and have tried numerous salons over the years - these ladies are at the top of our list and our dogs'!  We live several miles away, but a good groomer can be so hard to find and this shop is well worth the drive.  We will definitely be back!
4 Only thing keeping it from being 5 stars was that they were overbooked and took a long time (5 1/2 hours or so).  With that being said, this deal and the fact that they didn't charge extra for matting (though they easily could have) made it money well spent.
2 Something has changed. Her groomer wasn't there. She normally comes home relaxed from her day at the spa. For two days now she has laid down across the room which she has never done before. Her favorite place to lay is right on our chests. We'll call next time and if her groomer isn't there I think we'll look for another option.
5 I called on a Saturday as I could no longer put off getting my 1 yr old pug groomed.... her nails had to be trimmed as she was tearing up us and the carpeting. They were booked solid but were so accommodating that they let me bring her in to just trim her nails and then finish her up on another day. When she is nervous or scared she shivers and shakes, when we handed her over to her groomers she was so calm and relaxed. She didn't have a problem when we returned either for the rest of her grooming. I dropped her off to get her clean for at least an hour or two. As soon as her and the boys head outside we know the clean-smell will disappear. Her clean-smell lasted for almost an entire week!! Her coat was shiny and she was happy.   The staff is truly amazing with some of the best customer service I have seen in awhile. There are some dogs just hanging out waiting for owners to pick them up, others are getting a doggie massage in the middle of their hair cuts. The place was clean and pet-friendly. Best of all both dog and boys were happy.
5 This place is amazing! Not only were they great about getting me in for an appointment, they were SO nice!!  Great prices and my yorkie looked awesome.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5 My old dog does not take to kindly to many new things. She left HugnPups with her tail wagging. Linda and her crew are compassionate animal lovers who take each individual pet and give it the care it needs. It took a while to clip my old girls nails and not once did I feel like I was just a number or that we were taking up to much time. Thank you Linda and crew!
5 After deciding PetSmart wasn't the way to go, I came across Hugs N Pups on yelp and based off the reviews decided to schedule an appt for my puppies first grooming. The gentleman I talked to on the phone was extremely nice and answered all my questions without getting annoyed (first time owning my own puppy leads up a million and one nonsensical questions). I was happy when Fawkes and I walked in this morning. Everybody in there was so happy and you can tell yet genuinely love animals and what they do. Fawkes was immediately spoiled with attention and of course hugs while I talked with Tammy about what we should do with her first cut. I left her there feeling great and confident about everything. When I returned to pick her up, my little girl was happily sitting on one of the ladies laps and she looked so stinkin cute!! Tammy did a fabulous job with her hair cut, even with Fawkes being a wiggly pup! And my Fawkes was a great spirits when I got her. I'm definitely going be bringing her back for all her grooming needs!!  I definitely reccomend everyone to try them!!  Liza
5 I have been searching for a groomer in Phoenix for 3+ years. I have taken my now 11 year old shaggy mutt Murray to 4-5 other groomers in the area with zero satisfaction. For some reason they like to shave his coat so close that his skin is actually raw. I will only have Linda at Hug n Pups groom him from now on. She is the owner and extremely patient with my very fussy and sensitive pooch. And she listens to what you say when you ask her not to cut so close. He's a nervous fella and goes in very anxious and shaky. I know he's in good hands because when he comes out  he's happy, fresh and clean and looking great. He'll even go back to Linda to say thanks :-). Usually he just wants to get the heck out.  I'm so glad to have found this place!
1 FAKE REVIEWS!    Look at how many people are "reviewing" and then look at how many friends they have?  Do they have a picture?  No.  What a scam.  They used crap products on my dog that leaves a residue and I ended up having to wash him at home.    Look at the 'unfiltered reviews.'  They complain and flag all bad reviews so that Yelp moves them out of their rating scale.  and BTW, these people had ZERO training on how to groom a dog.  Ask them what school they went to or rather, what DVD did they watch.  Not kidding.  At least PetSmart has different groomers, better products and if you are not satisfied, will give you a free groom.
5 I've continued to use Hug 'N Pups for my dog's grooming since my first review. They are still excellent, great results, fair prices and my dog is always happy to go there. Keep it up, Hug 'N Pups!
5 This is no fake review.  I've taken my dog to PetSmart and literally had to grab him away from a groomer pulling is hair so hard he was crying!  Nothing like that has EVER happened at Hug N Pups.  They are all so loving and take time with both my dogs who had been traumatized at other establishments.  They do an amazing job and my dogs are always happy.  I've never had a bad experience and don't anticipate that I will!
5 We are regulars here...I mean the dogs are regulars here, I get my haircut somewhere else ;-) This place does a fantastic job with bath, brush and haircut for our Aussie and Smorgasbord Papillion. They know how to handle dogs and the end result is fantastic. Consistently great grooming with a person touch. The bandanna is an awesome extra when we pick them up. Hey, it's the little things that count. Clean, nice waiting area and artificial turf outside to keep their paws cool in the summer. Reasonable prices too!
5 I have taken Fawkes in twice now to this establishment and just like the first time, I was incredibly pleased! We had the same warm welcome as the first time and they spoiled Fawkes with attention again (which really made her feel more comfortable being there). She was a happy puppy when we picked her up and her cut looked great again and she smelled so good! Also, since she's still young and quite energetic, she tends to be extremely wiggly all the time and with that being said, I was greatly relieved that didn't result in any nicks or cuts into her skin. They really do take great care with what they do!!  :-)
5 Another excellent experience here! Cassie did a fantastic job on both of my dogs. The result was exactly what I asked for :-) The prices are reasonable and the customer care is fantastic, both for the two legged and four legged clients ;-) I'll be back!
5 Been taking our little Guy here for over 5 years now. Never have I been disappointed. They always do a superior job.
4 Try to go on a day when they are not very busy and your puppy will come back a happy dude.
4 This place was very clean with super friendly staff! I took my puppy here for his first time ever getting groomed a couple months ago. I was so nervous, especially because my dog is a Pomeranian and they can be difficult to groom. When I went to pick him up he was SO happy and looked SO adorable! I couldn't have been happier with his cut! I told them I didn't want him shaved so they trimmed up around his head, bottom and belly and trimmed his body hair so it wasn't overwhelmingly long- NO shaving! I was really satisfied. Everyone who worked there was so nice too. They all said he was great on his first visit and wanted to pet him as they said goodbye. I am already planning on taking him back for a second visit before the holidays!
1 ALERT: STAFF CHANGE  I have been going to this grooming salon for almost 4 years. The first 3 1/2 years was great and then over the last 6 months they have gone down hill TREMENDOUSLY. Our groomer before was excellent, treated our dogs like her own, and if she wasnt there, someone else was just as good to our dogs as well as professional in terms of the cut/shampoo. This last time we went in (1/4/2014) my wife and I were not even greeted when we walked in. It was a very cold feeling.... it was also odd that it was a Saturday and they weren't even busy (we thought many people had started noticing and took their dogs elsewhere)...  Upon arriving to pick the dog up, the male owner said "do you want to pay before they come out?"... I didn't think anything of it but it turns out our male dog was completely cut the wrong way. It was botched. Uneven cut, way shorter than normal, and they didn't even bother to call us to let us know they were going to stray from the original standing instructions. I didn't make a fuss and took him home, our female dog was ok in terms of the cut.   After further discussion with my wife, we will be calling them ASAP on Monday and asking for a full refund for the male dog. It was completely horrible in how they cut him. I will never go back to this groomer again and trust me, the entire shop will SUFFER from the poor skill of the current groomers (new staff) and the horrible customer service. Many regulars have already gone elsewhere. I suggest you do the same!
5 I know Linda and I know this shop. It is a shame that a disgruntled employee can go on this tirade and try to ruin the reputation of this shop. The shop is always clean and the products they use have a long history of excellence in the grooming industry NATIONWIDE. Look at reviews prior to the reviews of the fired manager and you will see a much more accurate assessment of this business. Social media is a nice way to find out how other people feel about a business you might like to frequent, but when fired ex-employees with a vendetta have a chance to harm honest and hard working businesses, take what they say with an enormous grain of salt.
5 I am new to the area and surfed to find a groomer and use Yelp, Angie's list, etc. to find the best place to take my two little furry ones.  I was very lucky to find Hugs N Pups thanks to all your reviews.  I called and made a 9 am appointment, when I arrived the groomer and I talked about what I wanted done and spots to watch when grooming.  By 11 am the boys were done!  I am very happy with the way they were groomed and will be going back.    If you are looking for a great groomer try this place out, you will not be disappointed.
5 Was looking for a groomer for my Aussie Shepherd puppy and found fantastic reviews for HugsNPups. I decided to schedule an appointment and am extremely satisfied. They were able to schedule her that same day and she came back soft, fluffy, well-trimmed, and very happy.. and all for a very low price. Another aussie friend went to another groomer where she paid twice the amount for half the service. HugsNPups has a new long term customer! Thanks again.
5 1st time customer, long time Customer.  I took my dog Jack here today and the service was exceptional!  I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for top notch groomers.  Thanks again and I will be back :-)
5 Hug N Pups has been my go-to groomer for over two years. I'm so glad I found them. They do a fantastic job and my dog is always very happy there. I feel perfectly safe leaving her in their care.
5 Took my moms 2 little dogs here to get groomed as a surprise for her. They were fantastic with them and even stayed open a few hours late because my work hours interfered! Extremely great place and I would recommend Hug N Pups to every pet owner :)!
3 Everything was good. Ladies are very sweet and kind with the animals. It's also a cute place. The only  2 negative things were that I never received a call that my dog was done. I decided to go in 20 minutes before close because no one would answer my phone calls and let me know if she was done. That drove me crazy. My pugs haircut is a little uneven there are long lines going down her back. I tried to post a pic but it won't work, I'll try again tomorrow...
1 Unpleasant, inexperienced, and unwilling to help.... Don't take your animals here one groomer was severely hurting one of the dogs being groomed.
5 Amazing experience.  Recently moved to Phoenix and was nervous for my 2 old dogs (17 and 15 years old).  Both dogs are going blind, can't hear and don't enjoy the grooming process as they once did.  My daughter stopped in unannounced and found our 17 year old dog being held and loved to calm him down while on the table.  I can't say enough about the care my pups received!  I will be a customer for life!
5 Bringing my little Pepper from a bad situation involving pests, I was really concerned about getting him cleaned up so he could feel better and get healthier in his new environment. Finding the right groomer for the job was one of my top priorities, and being new to the area made it a nail biting experience.   I happened upon Hug N Pups in my google search and saw all the positive reviews, so I thought I'd give them a call. The woman I spoke to on the phone was pleasant and courteous, and happily explained everything that they'd be doing to take care of him down to the last detail, even going so far as to recommend a veterinarian I could take him to for follow up health checks.  After seeing how the groomers interact with the animals they're caring for, and seeing how good Pepper looks and seems to feel after his appointment with Linda, I have to say that I couldn't have chosen better than Hug N Pups. I've had dogs my entire life, and I've never been more impressed with a grooming business than I am with this one. Thank you all for taking such good care of my fur baby. You've got lifetime customer loyalty with Pepper and I.
