4 I feel the need...the need for speed!  If I'm as awesome at racing a hydraulic mounted nascar as I am at driving around town then I can honestly say, I suck!  Climb up and in one of seven cars to race against your friends while watching the action unfold on the screen infront of you...not much action on my screen I hardly made it off the start line.....obviously a guys ride..... got 6th out of 6.  Totally cool...if your into all the excitement of crashing along the strip and driving over 200 mph...whatever, I'll be off shopping and doing things girls do.
4 One of the funnest yet unknown things to do on the STRIP. back past the arcade and SPEED roller coaster ride is a virtual speedway with simultaneous racing on large screens with driving effects. It's like you feel every wreck,turn,wiggle and shake. It cheap and highly entertaining plus its out of the sun & safe.
3 As part of "So Long To Sahara", I hopped into the NASCAR wonderland of the Cyber Speedway.  Considering the casino is closing, the employees are "over it" at this point.  And I can't blame them for that.  They were like "Eh, whatever", as they led us to the intro video queue.  The video promised us "The most realistic ride ever", which... no.  It's pretty dated.  Like Playstation One graphics.  What was weird though is how the narrator fixated on the step getting into the car.  I wanted to slide across the hood and slip in through the window, but that wasn't an option.    But the guy kept talking about the step to get into the car.  "Once you mastered the platform...." he went on.  I looked at Paolo D. - Why do you need to "master" one step?  And then I completely lost my attention span about the rest of the droning video in contemplation about what insurmountable odds this step will cause me along the way, because the narrator even reiterated it.  This step sounded out for blood.  We took our places, and I was left to my destiny: To "Master the Step".  Putting my right foot out, I placed it upon the step and pushed up to set my left foot upon it.  And so ends my documentation of the greatest challenge I've ever faced in my life.  The ride was okay.  Not bad, but I wonder what it was like when it was "new".  I wrecked twice, spun out twice, but came in first.  There was no seatbelt in my car.  I thought that might have been a more potential hazard than the step, but clearly, I was mistaken.  It was the most fun I've ever "driven" around in a giant circle outside of a parking lot since I was in high school.  If you are at the Sahara, I implore you to get the combo package for the rollercoaster and this, master the step, drive in a circle, and live your dreams.  Live your dreams, indeed....
