3 The thing I like best about The Gym is the name. If you need an excuse to go have a drink or what ever and your S.O. asks where you are going, now you can say, "The Gym." That being said, they do have a full bar and a cool drink menu, which I frequent by trying new drinks when ever I eat there. The food is decent bar food, wings and all the trimmings. I have heard its the best place in QC to get your groove on, but I have yet to catch that. If you live out in BFEQC, you should check it out for sure!
4 I LOVE the Gym!  They have the best nachoes I've ever eaten.  They are reasonably priced, nice place to hang out with my friends.  The other food I've had is decent, like Heather said it's decent bar food.  Weekends usually feature a DJ or sporting event (UFC pay per view, for a cover).  I've always had decent service.  And their drinks are reasonably priced: $5.50 for a nice rum-filled daquari
1 Over-priced drinks. Generic redbull that tastes like crap. Crappy DJ running of equipment and speakers that look like they came from Spencers in the mall. The bartenders & waitresses were fat. The drinks were weak and slow to come. The Guinness was flat. No wings or bar food after 10ish. I'd rather go to Bevmo and order wingstreet.
3 Good food but sometimes slow service at times..been there 6-8 times
3 Went there with the hubby for some drinks last Sunday night. Walked in, country music playing about 5 customers at the bar. Found out kitchen was closed, it was right before 9pm. Tried a beer i've never had Agave wheat,  I think... very good. Bartender was great. Need to go back to try food, still not so sure about this place.
4 If you catch it on the right night a good time can be had here. The best thing about this place are the staff.
2 This price is overpriced and has crappy service. I was there in September and it's was really hot when we were eatting. I asked if they could turn the air down an they told me the air conditioner was broken.
3 Nice sports bar. I like the ribs and pulled pork sandwich. Appetizers are pretty standard. Plenty of TV 's in the place. Nice wait staff and fun people at the bar. It's also a nice dining place for family.
5 My friends and I did our annual Kentucky Derby Day here Saturday. It couldn't have been better. Jose promised the best breakfast burritos and totally delivered. I highly recommend getting the breakfast burrito with bacon AND ham. WOW that thing was amazing. We ate 5 plates of cheese curds between races because they're awesome. Anyway, if you're in the area anytime, stop by here. I still haven't been here in the evening or on a weekend night so I can't comment on that. Anyway, I personally give a thank you to Jose and our waiter for taking great care of my friends and I.
4 It looks like a bar but it has the BEST FOOD IN SAN TAN VALLEY! I was completely blown away by the variety and prices on the menu. How can you not like a place that sells cheese curds? Try them with the spicy wing sauce... you will be addicted. If you order a steak, you will be given restaurant quality with a beautiful presentation of fresh green beans, wax beans, and carrots. If you order a burger, I suggest the Blue Bruiser with blue cheese and onion rings on top. AMAZING.   The only thing keeping it from earning five stars is the service. I have been to The Gym four times with my kids and two times we had wonderful service but the other two times the service was slow and rude. Once, the waitress got the order wrong and never apologized and the second time it seemed that she had something better to do than her job. If you are not in a hurry and don't care about service, the food is worth it.
4 Food has been excellent! Wings and Tuesday night Tacos are the best.
5 Food has been excellent! Wings and Tuesday night Tacos are the best. Great place to bring the family!
1 If your looking for good drinks, good food and a place to hang out, this is NOT your place. Food is subpar, service is lousy and the bathrooms are the dirtiest i have ever seen. Take your family to Native New Yorker.
5 Best wings in town and an awesome place to watch sports!
1 So gross, I will never come back. The staff was drunk, customers drinking left over beers from other customers left on tables, people with starring problems. Just a low class dive bar that needs a complete make over. Stay away, there are better places to eat - Jack in the Box would be a better choice.
4 Overall I like The Gym. However, I have only had burgers and fries, but I have had some nasty burgers and fries served to me at other places. This is my favorite place for a burger. The burger is moist but not so greasy that it makes the bun soggy. The beer is really cold which is important to me, but the prices are high. There is a sign that reads...happy hour all day...but my draft was still $5.00 and we were there @ 4pm so the sign is bogus and there is no happy hour. I still am a fan.
1 Arrived 5:30 waited for 15 minutes and still no service, so i gave up. Left unserved. Went to San Tan Flats a few miles down hunt highway 100% better.
1 Dirty, run down, and rude staff, not attracting the best patrons. Will make the drive for a better environment next time
2 Its an ok place,  but went on a FRIDAY night and they were out of ALL wine, tequila and a huge list of beer. Whaaaaaat? Be prepared or send someone to go stock up.
1 Terrible service, we waited almost an hour for our food; they brought us our appetizer but nothing else we told them we're leaving we are paying for the appetizer , we are not paying for anything else and left.
4 Chips and Salsa are a must have! Chips come out fresh and hot. Be sure to load the salsa on because you only get 1 free basket, the salsa is so delicious that I'm sure it won't be an issue.  The reuben was amazing, high quality meat, the bread is grilled so no greasy mess on your fingers from butter, and all the flavors meld perfectly together.  The seasoned fries were delicious. Our server was great! She kept our drinks refilled and made sure we had everything we needed. From my perspective it wasn't dirty or run down at all.
1 Like old sweat shorts... The Gym stinks. 45 mins for food.. Poor service,  no idea what the specials were,  gross washrooms,  dirty and more.. Even the name doesn't make sense..  Would not bother going back. Avoid if possible.
1 This place has turned into a horrible dive bar. I used to go here back in 2009-2010 and it was really good. I stopped going when it started smelling like raw sewage a couple years ago. I figured that I would give it another shot today. Smell is gone.   This place needs to be on Bar Rescue. The manager sits at the corner of the bar drinking, cussing, and rolling silverware while the bartender talks to him and his buddies completely ignoring everyone else.   Ordered some chicken fingers. 30 minutes later, I ask where they are. The bartender put them in but the kitchen didn't cook them. You can have them in 7 minutes they tell me. No thanks and thanks for checking on them over the last 30 minutes. I get a VERY insincere "sorry". No comp on anything. Manger doesn't say anything except to keep drinking and being a loud mouth.   I will never go back to this dump. If you live in STV do yourself a favor and go to someplace like Native New Yorker or even Don Pedro's (which isn't great either but WAY better than the Gym).   If I could give zero stars I would.
3 Not bad at all. Its a bar so expect under trained employees and staff. Foods good when it comes out and beers cold. Good for kids and families before 9pm. Come check it out. Better than native new Yorker.
1 This place use to be fun the first year it opened went back about a month ago what a dive will never go back
4 Once they notice you the service is great! Good prices (even if not in happy hou(s)) New food menu coming in a couple of weeks the crab is really good, though.
