4 Some of my team went to Papa Bear's today without me....much to my disappointment, cause I was excited to try this "new"BBQ place.  Thankfully, they value getting their bonuses and brought me some after a little text message cajoling.  In my Styrofoam goodie box was a plethora of goodness. Rib tips. While not my favorite sauce slathered delicacy, they were tender and enjoyable. Beans. BBQ style with bits of jalepeno in them for shits and giggles (no pun intended). Slaw, which wasn't really to my liking. A cornbread muffin which according to my guys, was yummy when it was warm. Mine was cold. It was not yummy. But, whatever.  In general, 4 stars, maybe five if I actually eat there, instead of at my desk.
3 The food was good but, this where they lose stars, the food was obviously prepared ahead of time, refrigerated, heated up and served. The value was good fed my whole family well. Again the "leftover" nature of the meal left me wanting to know what fresh product would have been.
2 I didn't like the BBQ sauce on the ribs here.  While my ribs were passable, they certainly weren't excellent.  I'm not a fan of baked beans at all, so I skipped that.  I think they were barbequed which seems unappealing.  The cole slaw wasn't my favorite either, it was kind of blah.  All in all, I'd say go elsewhere if you are looking for delicious barbeque.
5 Amazing food.  Great family feel, I promise you won't be disappointed
3 Meh - didn't love it.   The people were nice. The food was okay; it's a decent place to grab BBQ for a cheap lunch.  That's all I have to say.
3 Good food served by a nice, friendly staff. I'm glad they are in my neighborhood. I wish they had potato salad, though...
4 In the neighborhood to do some business so me and my co-workers stopped in for lunch. Prices are reasonable, and the menu has multiple selections for lunch to eat in or to-go.    We selected the lunch/dinner for 4, beans, slaw, biscuits, ribs, chicken and tips!  What a GREAT choice, everthing was tasty, hot, and large portions.  Service was very attentive.  Give this place a try.
4 I had a great experience for lunch at Papa Bear's BBQ today. Nice people who custom made my sandwich. The food was very good. The sauce was tasty and the people were very nice. The prices were only okay for the portion. I think the prices would be more appropriate if the portions were larger. Overall, it was very good and I'll go back.
4 The location is clean but pretty bare-bones, but the staff is very friendly and the  food is awesome. The ribs are smoky, tender and not greasy or over-sauced. The garlic potato wedges are to die for, several steps above the usual fries. The beans seemed from a can and there weren't any greens on the menu but the food was affordable and very satisfying. If Momma was southern, this would be like home cooking!
4 I walked into Papa Bears for the first time and told the man behind the counter it was my first time. He said, "you will not be disappointed".  He was right. I ordered a full rack of ribs (because I'm a fatty). It came with a side of homemade potato wedges, coleslaw, and a great biscuit. All To-Go.  I enjoyed everything. It was a plentiful amount of food, giving me a day 2 leftovers on all. The BBQ sauce on the wet ribs tasted like Sweet Baby Rays, which I loved. They were pre cut making it so much easier to dig into this feast. The wedges were season and cooked to perfection, giving me the feeling like they had just freshly cut these potato's used to make the wedges. The biscuit was totally homemade, buttery, and moist. I wish I had been given two of them. Next time I guess I know to order an extra.  If u like ribs, give this place a chance. I would recommend take out for sure. Just a heads up...it looks like they are not open on Sunday, which I found out the hard way on my first attempt to eat here. Happy I went back!
5 What?!? Can you say "true love"?  I walked in and the smells that met me at my door were simply heavenly.  This was my first time and I need to find more reasons to go.  For $9 I ordered the pork shoulder (sliced pork, similar to pulled pork) with a side of cole slaw and garlic wedges.  He also had mac and cheese but I was trying to make a better decision.  I regret it.  I should have said to heck with calories!    OOH!  Now I have a reason to go back.    The meat was tender and seasoned well.  The sauce was strong without being overpowering.  The flavors were so spot on.  I could not finish what I was given.  It was just too much.  My husband ordered the combo of ribs and chicken.  Papa Bear was so generous with the sauce that you couldn't even see all of the ribs and chicken.  His combo was ONLY $12.  So for $21 we had dinner.  Wow.    You can order off of GrubHub, you pay more for the food but they will deliver.  And it is only about $1 more and TOTALLY worth it!. You can also call it in.  They are open 11a-9p.  Just amazing.  Can I please just talk more about tenderness of the pork?  Am I going off topic?  Am I in love?  Yes....
5 Papa's BBQ makes me so happy!  I keep going back for more and more. There is something just so great about the taste of each individual item I've had so far here. The ribs are great, chicken is smoky and awesome, pork shoulder is amazing, tips are so awesome! Biscuits are the best in Madison! Fresh cooked wedges! Amazingly creamy cole slaw! Ahhhh I just can't stop!!!!!  Ok everyone.....go to Papa Bears! Some of the best BBQ I have ever had. I wish I could give it a solid 6 stars.
