4 A friend and I decided to try the Grill at the Wigwam today since neither of us had ever been. When we arrived the main room was closed to diners as it had a private meeting taking place so we were given a choice of a side room or the bar with a view of the golf course. We chose the side room and good choice as the bar had a small group loudly enjoying a golf game on the TV, which of course if fine since that is where one should enjoy such activity.   From what I understand this as were other areas of the resort recently remodeled. Like so many places that have been remodeled it seems they were playing it safe as not to offend, yet it does not excite. A nice republican staid feel to it.   We were greeted by a very pleasant man and seated directly. We were then greeted by the waitress who I think was Terri. She brought our drinks which was freshly brewed coffee. I had asked what brand and she said Starbucks, this surprised me as I liked that which she poured. She then explained it was a different blend from the blend they use in their stores.  My lunch partner and I both had a cup of clam chowder. the texture seemed more like a bisque but a very good flavour.  Mer had a pastrami sandwich and I the American Kobe burger. Both came with seasoned fries. My burger was quite good and much too big. So I now have dinner. Mer liked her pastrami and enjoyed every bite. We both liked the fries, yet I could only eat a few as they were just so full of flavour a few did the job.   Our wait person/Terri was very attentive and friendly through out and did as a wait person should, ask if we preferred dessert before she brought the check.   A very nice lunch was had.
5 What a dinner!  Wife and I took advantage of a summer special at the Wigwam and took advantage of a restaurant.com coupon for the Grill at the Wigwam.  Couldn't have been nicer.  The service at The Grill is impeccable.  The restaurant itself is very comfortable and provides a nice view of the golf courses.  But on to the food.  I had the New York Strip steak medium rare.  It was outstanding.  Nearly fork tender and super grilled taste.  Don't know the sauce it was served with but it made a great steak taste even better.  My lovely wife had the pork chop and it was superb.  She really liked the sauce it was served with.    The house salad is plentiful and fresh.  Every ingredient was fresh, crispy and the house dressing was excellent.    All in all, we had a dinner fit for an early summer eve's finest.
4 I had a reservation for 8pm on a Friday night.  It was perfect.  The place was EMPTY so I had my choice of seating.  I picked a nice, dimly lit golf course view.    My girlfriend ordered the shrimp pesto and I ordered the fish and chips Friday special.  We also spent the big $2 on a cup of clam chowder, which was excellent.  Overall the meal was quite delicious.  Tip of the day - these guys are on restaurant.com!  Save some $$$!!!  Our total bill including 2 entrees and a desert was about $40.  We used our restaurant.com coupon which bought it down to like $22 out of pocket including gratuity!
4 After a morning hike we returned to the resort for some food.  We decided to come here since it was close to the clubhouse so my fiance could golf the gold course.  We sat outside and it was very peaceful- they had a lot of umbrellas to keep your area shady.    We ordered the flatbread to start- which was just ok.  My friend and I split the cobb salad and turkey club.  Very good but the bun was super greasy.  My fiance had the burger.  I liked that the chef uses a lot of fresh and locally grown products.  The fries were really good and tasted fresh too.   One cool thing I liked (kinda random) was there are tv screens in the mirrors within the bathroom...ha.  I think this would be a nice place to go after or before golfing.  It seems like the outside you can get away with wearing whatever you want but inside it looked to be a little more fancier... my gym shorts and sweaty t-shirt didn't really fit the dress code for inside.
5 My wife and I decided to give the grill a try while staying at the Wigwam, after reading about it in the room magazine. We had ceasar salads that were great to start.  I had Chef Matt's burger. It was one if the best tasting burgers I have ever had. It came with very thick cut bacon, onions, lettuce, and the best part, a Guiness and honey reduction sauce that I would have taken home by the gallon. My wife had the Kobe meatloaf. It was also amazing. It came atop mashed potatoes and with a gravy that was simply awesome. The whole combo was mouthwatering. We will definitely go back. Possibly tomorrow.
5 Now called "Red Allen's" for the original golf pro.  This establishment remains a great piece of a great resort now call simply "The Wigwam". Traditions do live on.
4 Second visit and the experience was excellent. Everybody was friendly and welcoming beginning with Jesse our maitre d'. Our waitress refilled our drinks and then elected to leave the carafe so we could refill at our leisure. We were there for lunch and found the food to be flavorful and perfectly prepared. As it was lunch the cost was also very reasonable. The patio was well laid out without being overcrowded with plenty of umbrellas provided lots of shade. You were encouraged to choose from all of the tables rather than being seated at the staffs convenience. This allowed the meal to commence with a reasonable amount of privacy and made conversation easy without having to raise your voice. Congratulations has to be given to the group of women golfers who were celebrating a hole-in-one at the end of their round. They were rightly animated in their celebrations which made our conversation a little difficult to keep up. But we were on the patio, at a top golf courses and I can't imagine the noise I'd be making if I had got that elusive hole-in-one. So it was fun to be able to share their enjoyment. So to conclude. The second visit and a successful one across the board. Good food, good weather and good company and all at a fair price. Would I come back? Definitely. Reds is quietly becoming a favorite.
4 I have been looking for a new place to eat  Sunday breakfast... I have been to just about all the other places and they have been OK but I was still looking... Until now...  I have found my place...I have to admit Reds bar and grill doesn't scream good breakfast but it's perfect for me...  close to home.... good food... quick service.. no waiting... and a fair price...
2 Food was excellent! Service was horrible.  Hence the 2 stars.   Not even half full restaurant & 2 hrs from start to finish
2 We've had wonderful service in the past but today was an incredible disappointment.  For a restaurant that has has several write ups in local papers over the past month, one would be led to believe that the service and food would be exceptional.  Our waitress had a bad attitude from the beginning, the manager had poor excuses and the food was just okay.  Thankfully the person refilling our water did a great job,  too bad he was not out server.  Won't be back, won't recommend.
4 I was hoping to get a burger more like the picture I saw... it was still REALLY good, but not great. Bartender was awesome, very friendly. This place has a crappy location and boring interior, if this was closer to Litchfield it would probably explode.  A couple beers and huge burger for $20, hard to complain. I'll likely be back for that burger again.
4 I like the food - the drinks not so much. In nice weather sit outside for a nice view.
2 We had a wonderful waiter, Zach!  He was very attentive.  The food was good, but not outstanding for the price. The carpet at the entrance steps up to the restaurant was filthy.  It doesn't make a good impression.  It didn't get any better inside.  The carpet needs a good, deep clean cleaning or be replaced.  It is hard to get past the filthy carpet and think the place is clean.  The tile floor heading to the restrooms was quite dirty and there were broken tiles. When we arrived, there was no one at the front desk to greet us.  We stood there waiting for about 5 or 6 minutes.  This is not a good welcoming to guests.
1 Waited 15 minutes at hostess stand to be seated, no one showed. Sat ourselves at the bar amongst other guests, where a manager was stocking beer. No greeting from manager even. Wait another 10 minutes to see other guests looking around for service as well, but no showing of a bartender, server or even the previously seen manager. Sad showing from such high expectations.
1 Had to look for someone to get us a drink after golf. Were told the Ultimate Nachos were great, NOT. Sent them back, second order was just as bad as the first batch missing the guacamole because they said we ate that on the first go around. This is a 5 star resort? I think not.  Not a wasted day, though, the golf was good, cart girl, great!
2 Definitely not nearly the caliber of their sibling, the Red Door Spa. I know this place is intended to be more of a casual pub for the resort golfers, locals, spa patrons and others who want an inexpensive lunch, but they could do better. This is the third time I've eaten here and I have no complaints about their food, (other than the cook can NEVER get what 'well done' for a hamburger means) nothing has a wow factor either.  I always loved the pubs growing up that had a casual signature food that was soo dang good, you could only get it there.  Red's won't disappoint, but don't expect to fall in love either! Atmosphere outdated. My husband dismissed it because the resort has been around for a long time.  Yes, but seriously, time to refurbish a little.  Make it a little more "golf-modern." My favorite example would be the clubhouse restaurant of Verrado.  The Verrado Grille.  Comparable, as it's for day golfers, the locals, and general public as well, but it's a few notches above Red's.  The booth seating is awkward; tables just a little too high (or booth seats too low) and the furniture is outdated.  Howard Johnson's anyone? Please, consider a make-over Red's.  For now I'll continue taking my out of towners to Verrado Grille, even though you're just minutes away.
4 Enjoyed breakfast/brunch today with a large group to celebrate a friend's graduation. The service was EXCELLENT and the food was quite tasty. We had a large party of 14 people and we were well cared for. The prices were very reasonable for a resort location and with the variety of dishes we ordered, everyone's meals were spot on. This is definitely a casual location meant for the golf/tennis crowd but it still has cloth napkins and proper china table wear. I was very impressed and look forward to a future visit!
4 Great view, great service and good food. We had Eggs Benedict and Bacon and Eggs, which are both pretty easy to make. The side of country gravy was a little funky tasting, not sure why.
