5 great spot, full stage for bands, and great service!   p.s. look for the scotsman.
2 I recently realized that most of my reviews are of the 4/5 star variety.  My theory on this is that when I visit somewhere I really like, I can't wait to shout it to the world.  Otherwise, I just make a mental note never to return, forget about it and go on with my life.  Well since I don't want people to think that I love everything (and discount my reviews thusly) I'll write something about this place.  Went on a Saturday night to see a friend's band... and couldn't get a drink.  Not because of a long line, mind you, but instead because there was one bartender that never came to our end of the bar.  There is seriously a 100 ft bar in there, and a single bartender patrolling only the first 20 feet of it.  And not the part by the band.    Other than that frustration, I really have nothing else positive to say about this place.  Kind of old and run down on the inside. If you live anywhere in Tempe and are looking for a sports bar, I can't think of a reason to go here.
5 Bogey's is one of my favorite places to go. I've gone more than 30 times and I've never had a bad experience. The wait staff is friendly and efficient and always fun! Tuesdays they have trivia and $1 tacos and they have great beer and other drink specials through out the week! One of my favorite things about this bar is that I can go and have a great night out and not worry about spending too much money!
2 Been here a couple times now.  First was during the Breast Cancer 3-Day.  Our team has a tradition of stopping for a beer in the afternoon, just one.  It gives us something to look forward too (the proverbial carrot at the end of the stick, if you will) and gives us that last burst of energy we need to make it to camp.  The next time it was to see a band.  The band was cool, the place is just alright.  It's pretty much a dive bar and I'm pretty sure there are a ton of regulars that love this place because it's cheap and close to their house and whatever.  I'm just not one of them.  We all have a place like that, so I get it.  Bottom line, I'll stop here if its on the way to camp and I've walked 20 miles that day, or if my friends are going here to see a band, otherwise, I'm pretty sure I'm going to go somewhere else.
2 While the food was OK, the service definitely left something to be desired. We had multiple people serving our party, which made it confusing as to who we could actually ask when we needed something. The initial waitress was friendly and helpful but after she delivered our first round we lost sight of her. Our second server we all mistook for the bus boy, and as it turns out was a far more accurate description. After about three people ordered drinks his eyes glossed over and he admittedly couldn't even remember the second persons drink. We would have valued his honesty if he had not also been visibly irritated that such a large group dare order from him.   The service rant aside, Bogey's hosts a pretty fun trivia night and there specials are plentiful and worthwhile. The bar is large and spacious offering outdoor seating and shuffleboard ( a personal favorite of mine). While I wouldn't go out of my way to frequent this semi dive bar, if that's where to group wants to go, I wouldn't object.
4 I typically enjoy bar hopping versus staying put at one place for a night.  However, I really do enjoy my time at Bogey's and when I just want to hang out with friends and walk home, I just take the 200 yard trek to Bogey's.  First, Elaine's numerous friendly event reminders always keep my up to date on the bar next by my house (thanks, Elaine!)  Next, the $3.50 Three Olives Flavors Vodka drinks from open 'til close are a welcome bonus.    The food is very good fried bar food.  The Mozarella Sticks are nicely breaded with crispy exteriors and the ranch is tasty.  I definitely enjoy the spice factor of the breaded and fried Jalapeno Caps.  I also enjoy partaking in Friday's all you can eat fish fry.  The fish is flaky with a light, crispy batter.  The fries are fried just right and the tangy tartar sauce compliments the food well.  The patio is also large and accomodating and allows for patrons to escape the sounds of the bands that play on weekend nights (that's the only negative-some of the bands should drop the volume from 11 to 5 for all of us over 25!)    Bogey's is also an excellent sports bar.   They have many, many flat panel TVs that are less than 5 feet away from the patrons.  It makes for some excellent viewing versus many other popular sports bars in the Valley.  Finally, the beer and booze is pretty cheap all the time.  They offer an excellent happy hour and reverse happy hour too.  It's a laid back place with a mixture of young and old locals.  They also hold many fund raisers for good causes.  I'm glad Tempe has a relaxed watering hole like Bogey's.
4 Friendly and attentive service, good food at a fair price.  I ordered the club sandwich and got much tastier and bigger sandwich than I expected for $6.  Which included a generous serving of waffle fries.    I read a previous reviewer saying the place was run down which I don't see how.  The complex is older but clean and the restaurant looks like it was completely remodeled withing the last 2-3 years.    There are at least 15 flat screens so that no matter where you go you can easily see the tv.    Its not a 5 star kind of place but is a great local sports bar.
4 I spend Friday evening at Bogey's as a friend was celebrating his birthday. The Happy Hour specials were priced right with a $4.00 charge for a small pitcher of Shock Top. Good Stuff. I decided to eat something so I ordered the quesadilla appetizer with chicken. I was surprised that it was so tasty! My friends all had the Friday night special, all you can eat fish and chips. The place was very busy but the service from our gal was completely acceptable. I wish we had a place like this in the north valleys! I would be a regular. I recommend Bogey's for a night out with the gang!
2 Fish fry my ass.... More like fish sticks. Maybe me East Coast Irish Catholic butt is spoiled from the beer battered monster fish frys I grew up with, but this one was LAME!!!
5 Bogeys is awesome sauce.   I'm usually here twice a week or so, and its the definition of what a local neighborhood bar should be.   The food is exceptional, especially for the price. I can't count how many OC or Chipotle chicken sandwiches I've had. I can't remember ever being disappointed with any menu item, and the Tuesday $1 tacos are fantastic.   They have tons of TVs and the staff is super friendly. The patio is big, and the bartenders are friendly and helpful.  If there could be any complaints, I'd say the servers sometimes get overwhelmed and can be slow. They're cute and fun though, so I won't take a star away for it.  Like I said at the beginning, for a neighborhood bar, you can't ask for more.
4 Service......5 stars. I love a bartender that remembers what Im drinking.  Food.....REALLY good for bar food. Everything I've had has been delicious.  Decor.....Ehh.....dive bar? Kinda?  Clean place, good for me.  Kind of a sausage fest tho, I've been in here about 10 times and never any women. Oh well, Im never there more than an hour at a time anyway.   Live music on some weekend nights, no one really seems to pay attention to the band, too band, I've heard some really good groups here.   Local bar and will be back. Week after week.
3 Yeah... I like this place...  Agreed it is kind of a dive-y neighborhood bar... I'm OK with that...    You want upscale... then what are you doing in Tempe???    This place is clean, great food (especially for a bar!!!) and the patrons are friendly.  They have great food and drink specials and nice smoking patio, pool tables and always seem to have something going on... poker, karaoke, trivia, live music, etc.   My one hang up... the service... Only when you sit directly at the bar do you get great service... Sitting at a table the servers seem to be checked out most of the time.  Slow, forgetful, spending most of their time standing by the bar staring off into space when you have already asked for a refill on water, etc. Just make sure that you take your patience with you!  This place would be stellar if the management could get the waitresses motivated!
3 I live nearby so I go to Bogey's every now and then.  For a bar, their food is really good.  I especially like the pizzas.  Service is not that great though.
1 I checked the Yelp reviews before I visited this joint.  Sure 'nuf...lousy service.  Sat at the bar and was ignored for 10 minuts by the 2 bartenders that walked right by me or kept talking to their buddies nearby.  So, I took my money south to the Vine and got great service.  Bogey's:  Get a clue.  You're in the service industry.
1 THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!  A sports bar?  REALLY??!!  I walk in there in the middle of the 4th quarter of a Suns game and it wasn't on ONE TV!!!!!  Is this a sports bar for people from Minnesota?  And there was some idiot reading BINGO numbers using a bullhorn.  Too cheap for a PA system??  I cannot express how much I hated this place.  DON'T BOTHER STOPPING IN!!!!!!!
4 Good for sports, local music, food, and drinks! Weeknight entertainment like trivia, karaoke, and Bingo can't be beat.
3 I've been to Bogeys several times late at night, and you know what, it's not a half bad place.  As far as the atmosphere goes, it's casual, relatively friendly, and kind of a dive.  But sometimes I just want that in a bar!  The bartenders are friendly, and the people are usually pretty nice too (though I do remember one night where a VERY over-served patron kept wandering up to me and muttering unpleasant things - no harm, though).  Drinks are nice and cheap and they have a pretty decent beer selection.  I'm a fan of their half-pitcher specials which make for a great late night gulp that doesn't go overboard.  They also do a great reverse happy hour with reasonably decent food and well-priced drinks.  The food is basically the price and quality of fast food, but you get to sit down and have a beer with it.  It's not really a foodie spot, but it's decent bar grub.  Oh, and they have pool, shuffleboard (YAY!), and other games.  This place is a great hangout.  It's not upscale, it's not super cozy, it's not too rough, and it's just a bit weird (in a good way).  This is what a neighborhood bar should be.  It's a great regular watering hole, especially if you live nearby.
5 Bogeys is a great little bar with shockingly good food for a sports bar, a really nice patio, lots of tvs, and good music. I come to Bogeys after dodgeball and love the pretty extensive beer selection and menu overall.
5 Bogeys has such a fun, friendly atmosphere! The food is always good and the drinks are cheap! we have. Large group that comes in every week and they are always so accommodating!
5 This is a great neighborhood bar! We have been in our house,that's right around the corner for about a year now and every time we've been to Bogeys we've been impressed with their food. Great local bar! We love supporting local establishments, especially when there's pride put into the product.
4 Great spot, good food (Taco Tuesdays are the best), and very friendly service!  I have taken many people here and all have enjoyed themselves.  One of my favorite things about a bar is when people are friendly and will chat with you.  I was telling the bartender that I usually go somewhere else and that it was my first time in Bogeys.  Kathy took the time to give me the lay of the land and then asked where I usually go.  I told her and she started asking if I knew certain people from the other bar, and we did.  Now whenever I go back she remembers me (as do other bartenders/ servers) and make you feel right at home.  GREAT PLACE!
5 The gem of all bars - HIDDEN in Tempe behind a Circle K? Who would'a knew?!  I'm only writing this review because I live in Tucson now and I can't keep it all to myself. So, although I wish I could make this my regular spot, I'm just going to have to let it go and give it to the land of Yelp. Sharing is caring, right?   BOGEYS! I came up to visit my best friend last night and we decided to go grab a bite to eat and a drink at a local bar. Of course this treasure was a block away from her house - need I say again - hidden off Guadalupe behind a Circle K.   We got there at about 10pm and there were maybe a dozen people there. I was surprised with how much space was inside; it was deceiving from the outside. We sat at the bar and ordered a couple beers and hamburgers.   STAR - They had an IPA. Local bar with an IPA option? Love.  STAR - Their burgers and garlic fries were frickin' awesome. I don't expect much of bar food, but this burger exceeded expectations. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. I definitely want to go back and try more of their food.  STAR - The bartender working was really laid back and friendly - not to mention he asked if I wanted another beer the second I took my last sip and set my glass down.  STAR - Pool tables. After eating, we played a few games of pool and the tables were in great shape. Everyone hates playing on a crappy table, amiright?  STAR - put it all together and what do you get? A great bar that you can get great service, amazing food, good beer, billiards, and have great conversation with good company.   You're welcome for sharing.
5 My friends and I heard about this place and drove in from Scottsdale and Glendale.  So worth the trip.    Service was great.  Waitress was the right amount of attentive and flirty.  Food was terrific - had the potato skins and calamari to start and the Seafood Fra Diavolo for dinner.  The seafood had some real kick to it -- never had it so good in a bar restaurant.  We eat out a ton, all over the country in fact, and this place is a real find.  Hidden away from the street so you have to look closely for it, but look for it you should!
5 Heard about this place through a friend of a friend -- I travel regularly for work and always looking for good grub / atmosphere.  This place was my kind of pub -- pool tables, darts, lots of TVs and plenty of elbow room.   Don't be fooled by the dark parking lot -- this place is OPEN!   Food was excellent -- we started off with potato skins and garlic chips (think garlic cheese bread).  Very good stuff.   For dinner I had the OC chicken sandwich; and as the menu suggests, had it cajun style...a suggestion well heeded as it was a delightfully flavorful treat. A minor detail to some; but for me was a home run ball --- homemade potato chips were my side.  As a chip afficianado, I was stoked by this offering and was not disappointed.    My only regret is that, as I said, I travel for work during the week.  I wish this place was in my home town as I'd throw anchor here with my pals on a Saturday and/or Sunday for football, brews and the excellent grub.  I can't wait to dine here again, probably on a Monday for Monday Night Football!!!
5 Bogey's reminds me off a bar I used to frequent in college.  The tap selection was very good and they have all sorts of games like shuffleboard and pool.  Great pub food too!
5 I met some friends there for drinks and dinner after work.  We were all very happy with the food and service.  If we had more time we would have played some pool or shuffle board.  Their pool tables were in top notch shape and the place was clean and well appointed for a sports bar.  We ordered a few appetizers for the table, all of which were pretty decent, but the calamari stood out as especially tasty.  I ordered the fish and chips for dinner but had an opportunity to change my order when I noticed the seafood pasta on the menu. I'm sure the fish and chips would have been great, but the pasta was a huge winner.  It was exactly the right balance of pasta, sauce, and seafood with a nice amount of heat.  None of us left hungry and the service was attentive but not overbearing.  The draft beer selection was great as well, with a good IPA and some other selections beyond the normal bar options.  We will definitely go back when we are in town for business again.
5 After discovering this place a few weeks ago, been back 4x. Last time with friends. Perfect in every way. Patio, inside, not too loud, friendly, service, prices, and food. Lots of TV's.
2 Your basic neighborhood bar.  Was there on a Thursday night at 9.  Service was chaotic as the waitress was working the entire room, including behind the bar.  Food was over-priced. Took probably 45 minutes between placing the food order and actually geting it, and they mixed some of the order up.  DO NOT order the pork tenderloin sandwich they offer as the Thursday night special.  Had to track the waitress down to pay the bill.  Service - Slow and chaotic Food - Over-priced and Meh.
4 I love Bogeys. I live nearby and I'm a regular. The food is good and the service is friendly. It's the kind of place where the employees come hang out on their nights off.  The garlic chips and buffalo wings are awesome. Most of the menu is shockingly good. They have specials every night of the week with dishes revolving each month. They do trivia and poker and bingo if that's your thing but I go for the great food, cheap drinks ($8 pitcher? yes, plz) and friendly staff.   This is a great hangout. Not gourmet, not dirty, but friendly and laid back enough to relax you and surprisingly good food.
4 This place should really be in the dive bar category, no offense. I do, however, love this place!   On Tuesdays they do taco Tuesday where their street tacos are only $1.00. You simply MUST try their tacos, they are freakin' amazing!!!  I order the vegetarian ones which has grilled vegetables, melted cheese, lettuce, corn, and a pico that isn't too tomatoey. I hate tomatoes, yet I can handle this. They also have black beans, fresh cilantro, and sometimes, roasted garlic. They come on a mini corn tortilla and are totally to die for!   This place also has "theme nights" where they'll do poker and other fun things. I have only been there on Tuesdays, so I'm unsure what else they have going on. There are also pool tables and a shuffle board table. The shuffle board is tons of fun!   The drinks aren't badly priced either. Last time I was there I ordered 2 tacos and 2 pints of bud light and I think the total was something like $9. Not too shabby if you ask me.   Definitely recommended for taco Tuesday!
4 Let me say up front, it's bar food.  If you know what that means, you know what to expect. This isn't high class dining. But if you are looking for good food and a beer; this is a good place to go.  I lived down the street from this place for a couple of years while attending college; it was a nice little dive bar once a week with decent food, good people and reasonable prices.  They also have a rotating menu of specials and a variety of events from week to week so there are plenty of reasons to come back.
4 We are pretty casual people and sports bars are our kind of place.  Bogeys is the best that we've found.  We live nearby and everyone in the neighborhood likes it too.  The food is really good and the staff is friendly.  Great burgers and salads.  And the onion rings are lovely!  Great food, great drinks, great prices, great service - what's not to love.  Just wish I could get a cocktail napkin.  Since we go there about once a week, you'd think I'd remember to bring my own.
2 Went on a Saturday night..the lights were too bright, the bartender wasn't attentive & it smelled like rotten eggs.
5 Best bar food in Phoenix, friendly people and great service (at the bar)!
3 Went to this place after a night of bowling fun with friends.  Found this place hidden behind a Circle K store, surprised that we even found the place.  The place doesn't look like it's surviving from the outside, but once you get inside, it's whole other story.  It has a huge space inside with 2 pool tables and many different video games.  On the patio side, there are many other games you can participate in either with your friends or with strangers you meet in the bar.  I didn't try their food this time, only some yummy beer.  Will probably go back again if I'm in the area next time.  Great find!
3 On a little Bike & Brew ride this past Saturday afternoon and our final stop was Bogeys. This first visit was a pleasant surprise - bright, friendly, and way bigger than we expected. The beer prices were incredibly happy hour but limited compared to some of our favorite places. The shot of the day was a pre-mixed concoction and overly sweet (Washington Apple.) I know I've had better before. I'd stop in here again for a quick drink if I was in the neighborhood. No idea about the food. Oh, there are pool tables too - fun.
4 We're happy to call Bogey's our neighborhood bar. We can walk there from our house, as many of its patrons do. Like us, the majority of Bogey's clientele are neighborhood people, and it attracts a wide age range, from hipsters to seniors.  The bar is well-stocked. The beer selection is excellent. The food and service are consistently good. (Madison is our favorite server and Ryan is an awesome bartender.) The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly. And it's always clean and nicely decorated.   Great place to watch sports, meet friends for happy hour, or to just relax and catch a quick dinner. They have daily happy hour specials along with food and drink specials pretty much every day.      The owner also does an outstanding job of supporting the local community and holding fun special events. They also make every effort to accommodate the many TV viewing requests they get from sports fans.   If you're in the vicinity of Rural & Guadalupe, Bogey's is definitely worth visiting.
5 This place is great. Almost rated 4 stars because the bartender Ryan always hits on me, which is not cool. But the rest of the place is good enough to still give it five.
5 first time to Bogeys since it was first purchased. Very nice place, staff was friendly, i had the potstickers and the pretzel with cheese. Yum! my only complaint would be that the pretzel had too much salt, but that's a personal choice, i just brushed it off. the potstickers were awesome, you get 5 for $3 during happy hour. i could have eaten several more. Cute menu, everything is named around a golf theme. Will go again.
5 This place is awesome! Good beer, good food, good prices, great staff. Definitely my favorite place after a long day at work. If they only had Blue Moon on tap I would give it 6 stars.
4 Agreed, it is a dive bar BUT it has good food @ great pricing. If you feel like kicking back, it's a cool place to be. Live music on the weekend.
5 Name a place where on the second time in the barman remembers your drink?  This is that sort of place.  Food is bar food, this isn't haute cuisine but then if you are coming here for haute cuisine then you really are missing the point.  Good solid bar fare, great people.  Good time.
