5 Interbike is the highlight of my year, EVERY YEAR!  This is the gathering of bike nerds, and nuts from all over the world could not be any better.  Sands Expo Center has 1.2 MILLION square feet of pure pleasure while Interbike is in town.  In fact the show is going on as I type this, and will end tomorrow.  I had to come home 2 days early to go to school unfortunately.  Please please please, open a bike shop, and go to Interbike to experience the fun, and swag that it has in store.
5 What can I say, this is the biggest athletic trade show I have ever seen in my life. Seriously, it dwarfed the renounded "San Diego Comicon" and many other massive trade shows. If you are in any way interested in cycling, sports, or just having fun, this is definitely not one to miss. So head out to Vegas and check it out!
3 It's a giant convention center. I mean giant! You won't believe how big this place is since it doesn't look so huge from the outside. The halls are massive and can hosts lots of conventions at once.  They have been doing some renovations so the bathrooms are nicer, and the common areas have new carpet and furnishings. There are some shiny new Coke machines ($3 for a 20 ounce bottle) as well.  The biggest plus for the Sands Convention Center is that it's connected to the Venetian / Palazzo so it's right on the Strip (and during breaks you can walk to those properties for lunch instead of getting stuck at the ridiculously overpriced snack bar).  The biggest negative is the drop-off area. It is INSANE. There is one teeny tiny little underpass where you can get a taxi or have someone meet you. When I have a convention, I walk a few blocks and have my husband pick me up down the street. It can take a long time for cars to get through traffic just to turn IN to the place.
4 I'm here every year for the AAPEX show.  My company has a booth and stand so I get to deal with the wonderful world of union employees - Vegas style!  To be honest, I have never had ONE bad experience here.  Is it overpriced?  Yes.  But the service and the performance (ability to make things happen) is always on point.  The one really big complaint I've always had, are the bathrooms.  Really.  They are basically non existent.  This last time I stood in line with a bunch of men to use the one open loo.  It was not a pleasant experience.    A convention center of this size has no way of being clean.  I see a show from set up to tear down, and I'm always amazed that no one get's killed or injured.  The place is huge and there is only so much people can do.  The transportation is easy in and out which I love - and being connected to Casinos doesn't hurt!
