2 I will say that it's gotten better.   I remember back in the day when Madison's drink menu was atrocious, almost en par with something like The State Bar or Mondays, just more expensive.  (aka, Cosmos have gasoline for vodka).  But their drink menu now has a yummy variety of martinis, like the "Matador" (think Margarita Martini), or a Tartini.  But frankly, if you want a REALLY good martini in a MUCH better, non-loud-crowded-people-bumping-on-top-of-you-with-drinks-because-martini-glasses-are-tough-to-handle type place, all you have to do is cross the street to Opus, or walk down a block for Cocoliquot, or go across to the Casbah, and you'll have BOTH yummy drinks and good appetizers....  Also, for $8/martini (without tip) I expect a better atmosphere where the martinis are not spilling everywhere, which well.. happens when inexperienced yuppie wannabes who just got their first expense account and decided to buy the khakis and striped shirts and try their first Dewars black label and stating that they're used to this good life get a drink.  Ok, that IS here AND there.  Yes.  This is my review and I'm sticking to eat.
4 So here's what normally happens in an evening out. You have a few drinks, you hear a few good songs at whatever bar or house you're at then, bam; you and all your friends want to go clubbing. But the selection of places to bust a move in Madison is limited. Enter Madisons. They have a downstairs dance floor that plays the music that allows you to showcase that hour you spent in the Beginners hip-hop class you took awhile ago. Perfect. Even if  you don't like to dance, there is always the upstairs bar and lounge area. Most of the time this area is crowded, but the scene is good and the bartenders are awesome. As long as you're not a complete idiot, and are sober enough to be coherently explain your drink order you will get what you want, good service and an excellently made drink. The clientele is generally out to have a good time as well, people are easy to talk to and you can always make some new friends. All in all Madisons is a fun place to go and just enjoy a night Downtown.
4 There's just something about Madison's.  I love the downstairs bar and dance floor.  Can't say too much about the upstairs.  I hear there's a lounge and bar.  I probably walk past it every time but it's always been a blur as as I stumble down the stairs to get to the dance floor.  Hated Britney's "Gimme More" but for some reason, sounded great when it was blasting at Madison's.  Now that's saying a lot.  Alright, FINE.  I have her whole Blackout album okay?!  Looks like this might be where I am booking my P. Diddy White Party for my 23rd birthday.
2 I had dinner here with three friends last night. At first I was very glad to be sat immediately, especially on graduation night. But, I soon found out that the sub-par food was the reason there wasn't a wait for a table.  What was wrong about this dining experience? Allow me to enumerate:  1) The floor wasn't level, which slanted the table and had me worried a drink would topple over  2) The flatware was rolled in heavy-duty paper towels. No, not even paper napkins, industrial strength paper towels. Also, the server insisted on returning to our table simply to place cheap paper bar napkins under each of our glasses. From the sidewalk I was expecting to see a bit more class in their presentation -- not to mention the fact that linens are less harsh on the environment over the course of their "lifetime" in a restaurant. Oh, well.  3) The food was far from unique, heck, it was about as "cuisine" as anything you might get at a truck stop diner.  4) The server, and the manager, refused to leave us alone. The server returned to our table, immediately after taking our order simply to ask, "Is there anything I can do for you while you wait?" No, there isn't, or we would have asked you 2 minutes ago, now go away, we're talking. Also, I think our server stopped by to see if the food was to our liking 4 times. Go away! Maybe he was new and had never been a server before, that would explain a lot.  5) The server never came by to refill drinks, he would only ask if the food was good and then disappear, leaving our glasses empty.  I may return, if I find myself in the area, and ravenous, and every other restaurant has a long wait. In the unlikely event that I do return, I'll be sure to avoid Perry's section, I suggest you do the same.
4 The people below me are all idiots. This bar was awesome when I was living in Madison. Maybe it sucks because I left town.  This bar added a much needed sexy martini bar to the Madison scene. You could dress up, (rare in Madison) grab a martini upstairs and dance hip hop in the basement with a live DJ.  Martini lounge + Hip Hop= sexy good time.  Some of the best and worse moments of my life have happened here.  Poem time....  Coat, tie, and loafers That girl is simply stunning. Gin Martini. Neat.  Talent Level ? Redunk.
3 I have a love-hate relationship with Madison's.  Happy Memories: -The food. -A happy hour featuring cheap Absolut mixed drinks. -One or two fun nights involving the dance floor. -An excellent New Years Eve celebration.  Hate Memories: -The ridiculously expensive drinks. -The slow service. -The people who go there.  Uggggghh...  Ask me about the guy (that's right, guy) who tried to initiate a physical fight with me!
4 My four stars are for the bar, as I've never eaten there (except free apps at a happy hour event). I appreciate this bar because it's not all undergrads, they have quite a good variety of cocktails, and even have some enthusiastic dancers, although I'm usually not one of those. They also have decent TV's so I can keep an eye on any sports games, but don't have to sacrifice a Saturday night to do so. I've always gotten good service at the bar, but I do usually come with regulars. It's sorta dressy, for ladies at least nice jeans and heels, for guys a collared shirt. The downstairs dance floor is a little cramped, but I think very well-received. The DJ is a really nice guy, but could use a little more indie rock/underground hip hop and a little less top 40 pop to suit me. And the ladies' bathrooms need a little TLC, now that they get such increased use with all the dancing downstairs.
5 My husband and I visited Madison for our spring break this year. We stumbled upon Madison's on a Tuesday night, as it was chilly and this place was close to our hotel. Although it's a spacious place, it was pretty much empty. We had FABULOUS service from George. He was friendly and attentive, and even gave my husband some local bike shop tips. I had a really great burger and the drinks were strong, but inexpensive.  I obviously am no testament to what this place is like on an evening weekends, but for a laid back, middle-of-the-week dinner and drink, it was perfect.
3 I don't know anything about the food, but I do know that Thursday night dueling pianos is a blast- the two guys play the same songs every week, but when you're out with good friends you can sign Piano Man every week at the top of your lungs and have a great time.    Plus, happy hour is certainly worth it- it's hardly ever busy (plus it's such a big place), so there's always somewhere to sit, along with $2 taps and rails- 4-7pm, Monday thru Friday= quite the deal!
3 Good fun time.  Good service and good drinks.  My only problem is that they did not let me in with my Badger hockey jersey.  So i went next door to the great dane and bought a great dane shirt and got let in.  Go figure...
4 cool and open.  Little pricey but they give you good stuff in the ambience.  Wish you didn't have to pay to go downstairs.
4 My boyfriend and I are not from Madison, there for a concert. We were there on Friday night for a late dinner and drinks. I liked the setting with the big screen tv's, bar, booths, lounge area near the dinning area. Service was prompt and staff was friendly.   I had the streak salad which was a large portion and really good!  He had the all you can eat fish fry and he was happy with his food.. Good import beer selection as well.
2 Madison's was better than I expected it to be, but there were some serious issues that make it an avoid. We ordered a Spinach Artichoke dip that was pretty decent, came with some veggies and maybe 5 small slices of sourdough. We finished all that, had about half of our dip left and asked for more bread. They said it was a $2 charge for more bread. Then the bud girls came over and started trying to give us whistles.  While we were eating. It is fine if you are sitting at the bar to bother your customers, but when you are eating some of the most expensive bread in the country, it is nice to be able to enjoy it in peace.
3 I went here for an event held by Goose Island during the Great Taste weekend. Free beers for a couple hours. Needless to say it was extremely crowded. The interior set up seemed silly, intentionally wasting space. The music was loud and annoying. Overall, I was not impressed.
5 Upscale interior, good music, great service, and $2 happy hour after work. Need I say more?
2 It's partly my own fault. I saw "Prosciutto Panino" on the  menu and somehow twisted that into "Portabello" in my head.  My judgement was also clouded by hunger as I desperately declared this spot "totally fine!" and we ventured inside for dinner.   Once we sat down and I remembered how to read, I realized there was not one vegetarian entree on the menu.  Mildly surprised, I turned to the sandwich section, confident I'd find something there... nope, not even a vegetable sandwich to be found.  SALADS!  Salads MUST be safe!  I skimmed the three options, finding chicken, steak, or shrimp on each one.  Things were looking grim.  My options were now narrowed down to several appetizers.  Cheese curds and hummus weren't striking my fancy for dinner so I asked our server if it was possible to substitute the meat on a sandwich for extra veggies instead?  She checked and said yes, so I ordered the Turkey Pesto sandwich, hold the turkey add the veggies.  What I got was basically the Turkey sandwich, less the turkey.  Making it a rather expensive bread/pesto/spinach/onion sandwich.    BOTTOM LINE:  I think it's safe to say I won't be returning somewhere where I don't even have one dinner option to choose from.  Besides that, the staff was fine (although a server who would recognize and advise the kitchen that a few pieces of spinach and bread does not a sandwich make would be appreciated...).
3 This place is aight, I didn't love it and I didn't hate it. The menu isn't terrible and the service is good. It's basically like an upscale sports bar I suppose.   I had the ahi tuna sandwich with seasonal veggies (green beans and red peppers...yum).
2 I used to love going to this place.  I would go every weekend when I had the time.  Lately though the crowd has definitely changed.  I do like how they switched the dance area from downstairs, where it always started to really smell bad.  My complaint is still with the layout though.  Thankfully the dance area isn't downstairs anymore so you don't have to have a log jam of people trying to go to the bathroom accessible by only 1 staircase mixed with all the people going into the dance area.  Now though the new dance area is right by the entrance so that also gets very crowded.  It can take awhile to get a drink at the bar and you are much better off being in the dance area and have an actual server get your drinks for you.  Not bad prices though when you do actually get a drink.
4 Madison's is the place to be when the DJ is good and the music is bumpin'.   I can't give Madison's a full 5 stars because the two times I've been there, I have had vastly different experiences. The crowd is always great, but I think the music really makes or breaks the experience. The first time I was there, the music was sorely outdated and made for awkward dancing. Last night was a completely different story - the top 40 playlist made for great fist-pumping dance moves on the floor. It was great.  Drinks are reasonably priced, seating is abundant, and best of all, the women's bathroom is large enough to accommodate large mobs of females trying to share the same sink/toilet/mirror space at the same time.
4 So you've just had a long week of work, and you want to do nothing but relax. However, you end up going out anyways, because you know your friends won't let you live it down for staying in on a Friday night.   You might start the night off at Chasers, finishing a pitcher... or 4, then head over to Wando's for some fishbowls. Now at this point, all you want is to do some headbanging and dance your ass off.   You decide to go to Madison's, and head immediately to the bar. You get a rum & coke, and fork over a few dollars for tip. Despite being already tipsy at this point, you can still taste too much of the alcohol, which means that the past few dollars were definitely well spent. After downing the drink, you put your game face on and brave the dance floor. They play some top 40 stuff, and you're thinking to yourself, I could make this work. Then, out of nowhere, Gangnam Style starts playing, and before you know it, you're making a complete fool out of yourself at the center of the dance floor. Next thing you know, you wake up in your bed, thankfully entirely clothed. With nothing but Facebook pictures to rely on, you start to piece together the night before.  Now if that doesn't sound like an awesome night, then I don't know what people do for fun these days.
4 Great place to grab a drink! Definitely plan to come back and try the food.  Fun atmosphere (busy), great & attentive bartenders. They have several types of liquor that they make in-house----try the Strawberry & Rhubarb Vodka! Yum!
3 Go there to grab a drink but skip the food, much better choices to feed yourself in the area. I you think of Madison's as a bar you'll be fine: friendly staff, good choices of beer on tap, plenty of TVs to watch local sports.
3 Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere at Madison's is 5 stars.  I've been here twice - once to watch a football game, the other for drinks and dinner. The crowd appears to be mostly young professional, the bar offers plenty of options, and the decor and TVs combine to create a sophisticated sports bar.   But the food is 2 stars, with some dishes flirting with 3.   Their featured tot dishes are fine. I decided to try the poutine, in this case made with tots rather than the traditional fries. It became apparent to me quite quickly that I don't like cold, non-fried cheese curds. Be advised, Madison's cheese curd appetizer comes with half fried curds and half non-fried. I also believe they use mozzarella, which just doesn't stack up to the cheddar curds.   On the next visit, my party tried the fish tacos, the Friday night special fish, the Mac and Cheese, and the pesto-something sandwich. Eh.  The one thing that was awesome: the sweet potato tots.  Bottom line: visit this swanky sports bar for some sweet potato tots, a Wisconsin beer, and a good view of the game. Do not come expecting a food orgasm. You will leave unsatisfied.
3 I thought this was a place to semi-club and drink, but the food isn't necessarily bad either.  By food, I actually mean just their tater tot appetizers. I decided to eat here once and ordered their sweet tots and the smoked gouda burger. The burger was okay, but I devoured the sweet tots. I ended up not finishing the burger and instead ordered both the poutine tots and the truffle tots.   I'm sure most people go to Madison's for drinks and dancing, rather than the food. But if you're hungry and want to drink, at least you can coat your stomach lines with the tater tots beforehand to maximize your experience.
4 I dropped by Madison's for a late dinner before going out this past week.  The restaurant was split into two sections - one with a traditional bar feel (much louder and starting to get busier as the evening progressed) and the other with more of a traditional restaurant feel to it.  I choose to sit on the quieter, restaurant half.  The service was good - attentive and friendly.  They had a good beer selection including my favorite - Bells, so no complaints on that front.  For dinner I ordered the turkey pesto sandwich and my friend got the mac and cheese.  We both ordered sweet potato tots.  The food was better than expected given some of the prior reviews I had read and the tots were excellent.  I love pesto and melted goat cheese added the perfect touch.  The mac and cheese - made with local Hook's cheese -  was also very good.
4 This is a great bar to go to if you don't want to be overrun by college kids. Went here for a surprise bachelor party with 15 people and they did an excellent job catering to us; especially with last minute notice. The food is actually pretty good considering it's a bar. At night it seems like the place to be for young professionals. Like to dance? They have a seperate room in the basement for people who like that sort of thing.
4 The only reason Madison's didn't get five stars right now is because we only had the cheese platter and some sweet potato tots to go with our bottle of Conundrum. DELISH! And the service was very good. Waitress forgot to put in our order of tots and brought it within minutes but didn't charge us.
3 Madison's has an awfully ideal location - right by the Capitol.  The atmosphere of the restaurant itself was pretty nice too: cool combo of a bar and a restaurant.  HUGE tvs for sports-lovers in both the bar area and the dining area.  Okay, so weird comment, I know, but the seat cushion for the booth we sat in was SUPER comfy! I swear it was like tempurpedic or something.  Anywhoo...I ordered the tequila-chili chicken with garlicky/lemony green beans and some pita on the side, and that was quite yummy.  Now the mac and cheese was fabulous - penne with bacon and a nice combo of cheeses = deliciousness.  Pretty decent spot to grab some grub or watch a game, I'd say.
3 This place is a little snazzier than some of the other gin joints in the area, and they specialized in cocktails and infused drinks.  The beer drinkers in the group weren't as happy as the cocktalians, but the service was good, the prices were right and I was pretty happy with drinks.  I could have lived without the big screen TVs, but I guess that's not going to happen in a college town.
4 We went here to watch the NBA finals. We heard it was really the only place that played the volume for the game. It was perfect. 10 tvs and you could hear the game. When we first walked in on Thursday at 7:30 pm there were only two other people but the place slowly got packed! When we left at 10 every seat was taken.  Being from out of town we loved that almost every beer on tap is local. My husband loves the wings although I do think the appetizers are a bit pricy as they are the same price as the meals. They did have an awesome special for $2 pork sliders and the tator tots are the way to go at $4.50. The habenero hot tots holy mother! They are awesome and hot hot hot. Ordering the truffle tots with it made for a great balance. This is a great spot and really nice inside. 5 stars for the best place in Madison to watch a game!
4 One of the best non-college sports bars in Madison. I like this place quite a bit as it has a great atmosphere, great food, moderately priced drinks and fantastic DJ on Saturday nights. I came here to watch the Stanley Cup playoffs and had a blast with a party of 12 of which they were extremely accommodating. Definitely come here when you are feeling a little more mature than the typcial Madison college bar.  A little later in the evening the crowd gets a little more upscale, well at least for Madison, and then the entertainment really kicks up.
5 A few friends and I stopped in for some after dinner drinks. We are all out-of-towners. I thought this bar was so cute! Reminded me of "Ball & Biscuit" in Indy. Kinda rustic/modern decor. I was in love with the strawberry/rhubarb infused vodka. I tried one of their speciality drinks with it, which was good, then tried just the vodka and sprite. Amazing. So good. They have several infused vodkas that they make themselves(I think).  We also had the cheese curds appetizer (someone in our group hadn't had them yet, and it was our last night in town). They were delicious! Light, cheese was melty. MMMMmmmm. There are tvs, which give it kinda a sportsbar type feel. I would definitely go back.
3 Fantastic happy hour specials, their house wine is delicious! The food has been excellent both times I have eaten here.  Edit, Went back recently, and thought the food was NOT as good. Bland macaroni and cheese and my favorite cobb-type salad had a weird lemon-y taste to it. Still love those fried chickpeas though.
4 Because I travel a lot for business I am always looking for spots with great food AND good bar seating. This is surprisingly hard to find.   I was pleasantly surprised with the salmon at Madison's. I got it with nothing on it and it was actually delicious. The broccoli was okay but a little too garlicky for my liking.   My service was great. Not being from Wisconsin I figured I would try out a local beer. I tried Spotty Cow (that might be wrong!) and loved it.   The atmosphere was pretty chill for a Thursday night which is exactly what I needed after a long week.  I would definitely return on another trip to Madison for the salmon.
3 Never eaten here, but I hit up Madison's one Saturday night when some friends and I were feeling dance-y. The music and dance floor atmosphere definitely did not disappoint - great music with a good, continuous flow; minimal creepers. I was really loving this place until I ordered a margarita and received a super-sour (like, unpleasantly sour) concoction that cost about $8. :( If not for that drink, I'd happily raise this to 4 stars. Better luck next time, I'm hoping.
3 So it is a cool place but was not very busy on a Saturday night - so we were nervous and only had drinks and appetizers.  The cheese curds were average but the cheese plate was good with nice nut pairings.  Service was on the slow side. The drinks were good I had the afternoon delight and a strawberry drink.  I would say we might go back agin but not sure.  I think this is more of a bar than a restaurant  for the college kids.  TVs where nice in the bar area.
3 We came here with friends and our total of 5 kids under the age of 5.  The wait for the Great Dane pub was 45 minutes so we came over to Madisons.  It was pretty much empty at 6:30 and at first, they didn't seem to happy to being serving 5 kids but our waitress didn't seem to mind.  The food was good.  The Mac and Cheese is good and the brisket sliders were very good.  We also had the chipotle chicken which was quite good too.  The prices were a bit high but we were overall pleased with the service and quality of food.  Would recommend!
3 Terrible service.  Decent appetizers.  Main courses were mediocre.
1 First of all, I personally know from experience in this restaurant that they DO NOT use gloves when they expedite their food. Meaning I have personally seen servers go smoke a cigarette, come back in, and handle customers food WITHOUT washing their hands. NASTY. Sure, their food seems of good quality but you would have better luck at McDonalds. The only thing worth while at this place is the interesting and pretty drinks they make. Other than that the only time I have seen them wear gloves is when the Food Inspector came and they were all in a panic. Also their food is so over priced, that artichoke dip is poor quality crap at high price. That is all I need to say, they are unsanitary. The people at this institution are superficial as well. I have nothing good to say and they deceive many.
4 My girlfriends and I always come here when we're in the mood for a dance-y night. This is our favorite place to go in terms of vibe. You can either sit at the high-tops and hang out on one side of the place, near the bar, or you can head over to the small dance area on the other side if you're up for it. We've been here a few times, and I've experienced both sides. Ultimately, I'd say this is a great place to end the night. The vibe on the sitting side is very nice and cozy, I love the lighting and the feel of being at a high-top. The dance floor is fun, too, in terms of music choice and space. It's never too crowded, so you can always return to your table if you're not feeling it. I took off a star because drinks are a bit pricy and they also don't have a coat check, which is a bummer.  I hate having to leave my parka on the chair but sometimes it's just what you got to do. I would recommend this place for a girls night out, most definitely!   Will be back for happy hour sometime!
4 My hubby and I both had the Smoke Burger last weekend and... holy smoky delicious burger!!! It seriously rivals any burger I've ever had and possibly, any smoky BBQ I've had!!! These taste buds don't lie, nor would a super foodie like myself steer you wrong...you like smoky food?...you like burgers? Then you don't want to miss out on this taste explosion...it just wouldn't be fair to you :) I've been to Madison's a number of times and I've always had fantastic service...the servers have been so friendly and attentive...it's a fun atmosphere, with great service and great food! Worth the trip.
2 I haven't been here too many times, but neither of my experiences at Madison's have been too great. I'm just going to throw in my hat and give a quick rundown of my thoughts:  - I've gone here for just food and drinks once. I remember the food being a little bit more expensive than I was expecting (like $2-3 more), and definitely not as good as other places that are within a block of there, such as The Great Dane, or the Tipsy Cow, or Natt Spil. It was too long ago for me to remember what I ordered, but I don't remember the menu being too adventurous. - The drink selection is just ok. It's a decent selection of taps, but the cans and specials favor domestics a bit too much for it to be an appealing place to go to for some. The cocktails are overpriced, considering that you can get a much better tasting one with much higher quality ingredients for less at nearby places (i.e Heritage). They're not bad though, and if you have the money to spend, they'll get you the buzz you want. - The environment is an awkward crossover between a nightclub and sports bar, which I guess works for them since there's a good overlap between those two crowds. It's definitely something to be aware of though if you're thinking of heading there. There's a section only for dancing, and on the weekends it gets bumping with a lot of top 40 jams. I'm personally not a fan of the crowd there or the music, but i'll give it credit for having a large space at least.  So overall, i'm not a fan of Madison's, but they probably don't care that i'm not a fan. They aren't aiming for my demographic, and are instead aiming for people with more liberal budgets who enjoy "nightlife" but also don't really want to venture out to real nightlife scenes.
4 Haven't been here in a while, but they have upped the ante.  Great drink menu, creative food options.  Good for big groups.  Service was good.
3 I have not quite figured this place out. I have nothing against it just seems the crowd can be quite diverse. It never seems to have the same vibe the few times I have gone there. The have about 12 beers on tap and decent drinks. I found out the hard way when I ordered a bottled sour red ale. (Kind of my new spring craze and flying hound in Fitchburg has a great one on tap) sorry about the sidetrack. It turns out the bottle cost 12 bucks for a twelve oz. would have been nice to know when I ordered it off the board because it was ok not great.  The bartenders were very friendly and nice. There were two guys at 7:30 in their mid 40's ass wasted and another guy sleeping/passes out at the other. Maybe two friendly by not asking them to leave.
4 A girlfriend and I came here for dinner after already having a few drinks on a Friday night (Happy Hour can get ya, right?). Anyway, I was craving a fish fry and after stopping to see that the fish fry at Merchant was outrageously expensive ($16) we stopped by Madison's to check out the prices. And we were happily surprised! The fish fry at Madison's is only about $8 for two large pieces, and a couple dollars more for all you can eat. What a steal!   I ordered the fish fry of course and a Blackberry Pear Crispin. The food was so yummy! The breading was thin enough so you could still taste the fish, and it was not greasy at all. Only complaint was that the breading tended to fall off of the fish, not as bad as some other places I've had it but still a nuisance. I didn't care for the coleslaw, I'm a big fan of really vinegar-y coleslaws and this one was a little too creamy for my taste. As a side, I ordered the sweet potato tater tots and they were very good. Maybe a little on the cold side but still tasty.   My friend ordered the ahi tuna salad, which I've had before and really enjoyed it. The ahi tuna steak was cooked perfectly.   Service was also great and fast! Can't wait to come back!
1 I don't want to waste my time on an extensive review of this shithole, so I'll just give a few "highlights" of my evening I wasted there: 1. Bartender was a rude biddy, talking down to my husband because he made a mistake about their Craft Beer Week specials.  2. Sat at a table at the bar and was not approached by any of the seemingly wandering waitstaff, so only had one beer when we would have ordered more. 3. Father in law was wearing a hat like Curious George's keeper would wear, read, a fedora. An employee of the bar came to our table (at 10:05 pm) and told him that they have a dress code, so he would need to take it off. A., he's in his fifties, B., I don't recall ever hearing of a gang that uses fedoras as their identifier and C., give me a freaking break. It's MADISON WISCONSIN.  4. Now for the best part of the evening: I attempted to leave through the back door that I had seen scores of people leaving through for the past hour we were in the bar. I was accosted by their bouncer, who was a roid-raging, shaved head asshole. Literally accosted- he grabbed me by my arm and tried to bodily yank me back through the door. I pulled away from him, and he then turned his blind rage on my husband, who had followed me not realizing what was happening. He grabbed my husband then, as I had made it outside to safety, twisted his arm behind him, threw him up against a wall, and started screaming in his face. He then threw my husband to the side to physically bar my, again, 50-something in-laws from leaving. I came back inside to call him on his roid rage, which he didn't like, because he had to be held back by his managers from coming after me to... not verbally assault me, surely, because he seemed to have the intellect of Kris Humphries, so I can only assume he was going to grab me again.  We tried to talk sense into the staff. It was like talking to a brick wall, so after a few choice words on my part, we left.  This place sucks. Avoid it. Hope they fired that dickhead bouncer.
4 Love this place!  Either if it's for drinks or dinner or both it's great. Love the staff as they are always friendly and fun to talk to. Always have had great service there. And great happy hour specials!  I have had the cheese plate which was good but you can never go wrong with there tater tots. I have tried the truffle tots and the beer cheese. I loved them both but the truffle tots are my favorite. Also for entrees I have had the fish tacos, Mac & cheese, and the hanger steak. My favorite is the steak. The sauce over the top is delicious. Also great crowd.
2 Came here for food and to watch a world cup game. The TV's are great for games, and the service from the bar was good. The food, however, was another story. The chicken thigh sandwich was fine, nothing remarkable, but the ahi tuna salad was disgusting. The food is pretty expensive, so if you want to pinch some pennies and still experience the ahi salad, I'd suggest just cramming a fistful of salt in your mouth. It should taste about the same and you'll save about $12.
3 Pretty chill spot. Outdoor patio seating had people. Fourth of July so it wasn't busy. Sat inside and enjoyed the Mac and cheese. No complaints about the food but I wasn't wowed. The service was fine.
