5 Great service!  The technician was very patience with me and my baby.  Would recommend!
2 Me & my husband are first time parents and went to get our gender check here the first experience was great they were so nice the ultrasound tech was very sweet! Now the second time we went I was in my 2nd almost 3rd trimester the experience was not so good we were running bout ten minutes late which was our fault completly, they were so rude on the phone and acted like they were slammed! We pulled up to them sitting on the  no one else was in there!! walked in and the ultrasound tech rolled her eyes was beyond rude rushed us in and rushed us out didn't even make conversation was completly cold. I recommeded this place the first time around but would never recommend again! Guess it depends on who you get?
5 The hubby and I decided we couldn't wait 8 more weeks to find out the sex of our baby, so we started searching for elective imaging studios. I had it narrowed down to two, but decided on Miracle In Progress because it was closer to my house and the prices seemed better. I set my appointment up for 16 weeks (a week after they state they can determine gender). I really liked the fact that the studio guarantees their work and makes amends if they get it wrong, as well as bringing you back in for a free scan if they can't determine the gender from 16 weeks and on. Thankfully, it looks like we don't have to take advantage of this guarantee.   My husband and I arrived a few minutes early for our appointment to fill out the necessary paperwork. Within minutes of turning the paperwork over, choosing the music for our DVD, and paying we were taken back to the room. The viewing room is huge! There are 3 large couches, a very comfy bed for mom, and a giant projection screen! It was so nice to be comfortable and not have to crane my neck to see the baby. The technician got started and within seconds our baby was on screen. She got some cute shots of the baby moving around, yawning, and stretching. We opted for the sneak peek of the baby in 3D and I am so glad we did! It was amazing! After a few minutes of just enjoying the view, the tech set out to find out what we are having. It took a few as baby was being a bit uncooperative, but he finally uncrossed his legs and there was no doubt we are having a boy!   The session lasted just over 15 minutes and was the best time and money I've spent so far this pregnancy! It was definitely worth every cent I paid to not only know what we can expect come Winter, but also to have 7 printouts, 27 pics on CD, and the whole session set to music on DVD.   I 100% recommend coming to Miracle In Progress! In fact, I am planning on returning later on in the pregnancy for the 3D/4D package!
5 When my little brother told me they where expecting I was thrilled for him, but I was even more honored to be invited for the sonogram.  When I arrived it looks like a small space, just the lounge, the receptionist area and the sonogram room.  As the time came near to her scheduled appointment, her & my family started rolling in ( 15 deep at least) and I thought how are we going to do this?  When she was called we where walked into a room with at least 6 full length couches and of course the station for the soon to be mother. It was literally a screening of my nephew on the big screen.  They showed different images of the baby in 3D & 4D and it was a beautiful moment, you get to hear the heartbeat see the baby moving, you can almost start to see who the baby will look like but I was still in shock that I was on a couch looking at a huge wall screen sonogram of my nephew and was recording with my cellphone and taking pictures galore.  This is something I strongly urge you to share with your entire family.
1 I went last year with my step-mom and the service was WONDERFUL! They were all so friendly and helped with whatever she needed. This year, I am now the one pregnant. My appointment was today. I was 4 minutes late for because their website wasn't very clear on what time my appointment was, and I get there to see a Lunch note on the door saying they'll be back at 2:30. I come back about 5-10 minutes before seeing if I can get my 5 minute ultrasound still. The lady was rude, bitchy, and didn't try to help me whatsoever. All because I was 4 minutes late. The website says they do whatever it is to have a satisfied customer; well that is WRONG! She could've given me my 5 minute ultrasound instead of pissing off a pregnant woman for no reason. I've experienced SO much better from this place. I should've gotten the lady's name, but I was so furious with her, it didn't even cross my mind. But apparently, it sounds like another person that gave a review encountered her as well. I will be speaking to the person in charge when she comes back on Wednesday.
1 First visit went smoothly. Nice viewing room, comfortable and clean. When we left, their computer was broken so we couldn't get our cd. They agreed to mail it. It never came. Called after some hassle and then after a few weeks of waiting gave up and finally picked up. Guess the cd had come back to them or was lost??? Our gender scan cd had the wrong music on it. Not a huge deal but...the songs had meaning as we recently had a death in the family. It gets better... they got the gender wrong too. Lol was right before Christmas which sucked as people bought us stuff and had to return. This was supposed to be a gift for Thanksgiving dinner night for the whole family to watch which was completely ruined as we didn't get the disc until the next day. Shouldn't have taken weeks to get it. Not cool. They were nice once I was actually able to talk to someone. They didn't call back the first time and didn't respond to the email I sent. We agreed to come back in for a rescan. Rescan went ok. Had a 30 minute wait even though we had an appointment but at that point half my family was there and wasn't going to leave. We scheduled the second scan that was promised for the screw up. Showed up.... and office was closed... apparently they forgot? didn't care? Our appt was for feb 21st at 10:30... knocked no one there, called in vain BOTH locations hoping someone there could let us know what was going on. No answer. It was 10:20 when we arrived. We waited thinking maybe they made a mistake and then left. Sign on the door said closed until Feb 22nd....22nd not the 21st...  NO one answered their phones. Called both locations and even sent an e-mail.  No one ever seems to answer their phones. Especially cool because my husband and I had to take the morning off from work to be there. I get one even two minor mistakes but seriously wth? This business is really horribly run. Left yet another message asking to just get my money back. Paid cash so things aren't looking good.  Just got a call form a young girl asking why I wasn't there for my appointment... what? I told them we were there and they weren't. Girl said... oh oops I put the wrong date on the door. Come back now... 30 minutes after scheduled appt. No one was there at 10:30! My party has all parted ways and are headed back to work so that would be a no... This places sucks. They have completely ruined every attempt to make this a nice treat for our family. Told her I just wanted my money back and she point-blank said NO. They don't give refunds. Warn everyone that this place is a sham. Young inexperienced girls doing gender checks and terrible scheduling and management. Requested to speak to the manager but doubt they will call me. Frustrating waste of time and money. Was in tears by the end of it all. I just wanted to see the baby. So disappointed.
3 Was able to speak to Heather there and things worked out ok. I feel like a bit of a spazz. When she called me back I started balling on the phone. Must be the hormones. Was a really continually cruddy stressful experience but she fixed things as best she could. They gave us a refund and were nice enough to also give us a small baby basket too. They offered to do another scan but we are done. Was a lot of headache. Appreciate the effort though. If you ever have an issue be sure and speak to a manager. There is a little snitty girl at the Rainbow office that is not at all nice on the phones. Had I gotten the manager or pretty much anyone else when this all went down, things probably would have ended differently.  Would have been a cool experience if not for the several errors we had. Seems like everything that could go wrong definitely went wrong with us! Just bad luck I guess.
5 First of all, I would like to say that people should not rate low because their baby did not participate.  That has nothing to do with the facility you are rating!!!  This place is awesome!  Play area in the front for my toddler to keep occupied while we wait, nice ultrasound tech, and tons of couch space for family to join in the fun of seeing our beautiful baby on the big screen!  The 4D photo was dead on!  Once our baby arrived, everytime I put him to sleep, I stare at him and think of how much he looks like the ultrasound pic.  Great experience.  Recommend to all!
4 Just left this place (Sahara) and loved it. The space is clean and spacious. The waiting area has a lit playground for the lit ones (Awesome thought). the receptionist were cold, but not rude. I just think that someone working with people, specially expected mother should be a little bit more caring, friendly. The tech also were not friendly but did a good job showing all the baby's details. In the end, I would go back there, specially if I have a group of people with me, because they have a lot space for the entire family.
1 This experience was very underwhelming. The staff was courteous. The sonographer talked very softly I could barely hear her and she did not explain anything. And she just kept focusing on my baby's face (one view), Did not show us anything else. The sonogram at my doctor's office was way better. I've been invited to other people's 3d/4d sonograms and that was by far the most disappointing experience I've had.
1 My husband works night shifts and sometimes doesn't get to sleep until 0900. For this reason I booked the latest available appointment through their online appointment booking system. The appointment was 6:05 pm. I still have the email confirmation verifying this. Two days before my appointment someone from Miracle in Progress called me to verify my appointment for 5:05 pm. I told her I had booked it for 6:05 pm and she said that they close at 6 pm. (I later checked the site and it stated they close at 7pm on Tuesdays. I think someone was lying so they could get out of work early for the day). I really wanted to have the ultrasound done that day so I said 5:05 pm was fine, but I definitely wasn't happy with it. The day of my ultrasound I checked my email and had another confirmation email for my appointment, this time the time stated 5:15 pm! They changed my appointment time TWICE without consulting me to make sure that those times worked for me. So unprofessional! I was an RN in a doctor's office and we never pulled crap like this. Thankfully a different ultrasound place (Baby's First Image) was able to give me an appointment for 5:45 pm that same evening, so I was able to cancel with this horrible place. If they were this inconsiderate and unprofessional before I even made it to my first appointment, I shudder to think what terrible service I would have received.
1 20 of our closest family and friends gathered at the Sahara location where went to the Sahara location where we were looking forward to a very special and memorable experience. What a disaster! Although the atmosphere was comfortable the actual experience award non existent. We understood the baby my be sleeping so we were asked to have the Mom to be to be brought chocolate, cold OJ etc to help the baby stay awake for the ultrasound, however there's a sign on the front door forbidding anything from being brought into the facility other than water? The appointment was at 5:10pm and this is what we advised all our family and friends however at 5pm the tech brought my son and daughter in law in the back room to began the session!!! I arrived at 5:05 and the rest of the family at 5:10 by then out 15 min session was pretty much over!! The baby did not move once!! And this faculty offers no assistance or remedy to having the baby move. There is an instrument that was used on me at the hospital were I had my son used specifically to wake the baby, however this faculty did not have one. Also, if knowing that certain foods and drinks encourage the baby's movement...why in earth are the not offered in the faculty complimentary...or even for sale....or even able tone brought in!? This is there whole business! It is centered around the 3d 4d experience, although we mostly saw the baby in the standard black and white footage being unresponsive. You world think this place would invest in dime useful equipment or refreshment...preferably both! It would only add the the experience. After all this, we we asked to reschedule for another session. Yea right!! We had guests coming from all over the city for this event, some traveled 45 mins each way. We would not get this type of tiny out again for such a waste of time, money and gas!!! Do yourself a favor and don't book here!!!
2 This place is nice and comfy inside but let me tell you about  their service. Front desk lady is cold and ultrasound tech doesn't seem to like her job. For being an ultrasound place this was an awkward experience. You would think they would be just as excited as you are...NOT!! Won't be going back ever and will tell my girlfriends to try elsewhere.
1 I swear it's hit or miss with this damn place. Last pregnancy this place was the bomb.com this time they are so unprofessional with their services and way of doing business. Disappointed!!
5 I came here for my cousin's 3D ultrasound. The experience we had here was absolutely beautiful and special.   Each appointment takes place in a large private room with a bunch of comfy couches so you can have a lot of people share in on the experience. The technician talked us through the entire ultrasound adding cute comments here and there about how cute my nephew looked. She was really sweet. They also had serene music playing, which definitely added to the ambiance and made everything feel that much more special.  After the appointment was over, the technician gave my cousin a disk with a bunch of pictures and a few video recordings of our session.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a lovely place to purchase 3D ultrasounds!
5 I just got a gender check done here, today!  This place is great! Shannon and Britney were such nice and pleasant ladies.   I won't lie, I was worried due to the reviews and I'm not sure why there are such bad reviews in the past but my experience here was a great one and I will recommend this place and location to my friends.   Britney the ultrasound technician was nice and very friendly during the entire process. You even get a goody bag at the end.   The place was clean and the ultrasound room is huge and dark. It has several large leather couches and a huge projection screen so you can see the baby perfectly during the whole process.   Great place.
5 This place is such an awesome place & I had a great experience!! I found out my gender today! Shannon & Brittney were so nice & I would recommend this place to anyone:)  Brittney the ultrasound tech. made me feel so comfortable.. Place was very clean & they take you in a huge room & you get to see the whole ultrasound on a big screen as she's doing it. What a great experience thanx Shannon & Brittney
5 I received a 3d and 4d ultrasound on Thursday . Myself and my fiancé were running an hour behind due to being from out of town and taking Las Vegas public transportation . At first I called and the receptionist told me that they couldn't squeeze me in for my appointment because I was late, I was so upset . My fiancé called back and I have no clue what he told them but they said they would squeeze us in!!  They have a very professional and friendly staff . The office was clean and the restroom was immaculate. We bought a half off deal from yelp and had a discounted ultrasound price. The reviews had me worried but we were on vacation and our schedules so hectic that this was the only time we had and the closest location to the Las Vegas strip. I am so grateful to miracle in progress for squeezing us into a hectic day and treating us with dignity and respect. Most importantly we got to see our beautiful baby and I couldn't be happier! It's worth the trip go and see your bundle of joy!!!!!
5 We just did our ultra sound, although my wife is the one who really wanted to do this, I felt I should review.  This place is great! The staff is so nice and did an excellent job getting good pictures of our son.  The couches are so comfortable too!!! Check this place out FOR SURE!!!!
5 This place is awesome!!! What a wonderful experience. My husband and I came here for our gender check and we were very pleased with the whole experience. When we checked in, the girl in the front was so nice and friendly. We were then taken into this very large room with at least 4, maybe 6 comfy couches. The big screen was huge!!! It was like a theatre room in there. The normal "table" that you lay on at the doctors office was more like a bed. It was not uncomfortable at all. The ultrasound tech was so pleasant and patient. The baby would not cooperate at all and she really took her time to make sure she was sure about the gender and that we got some 4D/HD pictures as well. We are definitely coming back here for our 4D US later on in the pregnancy so we can see more of the baby's features. I just wish I saw the yelp check in deal prior to going. But, overall, it was totally worth the $75!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh, we came home and watched the DVD and it was amazing! It had the music playing in the background that was the same soft music that was playing in the room.
4 I really love this place and I love Britney and the front desk  girl Shannon !  They are a great duo and they can make anyone feel at ease. Britney was our tech at a diff 3d/4d place with our last baby so we were so excited to find her again when we went to see our newest addition earlier  in my pregnancy this year! Had a little issue with a different front desk girl Edith but Heather (the owner ) cleared everything up in a very sweet and professional manner :) ... Both locations are very nice , clean , and welcoming ! I love the one on Grand Canyon since it is 2 min from my house and I love going to see my lil peanut once or twice a week .. Which I plan on continuing til the very end of my pregnancy :)
5 Was finally able to speak with Heather (owner ) about everything that happened . She is a sweetheart and I feel soo much better . I can't wait to go to my appt later today and this place is back to 5 stars in my book :) ... Can't wait to see Britney and Shannon !
