5 I love coming here, it always makes me feel like im back at home.  Great people and most of all Great Barbers!!  Keep up the good work!!! A+++++++
5 I had a living social coupon for this place and decided to capitalize today.  I called in and made an appointment. It wasn't busy at all when i went in (Tuesday Afternoon). I got the "Real Deal" package, they definitely knew what they were doing. My barber was very very thurough for my WHOLE haircut, and the shaving and shampoo afterwards.   It was definitely what you expect a barber shop to look like. The atmosphere and the barbers were welcoming and they actually talked to you and asked you about yourself.   I don't know what is considered a normal price at barber shops and what isn't, but this place seemed to be higher up than other barber shops i have visited prior. (From my time in seattle and tucson).  Overall though they seem to be the best barber shop i have been to ever, so the price is deserved from the service.
5 Great haircut for my boyfriend. Very precise and he looks like a stud! Lots of TVs and beers and fun guys to talk to.
5 I LOVE this place, GOOD BARBERS!! great people. It's like FAMILY here, they defiantly know what there doing. I was trying to find a barber for a min and I could find no one to cut my hair the way I wanted it. Then I went here and they could cut hair like I like it. They use straight edge razors to. And it looks clean. If like haircuts and like clean and good ones come here. Prices are economical and non expensive there products are great to. They TAKE CARE OF THERE CLIENTS!!! This place is EXCELLENT!!! I've made this place MY BARBER SHOP!!!! This is my him and shop now!!!  $
5 The guys at this shop were great! Super friendly , sports playing on the TV's. They had everything set up the way  you would expect a real mans barber shop to be. I would highly recommend them. I left with an awesome cut and a new place to go when I'm in Scottsdale and need a trim.
5 All good things to say here!  Looking for a haircut and a beard trim while visiting family in Scottsdale, so I gave them a shot. Happy I did.   Didn't have an appointment but the wait wasn't long and exactly estimated by Alex (the owner). Told him what I was looking for and he executed it perfectly. The beer was a nice touch as well!  My father got his haircut at the same time and that turned out great as well, so it doesn't matter whose chair your sitting in.   Next time travel plans bring me to the area, I'll be sure to be needing a trim when I arrive.
5 First, let me explain how I'll structure this review. There's two important pieces to a barber shop. The first is customer experience, the more soft intangible feeling you get in your experience. Then, there's technical competence. The actual job that the barber does for you for the service.   Customer Service Experience: These guys are so great. I was in town for some unfortunate circumstances and staying at the hospital very close to this location. I called them to ask about their services and Alex talked to me over the phone for several minutes without making me feel like he was in a rush to hangup. He could have been because he has clients to balance as well. He was a very genuine guy and actually made me feel comfortable and welcome to stop by...From the time I stepped into their shop, I felt that same welcoming. All of the barbers were really nice guys and fun to talk to...Great service.   Technical Expertise: These guys are spot on. They are efficient, but also very thorough. I have gotten hot shaves at other places and always left underwhelmed, nicked and overcharged. Bad combo. I got the best shave I've ever had and topped it off with a nice but manly facial. Very satisfied and if I lived here full time, I'd be back.  To the guys at Who's Next, thanks. My mom appreciated my smooth face and was really excited to see me. Can't thank you enough. ~Kurt
5 I've always wanted to find a good barbershop in my neighborhood so on a recommendation i was told about "whos next barbershop" the location is great being a mile from my house and the shop hours are good by being open 7 days a week to fit  my work schedule. Its been a long time since ive been to a barber shop and i was totally amazed with the experience,  the staff is GREAT, they listen to the clients needs and give you the perfect cut. For example, the barbers wont let you leave the chair until they feel you look like a million bucks, now that's dedication to the client.  The atmosphere is very classic New York style with pictures and sports memorabilia strung on the wall, you will always find a game on the tvs and lots of great conversation, it doesn't matter if you are a youth, young adult, professional or in your golden years, everyone is welcome and treated right
5 I have been going here for years,always a perfect  cut,love the straight razor,and the massage at the end! always feel like a new person when I walk out of there!! good job, awesome barbers!
5 I love this barber shop,great service very nice Arthur is my new barber always does an awesome job pays attention to detail he makes sure my haircut cut looks the best I drive all the way from Laveen because it's the best I will be coming back for many years to come
5 Was in town for the week and needed a good barber. Did a little research and found this place. Glad I did! Clean, good service, and a quality cut for a good price. Cody did a great job.
5 I have been getting my haircut at Who's Next for years now and have never been disappointed. Alex and his team really make you feel welcome and the service is top notch. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a full service, old fashioned barbershop.
5 Been getting my haircut here for about three years now and have never left disappointed. Usually schedule with Alex but if I can't get into his schedule, I'm always happy getting a cut with any one else who is open. Easy atmosphere, easy conversation. Exactly what you want out of your local barber shop.
5 Been going to Alex for 10+ years, he's the only person who cuts my hair.  Give him a chance, you won't be disappointed.
5 Great service products and haircuts! Convenient hours, open weekends. Definitely recommend!
5 This place is awesome, you walk in and are greeted like you just stepped into your buddy's house, they offer you a beer or a water and you relax and just BS with the guys in there until you're ready for your cut. Arthur did a solid job, I had to tell him very little and he knew exactly what I wanted and gave me one of the best cuts I've ever had! Plus they go the extra mile, straight razor neck shave, hot towel, massage, all the traditional barber shop stuff. I'll never go to another "chain" haircut place again.
5 Great place to come, hang out, and get a great hair cut. Alex always does you right and will take good care of you. Def come check it out!
5 Been here twice now and had two different barbers, Alex and Arthur (if memory serves me correct on the 2nd one).  I had been going to a different barber for about a year, but after waiting four hours to get seated, I had to go somewhere new.   I took a chance on Who's Next purely from Yelp, and I'm glad I did.  The haircuts have been consistent, which is HUGE for me.  Plus, no more four hour wait times, I've been able to walk-in, get a great haircut and leave in under an hour each time.  As you can guess, I'll be going back.
5 Great spot for a perfect cut. I just started coming here but I am always pleased when I leave! Quality classic cuts and a beer while you wait. How can you beat that? TVs at each spot and a big screen on the back wall to watch the games. This is my new barber without a doubt.
5 Who's next barbershop, not only are they professional but very curteous and definately know how to take care of their patrons. My son is very picky when it comes to his look (he's 13) Alex makes sure he leaves happy all the time. Great job !!! Highly recommended.
5 Great haircut by Cody today.  Prompt service, got right in the chair when I walked in.  Felt like a real east coast old school Barbershop.  Repeat
5 Great friendly place. I'm usually very picky about people cutting my hair. Went to this place on a recommendation of my brother in law and Yelp and I wasn't disappointed.  I recently relocated from NYC and this was the first and last barber shop I will experience here. I won't go anywhere else now. Cody (sp) was a very easy going guy. A good conversation a good cut and shave.  Treat yourself and get the executive package it was awesome!
1 I live in Tempe and I work in Paradise Valley. Tweaked my schedule to drive all the way to this barber shop because they do pretty good hair cuts. I guess the only thing they're bad at is opening the store on time. Three guys including myself were waiting by the door for the shop to open. 20 mins later and I ended up leaving.   Bad for business not to open according to the time printed on your building..
5 Used Yelp to guide me here. What can I say. One of the best haircuts in recent memory. Modest wait, but that tells me indirectly how good a place is when regulars start showing up. Very personable staff. I'll most definitely return.
