5 We bought six trees from Elgins. We also had them plant these trees. We also warned them that it is a VERY hard dig since they had to blast to get our pool in.   They came and they dug and dug and dug a bit more, they never complained or tried to charge us more for having to take much longer than they had anticipated.   All of the trees survived well and so did a lot of our other plantings with advice from them on how to take care of and remedy any current worries.  Very well priced, mannered and knowledgeable too
4 Our favorite nursery by far, sure you can go to Lowe's or HD, but do you REALLY get plant knowledge?  At Elgin  you do and they have quality plants too! We have had very good luck with their plants and guidance.
1 No inventory, no service. The trees looked weak and not cared for. The people their do not care if you need help or not they are just their to take your order. The nicest people were the ones that did not speak English but always at least tried to help by getting something. Not very happy with this place. Only went their looking for one tree that I was having a hard time finding and they did not hardly have any trees at all.
5 I only spent a little over two hundred dollars on two citrus trees, two trumpet vines, and some supplies. In exchange I have received information that is priceless in the form of telephone support, advice on what and what not to plant, and best of all incredibly healthy plants that survived the winter while I was away in the South Pacific despite no protective covering for the two worst weeks. Literally following the advice given has resulted in my Improved Meyer Lemon tree setting fruit after blossoming, and the same for my Arizona Sweet Orange tree also purchased from Elgin.   I wish to note that when I initially decided to plant citrus last fall the "Citrus Specialist" at a large valley nursery chain informed me that "I've had an Improved Meyer Lemon for four years and never gotten a single lemon off the tree."  Not only was the advice at Elgin better, but so were the trees being sold and for a better price to boot.  Had it not been for Elgin's superior knowledge and ethics, this neophyte to citrus and the Valley might have had a much more dismal experience.  I would not go anywhere else in AZ  for plants, period.
4 Out of the way for me, but I was curious.  The guys there were eager to help but left you alone enough that you can look around.  Not as wide of a selection as maybe some of the other nurseries but they had plenty of the things I came in for.  The pricing all seems to be about the same whether you go to summerwinds, home depot, elgin, moon valley....you may save a dollar or two on one item but something else will be a little higher.   I'd bet it all works out the same.
4 This place is very far away from me, but it's a great nursery. Their plants appear incredibly healthy, and the staff is knowledgeable and helpful. I actually learned a lot on my visit and they gave me tips for maintaining my existing fruit trees.  On another note, I was a little bothered by a Latino family saying rude things about me and my whiteness in Spanish when I walked in. That's not Elgin's fault, but it made me feel a little uncomfortable. Luckily I decided to ignore the racists. I'm glad I did, because this is now one of my favorite nurseries in the valley.
5 You know, I love this place. Some stuff is a little pricey, but for veggie transplants, flowers, etc. They are great and the service is awesome. You can tell these guys  are passionate about what they do. Also, I like the selection. I always see plants that are new to me here. It's worth the drive. Did I mention their large trees are quite reasonable as well and they have a nice selection of desert plants.
5 This is where I like to go to get my plants. Sure you can go to Home Depot or lowes and the plants might be a little cheaper. But here I can find very nice plants, that have been well taken care of. The staff is also very knowledgeable and will spend as much time as you need answering questions and giving you advice. That is what makes it my top choice. I can never find anyone to ask questions to at the big box stores and if I do, they really don't know much.  I also like the plant selection here. They have a great variety and plants I have never seen before.   Please check them out for your gardening needs. Support your local business!
5 Was very impressed with the customer service here.. I bought 4 trees for my house and almost spent 30% more at another place.
5 I bought 4" tomato and pepper plants for about 1/2 the price of the Bonney's sold at the big box stores and picked up the Topsey Turvey planters at Dollar Tree to plant them in  and WOW! did they take off,picking nice fruit every day. Also bought some Lantanas which are also doing well.Great quality and price and selection too.
