1 I usually go to the #1 Reflexology on Spring Mountain, and I was delighted to learn they had opened another location just around the corner from my home. Since the one on Spring Mountain has always been a favorite of mine despite the fact that it can be hit or miss sometimes, I decided to try the closer location on Flamingo this time. Big mistake. I walked in and discovered I was the only customer there, and the three Asian employees were off in a corner arguing loudly with eachother. I waited a while for them to aknowledge me as I knew they heard the bell chime when I walked in. Nothing. My patience ran out when the thought of spending an hour in that room with the strong smell of freshly microwaved Chinese food overwhelmed me. It was way too overpowering. So- I left after standing at the counter for a couple of minutes with no interaction with anybody. I don't have that high of expectations when I am in Chinatown- I know the weird Asianess comes with the territory like the arguing with eachother in Chinese during your foot massage and the answering of their cell phones... and I'm okay with that- but I was just too tired to deal with it this night. As I got in my car and they realized I had left they came out the door after me but it was too late. I would give them another chance if there isn't a stinky smell of food in there next time.
4 Went there today... very pleasant experience!   I'm a female, and it wasn't the least bit sketchy.  There are little individual rooms with soothing piped-in music.  My masseuse was very sweet and often asked how the pressure was.  And at only $19 for half an hour, it was a steal... (granted, maybe that's standard for Vegas, but I live in New York City...)
4 I ran into this place after having sushi next door. It was very nice and cozy inside, and i didn't have to wait to be seen. I got the 30 minute massage for 25 bucks, a bit pricey as the place I usually go to in LA is only 20 bucks for an hour. However, the massage was GREAT! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
5 If you are looking for an amazing hour long, full body massage for $35 then look no further!   I have been skeptical of all these Vegas "massage parlors" and wouldn't of came here with out extensive persuasion from my man. He raved about this place and I just brushed him off and assumed he liked it for the "extra" services.   Boy was I wrong!   They have private rooms with 2 or 3 chairs so it's perfect for a couples massage. First thing they soak your feet and tell you to get comfy. At least I thing that's what the girl says, they speak very little English. This is truly a full body massage that starts with a head, shoulder, neck. If you get past the first 15 minutes without falling asleep or sinking deep into massage therapy bliss then you need to loosen up :) Arms, Legs, and some much needed special attention on those achy feet for the next 30 minutes will leave you wishing it would never end. For the remaining 15 minutes the little Asians have you flip over and lay on your stomach for a full back massage. If you are a man you are likely getting walked on! I'm a wussy so I usually decline the deep tissue treatment but if you like it rough then speak up.   I have been here 5 times and each was exceptional service, complete professionalism, minimal wait, and pure satisfaction!  This place is not shady and won't proposition your man with happy endings. Well at least that's what the boyfriend tells me and he's been dozens of times.  Number 1 Foot Reflexology is located on Flamingo and Decatur and the sign with the name looks like an advertising banner. It took me a few times to figure out the name of this place since it's kind of unclear so just look for the banner!
3 Stopped in on a whim. Warm lighting, intimate rooms.  Upside: For $20, you get a foot, back, neck and shoulder massage. A great deal.   Downside: workers talk to each other during your session.  Overall: You get what you pay for. I'd be back.
3 Got the 1 hr reflexology for $20 deal. It's actually a 40 min foot/leg massage and 20 min body massage. They were both nice but I wasn't really wowed. I usually have that whole 'oh this is wonderful and why does it have to be over so soon....maybe another 30 minutes?' moment, but not so here. A friend recommended it to me and although it was nice and relaxing, It's just not worth the drive. There are probably hundreds between here and Henderson I could've gone to that we're just as good.
