4 I'm sure there are still those who go to Denny's for the down-home comfort. None of those people use Yelp.  For the rest of us, Denny's is where we go with our goofy friends late at night when we're feeling slap-happy. Denny's is kitschy fun, a parody of itself. But we still respect it in the morning, because it doesn't try to be ironic.   What elevates this particular location to transcendent heights of camp?   It's owned by a sex shop.  YES.  It's owned by Lions Den.   Knowing this, every meal at this Denny's will taste better. The juvenile jokes that are a staple of late-night diner runs will be even more tasteless. You will be unable to look at any of the servers or patrons without thinking: "Oh my god. Do they know? Should I tell them? Did she used to do porn?"  It's still the same Denny's as every other Denny's. But better, because you have a dirty mind.
5 I'm not the biggest Denny's fan. It's always been the place to go in the middle of the night after you drank too much and the food is "decent" because you are lacking a sense of logic. Today my boyfriend and I had the choice between Chili's, Denny's, or random fast food. I never liked Chili's all that much and fast food is always last on my list so we stopped in to this location for a late lunch.   We were seated in a booth next to a mother and her daughter, with an older gentleman further away. For some reason the man and teen started talking about a newspaper and this turned into them chit-chatting the entire time, which annoyed the mom so much she actually asked the girl to stop talking and eat her burger and cleared her throat several times when the daughter continued to yap. A very awkward albeit hilarious restaurant moment. The topics ranged from Lord of the Ring books, Twilight and the writer living somewhere in AZ, ghosts and dogs that bark at walls/ghosts, and a whole lot of other fairy crap. I'm only writing about this because it was literally all we heard for 80% of the time we spent there, and it was something you couldn't ignore because they were talking so loud. We would of asked to move to the other side of the restaurant but it seemed like there was only one waitress and everyone was grouped together to make it easier for her I'm guessing.   The only thing that distracted us from all the noise was the food when it came out. I had the lemon tilapia with veggies and coleslaw, my bf ordered pancakes and buffalo wraps (so random!) From the first bite I was alarmed, in such a good way. I've never had such wonderful food at Denny's! The fish was cooked perfectly and seasoned just right, the veggies were fresh, and the coleslaw was your average recipe but still done well. I had a bite of the pancakes and buffalo wrap both, pancakes A+ and the wrap was good, nothing spectacular. It came with tortilla chips and salsa that to our surprise were also very good considering where we were eating. The water was eh but not many restaurants serve water to my liking (except California Pizza Kitchen, yum) but our waitress was quick to keep them full. The manager came over once and apologized for interrupting, funny because it wasn't her causing all the commotion during the meal, and asked how everything tasted. We let her know how we felt and she gave me a pat on the back saying she was very happy we were enjoying it so much. I don't know what it is about sweet older ladies patting you on the back but it just feels so nice and takes you back in time to when you were a kid and had no worries or cares at all.   Enough of that cheese fest, the bill came out to $20 and I have a feeling it would have been double that at Chili's with half the satisfaction upon leaving.  Another perk is that outside the doors they have a redbox. We have only seen them at grocery stores or pharmacies and gas stations, to see one outside of Denny's was pretty nifty and we decided to rent a movie for tonight.
4 The only place in very northern Phoenix that's open at 10pm on a Sunday night when I don't feel like cooking.  Dropped in here with my boy... it was so empty... poor server looked so bored and didn't appear excited to know she had all night pretty much by herself because there aren't many bars around to fill this place at 2am.  Needless to say, the service was great... a little too attentive tho.  Brought out our dessert before I was even done with my onion rings... it's like "whoa... hold on... lemme finish this first."  Burger was pretty darn good though and of course, it's cheap.
3 Denny's vs The Good Egg  Denny's wins every time, hands down.  I've tried so many of both restaurants around the Phoenix metro that I can say this without hesitation.    We've eaten at this Denny's many times and recommend it to our friends. They are the best option for a culinary experience you'll remember however they can cook an awesome breakfast.    They still offer their $2 ~ 2 eggs, choice of meat and pancakes or toast daily for the early birds.  They will cook anything to order and they will make corrections if needed quickly.   You can't go wrong with this Denny's especially when trying decide where to eat breakfast in the area.
4 This Denny's is cleaner than a lot of other ones. There is a red box in front of it! Yay :) Its great for carefree highway lol
4 Not sure what makes this Denny's in Arizona better than any Denny's I've been to in California, but it is much better. As a rule, I avoid Denny's in California. Portions are always cheap and quality almost nonexistent. At this location in Phoenix, they always serve fair portions and the quality is good.   If you like Denny's, you'll really like this location. Typical menu.
3 Staff is always super friendly, and the food is the same quality you get at every Denny's. We like to come here when kids eat free every Tuesdays and Thursdays! Lol
