5 So, i have to say i am by far not new to the Audi Brand i love Audi but the problem has been dealing with the car dealers. I've had lots of bad experiences buying cars Audi Henderson gave me my first Great car buy Experience they treated me like a rock star, I had such a great time buying a car from them a few months later i bought my girl friend a Brand new audi the whole thing took 20 mins i took New Audi to her and made sure she loved it and took her Old Car back to the dealer ship. Done Deal. i Tell all my Friends that love German Engineering to go to Audi Henderson.
4 I was coming up to 25,000mile service on my car. I called them up & it was scheduled for one of my day offs. I had no hesitation in asking for the loaner car and they promised me to get me one when I'm dropping off my car.   Previously, they got a huge make over and they moved to a new location :) The building looked much bigger and nicer... And once again, I was very excited to see my dream car "R8" in the show room ;p It was early in the morning and I was the only customer in the service department.. The service consultant was very polite & he treated me really nice while I was there the whole time.. He told me that I will be expecting my car after lunch time or so and I had no problem at all.   Well, they returned my car at 5:30pm which was OK. to me since I had some errand to run and I was able to use their loaner car all afternoon. Whenever, I took my car for a routine service, I always expected it to receive professional care & attention. Even purchasing a car here in the past, they were not a bit Pushy ...very polite and explained all the procedure & options. All I can say their service standards did earn my patronage & I would come back for the service.   My thoughts---So rare in this town it is to find such a great dealership that provides excellent service to the customers.
5 So this was my first time visiting this particular Audi dealership and all I can say is "WOW!"  They have set the bar in automobile dealership customer service.  What I am afraid of is that my expectations will be higher with every other business that I visit.  I was greeted almost immediately when I pulled in and I was taken to the service dealers desk we we discussed the issues of my visit.  She then went to make sure parts were available and when they were not she had the routine stuff done and then scheduled me for another visit when the part she ordered arrives.  I was guaranteed a loaner vehicle on my next visit due to the length of the service required.  For this visit I stuck around, eceived a tour of the Lamborghini dealership next door and was taken upstairs into the waiting lounge that was quiet and clean.  I gotta tell ya, I was most impressed and I will not let anyone else touch me vehicle but the fine folks at Audi Henderson.
5 Audi Henderson is the place I will take my car to.  I special ordered my Q5 with them and was notified when it came in and when the car has any problems at all, they will take care of it.  I live in Summerlin area and my service advisor offered to take the car back to me after they are done.  How cool is that??
5 This was the best car buying experience of my life.  It was the way it should be-good people and no pressure.  The Q5 I bought sold itself. I love it!  Thanks Brian and Bob!
5 I love everyone at this dealership! I mean that 100%!! From the moment I brought my car in for service, they made me feel like I was part of their family. I was new to the area and they were so helpful in giving directions and making sure I was comfortable with them and the service team.   I had my keys to my car stolen and had to have my car completely re-keyed. I could not believe how much that Brett and his team did to make sure everything went smoothly! I had an awesome loaner car and it was ready when I drove in to drop my car off. Brett followed up with me daily on the progress and my car was CLEAN & ready when they told me it would be! Also, the price quoted was the price it was! No extra charges (that can happen with some dealerships). Dropping off the rental and picking up my car was fast and easy!! I loved the service from the service department so much, when it was time to lease a new Audi, I went to them.  TODAY I LEASED A NEW Audi A4 Quarto! I LOVE IT!! The Sales Manager, Brian Parvin is AMAZING! He really worked the numbers for me so that I was exactly where I wanted to be. He didn't try to oversell me and treated me like a valuable Audi customer and a human being. THIS IS IMPORTANT TO ME!! I worked in the auto industry for 7 years...I know good service and GREAT SERVICE & SALES!  The lease manager was so nice and she didn't try to sell me on tons of extra packages I did not need. She advised me of what I did need or should get and was a pleasure to work with!  I know my next Audi will be coming from here!! Seriously, the best Audi team in Vegas and probably the West Coast!!  I also have to say that the dealership itself is stunning, clean and not stuffy or like a traditional car dealership! It is relaxed and fun! Everyone is so nice and what is better than looking at Audi's all day?! :-)  They made turning in my previous Audi simple and easy and had my car clean, gassed up and ready to go in no-time.   If you are going to buy an Audi, or already own an Audi and looking to have a great service department service it, Audi Henderson is the dealership to go to!!
5 Best service team in LV, hands down!! Brett is AMAZING!!! Actually, I absolutely love the entire team!! Genuine people that take care of you and your car!!
5 Service at Audi Henderson is awesome. I have never felt so comfortable with anyone. Brett is an awesome guy and he is so helpful. I seriously would keep my Audi because of this guy and will continue to buy Audi just so I can take my car to him. LoL. Awesome guy.
1 First let me say the service is excellent now let me explain why I  gave one star.I bought a new 2012 Audi a3 tdi this year for 31k. Last week my wife and I went in for our 15k service and to look at a used a4 quattro wagon since our need for a all wheel drive is needed.This is were it gets interesting,when it came down to our trade in value they said our trade in was worth around 22k. We were surprised and angry anyway I said to my wife let's see what car max would give us.Car max offered us 26k even if we did not buy a car,  remember I bought the Audi at Henderson Audi what a ripp off .We ended up buying a Subaru at car max For 1k below kbb it's a shame because we really liked the service at Audi of Henderson p.s kbb trade in value was 25730 for my Audi.
5 I have been here twice since moving to the area.  Lisa Abbott in Service is so nice and really knowledgable and answered all my concerns and followed up.  Cedric in service is very nice and helped me a lot too! Pleasant experience from when they took my car in until it was washed and I left.  Highly recommend the dealership! and its service!
5 I moved out of Las Vegas and miss this service department so much. My new Audi is about to have its first servicing. I called Brett Geisen, the Service Advisor I worked with before. I want to make sure my new Audi dealership and service department in Atlanta has the professionalism and personable team as Audi Henderson.  I was excited that he not only remembered me and my cars, he is helping me find the best Audi Service Department in Atlanta.  If I could drive to Las Vegas to have my car serviced I would! This team goes above and beyond for their customers. I would recommend this dealership and service department to anyone on the West Coast.
5 I want a new car and Audi Henderson have the car I'm looking for. I show up at 11.00 on a Tuesday morning. I am immediately greeted by a friendly salesman named Nial. He offers me a test drive and indeed quite a lengthy drive. He is very knowledgable and clearly loves the Audi product.   After the test drive we sit in the extremely luxurious showroom and negotiations begin. I meet a manager named Matt, who despite being an Arsenal fan, is actually an extremely nice guy and we agree a deal in just a few minutes.   I am not financing so I hope I can just pay and leave, this is where things slow down. I have to wait while documents are printed which seems to take forever. Eventually they are ready and I then go to Finance manager, again another great guy who is super friendly and professional. His paperwork is immaculate, accurate and after about 100 signatures I am allowed to go to the bank and fetch the check.   When I get back, the car is cleaned, gassed and beautiful. I am very happy, the dealership was outstanding and I am loving the car. I eventually leave at 2.45, I just wish it could be a speedier transaction.
5 I absolutely LOVE this dealership and I'm so glad I bought my Q5 from them! From a previous experience at another Audi dealership, I almost gave up on Audi all together. I figured they would all be the same and I would leave feeling uncomfortable and pressured. Definitely not the case here! I decided to hope for the best and check out Audi Henderson since I was in the area. I was greeted by Matt Jimerson when I was eyeing the Q5 in the showroom. Not only was he helpful in giving me all the information I needed about the car, but also very honest with what would be practical for me, rather than trying to sell every single upgrade possible. After my test drive, he gave me different options for cars that would be available since they didn't have them in stock. Unlike other dealerships, he didn't throw his Sales Manager at me when I left because I needed time to think it through. One week later, I made an appointment with Matt, asking him to show me the car just one more time. Without even hesitating, he said he would be free all day and to stop by whenever I had time. Unfortunately, Matt was in the middle of a deal (good for him!) when I got there. I was then greeted by the Sales Manager, Brian. He was ALSO amazingly accommodating to my requests. He explained even further the differences between the car options I was choosing from. I was going to take another test drive when he brought out both Matt and another brand specialist, Sal Odzakovic. Matt apologized for not being able to assist, but assured me that Sal would be great as well! I wish I could give a higher rating to these guys because Sal was indeed, awesome! Very patient with answering my list of a million questions and again, I didn't feel at all pressured. By the time I got back inside the dealership, I knew that I could buy the car from them just on service alone! I also met Peter, who I believe was another Sales Manager. Another great person to work with! He also made the whole car purchase aspect of my experience so nice and easy going. It was my first time purchasing a car on my own, and I felt like the whole Audi team worked together in providing amazing service. Both Sal and Matt spent a lot of time with me, teaching me how to actually use all the functions in the car and making sure I felt comfortable with it all! They are amazing to work with and do not hesitate to answer my questions even when I'm stuck in my car, trying to figure out how to do one simple thing. I am so excited about my new car and I have Audi Henderson to thank for that! My review is insanely long, but I hope it helps those out there that dread buying a new car because of the horror stories they hear about other dealerships! The guys here have so much knowledge about the brand and can answer any question you may have! I wish I could go on about how great they are, but this review is getting quite long. If you're in the market to purchase an Audi, this dealership is definitely the best choice! :)
5 1 week ago today I purchased an A5 from this dealership. I absolutely LOVE them and specifically, Matt Jimerson who was my salesman. He was so kind, helpful, patient, and engaging. He took his time and walked me through the entire car. I'm very indecisive and he was patient with me until I was sure about what I wanted to move forward with.  Everything this dealership does is done with integrity and thoughtfulness. They provided exceptional service to me. I have not encountered the service department yet, but I'm sure they are just as wonderful as the salesroom floor.  Originally, I had planned to purchase an Audi from Desert Audi in Las Vegas, but after experiencing the service at Audi Henderson, I couldn't give Desert Audi my business. They didn't take the time to show me the car, and explain my trade in along with the tax credit.  I was on the fence about purchasing a new car and what new car to purchase but after visiting Audi Henderson, I was set to purchase the A5 without regrets. Thanks to Matt, Peter, and Lora!
5 Thank you Cedric for taking  care of my A3  TDI .  You and your staffs are so wonderful ! I highly recommend  Audi of Henderson for customer service .  Mr. Joe Sirna thank you for selling us the car  . I enjoy driving my A3 TDI great fuel mileage . You and your staff are not pushy  unlike any other  dealerships.  Audi of henderson make us feel comfortable buying a car.
1 I have been coming to this dealership for the past 18 mos for standard maintenance.  My oil changes and audicare service intervals were done here without any problems.  I kind of thought I was valued because I always was greeted with a smile, they recognized me when I came in, made me feel secure in my choice to get service done on an expensive car at an honest dealership.  Last month, I came in to get an oil change and also see why my check engine light came on, and while there, might as well figure out why I suddenly had a rather rough idle.  Here's a summation of what happened: oil change done...$99 as expected.  Check engine light was the result of "cam shaft valve failure, $400 to replace."  The idle?  Well, that was the result of my engine mounts "exploded, need replacement, $1,750."  Ummmm, ok.  I asked several questions as to the mechanics of these issues and each time my "service consultant" had to keep putting me on hold to relay each question and respective answer to the technician that worked on my car.  They had my car three days to figure out what was wrong, tell me I needed $2100 in repairs, and I never got a chance to even speak with the tech.  Obviously I chose not to get the repairs done at that time, so I got whacked with a $140 diagnostic fee.  I came straight to yelp to find an audi specialist with high reviews.  Who came out on top?  CARS, certified auto repair specialists.  I'm going to write them a positive review right after this terrible review of Audi Henderson.  CARS ran a diagnostic, took it for a test drive, switched out a sensor on an actuator, test drove it again, let it rest and cool, and test drove it again.  No check engine light, no motor mount issue, he checked.  I asked about the camshaft issue, his diagnostic codes came out as misfires and had nothing to do with the camshaft valve leaking.  He checked too. Cost? FREE.  THERE WAS NOT $2100 WORTH OF REPAIRS UNDER THE HOOD.  Do not go to Audi of Henderson, I was informed the technicians there are paid for the hours they bill, much like commission or lawyers.  I will now go to CARS for all maintenance issues in regards to my Audi.  The dealership can go suck it.
5 I recently ordered and bought a new Audi S7 from this dealership and from start to finish (including my car) my experience WAS as good as it gets.  From the very first time I walked into the dealership and was greeted by my incredible "sales guy" Rob Wilson, I felt like I was part of the Audi family. He listened to the long list of "things" I wanted in my car and helped me get exactly the car of my dreams.  Rob and his very supportive sales team, (Peter and Jim) are true sales professionals and delivered on every commitment along my Audi buying journey.  I have and will continue to recommend them to anyone I know looking to buy a car.  Thanks to everyone at Audi Henderson!!   Dana W.
5 just leased a 2014 Audi  x4. It was the easiest car buying experience I ever had.  I took my wife to the dealer on Sunday she picked out a car I contacted Neil and completed the deal  by e-mail and phone.  The car was delivered and paperwork done at my house by Irving and Luke.  Luke went over every feature with my wife, linked her iPhone and Luke and Irv even set up the garage door opener.  Going way above and beyond.
5 I dropped of my Audi A3 for 35k service, 2 days prior a check engine light came on which i paid no attention to. The drop off was smooth everyone at the dealership was friendly, there were people ahead of me but didn't wait long at all. Then the shuttle service took me to work. I think 2-3 hours later i got a call from my service advisor saying that the check engine light was on and it was caused by a high pressure fuel pump that was about to fail. The good news was warranty covers all the parts/labor needed, the bad news the part was not available and will come in the following day. I was little disappointed about that since i needed a vehicle to get around, which they offered me a loaner vehicle, i was able to get back to the dealership get my loaner car without any hassle. Got my car the following day, the service advisor explained everything that was done to the car, what parts may potentially need replacing.   I just want to say what a great service Audi of Henderson provides. Audi makes quality products already but part of great car ownership and brand loyalty is the quality and honesty of the brands "service departments". Service departments are who customers deal with the most post purchase. The car buying process takes about 5-6hrs or so and the relationship between the sales person and buyer may continue or end with no consequence, but after buying a car you need to have a good honest, quality service department for its up keep for years to come. I really think that this is one of the most important aspects of car ownership. I hope Audi of Henderson keep their high quality standards in customer/car care. Audi Of America keep setting high standards for your car dealership/service departments, keep policing those that don't perform well.
5 I purchased my first Audi this past week. What an amazing experience!! Joe was such a wonderful salesman. He explained the car in detail (Q5), answered all of my questions, and made this purchase an enjoyable easy experience!! Thank you Joe Sirna!!!!
5 I actually bought my car from Audi Las Vegas but have been brining it to Audi Henderson for service from the first time. I have to say everyone I've ever dealt with here is so professional and knowledgeable. They are all so nice and always willing to help. I just had a issue with my home link and my garage door would not open so I made a call to Cedric in the service department to ask how I can fix it and within minutes he had Luke from the logistics department call me and scheduled an appointment to come to my home and reset it up free of charge! I was so impressed and happy they took a extra step to help me. I will be recommending all my family and friends to them. Thank you Cedric and Luke for all your help.
5 This Friday I went in and leased an Audi A4 at this location and I had a phenomenal experience. My salesperson was Seth Wright and he was very knowledgable about the product and was not pushy about the sale (which was extremely refreshing to see from a car dealership).   They handled everything very professionally and quickly and they had me on my way in my new Audi!!  Thanks for all the help Seth and Jim you have great staff over there. Keep up the good work!!
5 Matt Jimmerson is who you want to see when you go to purchase a vehicle at Audi of Henderson. He is ethical, efficient and cares. After the purchase of my Q5, I had a huge leak of coolant from a loose hose and I was out of town and stranded over Memorial Day weekend. Matt answered my text on his day off at 6AM and handled everything from getting me compensated for costs I wasn't expecting, my car repairs and getting it back to where I live. I have large expectations for customer service and what was done for me was more than I ever imagined would to have been offered and executed. This brand and the people they choose to represent it has made me a loyal customer for life.
5 Went in on May.31, looking for a s7 which audi henderson did not have one in the stock.I worked with Seth, who is extremely nice and funny, and finally he was able to transfer one from other audi dealer. Unlike the other audi in Las Vegas, he actually gave me some discount on the car, and promised me to give out little gifts. I went to Audi LV before I reached Seth, and that dealership is not the place you want to step in. Not that Audi LV is a shitty dealership, they just dont seem to give out discount easily especially when you are a student. They will tell you how rare the car is rather than cutting into the main topic. Anyway, out of my person opinion, I strongly recommend anyone who is interesting in purchasing audi car to step into this friendly dealership and look for SETH. Work with him and you will understand why I recommend him.
5 My family and I have purchased three Audi vehicles through Audi Henderson in the Valley Automall.  Joe Sirna has helped us each time. He is knowledgeable, friendly, and kind. He doesn't strong arm you into purchasing a vehicle unless toy love it. Also the guys in the maintenance department (Brett, Cedric, and Chad) are great. They are helpful, reliable, quick, and courteous. I tell everyone of my friends that are looking into purchasing a new car to go here.
