4 I needed a pedicure today after work like no other. Pretty Nails & Spa by BN had been calling to me - it's in a brand new building and that "Grand Opening - Special!" sign reeled me in.  Since the place is new, everything is pristine inside. I climbed up into the decadent massage chair - they have "Human Touch" massage chairs there, and I was impressed. My chiropractor uses the same brand of massage chairs. They're great because they relax your back without being too abrasive. Sometimes I sit in a massage chair during a pedicure and the next day I feel like someone has been beating me.   Anyway - this place was great. The chairs were wonderful, and the staff was very sweet (and spoke English the entire time - seriously! No chit-chatting amongst themselves). Relaxation music played throughout the shop, and it just smelled clean and fresh inside - not chemically or overly fragrant.  I honestly nearly fell asleep during my foot and calf massage, and I was so relaxed and peaceful that after my toes were polished, she just let me lie there in the glorious chair with my eyes closed.   Heaven!
5 My feet have not been this soft in years!  I echo all of my previews accolades, but I have to add: Get the callous remover. You will not be sorry!!   I have had callous remover at other places, but the nail tech at Pretty Nails & Spa filed my heels after the remover and (brace yourself) the dead skin fell off like eraser dust. It was totally disgusting and yet fabulous at the same time.  I'm done trying out new pedi places ... this one's a keeper!!
5 Not sure if the person who had a bad experience was referring to the Pretty Nails on Pebble Creek Parkway or the Pretty Nails on Estrella Pkwy by WalMart.  I have only good things to say about the one on PC PKwy.  I love the fact that they put plastic liners in so I know it is clean.  I also received the best pedicure in my life from them.  I would highly recommend them.
1 This was one of the worst pedicures ever! The regular pedicure cost $32 which seemed a bit much but I thought maybe it would be a really good one. I thought wrong, there was no massage for my legs, no scrubbing of my heels and no top coat done to my nails. 10 hours after my pedicure the polish was already chipping off my toes! And I have polish on the cuticles, which doesn't look good.  Then there was the waxing, it cost $10 which is the same as any nail salon but the lady did a hack job of my poor eyebrows! I'm going to have to let them grow out so I can have them reshaped.  The lady who did my toes and waxing wasnt very friendly. There was no "hi how are you" and absolutely NO conversation. Very weird.  Overall: BAD experience and I would not recommend this salon to anyone.
3 First time at this nail salon. Still looking for an amazing nail salon experience. It's the typical salon, nothing stood out. My toes and fingers looked great but the prices with a bit high. The girls were polite, nice and did a good job.     One day I will find that salon or nail tech that makes me say (WOW).
