5 We were just yelping looking for a bar to hangout and saw promising reviews on the piano bar. The twins came up multiple times and we decided to check them out.  Turned out to be the best piano bar experience for me and my friends were very really happy. The two backup performers are better than the twins, hands down.   Some funny facts: the pianos were actually keyboards carved into piano wooden frames; one of the backup pianist came out looking like a cheap restaurant chef but turned out to be more amazing than the twins; the pianists were dueling, so was the crowd - this time specifically it's Texas vs Detroit; everyone was singing along clapping standing up and having lots of fun.  To round up, if u are looking for a true happy hour look no further. In fact, make it 3 hours, or the whole night. U will love the crowd the pianists and the boisterous atmosphere. Highly recommend staying at least an hour for the backup performers who are the real stars - amazing piano dueling, great working the crowd, and adept at making you pay more for song requests while feeling awesome doing it!  Some tips: the twins and the backups take 1 hour turns, don't walk away if u thought what u saw was good enough; u can pay 10 bucks up for song requests, but be prepared to bid up!; it's only 5 dollar cover charge, says need 1 drink minimum but no one really check cos they are too busy having fun; take a walk around the area - great vibe; remember to stop by at the rockhouse open bar just outside the waitress is really hot.  Where happy hour is redefined.
4 I have been to MUCH better piano bars, but this one was enjoyable nontheless.   My boyfriend would say this was a lame place to be, but I really had a good time. Granted, the performers weren't the best, but they were definitely entertaining!  I would rather come here than to a silly bar in Vegas.  But maybe I'm just a sucker for pianos...
5 Love this place. Great atmosphere and great waitresses serving drinks. Paid $6 for a Bud Light, which sucks, but no cover charge for the entertainment. We stayed for three hours and enjoyed every minute of it. Probably the best piano bar I've been to, Vegas or otherwise.
4 My friends loved the music.  It's not as much mainstream, more of the older songs.  They had entertainers playing the piano.  First duo were the Twins.  They were pretty entertaining.  Next group was a latin man and woman.  They were good at playing the piano, etc but not as entertaining as the twins.  The twins get the crowd more involved.  My guy friends all went up on stage and started dancing with one another.  They had a bromance going on.  Two of them got into it and took off their pants! LOL  It was hilarious.  Everyone started busting out their cameras.  At the bar, one of the bartenders was a dick.  He ignored my friend and me as we waited at the bar.  Older gray-haired gentleman.  He just looked at us, walked by, and helped someone else.  WTF!  Then the other bartender who we ordered from prior, came out from the kitchen to help us again. So we were apparently blocking the entrance to the kitchen.  We were asked nicely to not block it, so we moved out of the way.  One of the older ladies, I think she's flip, is a witch.  I was not even blocking and she wanted me to move like 2 feet away from the entrance.  My friends thought she was pathetic.  Then when she came out of the kitchen she said excuse me to everyone and made them move out of her way.  She could've went the same direction as the other waitress where no one was in the way.  She likes to be a b*tch or something.  How dare my friend say I'll look like her when I'm older; she was joking though.  The lady was ugly!!!!!  She thinks she's all that n ish.  Please...she gotta cake face.    The drinks were decently priced.  Cheaper than the club drinks.  Typical drink was $6, at least the Jack n coke was.
