4 Smoke Stack is an American style chargrill restaurant situated in Broughton Street.  It specialises in meat (steaks in particular) so if you're dining with a rampant carnivore, there will definitely be lots on the menu to please them. The menu features four different cuts of steak and six different sauces to compliment them. Portions are pretty large and if you go for a weekend brunch, your meal will set you up for the day. In particular the all day breakfast is brilliant, you get massive portions of beans, Crombie's sausages, bacon and eggs served alongside slabs of tasty bread (there's no cheap white sliced here), all for a meagre £6.95. The menu generally represents good value for money, the pre-theatre menu served between 5-6.30pm is only £9.95 for two courses.  The decor could probably do with a bit of an update, what was once 'modern' is now looking a bit nineties. However the staff are friendly and the service is really good, you'll leave with a full tum and a smile on your face.
4 Checked out the 2 course lunch for £7 quid which I thought was reasonable, especially for this street. I started with the Soup of the Day, which should be the Soup Of Every Day because it never changes, but hey, it was nice.  I was so curious to see what a chicken and bacon crepe looked like so I ordered. My imagination couldn't prepare me for what was put on my plate. It's exactly as strange as it sounds and if you insist on ordering, remove the Crepe ASAP, otherwise it will absorb the bacon grease. Strange, but tasty.  Not a bad at all.
4 Stopped by the Smoke Stack cuz Hamburger Heaven was closed, and it was starting to rain.  GOOD DECISION.  Opted for the two-course lunch deal for £7.95, and was treated to a big bowl of the BEST mussels I've ever had, a steak sandwich, a huge bowl of excellent chips (fries to my fellow Americans), and a small side salad.  While the steak was a little overcooked for my personal taste, I can't exactly fault the kitchen as I didn't request it the way I would've wanted it.  But forget the sandwich for a minute and savor that tarragon, white wine and cream sauce in which the mussels were bathing.  Good Lord... I dunno if I'll ever want bivalves any other way.  This is quality food for a song with friendly service in an unpretentious setting.
5 Quite possibly the best piece of steak I have ever had. While visiting Edinburgh, I had planned to go to at least one steakhouse based on the reputation of Aberdeen cows so I stopped by the Smoke Stack. I was able to walk right in since it was still early in the night. Service was pleasant and the atmosphere was nice and modern. I ordered the filet and mash. Price was good for a steakhouse, but not cheap. Also ordered garlic bread for an appetizer. The bread came out in a timely manner and was good. The filet also came out in a timely manner. The first cut into the steak was like cutting into butter. It was more than tender- words cannot describe it. The taste was also out of this world. The mash was also good as well, but I was left speechless with how good the steak tasted (you shouldn't speak with your mouth open anyways, but you get the point!) This is a must go!
3 I love steak. Potentially one of my favourite meals. So when a voucher came out for two steaks, a bottle of wine, salad and chips for £28 from Smoke Stack I was on it like a car bonnet (yes, I just went there).  The restaurant is laid back, not a fancy affair, great for pre / post pub grub. However the prices are still quite 'fancy' in and of themselves. £16.95 for a steak with no sides. I saw a table next to us receive their steak main. And it was just that. A steak, on a plate, with one leaf of lettuce as garnish. So add on sides and you'll be looking at £20 - £22 for a steak main. Quite pricey.  Now, given that, I have to say I wasn't overly impressed with the steak. It was sirloin. It wasn't badly cooked although when I asked for rare it was more medium (not even medium-rare). But still enjoyable to eat nonetheless. It's just I've been to many other restaurants in Edinburgh that do amazing steaks, at a cheaper price. It was like a shop-bought steak grilled at home. Nice but...quite underwhelming.  The calamari starter was really, really good and the mussells looked tasty. I've also heard the burgers are outstanding. So it wasn't that it wasn't good food, it's just for a steak house charging £20 for a main, the quality really didn't reflect the price.  So don't know if I'd rush back, given the other delicious eateries nearby as well, but it was a nice meal all the same.  Boy sitting on this fence is sore.....
4 a rainy sunday afternoon (which ironically reflected the mood i was in) i found myself wandering down broughton street to the smoke stack for a lunch meeting...or a lunch date, i'm not really sure what it would be called.  either way i was here for lunch.  on arrival at 1pm the restaurant was totally empty save me and the guy who told me to pick any table and brought over some menus.  i was a bit concerned about this as an empty restaurant usually means the food isn't that great.... i started wondering if maybe i should text my lunch date to let him know this and ask if we should move to treacle.  however, i stayed put and when my lunch date arrived we took our time deciding on what to have.  i believe that the smoke stack has a specific weekend menu that has an offering of brunch all day.  while i was initially tempted by this, i was also tempted by the burger or steak sandwich.  too many choices and being indecivise made us send the waitress away with just a drinks order, mmmm ginger beer!, while we thought a bit more.  i ended up with the steak sandwich and my date the chicken club.  we had a wee wait for the food after our order which was reassuring that it was being made fresh.  and when the plates did come out neither of us were disappointed.  my steak sandwich was literally a steak on ciabatta!!  a whole steak!!!!  usually this sandwich is some thin slices of steak served with lots of fried onions to mask the fact that there isn't that much steak.    after a quick assembly of the two halves and making sure all the fried onions were secure in the ciabatta i took a bite and yum!!  the steak was tender and the onions nicely caramelised with a hint of mustard mayo on a nicely toasted roll.  it was supremely tasty!  maybe not the best i've ever had, but definitely very good.  my chips were fresh and crispy and i ate them all after taking on the majority of my sandwich.  my date's empty plate clearly reflected that he'd enjoyed his chicken club as well.  while we were waiting for our food and eating the restaurant began to slowly fill up, so maybe this is just a later lunch spot and i was an early bird turning up at 1pm.  the service as well was very good, although they seemed a bit cautious of our table as i was visibly upset and i don't think they wanted to interrupt.  i really need to stop being the girl that cries in public places... but well done for their professional service during my upset and not making it obvious to other diners what was going on!  so this place gets 4 stars as i would like to go again (maybe in a few months when they forget about my most recent tearful visit!) and try some other options on their menu.
1 Had brunch here the other day...Average is an understatement...Yikes!  Wasn't our 1st choice, given that Broughton St has SO many options (however, on a Sunday it always pays to book!)!   The place was empty... should have been 1st warning.  The waitress was pretty glum... 2nd.  My friend's bacon roll had to be sent back because the bun was charred... 3rd.  Shall I go on?  In all honesty, I don't really feel like wasting much more time on this review.  Won't bother going back, and normally I give a place at least a few goes.... not this time.  (And no, this review is nothing to do with side of bed I got up on!) ;-)
2 Went to Smoke Stack to have a Sunday brunch with my husband. We had an itison voucher which offered waffles, coffee/tea, and a Bloody Mary or other cocktail.  Booked table for 12 as the small print mentioned the licence law, which meant that our Bloody Marys could only be consumed after 12.30..  On arrival the place was almost empty. The orders were taken, but I was slightly surprised that there was no choice of coffees or teas - I would have maybe gone for a cappuccino but never mind. The drinks arrived with some milk on the side.   Then a while later, the waffles arrived. i had waffles with smoked salmon and scrambled eggs, and my husband chose bacon and maple syrup waffles.  They were ok, nothing special though.   Bloody Marys were brought to the table, and again - nothing special.  At this point I really realised what annoyed me about this place is we had to constantly ask for something:  - there was no sugar on the table - asked for more maple syrup and they brought a small jug of what seemed like golden syrup - asked for white pepper for the bloody mary: the waiter then asked if we want black or white?? and only then did he mention that they had celery salt which we took and it complimented the drink  All in all, ok place but I wouldn't perhaps rush back.
2 Too bad - it could've been so nice.  Sunday morning brunch is sometimes a special hangover time and you want to be taken care off. Well in my view anyway. The promise of a fresh waffle with bacon and maple syrup with a Bloody Mary was music to my ears. Good thing that I didn't actually had an hangover otherwise I would have been really annoyed during this visit.   The owner / manager showed us to our table. Which was nice, close to the heater. He took our voucher for the brunch and asked if we wanted coffee or tea. - huh? I sometimes like simple, non fuss choices this wasn't one of those moments though. I did find out from the drinks menu there were slightly more choices, but I got the idea that on the voucher it was either coffee OR tea.  When our coffee & tea arrived I noticed no sugar on the table - or any table - so it was something that should have been served with the order - so I got up to ask the waiter/owner/manager for some and promptly he did bring some. - It should really be served with the Coffee & Tea (since that wasn't really that complicated of an order to start with)  We ordered our waffles; mine with bacon and maple (?) syrup and the wife scrambled egg and salmon. The waffles were of the very thin, round Tefal waffle-maker variety. Shame, as I was expecting a nice thick square Belgium waffle. But yeah a waffle we did get. The bacon was OK and crisps, the syrup tasted golden NOT maple and very little was served.  *sigh* here we go again..  I had to ask waiter (non owner / non manager) for extra maple syrup and some butter to moisten the waffle. - which was not offered nor were we asked if anything was to our satisfaction.   The Bloody Mary was big, nice. No celery stick, not nice. - and here I went again.. this time asking for Worcester sauce and white pepper. - no white pepper on the premises - but celery salt was offered - thanks.   Too many times I had to ask for additional things that you'd expect to be on the table or served with an order. - that staff was not easily approachable. I did try from my seat, but to get things I really had to get of my seat and go to the bar/serving/kitchen area.   It was in all a bit of an disappointing visit. it is difficult to complain about having to ask for something and if it was only one thing fine.. but so many things that needed to be asked for was very annoying.
3 Myself and a friend went here for brunch on Sunday as she had one of those groupon type vouchers so basically I got free food :). We had a choice of tea or coffee, then one of four options on the waffles and a smoothie to boot. I have to say I really enjoyed the food (possibly as I wasn't paying, and I hadn't eaten that morning). I got the Canadian Waffles which were good and had plenty of syrup on it. I was thinking/hoping the bacon would be streaky bacon but it was just regular bacon, which was ok too. It felt nice an relaxed in there and the staff were pleasant too. I'm not sure I was totally in awe of the place that I would go back again but it was nice.
3 It has more of a diner come canteen feel to this place which in all honesty I didn't mind as I was ravenous and in the need for a tasty plate of nosh.   The place was quite busy but the service on point. Although the waitress didn't seem to know the menu too well and had trouble understanding what Stolichnaya was.  As a buggy-barer we typically have to call in advance and ask whether firstly they allow wee bairns in and then whether they can accommodate us. Top marks on this front.   Now for the food. It's good. Not blow you out of this world awesome nor is it worthy of a stinking review. It's nice. A little more of a shake on the season pot wouldn't have a gone a miss but all-in-all I was hungry, it filled a hole and there wasn't anything massively to complain about.   A good place to drop in if you're hungry and need a relatively quick fix I would say.
4 We had a great meal here. Friendly staff. My wife and I had Rib Eye with a delicious blue cheese sauce... Yum.  My steak was cooked just as i asked, and was tender. My son had the fillet with seafood which he really enjoyed, it was really big, and the steak came on top of a huge pile of muscles and prawns. (Which we had to help him finish!  :) The chips were also great - they were home style, cut and cooked with the skin on, i loved it.
3 A solid place for a casual bite with a twinge of hipness. Several cuts of steak, bunch of different toppings for burgers, fries, baked potatoes and a few beers and wines. No complaints here! But its nothing to go on about.
4 Had my first visit here last night and wasn't disappointed. Friendly staff, a lovely ambiance and fantasticly hip surroundings. Service was incredibly speedy, with short waits in between courses which was impressive considering how busy the place was. The speed absolutely did not compromise the quality though.  We ordered chilli con carne nachos to share and both went with the 5oz beef burger. The meat in both courses was superb, incredibly succulent and fresh. Likewise the side dishes were all obviously handmade and the ingredients freshly sourced, which makes a nice change from the frozen veg you find in a lot of Edinburgh's more casual hotspots.  My partner had the banoffee pie, which he enjoyed but felt was a little overly deconstructed - it was whipped cream, atop whole banana pieces, atop a layer of toffee, atop biscuit. Although delicious, it was a little overwrought.  All in all a fantastic dinner with speedy service at a decent price point and in trendy surroundings. Would definitely recommend!
3 I met a friend here for dinner, and it was warm and inviting on a rainy day. I wanted steak, and had seen this place in passing, and finally got around to having dinner here. I ordered steak fajitas, because it sounded amazing, though it was 15. So what, if it's good. The problem is that it was only ok. My friend's ribs were too fatty and he only ate some of them. His burger was small, and matched with tasteless pinkish tomatoes. He said he would never go back, and so while we enjoyed the ambiance, and the company, there is little point of spending what we spent for a meal that was less than grand.  The staff were amazing, cute and sweet, and checked in on us a few times. If the food were only as good.
5 Food was great and the people were really nice. I got a local beer and a 5 oz burger, the flavors were really spot on. We highly recommend this place for anyone looking to have a great meal in a relaxing environment.
3 53-55 Broughton Street, EH1 3RJ. Cannot speak for the food myself, but we almost stopped for brunch here and looked foodie worthy.  Emily Rose Reeder
2 I had walked by Smoke Stack on Broughton Street many times, and I had been wanting to try it for a while now. When a Groupon voucher came up for two breakfasts, two orange juices and two coffees/teas for £10, I jumped at this great deal.   A friend and I showed up on Sunday, really excited to try Smoke Stack. The orange juices came out, and I was really disappointed that they were the horrid British orange juice from concentrate that pops up way too often to make sense. I just don't know how people drink the stuff and why they tolerate it! I had expected some nice freshly squeezed orange juice but was sorely disappointed. At least my cappuccino was fairly good and compensated it.  With five different types on the Smoke Stack menu and with waffles dominating all of the breakfast options, I thought I was in good hands since that was what they seemed to do best. My friend and I each had the waffles with bacon and maple syrup. The waffles weren't terribly hot and were served with the maple syrup already poured over everything - an obvious mistake since it drenches the waffles and makes them soggy, and also doesn't let us customise how much syrup we want, or the quality of the pouring. I'm sounding like a snob here, but it seems really easy and logical for me to serve the syrup in a nice little pitcher so that customers can decide if they want syrup just in the middle (like I received) or evenly distributed in each waffle dent. Anyway, the waffle was ok but nothing special, especially when soggy with the maple syrup.   I was just really excited about trying Smoke Stack, and really disappointed that they hadn't done better. At least I was on the deal since it certainly wouldn't be worth spending £20 on brunch here. Also, I was a bit annoyed that the servers weren't friendly at all, and they also hid us away downstairs even though I had made my booking weeks ago and had assumed we would have had a nicer table upstairs. Oh well.
5 Came here for dinner with my husband on Friday and it was fantastic. We both had the fillet steak, blue and it was cooked to perfection - one of the best I've ever had. The nachos and cocktails are fabulous too
2 Full disclosure, I am from the Southern part of the United States. Fortunately I have been to plenty of restaurants named "Smoke Stack" in my life. The expectation I have is that the food would have some beautiful smokey flavour. Unfortunately this place does not meet that expectation.  The location and atmosphere are great, which is the only thing saving this place from a 1 star. The price is high for what you're getting. I got the ribs, which had never come close to a grill or smoker. They seems to have been boiled in too much sauce, and reminded me of the McRib. My wife got the prawn and avocado salad. Prawns were completely unseasoned and the avocado was a wee bit past it's prime. The highlight was the elderflower martini.   One last thing I would like to add...FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TAKE THE BLOODY MARY OFF THE MENU. That was a joke in poor taste to the wonderful drink that has saved me from many a hangovers. I believe it has cranberry juice in it. Disgusting.
