4 The chicken wraps here are immensely tasty (£3).  Lightly toasted and packed full of mouth watering spicy sauces you'll be coming back for more messy finger food time and time again.  Jugs of tap water are conveniently offered too and the staff seem friendly enough.  As with many of the eateries in close proximity to the university campus it's generally rammed at lunch times. This is all expected with such a tasty lunch break on offer.
5 I had never tried Hoummas and falafel until that fateful day I wandered into Nile Valley. The layout is small and not very appealing, but when you get downstairs it's a whole new vibe. The African theme runs throughout the decor and the people, everyone is so welcoming and happy. They have a great selection of wraps that they make right infront of you and they are YUMMY!! Hoummas and Falafel especially is my favourite, and I've worked my way through a few different flavours. Each wrap is around £3 and there's a great student discount. Nile Valley, I salute you
4 Like Coffee Etc, only  better. That's pretty much all you need to know about this place.   They offer the same wraps as next door, with all the same yummy fillings like baba ghanoush, avocado, humus, chicken (which, by the way, makes a surprisingly good combination!) but the prices in here are more reasonable. Not that Coffee Etc is anywhere near expensive, but every little helps when you're a student!  The other big plus point about this place is that it has a downstairs seating area as well as the 3 or 4 tiny little tables upstairs. Which means that, unlike Coffee Etc between 12-3pm, you might stand a chance of getting somewhere to sit.  The baklava here's amazing too, and if you get one of the gorgous cartons of Rubicon Mango juice you ca kid yourself that it counts as one of your 5-a-day and so off-sets the sticky flaky baklava goodness.  Or at least that's what I convince myself every time I go.
4 During one of my many free lunch hours at the University of Edinburgh, a friend and I decided to try this East African cafe by day/restaurant by night! Hailing from West Africa myself, I've hardly had the chance to try authentic cuisine from East Africa and I'm sad to say I'm still waiting; reason being that the Nile Valley offers a great lunch time menu, craftily mixing the standard student lunch (salads, wraps, sandwiches) with some Middle Eastern elements. For all other falafel enthusiasts out there, their wrap is phenomenal and definitely rivals Palmyra's. The other wraps I've tried, such as the chicken and avocado, do not disappoint, and the interior definitely complements the theme of the restaurant; African maps, art and pictures for the wandering eye! Leaving ground level for the basement is quite exciting, but the theme is pretty much the same, save for the added darkness which makes it even cosier. Students, businessmen etc frequent this place at lunch time, but I'm still very curious to try their dinner menu!
4 I've been to Nile Valley quite a few times for lunch as it's cheap and tasty with a great range of food and nice service.  Apparantly they've been around for fifteen years which is impressive and you only have to venture in once to understand why.   I usually have a flatbread jam packed with chicken and ganoush which costs around £3.50 and more than satisfies any lunchtime cravings.  Their ingredients are always fresh and they have a great range of authentic African as well as local produce.  For example, on their dinner menu they offer Scottish lamb which is slow cooked with herbs for tenderness. It's a great place to come for cheap, tasty and different food at reasonable prices.
4 The Nile Valley Cafe is a fantastic place to go for lunch and one of my favourite hang outs. It is just a stones throw away from the main University campus, George Square, so it is a very convenient place for students to go for their lunch. There is always a queue at lunch time coming out of this small cafe of students wanting to buy their lunch - always a good sign.   The Nile Valley Cafe offers a huge range of authentic African and ethnic dishes, and there is such a wide variety available that there will be something on their menu to suit everyone. They serve really delicious wraps for lunch with a whole range of fillings such as hummus, falafel, babaganoush and mezze, as well as the more traditional fillings such as cheese, salad and a selection of meats. They offer a range of pate's, and the chicken liver pate is particularly delicious.   I love their falafel and salad wrap, which is really reasonable at about £3. The servings in here are incredibly generous and I find that if I have a wrap from here for lunch, I am not hungry the rest of the day. There is a lovely seating area downstairs which is a good size where you can listen to African style music.   The Nile Valley Cafe offers a huge selection of non-meat options so it is a great place for vegetarian's as there is bound to be something on their menu to suit everyone.   As well as wraps, the Nile Valley Cafe offer a selection of soups, their roasted red pepper soups is truly delicious, as well as a selection of main meals such as fish and meats cooked in a mouth watering marinade.
4 One of the tastiest places for lunch in Edinburgh - I go for a spicy chicken wrap with falafel and aubergine... (although the wraps have shrunk significantly over the last two years...!)   Dinner - no no. Been there several times and although its byob and therefore frequented by intrepid students, the food is poor and overpriced  Basically, 5 stars for lunch, 3 stars for dinner!
5 One of the many things I miss about Edinburgh. Great food. Friendly staff.  Their wraps are especially delicious. I can't speak for dinner entrees because I'd mostly go there for lunch, but those wraps were just YUM! Terrific place, and right across the street from the George Square buildings.
4 Reading the lunchtime reviews of Nile Valley are making my mouth water. I've only been in for dinner, and I found it to be a very pleasurable experience. I'm a big fan of this type of cuisine: if there's hummus, aubergines, and lamb then count me in. And if it's BYOB even better. Nile Valley ticks all of these boxes, and is therefore firmly on my roster of places to get a good dinner with friendly service in Edinburgh.   The staff are very accommodating and will even find you a table during the festival. The last time I visited there was a minor issue with our starter not arriving on time; the manager personally came out to apologise to us, and we were given it for free. Very different treatment to certain fine dining institutions.
5 Lunchtime wraps are so cheap and delicious. Love their toasted Khobz bread and if you're a veg/vegan they have a huge selection of everything scrummy. Great service and a fun place to eat!
4 This is one of my friend's favourite eateries, and I've been here with him twice, both times for lunch. Both times I had an Africa Wrap - a speciality of the house - I liked it so much the first time I had a second one!  Because the wraps here are made from garam flour, they are gluten free! The Africa Wrap had beans, feta, falafel and salad, and it was toasted. It was also the biggest wrap I've ever seen in my life. spicy sauce was optional (I had it the first time but not the second since it was a bit hot for me - recommended for people who like their food to have a kick tho!)  The falafel on offer here is the best falafel I've had. This is high-fibre, high-taste food, it's filling, it's healthy, and it's delicious. Such a rare combination! It's also great for vegetarians.   They also have lovely tea. It's unlike any I've had elsewhere (I think it's Sudanese tea but I'm unsure) and I drink it in massive quantities when I go here.   The price is cheap, extremely cheap for edinburgh and for the amount of food you get for your buck. It's properly authentic food, and it's one of the few times a mad carnivore like me has really, really enjoyed vegetarian fayre. Recommended.
