5 Lovely big plush, comfortable bar, with a gorgeous gantry. It's right next door to the Playhouse, so it's a good place to visit either before or after taking in a show.    The Theatre Royal does get very busy sometimes, so if you want to get a seat, make sure you arrive early.
4 The Theatre Royal is of course affiliated with its neighbour, The Playhouse. I don't know if it is in business terms, but certainly the theme of this bar is to please the theatre goers as they step in for pre theatre drinks and eats.  Because of its proximity to the Playhouse, it maintains a high standard of service and quality. The walls are freshly painted a rich red, there are theatre posters from years ago framed in each corner of the space, and the large horsehoe bar serves up a number of nice beers and spirits.  They serve up the usual pub fayre for lunch, and it's not too expensive considering its central location. The bar staff are friendly and although it can get busy when a show is about to start, if you aim to get here a couple of hours early you could set yourself up for the night with a relaxed bottle of wine and a wee chat. They have outdoor seating which is enjoyed by locals, tourists and theatre goers during the sunny afternoons.  I like this bar. I would drink in it even if I wasn't going to the theatre, and make it my local if I stayed nearby. The exterior decor with the bugle players is interesting, making it stand out as one of the older and classier bars in the area. But what I like most of all about this place is that they keep their toilets clean and tidy. What's more, they pipe music through them. At long last I've found somewhere which plays elevator music in the bathroom. There's nothing worse than doing a wee and awkwardly knowing that your wee, along with those in the neighbouring cubicles, are amplified. Makes washing your hands beside your previously anonymous pee partner needlessly embarrassing.   So even though they were playing Joe McElderry of X Factor fame when I visited, I would gladly take that over the icy silence that usually falls on bathrooms. A round of applause for Theatre Royal!
4 This bar/restaurant can't be missed, with it's rich exterior and important position right next to the Edinburgh Playhouse!   It definitely fancier, and much larger, than many of the other bars and pubs in Edinburgh and has an enviable menu as well. Now that it's summertime, the outdoor seating is extremely tempting and I have to say I succumbed! The food is surprisingly inexpensive, and I had a delicious chicken burger with my beer. They also serve mains (I noticed they do a lot of fish dishes, haddock, salmon etc) as well as salads and pretty good-looking desserts...   It's extremely cosy indoors, but I'm not sure much sunlight is allowed in there, so I'd definitely recommend heading there whilst the weather permits!
2 This bar pretty much sums up everything that annoys me about the Theatre in one go. It's a bit gaudy looking, it's painted stupidly flambuoyant colours and the shakespearean life-sized figureheads suspended above the door are just a little too desperate and attention-seeking for my liking. And on the one occasion I drank here it was full of people that pretty much matched that description too.  Yes, it's a really convenient location if you want a few drinks before you see a show, as it's pretty much inside the Playhouse building. But that fact also means that drinks are really overpriced. Obviously the other reviewers liked it considerably more than I did, but I have to say I am definitely not a fan.
5 I have finally got myself a dictionary with enough superlatives in it that I now feel comfortable reviewing the, what should be, World Famous Theatre Royal Bar.  Working just round the corner from Leith Walk there are a multitude of options to choose from when considering what the works "local" after work venue should be. Having vigorously tested all options, several times each over the years, I am satisfied that the best venue is also coincidentally the closest to my work.   Having been a patron of this establishment for many a year now I really can't talk highly enough of it...but i shall give it a darn good go!  Firstly, the setting. Situated five minutes walk from the city centre it is within walking distance to everything a man could need. From a run at the local gym in the omni or a bite to eat at one of Leith Walk's plethora of restaurants to being a stones throw away from St Mary's Cathedral if ever you fancy a beer to rinse off your freshly cleansed soul. The Theatre Royal is perfectly positioned. (As also briefly mentioned it is also the closest pub to my work!)  The interior itself is a haven for the theatre lover, with the walls adorned with signed posters from the various acts that have tread the famous boards of the Playhouse.  There is plentiful seating around the grand looking island bar, through the back there are large tables where groups of friends can relax after a hard days work.  The grand looking island bar, however, can cause a bit of consternation amongst patrons with slight difficulties in being always being seen on a busy night, this can lead to a bit of a wait to get served...but rest assured served you will be!  Which leads me nicely on to my second point, the staff. These are some of the nicest bar staff I have encountered in Edinburgh - and I have encountered several. They are all very friendly and chatty and ever attentive. There is very low turnover of staff which I think indicates it is also not a bad place to work. The staff at the theatre are one of it's biggest assets.  Thirdly, the drink. Like in most city centre venues the cost of drinks has steadily increased over the last few years. It no longer offers the obligatory bottle of wine for £5 or £1 a bottle of beer. You are paying for the location and atmosphere.   After another seamless segue we arrive at my fourth area, the atmosphere. On any given day you can experience several different atmospheres in the Theatre royal, each giving it it's own life and personality. In the afternoon you can slip in and relax on one of the big seating areas in the back and have a quite drink or lovely meal. on a show night there will be a steady rise in numbers up until it reaches it's crescendo at 6:30 - 7 prior to the house opening next door. At 7:30 an exodus and you're left with a few locals and the bar staff starting to get set for the post show barrage.   Finally, the food. The menu here caters for all. From the stunningly cook Steak via the de rigueur Fish and Chips to a personal favourite of mine - a vegeburger with cheese and bacon (just you try it before scoffing). The value for money for the food here is exceptional, the quality of food is of a very high standard and the portions are generous without being foreboding.  My overall opinion of the Theatre Royal bar is that if they had rooms to rent I'd never leave! I would very much recommend you try it out and soon.   And when you do...I'll be standing at the bar and mines a pint of tennant's...see you soon!
3 We picked this pub based on Yelp's reviews and weren't disappointed. The pub has a very old-school drama-Yama feel to it and I felt at home immediately just looking at the numerous musical posters on the wall.   We had our dinner here and opted for a mushroom soup to start with a Mushroom risotto as main. The soup was light yet creamy enough to finish the whole bowl of it. The accompanying bread was kinda salty- very different expectations from me. Hubby loved it more than me. I personally loved the mushroom risotto very much. A good stomach warmer for the cold outside.
3 Touristy, yes. but the food was tasty and the drinks were plentiful. We came here because we noticed that this place was a bit more busy then the surrounding area. We were able to grab a comfy booth in the back room behind the bar. We had just arrived in Edinburgh so we really needed to sit down and get a game plan and stumbled upon The Royal Theatre. Our waiter was quick and efficient with great recommendations with the local drafts. However, he did disappear to play bartender later in our service so we had to track him down in order to pay our bill! I had the traditional Haggis, Neeps and Tatties, 'Hey when in Scotland!' I have to say, that I really liked it! My husband had the burger and was happy with it. He really loved all the ales on tap the most! The restaurant front looked like an old Scottish pub and the interior décor was very regal, with deep reds, beautiful chandeliers and signed theatre posters.  I'm glad we got seated when we did as it the place was packed, I guess a play had let out when we left and I could see that they were a bit short on staff to accommodate everyone!
3 A good option for watching sport on the big screenm pint prices not horrendous yet and a decent range of ales. I particularly liked the fact there's a framed photo of one line-up of The Exploited amidst the decoration on one wall of the back room.
