5 Smart, laid back pub right next door to the statue of Greyfriars Bobby.    The bar is on several levels, with little snugs and bigger tables. It's a nice place also to sit outside and watch the world go by.    There's a good selection of malt whiskies, and the added bonus of Peroni on draught. Staff are very pleasant too.    Well worth visiting.
4 The night that I visited, they were in the midst of a cask ale festival, which was a total score for me.  I tried...several.  I don't really remember names; some were great and some were so-so, but most weren't brands of which I had heard.  They also had live music, which is why I came in the first place.  This was the last night of my trip, and I hadn't heard as much traditional music as I had hoped.    It was just a young guy playing guitar.  His jokes were terrible, but his energy and musicianship were very good.  There were many sing-along, foot-stomping kind of moments.  He pointed me out as the only person doing the claps in "The Wild Rover" and had me demonstrate to the rest of the bar.    Fun times.  I also met a group of four female American tourists, who let me sit at their table.
3 Yes, it's a bit of a touristy stop to make, but we had a nice time....once we were able to snag some real estate on some comfy couches.  We ordered a round of Scotch, and an appetizer.  So, if you're in the area, you should atleast stop here as well as take a photo next to the Greyfriars Bobby statue which is just outside.
3 this a cute place that you just have to be a "tourist" at and at least take a pic outside with Bobby's statue!  we decided to eat here too and it was very good fare! i ordered a mushroom salad which was fantastic! and my father had Neeps tatties and haggis. best haggis we've had!  NOTE: this restaurant is part of a chain, where all the menus are the same, but the bar and names are different!
2 This pub sits at the entrance of Greyfriar's Kirkyard, directly behind the statue of Greyfriar's Bobby and must do rather well from the association as it seems to attract more than its fair share of tourists. It's not a bad pub, but it's not a great pub either: the range of drinks is average, the food isn't particularly exciting and the decor is nothing to write home about. It has a few tables outside for the smokers among us. I certainly would never think 'let's go to Bobby's for a drink', but I'm in the area and fancy a pint, I would rather pop in here than any of the busier tourist traps on the Grassmarket.
2 Tourists abolutely love this place. In fact, the easiest way to spot the pub will be to just look for a group of about 20 of them taking pictures of the dog's monument outside!  The pub itself is quite cute, in that it's very traditional and "scottish", from the good range of whiskies behind the bar to the Haggis Neeps and Tatties on the menu. That's all great, but because it targets tourists it's more expensive than other pubs in the area.  Aside from that, there's nothing particularly bad to say about the pub. But I've drunk there half a dozen times or so and I still can't help thinking that if it weren't for the gimmicky aspect of it then it wouldn't do nearly as well as it does; at the end of the day it's part of a local chain.
3 If you are walking around Old Town Edinburgh you will definitely come across the statue of Greyfriar's Bobby, the small dog that remained faithful to his master even after the latter's death. Because of this the dog would allegedly visit this pub to eat whilst visiting his master's grave situated right behind the statue. The pub adopted the name as the reputation of the dog grew. It's a cute pub and when I came here there was some live folk music going on. It's a bit of an old-mans-pub, nothing too fancy and the prices are a bit of a tourist trap but I would still come here just for the story and the warm atmosphere!
4 Ah, good old Bobby's.  With over 400 pubs to choose from in Edinburgh, it can often be difficult to decide where to go.  Greyfriar's Bobby bar maintains a peaceful, relaxed refuge while still being situated next to one of the city's characteristic landmarks, only a few hundred metres from the tourist drenched royal mile.   Bobby's is for those who like their pubs traditional, yet not crammed with the usual air of villainy that can usually be associated with such a place.  Upon entering, you are greeted with a slightly dim yet comfortable atmosphere reminiscent of what you'd imagine a stately home would be like.  This veneer is complimented by the tasteful, nostalgic memorabilia that hangs from the walls, such as portraits and old parchment reinforcing the familiar tale of the eponymous canine.    As a student, Bobby's offers a welcome haven from the regular mould of student packed bars scattered across the surrounding city, while still offering an attractive benefit for the beer drinkers in the form of £2 pints of Guinness, Tennent's or Belhaven Best upon the flash of a student card.  However, spirits can be a bit on the pricey side for a student budget (I'd say regular pricing for other non student orientated drinking establishments) which often leads to the formation of "sausage fests": the non-beer drinking female student often wishes to take her business elsewhere. Yet this still leaves open the option of having a few pints with the lads wide open.    The staff here are fantastic.  I have always been welcomed to the bar with friendly mannerisms, even under busy periods. And more importantly, they certainly know how to poor a proper pint of Guinness!  While I haven't personally succumbed to the temptation of one of the hearty meals on offer, I have observed the enjoyment upon the faces of those who have and feel confident that I would not be disappointed.   Bobby's always attracts a good mix of clientele. It is popular with tourists yet there have been few occasions that I have been present there where the place has been chalk a block with them, an issue that often puts Edinburgh residents off such places. The seating is usually plentiful, with a recent rearrangement offering more, however I'd still recommend an early arrival on Fridays and Saturdays to guarantee maximum comfort.   For those musically inclined, be sure to check out some of the excellent traditional folk acts that often play there.   Overall, Bobby's remains one of my favourite places in Edinburgh for going out for a drink or two, and I have often gone for a cheeky afternoon pint with a few pals that has blossomed into an enjoyable evening there.
4 Wandering the streets of Edinburgh, I found myself in front of the National Museum of Scotland, which oddly closes nice and early at 5:00 PM. That's not right. Rather than get myself into a knot, I saw the Greyfriars Bobby's Bar right there and heard the football match, so I popped in. A moment later, a delicious pint was poured for me and I found a comfortable seat with a view of one of the many wall-mounted televisions.  Free wi-fi worked great so I could post a few pictures and see what was next on my bookmarks list. I didn't see any power outlets, though I didn't look too hard. Several tables outside for the smokers and the sun worshipers. This is a great spot for tourist watching, as not only the Museum is here, but the Greyfriars Bobby statue is right outside and the Greyfriars Kirk is next door. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greyfriars_Bobby  Very comfortable, friendly pub. Lots of draught choices. I had a Schiehallion's Lager and enjoyed it.
4 Whilst I've made my feelings clear on what I believe to be the far more sinister than loyal motives of the little Greyfriar's dog himself, th neighbouring bar, whilst very twee and tourist orientated, thankfully has a far less grisly agenda.  It won't really interest locals, with tons of Bobby-themed junk  adorning the walls, mediocre quality Scottish food on the menu and a carefully contrived "traditional" atmosphere, but away from the skankiness of the Royal Mile, it's one of thecity's least offensve tourist bars.
4 It's a lovely place to celebrate the mantra of a wonderful wee doggy!  It's very traditional, would appeal to tourists and is rather quaint!  Rather expensive too!
3 Greyfriars Bobby's Bar is a great pub, but you can't be bothered by the prices of the drinks in order to really enjoy yourself.  Pints cost at least £3 each and a single spirit and mixer costs around the same price, if not more.  The food looks excellent and their menu boasts a wide range of locally sourced ingredients.  Their roast beef looks delicious and succulent, but it costs about £8 which doesn't give much room for manoeuvre if you're just out for lunch. Having said this, it's got a friendly and comfortable atmosphere which is ideal if you're watching the football or rugby on the weekend.  It doesn't really need to market itself to students as it easily attracts enough custom from the locals who seem to love the place.
5 Have visited this place countless times over the years. First was a trip with my dad but it has now turned into a nice wee convenient place to pop into when visiting friends who need to be close to public transport.   As Stephanie has pointed out, if you want to learn about the little dog that so many love, then ditch the old tatty book your granny gave you and just get a drink in and wander about this little gem to learn and love the story. The pub itself is in a wee time wrap, with a proper boozer feel to it but it is full of friendly punters.  For all the times I've been here I have never had anything to eat until last week. I ordered the Arbroath Smokie Fishcakes and my girlfriend went for the Curried Lamb Shank with Apricots. Both were bluudy marvellous and very reasonably priced - around 7/8 quid each.   A brilliant staple in the city centre area and come highly recommended.
3 Greyfriars is one of those tourist trap bars that does everything right but not amazingly. With a cute story behind the name and a traditional Scottish pub atmosphere it is no surprise it is heaving with tourists, especially during the festival. However if you are an Edinburgh resident, there are many other bars that do the same but better. Greyfriars is just a bit clichéd, with the old memorabilia on the walls, and the traditional style décor.   The atmosphere is good though, especially if you are with a group of mates. Due to the fact it is quite small it fills up quickly, but if you get a booth then you can have a few drinks with friends. Don't expect a wide range of beers though, the bar is tiny and always packed. The food too is pretty average.  The pub quiz though is good fun, and refreshingly quite challenging. Also they have live music now and then which gives the pub an extra selling feature, but to be honest, unless you are a tourist it's just a little bit boring.
2 This pub is named after the famous Skye Terrier dog named Bobby who supposedly kept guard for 14 years over the grave of his master in the adjoining Grayfriars Kirkyard. It's a nice enough place, with traditional-style décor, a good selection of ales and whiskies, an interesting menu which includes haggis, neeps and tatties, and of course tons of Bobby-related memorabilia.   And therein lies its drawback. Like any establishment that uses a legend or other gimmick to draw customers, it caters to the tourist trade and charges twice as much as other bars in the area. I thought the prices were rather steep here.  I guess the same advice applies as with any other tourist spot: drop in if you happen to be in the area and are really interested in the local legend, but don't go out of your way for it.
4 Oh Greyfriars. What a lovely place.   Yes, as many have pointed out this has the story of a cute little dog attached to it, but honestly, it didn't feel like a tourist-trap pub to me.  As a matter of fact, when walking in on a rainy Tuesday evening it felt like a warm cosy living room, generously sprinkled with comfy chairs and tables.   I love this place. It's so ... comfy, and homey. Whenever I'm a wee bit homesick, I just pop in here for a nice little read and everything just fades into the background. It's calm, (on weekday afternoons) it's quiet, and it's comfortable. What more could you want?  Why not the full five stars them? Well, when we walked in they had already turned off the espresso-machine and there was no hot water for tea available. Both being cold, we were feeling a little bit sad about no hot drinks, but settled for a cold pint. (Which ended up doing the job quite nicely).   The barmaid did tell us that there was a cafe across the street and that we were welcome to sneak in  a take-away coffee from there as long as we held it under the table. Of course she only told us this after we'd ordered and paid for our drinks.   However, this didn't take away the ambiance of the place for me. I still like it as a cosy comfy well, gezellig (look it up, it's an untranslatable Dutch word) pub.
4 I can't say I sought out this pub but did end up here my last night in Edinburgh. It turned out a happy accident.  Maybe it's because I was just a dumb tourist but I can't agree with some of the reviewers of the place.    First of all, I didn't find the prices to be any more expensive than any other places I visited.  In fact, some of their whiskies were downright bargains.  Other than that, I only had a draft beer so I can't say what their other drinks prices are.  Maybe vodka is pricey there.  The food was also within range of what I'd seen throughout the city and was actually delicious.  I'd eat there again no problem.  Second of all, from what I could tell, my group of 3 were the only tourists in site.  In all fairness, I was there on a late March Monday night so maybe that had something to do with it.  Still, I was the only "funny talker" within ear shot.  The place was quiet and on my visit blissfully calm with just the right amount of ambient buzz.  It was also clean and just warm enough to not feel stuffy or chilled.  Look, I can't say this place is that different from anywhere else that I ate-except for one thing.  The service here was phenomenal.  No joke.  I almost felt like I was a regular with the great service we received.  Writing this, I ask myself why I was surprised it was so friendly.  I can't say I was ever treated rudely on my visit at any other place I ate or drank.   I don't know, for some reason both bartenders were just outstanding in their treatment to us.  From drink recommendations to their opinions on what to order for the meal, they were always smiling and never seemed put off by our questions.  I guess they made me feel like my visit there mattered and that is why they stand out.  Cheers to you Sarah and Luke!  Bottom line here, if you're hungry and want a drink to go along with the food, you'll get that here.  What's wrong with that?  Nothing, I say!  Ironically when I checked in, I somehow checked into the statue out front and not the actual bar.  Ah well, I was a bit cold and ready for some warm food.  I claim hunger distraction as the cause.  Chain or not.  Tourist trap or not.  I don't care, I'd go back again without a second thought.
4 I pass this pub daily. Usually dodging around the persistent small gathering of tourists gathered around the Greyfriar's Bobby statue. I imagine this bar often gets a lot of passing trade from said tourists, and locals alike.  The bar has recently been renovated inside, and the result is a very homely, traditional Scottish pub feel inside. It reminded me immediately of the local village Smiddy pub that my family took me to every Sunday for lunch or dinner (the type that did pate,  steak sandwiches, death-by-chocolate cake. That was my order for a good 12 years). Anyway, I digress. What I mean is, it's homely, it's inviting and not only is it homely, it feels like home. A magic wee trick, where it will both appeal to tourists looking for something very Scottish-y but isn't OTT or a faux-Scottish feel, and instead recreates the cosy Scottish pubs of old.  There is a very large dining area, for a bar. The bar area itself is quite small and I can imagine would get crowded if many people tried to stay here all at once. So I can imagine they'll be looking more for families for dinner, and larger groups, than a large group of mates all meeting for a pint. But that's just fine.   The food menu itself is extensive, and I was immediately intrigued by a Crabbie's Ginger Ale glaze on the chicken. Served with a good helping of skins-still-on chips, it was hearty and filling and good, honest, pub fare. The Thai green curry looked delicious, and I heard the prawn and chorizo salad was very spicy (if a little on the small side compared to the other mains).  If I had my family visiting and in need of a good pub lunch, I wouldn't hesitate to bring them to Greyfriar's. Definitely not a 'tourist trap' or selling out, they've recreated a genuine little pocked of a quieter Scottish lifestyle.
5 We stumbled upon this after wandering thru Greyfriar's Cemetery (from the downhill side) and were pleasantly surprised.  The food we ordered was fantastic - one of us had Beef Rib Pie, one had the Chicken & Mushroom Pie and one had the Cod Fish & Chips. All were more than delicious.  Our waitress was great & took good care of us.  We liked that the bar was separate from the restaurant and that we could hear ourselves talk. Definitely on the "to do" of places to eat.
4 Like many, I had trepidation entering a famous pub and ordering food. However, they have quite good food and the service is great. Try the pork belly.
4 Good food, eclectic, but tasty!  Wild Boar was really good, Fish was also excellent!
4 Awesome food and services. Recommend sausage and mash!
4 Yami~~~ had dinner with my dad and mum~
4 The chicken & mushroom pot pie with veg and fries were delicious and the price was great too; under 9 pounds.
2 The facade and outer appearance promise an atmosphere that Greyfriars Bobby's Bar does not deliver.  The interior is far too bright, the bar relatively small, and the woodwork too new and shiny to generate anything cozy.  The beer selection on tap is rather boring.  This place feels like a chain franchise (ever been to Applebee's in the US?).  There are much better pubs a few steps away on Grassmarket.
4 We did the touristy thing, snapped some photos and entered to find a small, pleasant pub with tasty pies and 1/3 pint sampling flights of ale.  The beef pie and lamb pies were solidly tasty and really good.  Plenty of food is provided so you won't leave hungry.  For a pub, the food prices are slightly above a average but the quality was good.  For a Sunday afternoon meal, we were pleased.  Service was fast, friendly & efficient.  Atmosphere was clean, warm & friendly.    Clientele was mixed, including locals and families.  Give this place a try, I think you'll leave happy.
4 We both ordered the fish and chips, and my god, that was the largest piece of haddock I had ever seen in my life.  And it was fantastic, I completely cleaned my plate.  It's a bit pricey, but you definitely get a lot of food for what you're paying.
4 Slightly pricy for a pub but the food was excellent and the staff super helpful. It was a bummer that they ran out of 2 of the puddings but server very apologetic. Love the story and have been here a few times. Make sure to see the dog statue.
