3 Having missed Bar Kohl for some time now as it is not in the area which I frequent on nights out, a detour led us to the hip hop bar for a few drinks before our night out.  Bar Kohl has a huge range of drinks on offer, as well as a healthy selection of cocktails - and all very nicely priced, which was a pleasent suprise. The atmosphere is fun and staff are friendly, not to mention fast. The bar is full of tables for a group of mates, as well as some dark nooks and crannys for hiding away with one of the many flavoured vodkas.  However, Bar Kohl isnt without its problems - toilets are a bit questionable (wet floors and strange smells), and - without wanting to sound like my father - the music is ear bleedingly loud. Not the type of place I would suggest going to for a deep philospohical conversation.  Having discovered Bar Kohl, its a certaintly that I will be returning - although perhaps only for a few early drinks before moving on to other places.
4 I'm fairly sure if there were a medical condition to describe cocktail addiction, I would have it. For that reason, I am in love with this bar.  As a student you automatically get any cocktail normally up to the value of £7 (pretty much all of them) for £3.50... Winner. And, as my drink of choice is a dirty vodka martini I was pleased to see that, despite my best efforts on several occasions, I couldn't drink them out of olives and Noilly Prat. The whole place has a relaxed vibe to it and yet it's never boring; in fact during the evenings this place attracts a sizeable crowd. When you see how many different spirits, and how many different types of each spirit they have, it's not difficult to see why.  Why did I only give it 4 stars then? They've recently put all the cocktail prices up by 5p so that most of them are now worth £7.05 and thus no longer valid on the snapfax deal (I know that sounds really tight but I am a student at the end of the day). And also the loos... If there's one thing that I never like to see when I go into the Ladies' it's a cold-as-ice aluminium toilet seat. Ever.  It's still by far one of the best bars in the grassmarket area. If you like cocktails even a tiny little bit and you're ever within a ten mile radius of this bar, go.
4 Bar Kohl is definitely one of my favourite bars in Edinburgh, although I am a little disappointed that they've gotten rid of their old cocktail menu. The old menu was so cute and it had little hand drawn cocktails and was all hand written too, it made choosing one of their delicious cocktails even more exciting. Their new menu is just a plain, boring old menu and even though the cocktails are still great, it's taken away some of the charm.   I was here last week and ordered a cocktail called Candy... something, it had sugar syrup, palma violet flavoured vodka and even a squirt of the raspberry sauce you get on ice-cream cones! G-Bot wanted a Mint Julep and I went up to order, there was only one girl serving and she was busy making a few cocktails so I waited for her to finish. She was clearly a perfectionist or possibly just the slowest cocktail maker in the world. She was cutting fruit, shaking various coloured liquids together and even meticulously placing mint leaves in each glass. She was just placing the finished garnish on each drink when another member of staff came over to serve me. I was looking forward to my cocktails getting the same attention after waiting around 15 minutes, unfortunately this guy took a more wham bam approach to his work. Throwing a couple of limes here, a couple there, a squirt of soda water and they were complete.  Although they still tasted pretty good, they weren't as good as the cocktails usually taste here but they were £5 each so pretty reasonable I guess.  As well as cocktails you can also get pub grub in Bar Kohl, they also have special offers such as 2 for 1 on burgers and hot dogs.  The general atmosphere is pretty chilled out, minimalist and modern... even though it's "modern" it somehow feels slightly out-dated, maybe by about 3 years.   Still a great little (actually quite large) bar though - I'm a fan!
4 This bar is spread over two rooms with two bars serving it. There isn't really much of a dancefloor(a bit in the back) but there is plenty of seating area. I liked the hip decour and lists all over the walls of their drinks and shot.  Ok so I will start with the negatives:  The music is way way too loud from opening to closing for a bar which is meant to be more of a lounge rather than a club. And it's primarily hip hop. The crowds on a Friday/Saturday can be very rowdy and the age group can suddenly soar to mid 40s.   Positives: The drink selections. So many to choose from. Not just cocktails but a great variety of shots too! I particularly like the Obama Shot, the absinth minded and the Slumdog Millionaire Cocktail. For those who are into hot stuff, some like it hot shot is for them, (Black peppercorn vodka, tabasco and something else equally hot).  So it's not your sophisticated cocktail bar by any stretch of the imagination, but it sure is a fun place to drink.
4 Do you want to try every flavour of vodka under the sun, while listening to the latest booming R&B beats in a darkened, icy, but oh-so-cool looking environment? Then you've come to the right place.  I always recall getting asked for ID repetitively every time I came to this bar in previous years, while none of my friends ever seemed to get halted at the door, and left to stand rummaging for a provisional driving license in the cold. Now, at the age of 26, I'm still getting ID'd here, but maybe I should just be thankful that someone in the world still thinks I look underage.  All this is a small price to pay for the wondrous glasses and pitchers of cocktails that are prepared inside, and there are so very many to sample, over 100 in fact, with astonishingly close to 400 vodkas to taste on top of this.
4 Bar Kohl has been a mainstay of Edinburgh's pub scene for a fair few years now (perhaps more than ten...) and for good reason; it has a lively buzzy atmosphere, a good central location (which used to be perfect for pre-Liquid Room drinks) and a great selection of drinks.   It could perhaps lay claim to be Edinburgh's first vodka bar and the owners embark on a vodka buying trip every year to ensure they stay one step ahead of the competition. The range of cocktails on offer is as diverse as the clientele inside. Once upon a time they used to serve one called 'Fab' which tasted exactly like the ice lollies of the same name, genius.   Although not immediately apparent from the outside (the windows are opaque and the bar's exterior doesn't give too many clues as to what lies inside), the surroundings are unpretentious and I'd feel equally comfortable in here dressed up to the nines or in my slobby jeans and trainers. This is a great place to start or finish a night out.
5 After a slightly underwhelming recent visit to Bar Kohl, I was tempted to reduce their score to four stars, but since on previous occasions I've found it to be almost faultless, I'll let them away with it, just this once.  Not a loathsome style bar, and not a neighbourhood pub, it lingers in a middleground and is the kind of place that no matter what you're wearing or what age you are, you're unlikely to feel out of place. The mainly hip hop soundtrack does put some people off, but it's one of the only places in Edinburgh, perhaps Scotland that plays music from the genre that falls into neither the crass and shallow "bling bling" bracket, or the backpacker style dirges loved by stoned students.  On my last visit though, I was slightly annoyed to find that the old, hand-drawn cocktail menus had been replaced by something that was more suited to Yates's Wine Lodge, and if I'm being honest, my Drambuie Mint Julep tasted worryingly like an old bit of chewing gum.  Bearing in mind these are the only grievances I've had in many visits here, and the menu gripe in particular, is fairly minor, I'm sure they were just having an off night. Still one of my favourite bars around.
4 I keep hearing people rave about Bar Kohl so I had to try it.  There is a huge selection of drinks, my friend thrust one in my direction that tasted like a Fab Ice lolly. I couldn't tell you what it was called, but it tasted so good I drank it too quickly and ended up repeating this a lot through the night. The next morning was a bit of a nightmare, and the shock when I looked at my bank balance almost knocked me out. But it was a good, fun night so it was worth it. This place is great for a group, although the music is a little questionable.
3 The moody candle lit interior and attractive drinks menu seem to be a consistent hit with punters as I always see a busy Bar Kohl.  They claim a large selection of as they put it 'vodka in the freezer' such as Moskovskaya Limon and Wyborowa. I've never heard of them either but they do taste bloody good.  Music tends to be on more mellow side of hip/hop and house so expect a lounge-esque backtrack. Prices aren't the cheapest either, this is further exacerbated by a complete lack of offers or discounts. For this it gets 3 stars.
3 My previous  review highlighted a lack of offers, this has now been challenged with this bold printout slapped on their notice board (see picture).   Still there's a lack of offers regarding drinks...
4 I agree with Alice, it's not somewhere that I go often but find it really enjoyable when I do go. It's got a great bar and the staff are really friendly, as well as really handsome (well, the men anyway)  It's definitely a good place to come to have a laugh with your friends, it's god a good atmosphere and is always a fun place to be.
4 As someone who doesn't drink (yes, there are people like me!), I don't tend to frequent many bars or clubs.  I have visited Bar Kohl once though, and I felt I should share my experience with this place.  First and foremost, Bar Kohl is a vodka bar.  There is a seemingly endless list of different sorts and flavours of vodka that will satisfy any connoisseur.  I perused their list of mocktails, which is nicely filled for people just like me!  I can't remember exactly what the name was of what I had, but it was very tasty indeed.  The only thing with drinks that are very tasty is that I tend to drink them very fast, meaning that the pleasure of the taste is only momentary.  A J2O is another drink that suffers the same fate.  And Innocent Smoothies for that matter.  Anyway, I mostly enjoyed my time at this bar.  It was reasonably busy, but we managed to find somewhere to sit.  I don't think I can fault them to be honest.  I'll have to go back sometime to see if my experience is any different.
5 I went to Bar Kohl with some mates last Friday night before heading out and we all had an amazing time!  From the outside it looks pretty suave and trendy, but it's certainly not pretensious with friendly, down to earth staff and cool decor.   The main attraction of this place has to be it's great selection of drinks on offer.  Girls definitely love the cocktails which are surprisingly well priced as with the rest of their drinks.   We started off with a few pints of Fruli which is a delicious strawberry flavoured beer.  These were followed by shots of apple flavoured vodka which tasted brilliant.   We all had a great time due to the friendly staff, lively crowd it attracts and pleasant ambiance.
5 This is one of the best affordable cocktail bars in Edinburgh. Yes, there are better ones on George Street and the like, but they are so much more expensive and really pretentious. Bar Kohl is not like this, it looks like a modern pub / bar on the inside and has a cool atmosphere. They do have a projector that sometimes shows the football, but this is not a major feature.  It sells itself by being one of the only cocktail bars in this part of town. And the cocktails are great. There is a pretty big menu of all different types, martinis, mojitos, cosmos, white russians, long island iced teas etc and they all taste amazing. Well to be honest I have not tried all of them but have made solid headway through the menu. The best is the raspberry mule, which is basically a Moscow mule with raspberry juice and fresh raspberries in which is awesome.  The best part is the price; any cocktail under £7 is reduced to £3.50 with a Snapfax, making it one of the cheapest cocktail bars around. They also do a wide selection of shooters, but at about £4 each these are a bit steeper. Definitely a good place to go if you are looking for somewhere different from the standard touristy pubs that adorn the Royal Mile.
4 Bar Kohl is all about cocktails and indeed they make very good cocktails here.  Not only that, but there is a vast range of cocktails on offer so onlyu those with a superior knowledge of cocktails are going to recognise the majority of those on offer.  Thankfully, a list of specials is placed on the wall and indeed those without much preference might find this a good place to start.  You rarely find much of a crowd in here and it's always fairly quiet, but this is due to the natrue of their trade; you don't spend an hour sipping away at the drinks here - it's more a down the hatch job and soon you'll be on your way.  This does, however, make it a must have on any pub crawl and well worth a visit.
4 I went to this bar with a couple of friends when we had an hour or so to kill between shows at the Fringe and we needed a break from the Pleasance Courtyard and it's hot dogs.  We were staying in a hostel so felt the need to sit somewhere a little more pleasant for the hour so we settled upon this lovely looking place.  Had we been in for the night we would've sampled the gorgeous array of cocktails that were on offer but instead we just went for the wine to tide us over which was very good indeed.  The menu is fairly limited but the food was good. My two friends had the chicken Caesar salad which they both enjoyed although they were both a little confused by the inclusion of boiled eggs. I had the spicy chicken burger which I can highly recommend. A massive breast of chicken that was gorgeously spicy and came with near perfect chips.  The service was a little slow which can't be blamed on the volume of people as were the only people at the bar. They also got my order wrong at first but were quick to rectify the mistake.  Overall it was a lovely bar and somewhere a bit different to the usual pubs and outdoor courtyards on offer during the Fringe.
4 It might just be that I'm too old for this place.  I've been coming to Bar Kohl for oh...15 years or so.  They used to have a more extensive list of flavored vodkas but the ones that remain are still delicious and unusual.  The space has tripled in size since I was there last and lost some of its coziness so for that it loses a star.
3 I hate to sit on the fence. Not least because it's pointy and uncomfortable, but wishy-washy is not normally my style. And it's not that I'm being wishy-washy with my three stars. It's more that it's half-yey and half-hmmm.  Steven B (West Coast yelper, yo') and I stopped by here for some pre-show munch in the form of burgers. The show was in Teviot and we wanted somewhere close by. In the midst of Festival madness, I'd read that Bar Kohl is often quiet and is actually really big inside despite its somewhat small space on George IV bridge.   I also read that it does vodka. A lot of vodka. But hardly any Yelp reviews mentioned the food - what's with that people?! So here is my flip-side review in which no alcohol was partook of but the burgers sure were.  They've got a pretty good burger menu. Most pubs'll do a beef burger, a veggie burger and occasionally a rogue chicken burger. I think they had about 4 different types of beef burgers, a lamb burger, veggie burger and 'The Cougar' - the chicken burger which I opted for.  Now, the YEY comes in with The Cougar (I had it Cajun style, added jalapeños). It was literally a whole, huge chicken breast in delicious cajun spices. It was so juicy, and tender, and spicy, and really all I could ask for in a chicken-breast burger. The jalapeños in particular deserve a special shout out as they were SPICY. I know right? Most places I got I can't even taste the jalapeños which makes me think they're old. These certainly had a kick.  It came presented on a wooden tray (wooden trays with food are so hot right now. Seriously, everywhere is doing it). A nice freshly baked sesame bun, not store-bought methinks. A wee pot of coleslaw and a larger pot of fries.  I usually don't eat my chips as bread and meat does me fine, add in potatoes and I'm in a food coma. I tried one or two but was glad I don't normally eat the chips as they were very pale, and hardly been cooked at all. They werent BAD, or still actually frozen, but they were luke-warm and jst a bit 'meh'.  Steven B tells me his beef burger was good. He went for the plain ol' standard beef burger. The lettuce and tomato was there, check. Nice bun. Check. But from what I could see his beef burger was about half the size of my chicken breast burger. It was really quite thin. It says on the menu quarter-pounders and that they're home-made but side-by-side it just looked a bit paltry. He was the one eating it, not me, and he didnt complain.  However, knowing that when I go for burgers with other folk and I always get chicken burgers, they often get beef. And I know they'd be disappointed with the size of that burger. And therein, good people of yelp, lies the problem and the 50/50 scenario. AWESOME chicken burger, teeny-tiny beef burger. But as I said, he ate it all and enjoyed it. I just know I would have had food envy of the one that I got *smug look*  I will be back to try the huge range of vodka. And that does look pretty special. This review is for the food alone, and like I said whilst one half was amazing the other half was a bit meh which leaves me sitting on this rather awkward fence.
3 How best to summarise my recent visit to Bar Kohl with the Queen of Edinburgh that is Jenny L? It goes a little something ah like ah this..  First impression: Looks lovely, both from the outside and the warm cosy interior which, as has been mentioned succinctly elsewhere, is much bigger than one might have expected.  Our M.O. was for food, with drinks being an afterthought - not the other way around as was the impression I was getting from both the previous reviews and all the menus and scribblings on the walls from this place who were boasting their range of vodkas and cocktails but saying nothing about the food.  And so, I believe this place to be one of those places where the food is the afterthought. That's not to say the food wasn't good, because it was, with Jenny's chicken burger looking, smelling and I have been assured tasting dynamite. My ol' classic burger with lettuce and tomato was really nice in a crispy bun with a pot of fries and coleslaw on one of those funky wee wooden slabs you see in a lot of meaty joints nowadays. Felt like I got my moneys worth but the burger was a skinny McBurger type affair. Sigh.  I would go back to try the drinks, the special effects of this place in an Avatar analogy where the food is very much the plot.  I was delighted to get my pint of Kopparberg in an actual pint glass that read 'Kopparberg'. That doesn't actually happen very often..
1 What the ...?  First I have to say that I'm aware that I'm going against the grain here, with my one star review, but despite raving reviews I had a markedly different experience. So please, bear with me and read the below.  Right. I went here on a Thursday night with a group of people from what is called the cocktail society. Surprisingly I did not have a cocktail, which apparently is what the bar is known for, because I figured if I did, I'd end up falling off my chair instead of sitting neatly upright on it.   Now me and my friend both decided to have a glass of wine and get this, they made the ultimate wine faux pas. Firstly, my glass of wine suddenly went from 3.75 on the menu to 4.20 in person. I asked several times if they'd given me the correct one, even pointing out the different price in the menu, but to no avail, the price was 4.20. Okay, well, that can happen.  But guess what happened next? They use cocktail measuring cups to measure out the wine for a small or medium sized glass. I guess it's fairer that way, but it sure looks a little .. sleazy. Yes, I said it. I don't want my wine in a metal cocktail measuring cup before drinking it. I'm sure that doesn't help the flavour.  They measured mine (a red) out first, and then .. oh then, the ultimate, deadly faux pas of winery: they poured my friend's white into the exact same measuring cup used to measure the red, without washing it first. That's right, no washing, nothing. We just looked at each other and sighed. This was going to be a special night.  After that I asked for a jug of water, the waiter confirmed by asking if we'd like a jug -yes we would please- and brought us two glasses instead.  Three strikes and you're out. Come on, you can't measure out wine in cocktail measuring cups that are unwashed. Gross.  I'd give this a miss.    P.s. Of course it is entirely possible that the person behind the bar was new, and made some mistakes because of it. However, if that's the case he should've been supervised to make sure the quality of the drinks was not affected!
5 Admittedly, what first caught my attention of this place was its name, because of it's similarity to my own name. The BF and I originally planned to just have a late night drink here while on holiday in Edinburgh, but after not being able to get in at a restaurant across the street on a Saturday night, we decided to eat dinner here as well. The space is very attractive inside and lit by candlelight at night. One half is primarily just a bar and open space, and the other half has tables and chairs for dining, with free w-fi available throughout (just ask the bartender for the code). It's set up like a traditional British Pub where you order your food at the bar and give them the table number you're sitting at, but service is still timely and friendly.  Much of the menu looked appetizing, and the prices seemed more than reasonable. We decided to get a couple different pasta dishes to share: Their menu has changed a bit from the menu currently listed on their website, but one was a chicken pesto pasta and the other a spicy andouille sausage pasta with peppers. Both were good, but the sausage one was one of the best dishes I ate during our entire holiday. It was so full of flavor because the meat was extremely plentiful. If you're not much of a pasta lover, they do offer a good selection of burgers (including chicken, lamb and veggie varieties), and all burgers and main dishes are 2-for-1 Sunday thru Thursday!!    Now on to the drinks... Bar Kohl is the original vodka bar of Edinburgh. They have over 50 different flavors as they've gotten quite creative with their Absolut infusions. We opted to get a pitcher of FAB, which is one of their specialty mixes consisting of strawberry infused Absolut, Stoli Razberi, Havana Club rum, Blue Curaçao, Midori, grenadine, blackcurrant and milk. It was AMAZING!! If we didn't have late night plans, I could've stayed at Bar Kohl all night trying different concoctions from their flavorful well!
3 Okay, so I know that I've just written my review of  Bar Kohl and was not that impressed, but I need to adjust my view of this place.  I was here last Friday, on the Friday before Halloween that is, and it was a regular party. There were a lot of groups of the young, hot and presumably, single, milling about having a good time, and the music was spot on (pop, hiphop, R 'n B).  Perhaps it was the vibe that was different on a weekend, maybe the Tequila shots that went down oh so smooth, but I liked it, I like it a lot.  Yes, the bartenders were a bit clumsy and didn't seem to know what a proper Tequila shot is about (with salt, and lime please) but still, the place looked very hip and dashing and most importantly: I had an absolute blast, though that may have been the company. ;)  I'd say, go see for yourself!
4 Hmmm, I have a sneaky suspicion that someone's been reading their reviews online!  When I last wrote about Bar Kohl I got into a major hissy fit because the bartender poured red win into a cylinder to measure out the glass, and then without washing said metal cylinder, poured white into it. This was not at all A-Ok to me or my girl-date (stole that one from Jen L. ha!).  Having been back twice in the past week (end of the semester, don't judge), I have been pleasantly surprised. Not only did they wash every single glass and utensil that was used in the bar, they were extraordinarily meticulous about measurements, tasting cocktails and making sure flavours where spot on. Needless to say, I really really enjoyed the cocktails, and judging by the state of them, so did the girls.  One tiny mishap, one bartender tasted the cocktail (it was the same one with the cylinder a few weeks ago) decided he didn't like the taste, then used the same straw that he'd just stuck into his mouth to taste the cocktail again. Bad move.  Bar Kohl, work at it, you're getting there, but for the love of the holy spaghetti monster, PLEASE tell your bartenders to keep their saliva out of my drinks.   Ta, Lou
5 went in here for a spot of lunch on Sunday with the family after a swim to satisfy a hunger for burgers! was really impressed all round..the environment is one of a NYC burger joint/diner & is is cool place to hang...it has a ware-housey feel on the one side & a cosy bar feel on the other.       2 for 1 on main meals with 2 full-priced drinks bought is a great deal - we had 2 of the tasty burgers from the burger menu but had trouble deciding as they all looked good. The rest of the menu is good too -  have sampled the chicken caesar & club sandwich before & they were both really tasty. Burgers come served on a wood serving board with coleslaw, fries & relish & the homemade patties are big enough & filling.     It's a child-friendly environment (in the daytime) which is a big deciding factor on where we lunch - we sat through the back in the big open area with seats & our 2 yr old was happy having a wee wander & play in the corners..the staff were laid back about having kids with us (we also had our 7 week-old baby in a car seat - no problems). Good music, good ambiance, friendly service & a simple, tasty menu.   I'd also like to point out that this place is well-known for it's vast range of vodka's & cocktails but on this occasion we kept it simple with a pint of Tennents & a glass of house red.
4 Solid burgers here. Perhaps not a pinnacle of medium rare glory, but the taste is right and portions are filling. I'd opt for the sweet chili sauce as an extra topping; it combines with the default sauce in weird and interesting ways!
4 Bar Kohl is a spirit bar, there is a massive range of tasty alcohol goodness, yet a surprising number of male twenty-somethings come here and drink pints of generic lager... I tend to take a more "when in rome" approach and happily drink random purple/blue/pink concoction be it in a cocktail glass or pitcher rather than a pint of beer or cider.  What I am really trying to say is Bar Kohl is a guilty pleasure, it is ok to drink ridiculous things here (and some of the shooters on offer really are) and just have a laugh. For a mixed group Bar Kohl is ideal, I just don't understand why a lot of the lads don't join in the fun!
3 I came here last night with the Italian society at the University of Edinburgh. We get a 50% discount off food and cocktails from Monday-Thursday, which makes the drink prices here reasonable, and the food prices very good!  I am yet to have a burger here, though I have heard amazing things about these burgers, the vegetarian ones included. Last night I didn't want anything to drink but I shared some chips with friends. They served us a couple of bowls of thin American style fries, and a couple of bowls of the more substantial variety... I like the latter! They were thick, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. They were served on wooden trays, which as Jenny.L mentioned seems to be very hot right now.  On the table there was ketchup, mustard, vinegar and mayonnaise. I was with a bunch of Italians who didn't want to put vinegar on the chips, bad times... They were decent chips anyway, and didn't cost too much.  The drinks are very hit and miss. I got an amazing gin and tonic here once, which was made using hendricks gin and a slice of cucumber, with just enough ice. I do feel however that often the staff put way too much ice in the cocktails, which dilutes the flavour. I had a 'caiprinha' here last time, and was so disappointed. In Brazil, and even in British cocktail bars which know how to do it right, this cocktail is sweet, rich, there is a definite taste of lime, and a hit of cachuaca (rum like sugar cane drink). Unfortunately here the ice made the drink taste of very little, and it was gone in a few seconds. I have tasted a few drinks my friends have bought, and it seems to be a common trend. The bramble tastes more like cucumber than anything else, whereas some of the more fruity drinks just taste like watered down fruit juice.  They could do some much better than this! They have some wonderful ingredients, the cocktails look fantastic and the space is really lovely. Please use less ice and concentrate more on the potentially wonderful flavours!
4 Many moons ago, in a former life when I worked around the corner, I was a frequent visitor to Bar Kohl: its character, decor and some of its vodkas a welcome sanctuary at the end of a day. Sadly those days are no more, so it's rare that I call in now. Thankfully the old strengths remain: this is a busy, attractive and welcoming place, with knowledgeable staff and plenty of style.  The vodka is important in a place that has built its reputation on offering the best selection in town. I'm no expert on the matter, mainly restricting myself to the occasional bottle picked up at duty free, but Bar Kohl follows up on its promise to offer just the right tipple for every mood. They infuse plenty of their own, as well as stocking the newest creations from Absolut, Stoli and others. From time to time there'll be Marmite, bacon, apple, tea, mango, chilli and more, some 40 varieties at any given time. Add to that the changing menu of shooters and cocktails and you can picture the cornucopia of distilled treats ready and waiting for adventurous patrons.
4 Really great burgers... Make their own flavoured vodka! Good Snapfax deals too.
4 I returned here for lunch yesterday with some friends, armed with a snap fax.  The 50% discount made the meal really cheap,my friends paid around £3.50 for their burgers with chips, I paid £1.75 for my sweet potato chips (cannot eat gluten). This discount makes the prices extremely reasonable.  The sweet potato chips were a little overcooked, but tasted pretty good and came with a huge dollop of sour cream. The burgers from 3 thumbs up. One friend got 'the ultimate kohl', a double layer burger with pretty much everything. Another went for the fajita burger, whilst my boyfriend opted for the falafel burger. Each came with a small portion of chips and some coleslaw, everything on the same trendy looking wooden board which Jenny mentioned. Everyone said the burgers were amazing, and they looked it. The rolls looked fresh, the fillings generous. The portion of chips seemed more of a token though, and I can imagine some people wanting more.   If I could I would give bar kohl 3.5 stars, as I feel that whilst the quality of the food is good, it might not be worth the full price. I would say the same too about the cocktails.
3 I find the food in Bar Kohl usually very good, although I find it annoying that burgers are presented on wooden boards which I am not sure whether they are 100% hygenic. The vegetarian options (falafel and yam burger) always make me feel as if I am missing out. I wish there were more vegetarian-type burgers. However, the nachos are extremely well-made and I would reccomend any nachos-addict to go for those as they can't possibly be disappointing. I find the prices were too high (unless one has a snapfax, in which case they are just as they should be). At night, this place is really popular for cocktails, but I find them to be over-priced considering that they can be drunk in a single sip...being the glasses totally stuffed with ice. I would reccomend it mainly for the meals (except for the prices, they are truly good and well-made).
5 You know when you get nachos. Let's say beef chilli nachos, although this example also works with regular cheese-only nachos. And you're happily tucking into the nachos, and there's this delicious layer of beef chilli and cheese as you start eating, and it's so good. Then you finish the first layer and underneat the tortilla chips are all dry, cold and lacking any cheese. And it makes you sad.  Well this didn't happen at Bar Kohl. I ordered the beef chilli nachos and a huge plate with a very generous serving of home made beef chilli appeared. And as I dug in and pulled out nacho after nacho to dip in the guacamole, each nacho chip was covered in cheese. Not overly so, we're talking grease-overload here. But they had layered all the nachos with cheese. This may seem a very small detail, but it is one that greatly changes the enjoyment factor of a whole bowl of beef chilli nachos.  And this is only one example that highlights just how awesome Bar Kohl is. Need I mention the burgers? The 26 different types of burgers? The Cajun Cougar chicken burger. The falafel burger. The sweet potato fry options.   Oh and what about the extensive cocktail menu list? The caiprinha, followed by a Cucumber Bramble followed by the berry caipirinha.  And is this bar, with all its amazing food and cocktails, new to the Edinburgh eating and dining scene. It's certainly very fresh.  But it's not quite a new kid on the block. It's celebrating it's 20th year as Edinburgh first vodka bar. Oh right, because I forgot to mention they have 54 types of flavoured vodka, with all sorts of brands, and some flavoured in house (like the Marmite vodka, or bacon vodka, or skittles vodka).  Try a Bloody Mary with Stoli Chili vodka. Try the beef chilli nachos. Try a Martini (they chill the glasses first, as another Yelper noticed on the night I was there). Try anything, and you'll be happy.   They pretty much only play hip hop too, which is pretty rare for a bar in Edinburgh. They've been doing this for 20 years; they have the expreeince of knowing how to do damned good burgers, nachos, cocktails nad vodka, but still keep it minty fresh.  Yep, I like Bar Kohl a lot.
4 Bar Kohl had me from the get go - after the last time we visited I couldn't wait to get stuck in to the vodka and cocktails on offer.  I devoured two Stoli Chili Bloody Mary's in a row - yeah * insert big satisfying sigh* I had some great time with my Dutch Courage Cocktail (with cherry flavours and Jenever (Dutch Gin)- so good I took  two of those as well. And after some awesome chips I took a double Black Tea Flavoured vodka on ice.. .. Taxi!
4 The first time I went to Bar Kohl, I burned my lips on chilli vodka I had been duped into trying. This visit, I was more cautious and perused the cocktail list carefully.  We were here to celebrate Yelp Edinburgh's silver medal in the year of Yelp challenge. Ok, we came 2nd but that is silver medal status and it was only right we celebrated! I've had an expensive week with some luxury living so I was over joyed to see that the little used Snapfax, that resides permanently in my purse, was valid for a 50% discount on food. It was even better that one Snapfax was valid for 4 diners, so the two between our table of 8 section meant we could share the Snapfax love.   I struggled to decide what kind of burger I wanted. The list is extensive with beef burgers, chicken burgers, falafel and veggie burgers, all with different combinations and toppings. As standard, burgers come with chips but pay £1 extra and you can swap chips for sweet potato fries.  My burger was awesome. Really tasty (and beef), as I had went with the El Clasico (burger, topped with chorizo, lettuce, tomato and salsa) with no bun and sweet potato wedges. Not quite burned lips this time but the sweet potato wedges (or rather cubs) appeared to have been dusted with cayenne pepper so there was a bit of heat there. It was great and a bargain dinner given the 50% discount on offer. My cocktail was lovely too - an Applefizz I think it was (raspberry vodka with apple juice) though there were bits of raspberry seeds at the bottom and they started to annoy me as I got closer to finishing it. A coke helped remove the heat and I paid a bargain £11 for a burger and sweet potato, cocktail and coke. A cheap night out which I will be repeating as food money saved = more drink money to spend. Result.
4 Buuuurgers...  Colin and I were in Edinburgh yesterday for a wee day trip and we decided to head in here for some burgers because I'd read all the fabulous reviews from Edinburgh yelpers about how much they loved it when Jenny arranged an event here. Sounds as good a reason as any to come in!  It was painfully quiet to start with, with only one other couple being there and then the bartender, but that didn't particularly bother us. I ordered the strawberry and lime Rekorderlig (which they have on tap?! When did this become a thing?!) and Colin, as he was driving back to Fife for a meeting, had a coke. Then our decision came. The menu revealed an impressive selection of loads of tasty looking burgers. As it was my first time, I needed something solid for tasting purposes. The Kohl Burger it was! Cheese, bacon, BBQ sauce and mayo. Home made mayo I think! Colin went for the daily special which I think was chicken & a beef patty, with an assortment of things.   The burgers came out within 10/15 minutes and were delicious! I have definitely had better elsewhere, they were ever so slightly dry, but I thoroughly enjoyed it nonetheless. I'll definitely be back to try the selection of others (and their massive selection of weird and wonderful vodkas!)
4 I went here a few months ago for a Yelp Night as a plus one with a friend and forgot to write up how good I thought the place was. Their knowledge of Vodka is superb and the food was fab and well needed at that point! I couldn't stop raving about the Coleslaw of all things and feel like making a return when I think about it! Although I live a way away from Bar Kohl I'll be back for sure with my other half when we get a babysitter in :) Top marks!
1 Way too much money for cocktails made by a non-pro bartender. Mai Tai is made of 90% ice. Tastes like iced water with a small shot of rum. The Beach Club is made of mashed cheap canned fruits without adding sugar to get out the aroma.  The same here, tastes like iced water without any alcohol but added cheap non-tasty syrups. Never come back!
4 Recommended for burgers, cocktails and shots !   As far as i know Bar Kohl is the only place in edinburgh i know of that do this many shots! lots of flavours and lots of strenghts..... The Hammertime is particularly vicious/ amazing ...depending on how you view absenthe!...my friend tried one and well it nearly blew his head off, he said it was awesome...ill take his word for it The burgers always look great and cocktails are pretty resonably pirced too!  Good location and friendly staff   So Yay Im a fan :)
4 Burgers and cocktails, what more could you want?  So I've been coming here for a year now, mostly with Edinburgh University Italian Society. We were given discount cards for half price food and reduced cocktails, which have been used a lot!  I've always had good experiences here, but I'm going to review my dinner there last night. I was just out of work and totally goosed so my fiancé and I decided it would be a good (and lazy option) to pop in for a burger on the way home. We hadn't been since July since the discount card was not valid during August, but fortunately it works again now. We would still pay the full prices but we certainly wouldn't go as often. Paying only £4 for a burger and less that £5 for cocktails are just too good deals to miss.  I opted for the New Jersey burger which had delicious fried chicken, mozzarella, salad and sauces. It was so delicious. The chicken was just good old fashioned fried chicken in a lovely batter. My fiancé had a Chicago with beef, pickles, salad and sauces. It was tasty and moist, but not quite as good as my chicken burger. Both came in a seeded bun that was fresh and toasted on the inside, just how I like them. We got them with a portion of handcut chips and a portion of sweet potato chips which has a yummy cajun seasoning on them, very scrummy. Our complaint last time was that the coleslaw appeared to be not homemade, but this time it appeared to be. It was much nicer and had more to it that just carrot, cabbage and mayo.  My cocktail (Edinburgh Collins) was amazing. Not too alcoholic, not watered down and with lots and lots of raspberries. His pint of Estrella was a standard pint of Estrella, not much to say about it really!  Overall, we had a lovely cheap dinner. The reasons I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 are that, for one, the decor is okay but it can be really dark and the tables and chairs have all seen better days, you have to be careful not to nudge them the wrong way and send your cocktails flying. And, as I've said, the food is good but not everything I've had has been as delicious as the New Jersey so not all deserve 5. But I would definitely say go and give it a try. I can't see how you would be very disappointed at all.
5 This place is brilliant.  For a night out definitely come here first.  I tend to buy a couple of pitchers, highly recommend the fruit salad one and the Fab Ice Lolly one. Its just something totally different and a pitcher to 2 people is enough to get you a little tipsy.   Prices are a little expensive as pitchers start at £18 but definitely worth it.  Shots are around £3 but who could say no to a bubblegum or birthday cake flavored shot!!!   Expensive but enjoyable. I'm pretty sure their food isn't so great however. I vaguely remember inquiring and they told me it was frozen, microwave food. I have not tried it though so no comment as of yet.
3 I've been here more times than I can count (it's a good location and does snapfax- student essentials) but I'm frequently underwhelmed by it.  I mean, there's nothing wrong with it as such, and it's not bad, it's just (for me) not special either.
3 I was really impressed with Bar Kohl - a kind of neighbourhood bar that's ultra relaxed, super chilled and an enjoyable place to hang out and relax in!   We were looking for a place that could keep everyone in our group of 6 happy - some wanted cocktails, some craft beers and obviously some decent soft drinks.   Me being the beer geek - I was covered with 2 different craft taps from dogfish head and the always decent 'Joker beer' - there were also some good cans on offer mainly from Brooklyn brewery.   The guys on cocktails seem to enjoy themselves. I'd happily go back for another few beers here!
