4 Veggie haggis?!?!?!  But oh so glad that I dared, it was really, really good!  This cafe is situated right off of Princes Street, complete with stone face exterior and is cozy inside.  Granted, the cups of coffee are tiny, but the breakfast special can't be beat.    I visited a couple of years ago, and the breakfast was priced well for a full Scottish breakfast, with choice of standard haggis, or veggie haggis.   The veggie version was fantabulous!  Spices of bergamont and lavender permeated through this soy based scoop of tastiness, I would love to go back to Edinburgh (again, I do love this city), and stop by here again for breakfast.  Tasty, tasty!
4 Among the cobblestones and stonework of Old Town Edinburgh, the Southern Cross Cafe offers a more modern interior, while still serving traditional classics. Make the hike up the narrow Fleshmarket Close to Cockburn Street from Market Street below, and sit down for your morning coffee.   My friend and I were in for breakfast, and they have many well priced options. I was naturally drawn to the full Scottish breakfast, but then indulged in the Double Belter, which was the same thing, just more prodigious. Two eggs, sausage, bacon, potatoes, mushrooms, beans, tomato - the works. And with coffee, it only ran me about £9. My companion had a more modest egg sandwich, which looked delightful. The Southern Cross is highly recommended.
4 The Southern Cross cafe is a contemporary eaterie where you can get everything from panini's to haggis as a main!   I must say, my eyes almost popped out my head when I saw the price of said panini's - some of them were over a fiver! But they looked tasty, were well made and this seems to be the standard charge for any food business near the Royal Mile.  There's quite a lot of space to stretch out inside, and I like the shape of the restaurant since it's windy, abstract and off kilter. There are some intimate tables tucked away in cosy corners and enough space for a sneaky bit of people watching towards the front door.  As for the food, it ranges from Italian pasta options to Mediterranean fillings for sandwiches. As well as fulfilling your quota of carby goodness, there are also haggis options, including an appetizer pot for £3.50! This is great for the adventurous tourist or the Scottish fan of this spicy snack.  So although I almost grudged paying £2.40 for a hot chocolate, I was too swayed by the quality of this lovely little den to care about the cost.
4 The first cafe I ever went to - and I am still coming back, even to this day.  If that isnt enough detail for you, let me explain.  The food is excellent - and, more importantly, there is a huge selection. Yes, the prices are a bit on the steep side, but what do you expect from a place so close to the royal mile?  My favourate thing has to be the outside seating however, there is nothing better than sitting outside with a coffee, a tuna melt panini (in my opinion the best they do here) and watching the world go by.   Splended.
4 Limited choices for breakfast, but that's okay because what they had was what I wanted. I was tempted to go for the Scottish Breakfast or the Big Belter, but my brain overruled as I had a busy day ahead. I settled for the Croque Madame, which was kind of like two pressed ham and cheese sandwiches with a fried egg on top. Not too much fat and plenty of energy for a walking tour of Edinburgh. Delicious.  I was going to have just the one cup of coffee but ended up having a second because it was just that good. For two large coffees and the sandwich, still less than £10.  Free wi-fi was easy to access, after I got the password from the staff.
4 Being linked to a backpackers hostel, you'd expect this place to be a bit shabby round the edges, serving cheap food to hungry tourists you want to spend as little as possible.  You'd be wrong.  I'd say it's somewhere between a café and a bistro, as it's licensed to serve alcohol and it's open until around midnight. And the quality's so much higher than you'd expect - both the service and the actual food itself. I went with a friend recently, and we managed to nab ourselves one of the half dozen or so outdoor tables which meant we had prime people-watching range all over Cockburn Street and the adjacent Hunter Square.  We only had coffees, but the food menu did have some tasty-looking things on it that caught my eye, and I'll be heading back here soon for a spot of lunch to give it a whirl. It's never going to win any awards for offering the best value for money of all the eateries in Edinburgh, but don't let that put you off.
3 Not exactly sure what's going on here.  While the food and service were decent (not great), I was kind of expecting a bargain given its hostel roots.  Alas... I opted for a latte, the Croque Madame and an order of pancakes thinking that would fill my belly nicely.  You've heard of silver dollar pancakes?  These were more like 50¢ pancakes.  Of course they COST £3.95, which at current exchange rates come out to about $7.  For three TINY pancakes.  And I guess I'm still learning the ins and outs of food here in the UK -- the syrup was (I think) just honey, and not enough to cover three JFK's worth of batter.  Oh well -- the servers were friendly and the place was hopping for an early morning, I'd just rather not drop £10 for a very average breakfast.  Call me cheap, or maybe just American...
4 Came here for breakfast because if you stay at Edinburgh Backpackers you get a discount and it was well worth it. Just under 4 pounds for a full breakfast with vegetarian haggis (made of lentils, I think they only call it haggis because it looks the same) that was delicious. I was told it was better than the real haggis my friend tried the night before. Really cute interior and I would definitely have come back for lunch if I was staying in Edinburgh longer, especially to try the soup special they had that day--spicy carrot!
4 Nice cafe with great food. The coffee is "normal" (nothing special) and the staff is a little bit confused ;) But I would visit it again!
4 Coffee.  I. Need.  Coffee.  That's why I stopped in.  Sure I could've walked a little further to the Starbucks at the top of the road, but this place caught my eye.  Inside is really nice and the staff were really friendly, but not in the "it is too early in the morning to every be that peppy" sort of friendly.  They let you add your own milk to your coffee and I ended up getting a massive brownie to take away, you know, for a little snack later.  The brownie was delicious ;)
4 Oh Edinburough, how much I miss you.   I stopped in here after a long day of walking and needed a coffee... and a chair. This place was definitely satisfying. Months later, I'm still remember my meal. Crazy? No, because I will never forget how tired I was, and how much I needed a good meal.   I ordered the spicy wrap (don't remember the name) but it was delicious. Nice chicken, sauce, and greens wrapped together in an orange tortilla. The real hit was the soy latte that was made to fit in a water cup, and decorated with coffee art. Cool? Yes! It was delish.  I sat at the bar looking out onto the downward spiraling street. I sat maybe for an hour and a half and journaled before heading back to my hostel. Just what I needed. Sounds relaxing doesn't it?   Lovely stop. I would totally recommend coming here for a quick bite. The menu is big enough to accommodate just about any diet.   SX!
3 How did I even end up here!?!?! I have not got a clue, but I sat for a good hour or so and thought it was perfectly average.......  The selection is much what I expected, soup, all day breakfasts, paninis, burgers, scampi and such like! I ended up having a coffee and taking advantage of the free wifi. Coffee was alright, not the worst I have had, but not the best.  I then decided to have the very tempting sounding Sweet Potato and Chorizo soup. What a let down it was. I do not know if it is a Scottish thing, or an Islander thing but I want to be able to stick wallpaper up with my soup! This was a very orange looking dishwater. It did not taste of much..... and more to the point no chunks of sweet potato.... or chorizo!?!?! I ate it all but was not very satisfied at all.   So basically I would maybe go back, but might avoid the soup next time just incase!
4 Perfect for hanging out and wasting time with free wifi. Solid coffee, but only average food. I wouldn't necessarily seek this place out at lunch, but if I'm heading in or out of Edinburgh it's a great place to set up shop for a few hours.
5 I give this place 5 stars based only on their perfectly perfect Eggs Benedict and their flat white coffee. Both are so good that it's all I ever have when I go  there.
4 I'm clearly not around the Royal Mile and Cockburn Street enough as I had never noticed this cafe before! Myself and a friend went in to escape the bitterly cold weather. We were shown to a table in the back as we wanted to be as far away from the door and the cold as possible. I just had a scone and hot chocolate which were fine, but my friend had quesadillas which looked really appetising and she said it tasted really good. I think I'll need to go back to try out some other food on the menu.
5 My lunch was exactly what my encroaching cold craved. Thank you so much for the delicious big bowl of parsnip soup and the brie pannini on bread that was fresh rustic perfection!
3 Southern Cross is the first place I think of for a quickish lunch with a friend before they have to catch the train. Just a little less than halfway down Cockburn Street, which winds colourfully toward the Market Street entrance to the station, it's ideally located and, inside, bigger than it looks.  I've been here a couple of times; on this most recent visit, I opted for the smoked salmon toast with cream cheese. It was really good, but - and I can't believe this is actually a criticism! - too much salmon. I are well over three quarters of it but by the time the toast and cheese were all gone, it began to be a little sickly just downing the salmon.  They have lots of cakes and things which (amazingly) I've not tried yet, but they look good. Be aware that they also will not split a bill for you. That seems totally weird to me; I understand it during the high visitor volumes of August since it can slow proceedings but on a regular day I don't see why they'd simply refuse...  Service is also variable. The first time I came, I had a delightfully charming young man who admired my brooch. This most recent time, the young lady was civil, but slightly curt. Nonetheless, the three of us got fed amply and had a drink each, and the bill came to £26, which really isn't bad in the Mile area.
4 Lovely place to sit down for some coffee with a tart. The lemon tart is to die for. I've heard the lunch is pretty decent as well. The service is pretty good as well.
5 Probably my most favourite cafe in Edinburgh. Chicken strips are awesome!
