4 Knowledgable staff, well kept ales from all over the country with a regular turn over of guests (the Wiltshire Pigswill I had a few of this week was a very welcome addition to the ones I've tried in my time).    No chance of the place ever getting any larger so at times it can be a chore to pass through the crowd, let alone get served - if you plan a long visit you have to decide whether to sit close to the bar at the front or close to the toilets at the rear and then stick by your decision.    Winner of the Best Whisky Pub in Edinburgh 2007 (or some award along those lines) so I think that speaks more eloquently of its abilities in that area of the business than I can.
1 Good beer good whisky. A pity the staff have no sense of fun and let down edinburgh in it's cultural approach by treating fun loving visitors with no respect.
4 The Bow Bar is a charming traditional pub on Victoria Street and is one of my favourite Edinburgh drinking dens. The interior is Victorian in style and features the obligatory dark wooden bar, seats and tables. It has a large and varied whisky list and all Scotland's whisky making regions are well represented. There is also a good selection of real ales and, wisely, this is one of the few pubs around here which doesn't allow stag parties to pass over the threshold (an important consideration when drinking near the Grassmarket). If you're having dinner at Howies or The Grain Store (both are just over the road), then this is the perfect place to come for an aperitif while you're waiting for your table.
4 In a world where bars are becoming fashion icons in themselves, the Bow Bar is a refreshingly olde worlde pub which will remind you of the ways drinking used to be.  Most certainly 'no -frills' the Bow Bar is what I would call an 'Old Man' pub - dark wood, leather and whispering broken only by the sound of pints being pulled or water being added to one of the nearly 150 different types of whiskey for sale.  That said, the customers are from a wide range - tourists who have stumbled in from the busy shopping areas outside, students who are nursing hangovers and those all important regulars.  Despite being nervous when entering, me and my two friends (who were expecting stares and grumbles) left some hours later having been comfortable and relaxed in the Bow Bar.
4 Some old pubs just look exactly that, tired, old, and a bit rusty round the edges, and in need of a good lick of paint. Bow Bar, thankfully, is not one of these places, as it does its old, traditional pub thing with tons of character, making it one of the legends of the Edinburgh pub scene.  This place takes its traditional status seriously, with two hundred malt whiskies available to sample, for all good Scots girls and boys, and other people who aren't Scottish too. You can also get your mitts on some fine ales, and a cheeky pie to line your stomach if copious drinking is on the cards.
4 The Bow Bar is stubbornly refusing the modern pubs without cocktails and the works. Instead it retains it's original, old-man pub character. The decor looks like it hasn't been changed since it was first opened but it somehow works. Smiles are sparse and if you come in asking for a cosmo you may be asked to leave. However, they have a great selection of whiskies and ales.  As unfriendly as it may sound, I really like places like this. It's not  trying to be something it's not, and certainly is not trying to adapt to the tourist and student prime location it's at. Instead the more sincere atmosphere also makes it relaxing- probably one of the few authentic old man pubs in the area.  Great stuff!
3 The Bow Bar is without a doubt an old mans pub. Situated in the heart of Old Town, the Bow Bar is just around the corner from the Royal Mile and it is a short walk from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   It is fairly small inside and when it gets busy it can feel really cramped and crowed. The Bow Bar serves the usual selection of beers, ales, wines, Scottish whisky and the standard range of spirits, and so there is something to suit everyone. The drinks are also really competitively priced, with a large glass of the house wine costing under five pounds. I was pretty hungry when I came here for a drink and was disappointed that there was no real menu available so I had to make do with crisps and peanuts.   Most of the clientele in the pub are old men, which I found quite off putting, especially after a while when they got pretty drunk and became sleazy - not nice, but tourists and students also come to drink here. A nice place to go for a quiet drink, but definitely don't go here looking for food!
4 This bar would be typically classed as your local 'old man's' pub. It sells a wide range of local and national ale's and the interior is not that modern, and is more traditional. However, even though you do get dome older men who prop themselves up at the side of the bar, this place is a great little find!   If you're a fan of ale's, like myself, you must pay the Bow bar a visit as it sells (at reasonable prices) mostly ale's, including Edinburgh's local, Deuchars! However, even though the drinks on offer are quite old man typed kind of drinks, this bar attracts a wider range of people.   From tourists to students, this place always seems to have a mixture of people during the weekend (During the week, this bar is quite quiet). It might not be your cup of tea, but for those who want to taste the ale's of Scotland this place is a great bar to go to.
4 Great Pub Bar not marred by music. Excellent selection of whisky that I tried several of. Good and changing selection of real ales. Don't be afraid of fist impressions. This is a friendly place and some of the best beer in Edinburgh (thought that was not difficult). Does get very busy though a lot of the clientèle come in for single drink and go. So wait a bit and find a pew, enjoy a few of the excellent malts.
3 This seems to be a popular after-work spot for the locals. It certainly doesn't cater to young people or tourists, which is a nice change. When we visited the Bow Bar in 2008, they had a full range of real ales like Belhaven 80 and Caledonian Deuchars IPA. We also tried something called A Piddle in the Sun just for the name. (The names of the various brands of alcohol in Great Britain are great. An ale called Old Speckled Hen was one of my husband's favorites. There was even a brand of whiskey called Sheep Dung.)   My only disappointment was that although they had both Guinness and Bass on tap, they were not able to mix up a black-and-tan (I'm assuming because they didn't have one of those specially designed spoons to make the layers.) In spite of that, we'll probably be back to The Bow Bar the next time we're in Edinburgh. A real drinking man's (or woman's) bar - not a tourist trap.
3 I've been informed by a reliable source that since my 2008 visit to the Bow Bar, the Belhaven 80 ale has been replaced with Stewarts 80 and Stewarts No. 3, which are similar to Belhaven. Also, the Bow and its two sister pubs in town have all replaced Guinness with Black Isle Organic Porter, which uses the same mixed gas like Guinness but is more chocolatey and not as bitter.   I'm always open to new brews, so we'll definitely be visiting the Bow again during our next trip. My thanks to Mike S. of Edinburgh for the updated information.
4 The real home of whisky..........!  Wow the selection of whisky in this bar is well superb, with staff who seem to know the history of each bottle you can tell them what you tewnd to like in a drink and they will find the whisky for you!! Really awesome!  They also stock a gin from Islay, one of only two gins that is actaully distilled and its a cracker!!  Friend commented, " you know its a real pub they sell scampi fries oh and pork scratchings!!  Hard to argue with that logic!! In any case a  great wee pub!
4 If you like a wee dram, this is your place! If you like a pint of real ale, this us your place! If you like friendly knowledgable staff happy to assist on selecting that 10, 15, 18 or 40 year old single malt, this is absolutely your place!!!  Just up from the Grassmarket and dead opposite Oink and the Grain Store on Victoria St, this is a place to come along and enjoy for what it is, a great pub!!!
5 Grandioses Pub zum Versaggen oder Vorglühen. Wer meint nur einen Nachmittagsbesuch der Empfehlung wegen zu machen bleibt garantiert kleben oder kommt wieder. Top gelegen. Kneipenstyle ohne schnick schnack. Riesen Bier- und Whiskeyauswahl. Whiskey stilecht in passenden Gläsern mit einem Wassertrögchen.
5 What a great bar. Huge selection of beers and whiskies. For real ale fans this place is a must and also if you want to track down some less well know whiskies. The bar staff are knowledgeable and friendly.  Getting a seat can be a challenge at busy times but it is a very good pub.  Oh, and being so close to the Grassmarket, stag and hen parties are barred..bonus!
4 This is, for want of a better expression, but what most people would call "an old man pub". Meaning a traditional Scottish public house whose usual clientelle is the older generation, for several reasons: it doesn't play loud music, it has the 'local' feel to it where everyone "knows your name", it has a great selection of real ales and whisky (amongst other things), the staff are friendly but not overly preppy. It lacks the bells and whistles that is so common in bars nowadays (drinks offers, cocktails, duke boxes, games machines, staff who show their underwear etc.) but this is all to its merit. Instead, it does what public houses were originally meant to do: serve the local people in a homely, familiar environment some damned good drinks, with a genuine smile.  Now, I'm not normally an 'old man pub' type. Despite my previous comments on the bells and whistles bars of today, I admit I'm a sucker for them. Or more specifically, margaritas and 5 types of rum. I like cocktails. I'm not a huge fan of beer. I like a bit of music-atmosphere. And about 90% of old man pubs are sticky, grungy, grimy, dark and one you wouldn't go into as a solo female. Not that they're dangerous, just everyone really *is* an older man who's been drinking since 11am and it smells of cigarette smoke circa 1984.  But not in The Bow Bar. This is an 'old man pub' in only the best sense of the phrase. It has all the good whiskies (hunners of them!), beers, dark wood, traditional interior, no music, familiarity and friendly staff, locals but without any of the bad bits I've mentioned. It's clean, it's fresh, it's upbeat, it's light (and yet 'moodly' dark at the same time, in a cool way). It's clientelle isn't exclusively of the older generation, and yes there are regulars, but friendly ones.  AND they do feature rotating guest spirits such as the the only gin to be brewed on Islay (where my favourite whisky comes from). The gin was amazing. And they have slim-line tonic. And coke out of a bottle, not a tap. I usually avoid old man pubs as I don't like beer, and anything else comes as diluted syrupy water with a splash of one type of vodka. Not in The Bow Bar.  This is one of the rare old man pubs I will not only frequent, but go out of my way to visit. I do love whisky (Scotch for any visitors) and they have an epic selection here, some of the best around. Mike, the Manager, and all the staff will be more than happy to tell you about them, ask you your preferences and help you choose one.  For a real taste of traditional Scotland in the ever-so-picturesque Victoria Street, head to The Bow Bar. Slanté!
1 Saddens me to write this as I honestly think this can be a great place...!  The bar man last nigth showed spades full of a trait no bar man should put on show.......arrogance!!!  Having gone in last night with two friends one 28 the other 26 the afore mentioned bar man demanded ID. When I tried to explain that well I am 27 he told me to get out!  Now this in itself is absoloutely his right what really irked me was his attitude around the whole I have to ID anyone under 25 policy.  I am 27 I am nowhere near looking 17 show some common sense and perhaps gain some customer service skills!  Its hardly a surprise that they were empty if this is their approach! Very furstrating as its a bar I have enjoyed many time sin the past!
2 I don't think we saw the best of Bow Bar, which is a shame, as I had been looking forward to visiting for ages. It was a relatively steady night, not busy by a long shot, but bar one table when we entered, all other seats were taken. The barman was busy doing a crossword in the corner. We waited for him to look up.   And waited.   And waited.   At the point of 'bugger it, we'll go home, not worth waiting anymore', he looked up and came over to serve us. We got our drinks, sat down and drank them, then left. The barman went back to his crossword, another guy appeared and then seemed to be the only one working, while the other guy remained focused on his crossword.   While I am cool with the low key vibe of a pub, I still like being served, and when it isn't busy, don't expect to be forming a queue of one at a bar. Unlikely I'll be back, not a particularly positive experience this time around.
4 I know a lot of the younger crowd have classified this as an old man's pub, but I think it is charming.  The non-nonsense staff are knowledgeable about the over 150 different bottles of whiskey that they stock.  No frills, no music, just good whiskey and ale in the Grassmarket area of Edinburgh.  Isn't that all you need sometimes?
5 I love Bow Bar. It is everything I want my local to be.  I'm only living in Edinburgh for a year and I want to taste as many whiskies as possible before I return to a land whose bars stock only only Glenfiddich and Famous Grouse. Bow Bar has more than 200 delicious drams, many if not most of them in the 3 to 5 quid range. But never fear -- if you want to spend more, you can. And if you have a hankering for a whisky from a distillery that's been closed since the 80s, well, you may just be in luck.   Even if they don't have your dream dram, the bartenders are very knowledgeable and will help you find something similar to ease the craving. If you've never drunk whisky before, they'll ask you what you usually like and make a recommendation. Be warned, though: if you plan on mixing your whisky with a Coke, they will not sell you nice drams.   If you're in more of an ale mood, Bow Bar is still the right place to go, with a great selection of local and regional ales. They keep a few varieties on tap all the time (Black Isle, Stewart's) but usually rotate the other taps -- and quite quickly too. You can come in on a Tuesday and taste the most delicious Tempest Chipotle Porter and return Friday to find it completely sold out. Sometimes I can't decide between all their interesting, unusual ales so I just order a half-pint of each. My only complaint is a strictly American one -- the ales are never quite cold enough for my taste.  What people have said about this being an 'old man' bar is somewhat true, but don't let that put you off. The old men are perfectly nice and they're not the only patrons. I happen to love that Bow Bar doesn't play any music -- there's no sensory distraction when I'm trying to nose a dram. The seats do get filled up on weekends and evenings, so if you want to sit and enjoy your drink in peace, I recommend going in the middle of the day or after 8 p.m. during the week. Try to snag a window booth -- they're quite cozy and perfect for getting close to someone special over some truly tasty beverages.   Also, be forewarned, there's a 40p surcharge if you pay by card.
4 I can't give this place five stars because it can be a bit loud and seats are a bit scarce, but it certainly has everything else I want from a pub in Edinburgh: nice location, awesome guest ales and the best whisky selection this side of town.  What else do you need?
5 One of my goals when visiting Scotland was to find "my whisky". The Bow Bar helped me greatly in that endeavor. I went to the bar for five consecutive nights seeing it very busy and relatively slow. Taking advantage of the broad selection of whiskys on offer - over 150  or more. In addition to the whisky there was a very good selection of cask beers on offer - I think they had 12 or 13 different ales on offer.   The staff was super-patient and talked me through choosing a variety of whiskys and their recommendations were quite good - even if they weren't all to my taste. I liked the fact that there were no TVs, no music and no stag/hen parties allowed. It is a bar to have a conversation in and one in which to enjoy your whisky. Talk to the staff and when they make a recommendation listen to it.
2 The Bow Bar is fine but... I don't know, have I been here on off nights?  I've been here twice in the past couple of weeks and both times I've walked in and gone "ooh... right..." have had one, and have moved on.    The first thing you notice is the pungeant smell of the toilets.  You know that smell of cleaning fluid that doesn't quite cover the smell of a dirty toilet?  That one.    The second thing you notice is the distinct lack of places to sit, and the third (probably related to the first two) is the distinct lack of women.  The bartenders I've experienced have been on the cool (as in unfriendly) side of neutral, to the extent of one actually being rude to my parents as they were trying to find a place to stand and happened to get in his way as he headed back behind the bar.  And no, he was not carrying any glasses.  They have a good selection of beers, they're famous for their whiskys, and they have some interesting and hard to find spirits but... to me it's not really worth another trip.  I've tried hard to like it, coming here a few times and giving it the benefit of the doubt but ... meh, I've definitely experienced better.
4 An insane, ridiculous, unfathomable selection of whiskies.  A pleasant, interesting, ever-changing, and sometimes surprising selection of cask ales.  Close to the action of the city centre, but just enough off the beaten path to be somewhat obscure to the uninitiated.  Smallish.  Friendly.  That's about all you need to know about the Bow Bar.
4 I don't know if this is a tourist trap due to its prime location in the old town, but it sure didn't feel like one.  They have a large selection of real ales, many of which are on cask. Check. They have an crazy selection of single malts, including rare bottlings (Gordon & MacPhail et al.) It's so big there's a binder for it. Pours of the good stuff were about 5 to 7 pounds. Ales the usual 2 to 3 pound.  The barkeeps are great at multitasking and did a good job at turning away drunk blaggards (of which there are many roaming about this part of town) while advising us on what scotches to try given our particular tastes and budget. One of them was even a half-Japanese girl from Oregon studying in Edinburgh -- proving that it is hard to get away from the US even in Scotland. :)  All in all this is obviously a place that the locals cherish (we were pointed out to the same old drunkard who comes at least once a week and has 5-6 drams of scotch in a sitting, but is totally harmless) and I definitely cherish it too. I miss it already!
5 A huge selection of cask ales and the staff was knowledgeable and friendly!
4 Ran in here on a cold and rainy day for a pint. Bartender was very friendly and made some great recommendations. I had the Black Isle organic porter, which was delicious. Good selection of real ales as well. This place is a real fireplace away from a 5-star rating (the fireplace is a fraud).
4 Friendly, inviting, Pub stop on the whisky trail Great beer slection
4 The Bow Bar is very simply a good pub and it is only a stones throw from the Grass Market. They offer well kept draught ale/lager/cider and a good range of whisky alongside a fair range of rum and gin.  Now it does get busy (admittedly a mostly male clientele) and it is fairly small, however if you are after a good quality drink in the area this is the place to go. What you won't get here is generic beer or lager, rather they offer quality drinks from smaller brewers, if you aren't sure what to try the bar staff know there stuff and will help you select the right drink.  In short, a good pub and probably the best of the group it is part of (the others being The Stockbridge Tap and Cloisters, both rather good pubs too) so next time you fancy a brew, don't be put off by the hustle and bustle of the place give the Bow Bar a chance.
5 The Bow Bar is not perfect - what is? - so why 5 stars? Because as a fan of decent real ale pubs I cannot honestly suggest ANYTHING they should be doing differently.   Pop in for a steak pie on a weekday afternoon, bring a paper and enjoy quiet bliss. Or enjoy a livelier atmosphere on the weekend evenings. Although the changing daily cask ales are the real draw, there's also a fantastic selection of world beers (listed on the right-hand side of the bar). Another great pursuit in here is whisky. Especially for visitors to Edinburgh, the friendly bar staff will advise and talk you through several malts if you're up for trying a few. (As long as they're not too busy!)  My one problem with this place is going to meet someone on a busy evening and arriving first - it can be tricky to find a place to rest your glass, bag, coat, whatever, and one feels kind-of awkward. But, honestly, SO WHAT?! It's great! A no stags and hens rule adds to the appeal as well.   Don't expect to have your mind blown by the Bow Bar - that's not what it does - expect a thoroughly decent and relaxed pub experience.
4 Great bar for so many reasons, Beer range is always great, and they run mini Beer festivals which are very exciting! Awesome selection of Malts, and some not too shabby Rums and Gins also. The staff really know their stuff, which is what I would expect from an Edinburgh institution like this!  Downsides, uncomfortable seating, bar counter should be longer to allow perching, no football....
5 Having grown up in a town where every second building was an old-fashioned, wood-heavy pub, whose idea of a cocktail is a pint of mild and a whisky chaser, the Bow Bar instantly feels like home turf. Yet, unlike the pubs of my misspent youth, this place is revered by serious beer, ale and whisky drinkers from far and wide.  A quick scan across the bar reveals why - a wide range of (perfectly kept) house and guest ales vie for your attention with whiskies common and rare. And that's only part of it: talk to one of the friendly (though not overly so) bar staff and you'll soon find yourself browsing through an even more extensive drinks list, including enough curios to ensure the Bow Bar's place on any serious Edinburgh whisky trek.  It's certainly cosy, though whether this is a good or a bad thing depends on arriving in time to get a seat. The crowd is also surprisingly mixed, from old guys to students and a smattering of hipsters, all rubbing along quite nicely.  In this sense, the obvious "old man pub" moniker is a bit unfair. It's pretty traditional - in that there's no loud music or hen parties - but is also very vibrant in its own way, with lots of chat and laughter between people who might not otherwise have much in common. That, more than the nostalgia value, is why it's still one of my favourite pubs in the city.
5 The Bow bar is always one of the places I list when I start talking about my favourite places to go in Edinburgh, however I don't make it here nearly enough.  I have headed there a few times in the last few weeks and every time I've been impressed by the beers on offer, the staff and the general air of awesome that appears to hang over the place. It's an older style of pub which is a welcome change. It's got history but it's also grasped new and awesome beers, local and not so local, which means that it's a fun place to go for a nice drink and a sit down if you can get a seat. If not the standing space is fine too.  No music is a bonus although the TV being on sometimes does let it down a bit for me (although I don't think it was on last few times I was there)  Also they are good at them twitters - say hi to them.
4 We were looking for a place we could sit and have a drink in the Grassmarket area, this place seemed to busy, so we decided to give it a try. My friend is more of a beer drinker than I am, so this place was perfect for her. I can't drink warm beer, so I was out for trying the cask. I was daring, hoping not to get hit upside the head, and ordered the Maui Brewing Coconut Porter, this was delicious. At 6% alcohol, it took me to where I was looking to go. After a couple beers, we started chatting with some locals, and we got to talking about my love for gin, he had recommended I try Gin Mare. The rest is history. My love affair with Gin Mare began that nightt, and the Fever Tree Tonic blended oh so nicely. The bartenders were able to keep up with the demands of the crowd, and yet they all kept a nice attitude towards everyone.   It's small and noisy, I like that there are no TV's and I love the sign on the door proclaiming, "no hen parties". We ended every single night at the Bow Bar during our stay in Edinburgh.
4 Try the Black Isle Organic beer. Dark, smooth and creamy! Just a dream:-)
4 Lively,fun, bright atmosphere( as in lights all the way on all night) tons of beer on tap and loooooooots of Scotch. Minus a star it closes at midnight with last call at 11:30.
5 This place is a tiny and gets very crowded but their immense selection makes it worth it. It also has a good atmosphere to it.
5 I agree with all the positive comments but I would like to add that even as tourists they made us feel welcome. Not all small, local pubs have made us feel this way. Fantastic whisky selection. Cheers!
4 Used to be a regular here many years ago, but stopped in with a couple of American colleagues who were in town. As always there was a good range of beers and excellent range of whiskys.  This place has a feel of a little old mans pub, except it isn't, it is small and can get very busy at peak times, but the customers are from every walk of life, age, type. It is friendly, you always end up talking to other people. And you can talk, no music, no tvs, makes life so much nicer, or is that just coz I'm getting old.  Also the staff are great, friendly with extensive knowledge of there products and very willing to recommend or discuss the whole gambit of the booze world.  Top, only bad thing is I live in Glasgow and it is in Edinburgh.
5 When you need a nice spot to relax just far enough away from the  crowds, this is the place. Great bartenders, atmosphere and wifi. Just what we were hoping to find!
