3 Went to Fear Farm on Friday night, luckily we got there when it first opened and didn't have to wait in line long for any of the attractions.  They do not accept credit cards but do have a ATM on site that charges a $5.00 service charge, just so you know.  For $18.00 you get all 4 of the haunted attractions.  We started with the Apocalypse corn maze all the way at the end, there was no one in this line because everyone who gets tickets automatically goes to the first attraction.  This corn maze was good and alot of fun!  It was well done, with lots of scenes and it made me scream a few times, which is always a big plus.  I would recommend this corn maze for sure!  We then went to the asylum, which I knew just by being in line was going to be bad.  The gentleman working the tickets kept yelling at everyone for everything and was quite annoying.  Upon entering, every single scene just had the actors standing in the room?!?  No one was hiding trying to jump out and scare us.  I know that when I walk into a room that has a poor quality scene and a actor just standing there, I am not impressed.  This was one of the worst haunted houses I have ever been too.  I am from Ohio where haunted houses are a major thing at Halloween, and I was so disappointed.  We then went to the Carnevil corn maze, it was pretty good, not as good as the first corn maze, but it was still ok.  It had a few good scenes, but not as many actors.  By then we had just about had enough, we had been there for almost 2 hours and the crowd was really big by then.  When we arrived at the mortuary, the line was so long we just decided to forget it, it was however another building attraction like the asylum and we figured it would be just as bad. Overall I had a good time, it was chilly out and it was fun to be out there for Halloween.  I would recommend the 2 corn mazes, they were fun.  I would also recommend that you get there right when they open (7:30) because later on it was a mad house.
2 First of all, I think everyone should know that I am a giant sissy when it comes to scary stuff. I am the kind of person that screams at lame scary movies, jumps at loud noises and cowers at the site of the smallest of insects.  That being said, I think I am a credible source to say Fear Farm was LAME. If you can't scare someone like me, then something is wrong. I went with a friend the first friday night that it was open. The lines were so long and I felt like I was on a middle school field trip with all of the preteens running around. We went through one haunted house (there are 4 total) and left.  Knowing that it was not Fear Farm's fault that it had attracted so many teeny boppers, we held onto our passes and returned on a Thursday night when the kiddies would be tucked into bed. MUCH BETTER. The lines weren't too long and we made it through the other 3 in a reasonable time.   Unfortunately, the scare factor had not improved. I think I jumped once or twice the entire time and that was because there was a chainsaw next to my face, and as I mentioned, loud noises scare me!   Weirdest part was that I got hit on THREE times by the monsters!!! Apparently I attract the creepy or something? And one of the guys working there totally hounded me...I get that they are supposed to get in your face and scare you, but this guy took it to the extreme. Plus, I thought they weren't allowed to touch you. This dude wrapped his arms around me and wouldn't let me go!!! This went on for a couple of minuted before he finally backed off. It was so weird!!!   I came to be scared, not picked up on!!! Ugh!
2 My husband & I took my 14 year old sister here Halloween night of '09. To start off, my sis & I had to use the bathroom (us girls have little bladders!)......there were porta-potties. I know from previous experiences that porta-potties aren't the cleanest things, but these little closets of stench were DISGUSTING. To add to that, there wasn't any toilet paper, so I had to drip dry (ewww) and the one my lil sis used wouldn't lock and some guy opened the door! I had to run over there and stand in front of the door to make sure no one else walked in on her. With the money they charge, you would think that they could at least make sure that the porta-potties had tp and the locks worked!  I'd like to point out that Fear Farm was situated in a dirt field with rocks...meaning girls, be careful of the choice of shoes you wear. Although I did see the predictable array of skanky costumes complete with stripper heels, so if you think you can rock them without busting your azz, then go for it. There was a good mix of people (including a few lone old pervs staring at anything female walking by...yick), but the overwhelming majority were teens.   $19 per person got us in 4 of the venues (you get a punch card that a worker will punch when you enter each one). Be prepared to wait in lines...some had up to a 1/2 hour (or more) wait time. We went through "The Asylum", "Carnevil", and "Apocalypse", but ended up skipping "Chainsaw Mayhem" because my husband was getting annoyed with the characters running noisy chainsaws by his face. The exhibits weren't that scary and for the most part they relied heavily on the old hiding-and-jumping-out-at-you-and screaming-in-your-face routine throughout each place. I thought The Asylum was the most creative/interesting haunted attraction because you had to go through a ton of different rooms and you didn't know where the doors were in some of them. However, I wasn't crazy about a couple of the workers yelling "Wow, you've got huge boobs!" in 3 seperate rooms. One female character even asked what size bra I wore. Can you say inappropriate?     Good news for the hungry......there were food stands similar to what you would see at the State Fair or any other carnival. Beverages, cotton candy, hot pretzels, turkey legs, and funnel cakes were some of the offerings. We split a funnel cake with powdered sugar that was surprisingly scrumptious (YUM!). In addition, there were stalls with face painting, temporary tattoos, and glow-in-the-dark items for sale.   To sum it up......My husband & I most likely won't ever go back, but my sis loved it and had a great time. IMO, Fear Farm is best suited to young teenagers and families with kids ages 8 and up. If you want to get the bejeebers scared out of you I'd suggest looking elsewhere.
2 Lot of kids, really annoying ones. If you are an adult and looking for something fun to do around Halloween look elsewhere, but if you have kids they might enjoy it. The lines are outrageously long, 40 min per "haunted house." The whole experience was dreadful. The actors were horrible and not scary, one of them got my wife's pants soaking wet, and the corn maze reeked. It is way too crowded, the only reason I am not completely p*d off is because it was military appreciation night and it was no charge. Had I payed I would be furious. I went to Tucson Old Studios last year and that set the bar amazingly high, definitely worth the drive and price for professional entertainment.
4 I see a lot a people complaining about the Lines at fear farm on here, and that is not something fear farm can really control. It is what it is, there are always fast passes you can purchase.   Each year gets better than the one before! This haunt has more actors then other haunts, which is a huge plus. Every time you walk through it is different than before. Animatronics are amazing yes, but they only scare you once and then you know what they do and wont be scared next time.  That is what makes this haunt so unique, Make up is done very well, the courtyard characters look awesome!  I do think that the hay bales should be watered down in the lines so there is less dirt and dust because of the amount of people attending fear farm each year. let's not forget about Tremmors and Flinch! Their characters are unforgettable.  Fear farm must be doing something right because each year it seems like they get more and more customers, I have watched it throughout  6 years. Each year actors, the mazes, the makeup get better and better.  Also Fear farm does not make the portapotties nasty, no matter where you go they are going to be disgusting sadly :(, Customers are sick and dont care about anything and trashes the place.  They add new things each year, the redo their haunts.   If you dont want to get stuck in long lines and such i suggest going on a Thursday or Sunday, it is less packed and a lot more fun. They also have special on thursdays when you get 4 tickets for $60, you are saving $20. Thursdays are the best times to go I have noticed.  Excited to see what this year will bring!
3 2nd year....GOING no longer deserves the best haunt in Arizona....this year was the worst experiences ever! They are no longer scary, I was more scared to find a parking spot then actually going..... 5 houses that lasted at most 10 minutes what ever happend to the they can touch you haunt? It was the best....this year they lost us for next year....so heres the problems in detail....  1. Parking theres almost no parking when you find it you have to walk clear to the other side of fear farm just to get in, the enterance should be by the parking lot.  2. All 5 haunts were too short for $25 I'd say it's worth $10 this year.  3. People complain about people touching them...well then don't go to a haunted attraction thats the point!!  4. There were lame games across from the attractions.  5. Too many cops present, no offence I like being safe but not that safe....  I recommend going to ever haunted house except this one it it cost so much!
2 Went here with my family.  The corn maze was okay.  I was told they used to have people hide in the corn stalks and jump out at you.  They no longer do that so you are basically trying to find your way out.  Entrance is same as the exit so it isn't hard.  We just winged it and you can't get lost.  Area with haunts is interesting.  They have random "monsters" walking around like a guy with a chain saw and a dead guy with a shopping cart with body parts.  They have a rule they cannot touch or talk to you or they'll get fired.  Wouldn't suggest bringing an 8 year old.  My cousin brought his 8 and 12 year old daughters and they were so scared within the first 20 feet that they were crying and wouldn't even walk through to the exit.  My Aunty had to walk them around the outside and wait in the car with them.  My other cousin's 14 year old was also freaked out but I calmed her down enough to go through one of the haunts.  The haunt was okay.  You just walk through corn and there are different settings with people to hassle you.  For instance there was a classroom with a scary teacher.  They did have little kids working which I thought was disturbing on a moral level.  They will pick on people who look scared so they were always in my cousin's daughter's face and left me alone.    My cousin went through a different haunt and said they screamed once and the rest was lame.    Overall way too overpriced.  They definitely should let you buy single haunts instead of forcing you to buy all 5.    Go on the website to print $2 off coupon.
4 Fear Farm was pretty good. There are 5 separate haunts to go through which breaks down to about $5 a piece. Not a bad deal. The houses are all themed differently and are pretty well done.   My biggest issue with Fear Farm was the "Club Dead" teen pop blaring at full volume. It really took away from the feel of the haunted houses.   We went on a Sunday and the crowds weren't to bad but I've heard it gets really packed on Saturday nights...
4 I was pretty surprised with how awesome Fear Farm turned out to be. The amount of actors is staggering and the corn mazes were definitely scary.   For $25, you get five different mazes/houses. Each one is a different theme, some indoors, some out, some a mix of the two.   Besides the attractions, there are actors wandering around to take pictures with, carnival food and games.   The parking situation wasn't too bad, but it is a bit of a walk from the lot to the entrance. The exit is right next to the lot.  The only negative is partly our own fault. We went later at night so the actors were starting to get tired and antsy, some of them just weren't taking the whole thing seriously. I would say go right when it gets dark out when they're still "fresh".
5 It must be a pretty miserable life going through an event like Fear Farm and writing about how lame or unscary it is as previous reviewers have.  Of the multitudes of haunted houses I have attended in Arizona, this one hands down had the best set design and decoration of any of them.  This is the type of event one should go to for the experience, not to be truly scared for one's life as previous reviewers seem to point out as an expectation of a haunt.  Of course haunted houses are not "scary" per se.  Obviously they are not real, which is also something previous reviewers seem not to realize.    Fear Farm was a great deal of fun, with quite a few startles and scares.  As previously mentioned, the set designs and attention to detail were fabulous.  I loved lingering through each scene and really taking in the atmosphere.  The layout included both indoor and outdoor experiences in the haunts, as well as several underground tunnels to traverse.  I highly recommend it.    We went on a Sunday, and there weren't many people there.  Deal chicken has discounted passes for Thursdays and Sundays that include fast passes for less than the general admission.  While the fast passes were not necessary on this night, the deal ended up being less than regular admission anyway.    Amazing...  I will definitely be back next year to see what new and interesting concepts the production team comes up with.
2 I was there today and was disappointed. I've been coming every year since atleast 2004. This is where I meant my husband and he rescued me from the chainsaw guy.  Not kidding. My shoe got stuck in the mudd n I went back for it-alone! Until my now husband went back for me and swept me-up and carried me away from the chainsaw guy and so every year after that we went back. It always use to be fun and extremely scary. But this year for some reason they have decided to allow groups of 15 allowing people to go in constantly, which made it crowded and not the least scary. The actors are amazing and in the spirit, but overworked. They need to control the amount of people they let it and how often they allow them in this way the house is not as crowded. I hope next year will be better!
3 I got my tickets for free and paid the extra $10 for the fast pass. If I didn't buy the fast pass I would have given this place 1 star, because the lines were insane. The place was fun & scary at times, but get ready to get dirty. I took a shower after and the water coming off me was black from all the dirt, dust, smoke and fog.  Pros: -5 different haunts -Outstanding atmosphere -Security -Paramedics  Cons: -Prices, $25 tickets, $35 with fast pass -Terrible parking, had to park across the street at Costco -Way to much fog! This had to be the worst thing about this place -Areas where you have to crawl, terrible idea -Young high school crowd, I'm 26 and felt super old being there  Tips for you: -Look for deals & coupons -Do not take kids under 12, saw a lot of them crying -Wear cloths & shoes you don't mind getting dirty -Don't go on a Friday or Saturday, its packed  A tip for management. If you don't want us to touch your actors tell them not to touch us, simple concept.
3 Was taken by friends after we got a $5 off coupon at 13th floor. it was not as scary but had it's moments. very dirty and the crawl spaces were a bit much! you need to have an alternate route for people to take, do not like crawling in dirt on my hands and knees! If you have asthma, STAY AWAY! Not for you! Dirt and dust everywhere!
3 May not be a fair review because we went on the 1st during the Zombie Prom so there were only 2 houses running.  I agree with previous reviewer who states that they shouldn't touch us.  I got a chainsaw to the shoulder - hard!  They had over a dozen guy with chainsaws, which became irritating.  Good visuals though.  Next years we'll try it when all 5 places are open.  Not the Prom though...
