3 Everything was fine, but the Hilton name let me down a bit in the realm of service.  There were no specific problems, but it just wasn't as crisp or accommodating as other Hiltons at which I've stayed, particularly Boston and Amsterdam.  I suppose that it's difficult to maintain a standard of service across hundreds of hotels worldwide.  For instance, instead of agreeing to have a cab waiting for me at a certain time of the morning, the desk clerk insisted that they could get me a taxi at very short notice and that I should just wait until I came down in the morning.  So of course it ended up taking about ten minutes.    When I checked in, they sent me to a second building across the street a few doors down.  The room was actually the smallest of my entire trip (a variety of lodging types) but was quite comfortable, except that I needed to pack for home and there wasn't quite enough surface area.  The shower/tub had a weird half-door which caused me to get water all over the place in the morning.  This Hilton is only two blocks from the Dollar Rent-A-Car on Haymarket Terrace, and maybe 3-4 blocks from the Haymarket train station.  Don't confuse it with the Hilton on Princes Street near the castle.
3 I'll have to agree with David that the Hilton service here is not at all resemble worldwide hilton standards, however the service you get here is probably on the good side of what you'll get at other hiltons in the UK. There were some pretty terrible and mediocre level of service here. It's not bad service, it's more like a holiday inn attitude rather than an expected hilton attitude that you get from the staff. To me the majority of the staff just feels 'lazy' and doesnt really love their job. All in all, i enjoyed staying here. There are 2 buildings for this hotel, the Hilton building and the grosvenor biulding across the street, all belongning to the hotel and combine to 180+ rooms. The grosvenor is alot more run down and old thus a cheaper rate. The Hilton side is more up to date with modern decor and renovations. The rooms are nice and clean and offer and classy modern look. They're spacious and comfortable. The lobby and lounge also boast a great feel and atmosphere. The restaurant looks fantastic with the same new age touch in interior design but the food is lacking a bit. First night i had the chef recommended Pollack with capers sauce, although the fish was near perfeclty grilled, the sauce ruined it for me. The way they made the capers and cream sauce was not a good combination for the taste buds. It added a bitter and almost starchy taste to otherwise good fish. The next night i had the 8oz sirloin, what a steak. poor quality meat with horrible cooking technique. It seemed to be microwaved and then thrown on the grill for 10 seconds to put some marks on the outside. It was bland, dry, and unfresh. Then along came the desert sorbet, although i'd say it was more a ball of shaved ice than sorbet icecream, it seems the kitchen staff let it sit in the freezer for a few months over the expiry date and crystalized. Comfortable stay, but stay away from the food here. It's also not 'prime' location on the strip of downtown edinburgh, but its within a 20 min walking distance, not so bad.
4 We had a solid experience with this hotel.  The pros: -Staff was helpful at check-in and check-out -Room/bathroom were clean (as a Hilton Diamond member I am a clean freak!) -Nice high ceilings in our room, made it feel spacious -Bartender was really cool -Located near the bus stop we used to get to the airport  The cons: -Location, with regard to touristy stuff. If I'd known better/had the points, I would have stayed at the Caledonian instead. -The bathroom fixtures were super old, as were a lot of other parts of the hotel. I'm all for old-world charm, but Hiltons are kind of a different story. I was expecting the same thing I get in other cities. -No late-night room service. What's a girl with the munchies to do?  Overall, had a good stay. I'd stay there again, but I'd rather stay at the Caledonian, which is MUCH closer to everything.
4 In my humble opinion, it is ridiculous to smite a hotel in most parts of the world, outside of the US, for being older.  We booked this hotel as a HHonors reward stay and have no complaints.  Both rooms had decent views, clean and well appointed rooms that came with a well provisioned breakfast.  Not a destination hotel but I would book again for business or a stop over.  Staff was pleasant upon check in and check out. We were driving our car to board a ferry to Norway, so we had a few snacks with us and didn't need to rely on the hotel for more than breakfast, a night cap scotch, comfortable beds and decent showers.  It isn't a Conrad but it does meet a comprable Hilton standard.
1 We were thinking, okay this is a Hilton, it should be a decent hotel.  Boy were we wrong.  I guess you can't expect consistency from a well known hotel chain.  The hotel is split into two buildings.  The hotel reception is on one side of the street in one building.  This is where we checked in.  Then they told us to go outside and across the street further down, our room was located in another buliding.  That was fine, not a big deal, just odd.  When we got to our room, a few things stood out...  This hotel is old.  I love older buildings and architecture.  Now with older buildings, you have to make some allowances for what goes along with that however in this instance, there has not been proper upkeep of the room interiors.  For example, a very old shower head that did not function properly, old bedding, lamps, carpet, etc.  I think I could have gotten past all of that, except for the cesspool outside our window.  The window was half open when we walked in and the room felt cold and damp.  It's Scotland, you're goig to have this type of weather but I prefer it OUTSIDE my hotel room.  When I looked out the window, there was water pooling at the end of some sort of drain spout, it was splashing and noisy.  The water was greenish black and the smell was rank.  The view was basically a blackened rotting cesspool of smelling water and some debris of branches and garbage.  Yum!  The location was okay, but a bit far away from things if you are on foot.  I'm not sure what the rooms are like in the main part of the hotel, but I'm guessing they surpass the poor quality rooms on the side I stayed in.  I wouldn't stay here again and I'm shocked that Hilton would even put their name on a building like this.
4 I may be a tad bias when it comes to reviewing this hotel, but what the heck! The source of my positionality stems from my new found love for the city of Edinburgh.  The city is so beautiful complaining about a hotel seems incredibly obtuse. I shall however not digress and give you an insight into what the stay was like.  Now what does a hotel have to do to gain browny points with me? Answer is simple, They can't be taking the buiscuits! Nothing spoils my ritual of having a brew before settling into my alien hotel bed watching an early 90's flick on sky movies than bad biscuits. You can imagine the horror when upon checking in I discovered that the biscuits were absent!   The staff at the hotel were extremely friendly, and catered for all my room service needs in good time. Parking is an issue, if like me, you didn't want to pay for it. Hotel does NOT have a guest carpark! Yes I know it's silly to expect to NOT pay for parking in a city centre. My theory is if I can get around it in Manchester I can get around it anywhere!  As it turns out you can get away with it but only 2 hours at a time, at the various Tesco stores located around the city centre!  Return to your hotel at 6 (after parking charge hours) and you can park outside the hotel for free, RESULT! However plan an early activity as you'll have to move the car in the morning!   A second factor in my browny points book for hotels is its restaurant. On any given occasion when you don't want to venture out to have a meal, I feel the hotel should be able to cater for your taste buds! I am here to report that the restaurant indeed IS more than competent in this department. The menu is a little limited but the food I had was deliciously cooked and served in good time, although that might have had soemthign to do with the fact we were the sole diners that eveing at the restaurant. (It was midweek on a chilly January evening)  All in all a happy and satisfactory affair and whilst it may not be the best hotel in town, it is in close proximity to most of the atttractions Edinburgh has to offer.
2 Grim.  Ageing and tired.  There are a few absolutely dreadful basement rooms with no view, no wifi, no 3G signal and no hope.  The other rooms are only just better, with furniture that looks as if it's about to fall to bits any second. Also... if you're in one of the ground floor or basement rooms at the back, do make sure your windows are secured: a colleague of mine suffered a break-in here. If you can, try to get in the "club" rooms across the road, which are generally slightly larger and nicer in my opinion (but don't get your hopes up too high). However: one good point is that the breakfast is not bad at all.  Porridge is included, which is not the case in all hotels. On the whole, though, avoid if you possibly can.
2 For someone who prefers Hilton over other chains, this place was not up to snuff. On the plus side, really liked the location, very convenient to everything.   On the minus, shame on me for not checking on whether it has a workout room. It does not. Was told they have an arrangement with a sister Hilton hotel nearby, but it's workout room was undergoing renovation. No suggests for nearby places to work out. Had I noticed this when booking would not have booked.    Overall, the place is ready for a redo. Carpets, etc are worn. The window in my room was jammed open. I failed to mention it to the staff so they had no opportunity to make right. Third floor room shower water pressure was minimal.
2 Front desk: slow, understaffed, and some do not know the IT systems. Avoid at all costs -- pro tip, they use the old magneto keycards, keep them away from EVERYTHING as they erase very easily, then you have to stand in line behind the tour group from Korea. Public areas: need refurbishment Rooms: redone ones are lovely, large (approx 350 ft^2), 12 foot ceilings, nice redone bathrooms with tile, quite good. Huge windows (8 foot double-hung) overlooking a garden in the back. BIg desk on which to work. Services: asking 60 quid for 5 days wifi. By comparison, you can get a very good package from Orange at the shop around the corner for 7.50, and since it is on your phone, you can just walk away. Plus, you can talk and text. The worst internet deal I've ever seen; you can get round this if you are a regular Hiltonian (affinity perk) or pay extra on your room. Food's pretty good (haggis for breakfast), room service takes 20 minutes. Location: convenient for conventioneers.
3 Good location .... 10 min walk to town. Breakfast very nice.    On the negative side the bed was very uncomfortable ...& the shower non existent ... A trickle at best describes it well.   On complaining to the front desk the receptionist did not have a real explaination apart from offering to move rooms which probably wouldn't have resolved the overall problem of lack of water pressure.   Overall I do not think this worthy of its 4* status.  3* at best.
4 After spending about a week and a half in an apartment rental, it was great to end our stay at this Hilton Hotel.  The staff were great and accommodating.  We arrived early for check in and the gracefully accepted our bags at the counter.  They put us on the third floor in the newly renovated towns area across the road.  It was really cute.  The beds were comfy.  I liked that this hotel is in the west end, and only a few minutes from Princes Street.   Really a great location, and about 15 pounds to get to the airport.
4 Due to my job of traveling a lot, I have been to many Hilton locations worldwide so I have seen some of the best and the worst they have. This was an older property and although  some others have called it very tired and aged, I thought it had an old charm about it. Yes the room and bathroom was old but everything worked and it was very clean. Our room had a large vertical beam holding up the ceiling at the end of the bed but no matter. The room was actually quite large. The service at this location was very good and attentive not to mention friendly. Location was a little bit of a walk to Price street but not bad and the price was expected being moderate. I'd stay here again if possible.
4 Nice as far as a Hilton goes.  A little older and needing some upkeep, but still quite nice.  As a Diamond member with many nights in Hilton each year I find this to be one if the better regular name brands with rooms just needing a little upkeep.   This stay was a HHonors redemption for holiday in one of their Junior Suites which is nice with quite a bit of room.  Plenty of room for a crib for the little one and the standard free WiFi and breakfast Buffett.  It would be nice to have refrigerators in the room, which there are not.  There is also no executive lounge at this property.  They do offer a free drink coupon for their bar to help compensate.
4 Four cheers for this particular Hilton!   *VERY accommodating with a VERY early check-in (8am to be exact!). I called the night or two before and they said it would not be a problem as they'd have rooms ready. Super friendly reception staff that helped with anything needed (taxis, directions, check-in and check-out very easy). This got us all started on the right foot and was extremely appreciated by me as I could pop to my room upon my very early arrival (hello 4am wakeup call that morning!)   *FREE breakfast with most room packages/platinum membership. Coffee as well from the Costa outpost near the bar. A nice perk!   *The rooms are AOK. Very clean, but aging a bit. To be expected. It's an old building.   *Aircon in the lobby, but not the rest of the rooms! It was stifling in my room but very cool in the late evening. Took many hours to cool down, but this is rare issue I'd think. There was a fan supplied in the room.   *Rate, peak July season: £176/night. Not cheap, not overly expensive.   *Very close proximity to Haymarket train station, Marks & Spencer, Boots, Starbucks, St. Mary's Cathedral. Easy access to all the city sites in a short 15-20 minute walk to the city center.  *Taxis can be ordered via reception.   *Lobby is a business traveler's dream! Tons of tables, comfortable chairs, outlets, and corners to tuck into to get some work done. Overall pretty quiet as well due to the layout.   *Wifi is OK. Not amazing. Not the worst. You won't be using Skype effectively or streaming video but does the trick for email and basic functions. It's also FREE.   So overall I stayed here because I had some Hilton points to burn, but it was a very pleasant experience. It's a nice, quiet hotel with adequate rooms, friendly staff and is well situated to explore Edinburgh.   Pssst - sign up for Hilton Honors of course!
