4 Teuchters is a great wee pub in the west end, with a brilliant, busy atmosphere and a faithful gaggle of regulars that never fail to turn up most evenings/weekends for a great deal of pint drinking and banter. I do recognise a lot of the same faces when I come in here, but I actually think that's a really good thing, because having a group of drinking attendees means that this place must be doing something right. A great selection of whisky and beers, and really friendly staff make this pub a good all rounder, and you can relax for a good few hours without worrying about the posing pressure imposed in some bars.  The restaurant attached to Teuchters, A Room In The West End, is also reliably very decent, serving quality Scottish produce in a down to earth setting. Prices are also reasonable, so you should have enough notes left over after you've paid the bill to go through to the bar and have a few after dinner drinks.
5 I've just discovered William Street, where this gorgeous pub is tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the West End. So tucked away, in fact, that despite having lived here for 4 years I didn't even know it existed until a friend took me here today.  Although there are a handful of pubs along this street, some of them looked a bit "old man-ish" whereas I could tell as soon as I walked into this one that it had a really nice atmosphere to it. The décor is a mix of old wooden flooring and beams running the length of the ceilings, with modern-looking brown leather sofas to relax on with your beer. Or whisky, if that's your tipple, as I counted 70 different ones on the blackboard.  And speaking of which, that's the best thing about this place. I'm not a huge beer guzzler, but I'll never say no to a bottle of Innis & Gunn. So when I walked in and saw all 5 flavours sitting there ice-cold in the fridge I knew it was going to be a good pub. Although it wasn't particularly busy (apart from us there was only one other pair in there), it didn't have that awkward feel to it as if you're in a goldfish bowl. Instead, the barman was friendly and chatty.  I've never eaten in the restaurant downstairs, but I plan to do so very soon in the future as the menu looked really good.
4 I'm a not infrequent visitor to the bar upstairs, so I was really pleased to be so well served in their smart bistro restaurant, downstairs. The menu is very well written and the quality of the cooking matched the description.  Overall, we said: "I was delighted with A Room in the West End. It almost goes without saying that the company played a huge part in that sense of delight, but the food, particularly that rabbit main course, played a significant part, too. It's a smart place with a lot of charm, serving dishes to a much higher quality than it's sister restaurant in Dundas Street. I'd happily recommend that you pay it a visit."
4 i've been a fan of teuchters at the shore for many years, but hadn't been to the west end version of this pub quite yet.  mainly because i live in the shore so west end visits tend to be infrequent, but this place proved the perfect post dinner drink spot this past friday night.  the boy and i wandered in after a brief walk from thistle street where we'd stopped to have dinner.  it was about 9 or so on friday night so the place was fairly busy, but there were still some tables and seats available!  huge plus for me as i hate standing with my drink while balancing my hand bag on my shoulder and hoping no one bumps into me causing a spill.  so big thumbs up for adequate seating!!  another huge plus was i asked my boyfriend to see if they would make me a hot toddy as they had been offering these during the festive season.  the bartender said they didn't have cloves but he would improvise a bit so i could have my drink :)  the hot toddy came and it was whiskey, honey, lemon bliss all warmed up in a glass!  yes the cloves were missing, but i still really enjoyed this drink and it made me smile that the bartender made it off the menu without fuss.  i sadly can't say too much more about this pub as we left after our drinks.  but as it's the same owners as teuchters by the shore i have great faith that the mug menu is tasty and there are plently of beers and whiskeys on offer!  definitely a great spot to grab a drink if you're in or near the west end.
4 I had a splendid breakfast at Teuchters; on a Sunday the breakfast menu is on until 2.30pm. Win! One plate of carnivore items included black pudding, haggis, two eggs, sausage, beans, mushroom, fried tomato,  2 rashers bacon, hash brown and two slices of toast. It came in at around £8.  It's probably the best breakfast plate I've had in Edinburgh to date. The ingredients were proper quality, everything cooked perfectly and it all arrived in good time. I will definitely be back here for a Sunday brunch soon. Yum!
4 Am a huge fan of the Teuchters in Leith, it's taken me a while to visit it's counterpart, and it is doesn't disappoint. The same familiar dark wooden panelling and comfy sofas reign here, as does the fantastic mug menu, which is perfect for those long cold dark nights we have so frequently in this country. On the downside, it's massively popular, so can be quite busy, but who can blame folk for going to a decent establishment? I certainly can't.
5 This became our favorite pub while staying in Edinburgh! We went all three nights we were in town. The staff is friendly, made great drink recommendations, and most of their customers are locals. This is a true Scottish pub.  I highly recommend the Rekorderling Mango & Raspberry cider!
4 It's a great pub in the west end, good beers on tap, food is solid and atmosphere is fun!
