5 Wonderful food, in a lovely setting. Great local produce used to prepare great dishes, presented without too much fuss. Service was great. The restaurant is beautiful too, old stone pillars and opulent decor, with plenty of nooks from which to watch other diners.
4 We went to the Witchery for a late lunch after walking around the Castle.  Heard it was one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh and it lived up to expectations.  For starter I had the assiette of charcuterie which was pretty good.  I selected the Fisherman's Pie as my main which was pretty good, not your normal heavy and creamy pie.  My friend got the lunch set menu and really liked it as well.  I also give them props b/c while other groups were there in suits, I walked in dressed like a scrub off the street (read as: underarmour...  seriously) but they still gave us respectable service (not sure I would have).  Overall a really good restaurant a nice change of pace from normal pub food at most other establishments around the city.
4 The platter of Scottish seafood and crustacea ... exquisite ... there is nothing else to be said, but bon appetit.  When in Edinburgh, don't bypass the Witchery.
5 Lured here by Clarissa Dickson Wright's recommendation, I discovered a bewitching restaurant down a stone passageway near the Castle. Making a rez for later in the day, when I arrived I was directed downstairs where the Maitre d' awaited me. Placing me at a 2-top near the kitchen, he proffered menus and left me to read. What a great selection of foods and drinks! Sheer delight in reading the wine list while enjoying a perfect Grey Goose martini led to several small plates, oysters of couse, and a wine to match each small plate. Wonderful experience, right until I noticed a detail in the tapestry next to me that showed a dog about to lick its gaping a**hole!!!!WTF!!! Jarring to say the least. I laughed out loud and wished I brought some narrow black tape...very expensive meal and a good chuckle to boot. When I left the Maitre d' said he was envious of my meal and was quite warm. It's not often I drop USD $200 on a meal, but it's Homecoming year and I was in Edinburgh for one dinner and this was the best, hands down. Enjoy!
5 The Witchery is my MOST favorite restaurant of all time in the entire world. When I visited Edinburgh for the first time, I decided to have dinner there on my first night--and I loved it so much as I decided to make reservations there again during my last night in Edinburgh!  The service is unmatched, the food is DELICIOUS, and the ambiance is "fairytale-like." Dining in the Witchery makes one feel like living out a fantasy in a place that's a cross between a Braveheart castle and a Harry Potter novel. The stone floors and all-candlelight arrangement is so romantic and so lovely that you'll swoon while you're dining.  My meals included the stuffed chicken and the Loch Duart salmon. I started out with the foie gras (heavenly!) and my desserts included the Burnt Cambridge Cream and the Witchery Pudding Selection.  Special thanks to the entire staff of the Witchery for 2 VERY memorable evenings!  I am already planning my trip back next year...
4 We came here during our trip to Edinburgh on recommendation from a tour book. I tried to make reservations for dinner but there were no tables open until 11 pm, so I had to settle for coming during lunch.  I had their herb baked scallops with smoked Iberico pancetta and garlic, with a side of salad and mashed potatoes. The scallops were so tender and delicious. My boyfriend had the light lunch with duck egg florentine and pork sausages with a side of mashed potatoes. Initially I was worried it wouldn't be enough food, but their portions are huge.   They also have really good service. Overall a great dining experience.
4 great little restaurant.. portions of food were a bit small.. and the food is slightly over priced.. and the restaurant could use a bit more lighting.. service was decent though  the salmon and pork belly dishes were delicious though..   this is definitely a place to check out if you're in edinburgh though..
2 I was once taken here by an ex whilst trying to win me back. He thought the way to my heart was to throw money at me and give me expensive food. I think his mantra was echoing that of the restaurant itself. Its reputation preceded my visit, so I was expecting the best dinner I've ever had (which is why I said yes to the invitation!). But I found the whole experience less than enjoyable. The menu was very fancy , verging on uncomfortable and the wine list was bigger than the majority of my textbooks. And I have a lot of text-books. If you are a wine buff then you'd love it, but I was happy with a glass of sauvignon - imagine my surprise when I had to specify from which world (old or new), which country, which area, which vineyard. I was expecting to be asked to specify the grape.  So, the Witchery has a very strong reputation in Edinburgh as being the best restaurant, and I can see why. It looks fancy, it tastes fancy, the price was fancy! But, again, I wasn't impressed. To win me over, you need to prove your worth. Sadly, both my ex and the Witchery failed to do so.
2 I just didn't rate this place. I feel like I'm committing some sort of blasphemy by saying that, but when I came for lunch here it just wasn't that great.   Granted, we had a booking for 2pm, which is towards the end of a lunchtime shift and so the staff and chefs are all tired and a bit frazzled. But when you're paying Witchery prices, you don't really expect that to be an issue - if we'd wanted that we'd have gone to one of the million cheaper places to eat on the Royal Mile.  The portions were tiny, even by upmarket restaurant standards. However, I don't think this was down to them running out of stock - after speaking to other people who've eaten there it seems that that's just they way they do it here.  Which would have been fine, except mine was lukewarm. It was one of those puff pastry and roasted sun-dried tomato with goat's cheese type things that you get in most pubs these days, and the cold slimy tomatoes didn't really do much for me. In fact, it was probably quite a good thing that there wasn't much of it.  At least half of the pages in the menu are taken up by testimonials from celebrities writing about how they loved the place, followed by the Witchery's own epic autobiography, but I honestly think they'd do a lot better if they concentrated less on their image and more on what they're actually serving people.  I wouldn't rush back.
5 I had read about The Witchery in all my guidebooks and after checking out their website I decided to splurge a little on our first night in Edinburgh-worth every penny!  We stayed in the Vestry suite which is the most gothic of all the suites and it was gorgeous!  Red velvet and gold line the walls, drape the windows, and cover the bed.  The bathroom has a huge, gorgeous tub, perfect for a long soak after walking around Edinburgh all day.  The staff is also amazing-they lugged our 50+ lb suitcases up 3 flights of stairs-I felt so bad but was definitely thankful after 10+ hours of travel!  We also showed up to a chilled bottle of champagne which was very exciting and an amazing way to start out our trip.  We only stayed here for 1 out of our 3 nights in Edinburgh because of the £295 per night price tag but like I said it was well worth it.  You absolutely cannot beat the location-we stayed here the first night and it was the perfect spot to help us get acquainted with the city-we could see the castle from our doorstep and the rest of the Royal Mile was right there at our feet.  You also get a continental type breakfast delivered to your room in the morning-the huge, buttery, chocolaty croissants were my fav!  Great experience-if you have a little extra to spend, definitely give The Witchery a try!
3 I think this is one of those places where its reputation has gotten ahead of what it can actually deliver.  I mean, dont get me wrong - I went for a meal with my girlfriend (who had massivly high expectations) and was, over all a bit dissapointed. My girlfriend however, was not. I have therefor come to the conclusion that the Witchery experience depends a lot on how dark a shade your Rose Tinted glasses are.  I had heard how splendid this place was, and frankly for the money I paid, didnt feel that the food was of any more high quality than other restaurants in Edinburgh who have the same reputation but charge far less. My girlfriend however, who had built this place up so much that she 'knew' how excellent the Witchery would be, claimed that everything she saw, ate and drank was 'perfect'. As I said, I do believe this place is a matter of opinion.
4 Admittedly, I didn't stay here but a friend visiting decided to spend a few nights spoiling herself by spending a few nights near the Castle. Hot damn, if you cut this place open it would bleed sumptuousness and over-the-top Tudorian splendour. I had a snoop around her accomodation - I can't even call it a hotel room, as it came with a shower and a kitchen. Champagne and chocolates, it sure beats Travelodge hands down. Four poster bed, covered in ornate heavy fabric furnishings, austere modernity in neutral colours, the Witchery laughs at you with disdain and waves a hand langourously to send such concepts to the local gaol. With views overlooking the Castle and Royal Mile, there is a price tag to match, but oh boy, I am envious of friends who can spend it. In fact, that is the only reason to drop a star - that common folk like me can only look on in envy.
4 Ok, I take what I said back.  Sortof. The food is really really really good, you can't deny it, and the service is immaculate and the surroundings are amazing.   But there's still that one thing holding me back from giving it the 5*.....I still don't know what it is...something isn't quite right...
5 Review is only for the restaurant.  I won a bet and my friend took me to dinner here.  Hands down the most beautiful restaurant I've ever been to.  Decorated like a gothic castle with candles everywhere, dripping in flowers, dark wrought iron furniture.  The ambiance was amazing.  The food was pretty good.  (I'm so SPOILED being from San Francisco, where we have the best food in the world)...the salad course was fantastic.  The main dishes were good but not memorable.  The dessert was very good.  You're really going for the opportunity to eat in what seems like an 18th century dining room.  The prix-fixe menu makes it very affordable.
3 Stopped here for lunch before my visit to the castle.  They have prix fix menus for 30 or 15 euros.  The 15 euro lunch menu is a good deal but menu is limited.  You get an appetizer and entree with this menu.  I actually ordered a la carte and had to try the haggis - when in Rome right? (in this case Edinburgh). Well the haggis did not disappoint and it came with neeps and tatties - what the hell is this I asked myself.  Turnips and potatoes FYI to the Americans. The other stuff I tried were ok - steak tartare and the chanterelle risotto.    Overall, a good dining experience with attentive service and a nice ambience. This is a strong 3 star rating.
5 Have eaten here three times now, in both of their dining rooms, and the place is an understated gem despite the opulence and hype.  The food has been superb each time and the locally-sourced ingredients highlight fresh and delicious Scottish influences while the kitchen clearly tries to bend international.  The guest rooms across the street are unique and a one-of-a-kind experience.  If you're in Edinburgh, want to be pampered, and don't mind wandering up by the Castle, check out the Witchery.
5 Wow, just wow. Don't eat here without ordering the steak tartare!
5 I'd heard only wonderful things about the Witchery and was in no way disappointed when I went here for dinner with my family. Even my Dad, a hard to please foodie, raved about the quality of the food.  The decor and ambience is unusual with a gothic feel and low lighting, however this created an intimate, relaxed atmosphere and it made us feel like we were escaping from the real world for a while. It would be a fab place to go on a date - the flattering lighting is an alternative to beer googles.  We all had the haggis starter and I've yet to have bad haggis but this really was extra tasty. I then had a generous fillet of salmon and it was ridiculously delicious. I eat salmon quite alot but this was by far the best I have ever had, I was going on about it for days. 'Remember that salmon... '  I was too preoccupied with my life-changing salmon to really notice what my family were eating but I do remember my Dad thoroughly enjoy his faggots (yes, really).   I'm a real sweet tooth but the main course I had (salmon, salmon, salmon) was very filling so that was the end of my Withchery culinary experience. This place is a real treat and worth every penny, the food and service were wonderful. They also had Molton Brown handwash in the ladies room, I like that sort of thing :)
5 Ambience - awesome.  It was a bit entertaining that occasionally a few tables would get quiet and it felt like I needed to whisper, then the conversations would pick up again.  The ebb and flow of volume was intriguing!  Service - fantastic.  Our favorite was when we asked for a wine reco.  I'm not sure who the expert was who came over, but made some suggestions, and we went with a New Zealand red that he seemed to like more than the more pricey wines.  It was I think under 30 pounds--quite cheap for this restaurant.  Anyway we loved it.  The Scallop hors d'oeuvre was incredible.  We wished we'd gotten 3 each for our dinner...but alas, we had one.  For dinner we had the Wellington, because it was recommended highly by two of my friends.  I was only disappointed because it was 80 pounds.  It was good, and fed both my girlfriend and I...but I'm not sure it was "80 pounds good".  It did come with two sides: we chose Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans, which were both very good.  Wine = outstanding Service = outstanding Ambience = outstanding Appetizer = outstanding Dinner = good Sides = grea
3 I went to The Witchery with some work colleagues a couple of years ago.  I found it OK, the food was pretty good, however, I thought the service could have been better.  I have friends who have been more recently and they thought the same.  It's a shame as The Witchery has a really good reputation - seems that it isn't as consistent as it maybe should be.
4 As good as it gets in terms of ambience!! I've never been in such a beautiful restaurant. This alone makes it worth the price tag, especially for a special occasion.  Or, if you are a visitor to Edinburgh, it would be a nice way to spend an evening: dining here, roaming up to the castle look off and wandering down the royal mile as the sun sets, onward to a whisky in a cozy pub. Mmm, sounds like a perfect night (or date) to me!   As good as it gets, in Edinburgh, for dining.   I'd give it the 5 stars except I've had better service at a chain restaurant. Our server seemed disingenuous. My biggest complaint is that the dude didn't know what wine would go best with scallops (which were fabulous).  At the most famous restaurant in Edinburgh, they really should school the servers on wine pairing!
3 Not impressed... The building is beautiful, and the staff very nice and dressed... appropriately, with long aprons, bow ties and the like.  Their wine list reads like a belgian bars beer catalogue, reaching for 1cm of thickness. Sadly, they seem to lack a chef. The food was fairly prepared, but there was no richness of flavours, nothing going on in my palate... I've had a very similar venison burger in a pub. And at least there, it fit in the bun! Not a bad experience at all, but know you are going for the quaint atmosphere, the candles, the decor, and the wines. Not so much the food....
1 My only regret is that I can't give this place zero stars.  Where to start?  Bad slow rude service.  Food was mediocre at best and the cost was very high.  We actually passed on The Kitchin to go here.  My wife will never hear the end of it.  Friend ordered the ribeye, I ordered the scallops, wife ordered the three little pigs.  I switched with wife when food came as I knew that she wouldn't like hers.  Ok the "3 little pigs", a lump of pig fat approx 2 inch square, uneatable, the "loin" was minuscule, and no we are not comparing to "american" portions.   The bacon was tooth breaking.  Ok so we are done with dinner, ask for the check and then wait over 20 minutes to get check.  Friend tipped, I took the money off of the table.  Worst 2hrs of my life.  Wish wish wish I could give them zero stars.
4 Wandered in underdressed. Felt very out of place. Got the 2 course lunch for £15. (not a bad deal for a fancy restaurant). Pea ham. Fish pie. Very delicious. It's fine dining meets Scottish food. I also ordered a couple of oysters, and they didn't disappoint.
3 With all of the talk about this place we had to go here while visiting Edinburgh from the US. As such, considering the pedestal this place has been put on, I've taken a different approach to grading The Witchery. I call it the "benefit-of-the-doubt' rating system. Goes like this...I gave it 5 stars before I even sat down. Then, took away and added stars as the meal progressed. So, the stars were their's to lose.   Went there for lunch....results:  Ambience - Excellent. Let me just say that this place is spectacular.....out a movie set or fiction novel. But, it's very real and in a beautiful 16th century historic building. A very cool and other-worldly ambience. We sat in the Secret Garden area downstairs...loved it....no stars lost.   Service - Fair. Attentive when they were around. But, too slow for me. Big delay between apps and main course even though we were the 2nd table seated. Overall, took 2 hours for lunch and we were never offered anything else to drink after our initial drink orders...not even water....had to ask for everything...1 star lost.  Drinks - Excellent. Judy had a Pimm's, wife had a glass of sauv blanc and I had a Hendrick's Martini with a cuke garnish. Plus, after-lunch cappuccino's were excellent...1 star awarded (they're back to 5 stars!).  Apps - Underwhelmed. A selection of bread and butter was served. Bread seemed day-old and cold but tasted OK. I prefer warm bread. Wife had oysters on the half shell and they were reported to be good. I had a seafood bisque and it was presented nicely in an iron pot with crostini (croutons) and parmesan and rouille on the side. But, it was a vey thin soup that didn't have a distinct flavor....I'm sure it was a lot of work but it just tasted like some basic fish stock. I usually think of a bisque as being thicker and richer but this may just be a cultural thing. It was neither good nor bad....1 star lost.  Main Course - This one is tricky. Kids split the roasted chicken with fondant potato and green beans and chips on the side. My wife and Judy got the roasted, hot-smoked salmon with sweet potatoes and green beans. My mother-in-law Mary and I both got Guy Grieve's scallops w/ pancetta and whipped potatoes. Here's the rundown...kids' chicken had good flavor but was very dry....seemed like it may have sat for a while. Their chips were very good, though. The salmon was reported from wife and Judy as being simple but very good. Seems like it had a lemon/butter-based sauce with it and served with green beans. They really liked the dish. Everything about the scallop dish was mediocre. Whipped potatoes were cold (ok, luke warm), scallops were over cooked or had been sitting under a salamander for too long. Pancetta was hard and chewy. Salad was not memorable....1 star lost.  So, it was an OK experience in the end. My wife and Judy enjoyed their meals. Mary and I didn't. All agreed the service was not the best. But, all agreed the ambience was outstanding. Would go there again for dinner because this place is so special but with the hope of a better food experience.  I
4 Without a doubt this is a fine restaurant. The food is all locally sourced and if I were from Edinburgh it would make me very proud to know that a restaurant of this calibre existed in my city. I went there with my wife to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary and was not disappointed. First, the wine list is enormous and has very, very, fine wines from all over the world (I noticed a $6,000 bottle of wine!!). My wife and I decided on Champagne the night we were there and we had a large and prestigious selection to make our choice from. Next, the food. We were both impressed by the quality of the ingredients and the fact that it was all locally sourced. I started with a Shellfish bisque and then had a grilled Lobster from the Isle of Mull with a truffle sauce macaroni and my wife had a wonderful smoked salmon from Loch Duart (which, by a happy coincidence, is where her Clan's Castle, Maclean of Duart is located). Our desserts were wonderful. Hers was a burnt Cambridge Cream with passion fruit sorbet and mine was a Blairgowrie Strawberry and lemon verbena custard tart with strawberry sorbet. To top the meal off after our coffee we had to have some Scottish Whisky (when in Rome...) Hers was a Tobermory 10-year old (again the Isle of Mull theme) and mine was a Jura 16-year old. Lastly, the setting and the dining room ambiance is superb!
4 So it was the boy and I's first time in Edinburgh and we were on a traveler's budget. I had read wonderful things about the Witchery's food and ambiance, but knew the dinner menu was way too pricey for us, so we decided to head over for the (much more reasonably priced) lunch one day instead.  The atmosphere is delightful, as other Yelpers have attested, and would make for an excellent special occasion meal (but suited us just fine for a nice lunch while in town). Service was flawless as you'd expect in such a place (although to be fair, it wasn't exactly packed as it was a weekday around 2), everyone was wicked friendly and every staff member who interacted with us was professional, kind, and very cheerful. Of note is the bartender who cared enough about his drinks/customers that he came over to discuss what kind of liquor to use in the boy's Manhattan (he recommended Whisky, which ended up being delicious, and was even the same price as the normal Manhattan, £8).  In a beautiful setting like this, often the food takes a back seat to the ambiance... but I'm happy to say we were quite pleased with the food (love love love the commitment to locally sourced ingredients!). The boy chose the reasonably priced (£15.95) 2 course prix fixe lunch with the pea and ham soup and the venison burger, and I deviated at the last minute and went with the pricer smoked grilled Scottish salmon on the normal menu (because really, if you're a fish eater and don't have salmon while in Scotland, you are definitely missing out). I was in heaven with my own meal, that salmon was soooo fresh and flavorful, with a nice smokey flavor and grilled perfectly, accompanied by delightful sweet potatoes and green beans. Totally worth the £21 splurge. The boy was similarly happy with his meal, the soup tasted like the peas were just shelled a few minutes before, and the venison burger had a great flavor (he especially liked the cranberry relish). Even the complimentary bread and butter were tasty (that butter was so fresh, mmm).  All in all, we had a great meal and would recommend it to anyone looking for a cool/romantic atmosphere and excellent food for lunch.
4 A beautiful restaurant located in the shadow of Edinburgh Castle. Superb food and a nice atmosphere made for an enjoyable evening.  Took a bit of a chance with venison in a chocolate sauce, but it really added a nice subtle flavor.  The bread pudding was also nicely done - even for a traditionalist like myself.  The service was very good - friendly and attentive.  The Witchery is well worth a night out.
5 The food and atmosphere is amazing at this historic restaurant by the castle.  We ate at The Witchery on Christmas Eve and it could not have been more perfect.  The lighting was dim and inviting and the small, crowded dining room felt somehow warm and cozy instead of clausterphobic.  Our waiter was very friendly but not over-bearing.  He suggested the right wines and right accompaniments for each of our entrees.  The food was fabulous modern Scottish, made with local ingredients.  The Loch Duart salmon may have been the best highlight of my whole trip to Edinburgh!
4 Dining highlight of four days in Edinburgh. The atmosphere is amazing, the food is good (but honestly, nothing to slap your mamma about.)   The mister had the steak, I had the fish. Still, even very good food in Scotland is pretty rare, and the experience of The Witchery is worth every dime.  One other big plus: they make a nice martini, something which is also pretty elusive in Scotland.
3 The atmosphere is wonderful. The food is meh. Everything that we had was pretty bland. We both had a hot salmon appetizer (mine had like 6 bones in it which was odd) which was ok. Then Sam had sea bream and I had daube of beef, both which were fine but nothing special. We had the rhubarb ginger creme brulee for dessert which was probably the tastiest part of our meal. I'd still recommend it just for the experience but don't expect much from the food!
3 I admit I had been wanting to visit and dine at the Witchery for years. I think I read about it in Victoria magazine like 15 years ago or something. Not sure what I was expecting but as it is pretty upscale I thought the food would be amazing. Sadly it was not. I have no complaints, but like Carrie S, I found the meal to be "meh". Just OK. Well presented, everything was fresh, it just lacked flavor or oomph. No innovation at all. The service was impeccable, and although I was disappointed that we couldn't get into the Witchery proper, the Secret Garden was very pretty and atmospheric.   Not sure what another reviewer is talking about by saying good food in Scotland is rare. Everything we had in Scotland no matter where we dined was excellent, from inexpensive teas to seafood dinners. Although the Witchery is a beautiful restaurant it actually didn't stand out as one of the better places to dine in Edinburgh, which is a bit sad, but that being said I can't say that the food was bad.
3 The Witchery has what I can only describe as the best service I've ever received at a restaurant.  We were greeted by out names on arrival (presumably the only reservation at that time!) and every person who came to our table was extremely friendly, helpful, and absolutely professional.  The setting of our meal was also gorgeous, as you would expect here.  However, this gets three stars because, as The Man said "it was the kind of food you would expect from a gastropub... where you would pay a fraction of the price." My charcuterie platter was tiny and uninteresting, The Man's omelette was cute but had fish in it which wasn't actually stated on the menu (that I saw, anyway). The Man enjoyed his fish pie, but my "wild mushroom risotto with truffle oil" was a disgrace.  It was made with actual rice (rather than arborio) and had no truffle oil.  The taste was fine but you absolutely don't expect to receive that kind of dish in a place like The Witchery.  To sub in normal rice was shocking.  And to skip the stated truffle oil was also shocking.   We opted for the dessert platter which we enjoyed and thought was a great value (£10.50), but at £5 a shot the espresso was a wallet shock.    We had a voucher for a light lunch, which was two courses, and to that we added a bottle of wine, dessert and coffee.  Without tip, we paid £47 for wine, dessert and coffee.    Unfortunately, it was all exactly as I expected.  The Witchery is famous for the location, the ambiance and the fantastic service, but definitely not the food.  We came here because of a voucher, but would never opt to come here and actually pay full price.
4 This is pretty much exactly the fancy sort of place you expect/hope it would be.  I'll start by saying we ate in the lower garden area and not in the older upper wooden section.  My mother was disappointed by this until she checked out the upper section after we'd finished.  It was hot as could be in the wooden area and pretty cramped.  SO in the end I was happy we ended up where we were.  Definitely on the expensive side but you should already know that going there.   A massive wine list, good food... sometimes great food, and a really nice atmosphere.    TIP:  Try and see if you can have your meal end on or around 10:30pm.  One of the greatest moments of my trip to Edinburgh was standing in the little Witchery doorway and watching an army of bagpipers march right by us, within inches.   If you're there when the Royal Tattoo is in progress you might be lucky enough to see it.   I found it far more impressive than the actual Tattoo itself.
3 I had really high hopes for this restaurant as it was recommend by many people familiar with this restaurant and my dining preferences.  It is a beautiful room, we ate in the older wooden section, simply called the Witchery Restaurant, rather than the Secret Garden(was worried about the weather),    Reserved two weeks in advance online, could only procure 5:30 pm or 8:30 pm, and we wanted to eat early.  The restaurant did not really fill up until 7:00 pm, so I wonder why we couldn't have gotten 6:00 pm reservations.  We arrived early, and the kitchen did not open until 5:30 so we settled into a glass of white wine for my wife and a whisky for me....the Maitre D' rolled his eyes at us when we showed up.  When we did order, I think my wife had the crab cocktail, I ordered the Smoked fish from the Inverawe smokehouse for £13.50($21.75 or so, US) this is Loch Etive trout with Isle of Mull crab crème fraîche, eel with pickled cucumber, andhot-smoked salmon with beetroot purée.  It was very tasty, and literally two bites of each....for over $20.00, I would have preferred three bites.  For dinner, I'm pretty sure that my wife had the scallops, I requested the Rump of Borders roe deer, £27.00($44.00 US) Pommes Anna, roast squash, purple fig, wild garlic and chocolate oil....I made it very clear to the Maitre D' who took our initial order that I wanted the deer MEDIUM, not rare, as it has been my experience that for some reason these days, chefs prefer to serve game, pork and duck on the rare side, which I find unreasonably chewy.    It came out rare, and I sent it back, they took my wifes plate as well, which was very classy.  When it came back(about 10 minutes, right on time, afaic) it was delicious and my wife was EXTREMELY pleased with her dish.  I don't recall any amuse bouche.  For dessert, we shared a kick butt sampler, with about three items, they were all delicious and I had Armagnac to accompany it.  Would I go back?  Yes....I would check out the Secret Garden, and I would be "firmer" in my requests.  I had also checked my umbrella upon arrival, and they did not offer it back to me and I forgot it, and had to purchase a new one upon returning home.  Food was great, but definitely sized and priced to a European sensibility(smaller, expensive portions) and the service was lacking a bit.
4 went for lunch. had the set menu. was reasonably priced and decent food.   what made it for me was the surroundings. like eating in Henry VIII's court. chandeliers, table settings, tapestries, candles. beautiful.  a must for fine dining in edinburgh, even if its not 100% fine.
4 For a place with their reputation, the only acceptable review ought to be five stars, so the stars are theirs to lose. Thus this review will have a somewhat negative tone even though this was a very nice meal. Here are the two chief reasons I find it impossible to award them five stars: 1. The bread. It was nowhere close to the quality of bread I have had at much less reputable institutions. Is this what their mainstream clientele wants? I hope not, and thus they need to up the level of the bread significantly and it wouldn't even be difficult. 2. My daughter's scallops were served with a very nice tarragon sauce and nearly cold, unimpressive mashed potatoes. I have no problems with mashed potatoes, but even I can make better mashed potatoes, and serve it warm. (If this was truly the intention by the chef, then I guess we will just have to disagree on it being a good idea.) 3. This is a bit whiney but here we go: They were out of the vintage port wine by the glass and instead of corking up something else, they would only suggest that I go with the LBV instead. Nope. Not happening. But a true five star establishment would have opened some other bottle (or just make sure they don't run out). Having said this, here are some things they get right: 1. Very impressive wine list. 2. Very nice interior. We were in the "Secret Garden", so if there is a next time, we will try the original dining room. 3. Great (though not perfect) service. 4. My main dish of monkfish was delicious, as was the cheese plate, and the chocolate tart. So, if there is a second time, and I hope there will be, I expect them to have perfected their glitches and be a true five star experience.
2 It was a pampering experience but unless money is no object I wouldn't go for the food, which was fine but unremarkable. My hot smoked salmon would have passed for mediocre wedding food. The beef tartare appetizer was fine. The fudge that came with the coffee was meltingly delicious and they seem to do bottomless coffee so if you have the chutzpah to come and enjoy the ambience and unlimited coffee with fudge for 5.95£, you have all my support! Otherwise I think that the average diner for whom a restaurant with these price points is an extravagant treat is mainly paying for the maintenance of an extensive wine list you mostly can't afford anyway. I recommend the Northbridge Brasserie (at the Scotsman Hotel) for a luxurious meal that will be delicious in proportion to cost.
2 I've just been reminded to update my review...  After my mediocre dining experience which included white rice instead of arborio risotto, I actually contacted the manager.  I wasn't sure if the kitchen had run out of arborio or if this was standard practice and either way I want to make management aware that, while the wait staff were fantastic, I was very let down by my fake risotto.  He never got back to me.    Specifically, I emailed someone who got back to me saying "I'm sorry you didn't enjoy your food" or something along those lines, and saying they would pass my email onto the general manager.  It was the general manager who never responded.    I felt this was an incredibly poor way of handling a customer who was previously mildly put off but is now really unimpressed.
4 I recently got treated to a very nice meal here. Overall, it was a outstanding and very romantic experience. As we walked down the tiny alleyway to the entrance of the restaurant you can't help feeling slightly whimsical. Our table was reserved in the 'Secret Garden' section of the restaurant.   I do have to agree with Jonas B. below on the bread situation. I had tomato and rosemary focaccia which was good but I think you can expect better at restaurants of this calibre. I had foie gras as my starter - which you don't see on too many menus here. It was heavenly. For my main I had the hot smoked salmon. My partner had a fillet of limousin Scotch beef which included grilled marrow. We were both impressed with our meals. We shared an excellent bottle of Chenin Blanc and creme brulee for dessert.  We were offered complimentary espressos and a latte which came with macaroons and fudge. The macaroons were somewhat stale but the fudge was divine.  I think the restaurant does really well because it presents a really lovely atmosphere and experience. I've been to fine dining restaurants in other cities and there's a magical element to The Witchery that other places lack. I suppose being in the backdrop of the castle helps!  I would love to come back for lunch when there's natural light shining through as the restaurant is fairly dark (this isn't a criticism, I liked it dark).   I found the service excellent - not too inquisitive on how our meal was. Very professional and knowledgeable.   We finished our meal around 11ish and there were a few tables that were just being seated. I'm not sure if they regularly seat such late (for Edinburgh) diners but this might be something to take note of for future reference!
5 Ok so my only downfalls of this fine establishment was..the bread that they served wasnt warm and i had to ask for butter.  We opted for the the set £30 three course menu, and It is some of the best food ive ever tasted!! I could not fault it and the desert was the best ive ever tasted...I normally think lemon meringue is boring...but i was intrigued by lemon meringue sundae?!! Soooooooo glad i tried it!! I really cannot explain how good it was...they have some top chefs working in that kitchen! We stayed for Tia Maria coffee and have some tablet, i was completely full! They also have an extensive wine menu and when they didnt have any Pinot Grigio the tried to get a similar one and allowed us to taste a couple to see it they suited.  Cannot fault the staff and the dark candle lit tables were sooo romantic!! ( although i was with my mum) was be a great place for a date!!  I would go back tomorrow! If you are unsure choose the 3 course set menu..you wont be dissapointed !!
1 These people we're so rude to us before we even got a table, we walked out.  Thai Orchid around the corner was a much better experience.    The Witchery is so pompous it's "scary."
5 Wow! We stayed overnight in one of their suites (The Library) which was so incredibly romantic and sumptuous that we didn't want to leave and see the rest of Edinburgh. We also ate at their restaurant, and were not disappointed. Delicious food and amazing wine in a very intimate and well-appointed dining room. Our waiter, Seoridh, helped us navigate the extensive wine list and choose a bottle that complemented our meal perfectly. We will definitely be back the next time we visit the city.
3 I went to this place for the lunch, since it was recommended in many guidebooks and by many people. I have to say, I was a bit disappointed. The 2 course lunch deal isn't £12.95 anymore, it is £15.95, meaning it is about $25, that is not really cheap. I know I know, you go there for the atmosphere, but for $25, I expected better food. And like other people are saying, bread were cold. How disappointing. And they pressure you to get wine. Since I was there for Fringe festival and I didn't want to drink before the show, I declined the offer but they kept asking. Here is the thing, don't pressure your customer to buy anything, or they will not come back. And Andrew Lloyd Webber said this is the prettiest place... well, I have seen better. It is pretty, but it didn't take my breath away. Also, since it was the midst of August, lots of family with kids were there too so I guess it is kids friendly.   What really infuriates me is that the price for bottled water and TEA!!!!!! £5 for Glenlivet Speyside mineral water is a bit much, but £5 for a pot of tea, and I mean POT OF TEA, and tea bag is a regular TWININGS ENGLISH BREAKFAST!!!!!!! Can't you at least use loose tea leaves? And something a bit more fancy? Like Fortnum and Mason??? I felt like I got raped when I saw that on the bill.  FYI if you ask for a water, they will give you the £5 mineral water, so you may want to specify tap water, or whatever they call tap water over there. Unless, you are cool with paying £5 for a bottled water.
5 EXCELLENT food in a delightfully medieval atmosphere.  Service was polite and quick, but did not rush us at all.  We had a great time at the Witchery--but it was a little expensive.
5 loved our meal, loved our waiter, great service and wow - what an ambiance.  Thanks all for making moms 90th perfect.
3 The Witchery in Edinburgh Wer in dieser Stadt ist und sich die Kritiken durchliest, kommt am Witchery nicht vorbei. Der erste Eindruck nobel, nett und mit Herz eingerichtet.  Die Menueauswahl sehr verlockend, das Essen gut; die Weinauswahl international z. T. sehr expensive. Leider gibt es einen Punkteabzug bezügl. des Personals  eine gewisse Überheblichkeit kan man einzelnen Personen nicht absprechen.  Aber in Summe immer ein Besuch wert.
4 Food 4/5 Service 4/5 Ambience 5/5  Our favourite dining experience whilst in Edinburgh for the holiday.  It wasn't the best food but it was decent. Traditional faire such as meat pies, haggis, blood sausages, etc. are done well. There are other michelin star worthy restaurants we ate at in Edinburgh but nothing beat the history or atmosphere of this place.  Situated in Old Town Edinburgh, right next to the castle, this was apparently part of the jail barracks centuries ago. Rumours abound of haunted spirits that were tortured in these gallows still roam this restaurant and surrounding buildings of the castle.  The inside of the restaurant was very small, romantic and quaint - most doors in the UK are tiny but this place reminded me of entering a Hobbit's home. I thought it was way too hot inside, despite it being below freezing and windy outside. It was hard to remove all my layers of clothing with such tight quarters.  If you only had one night in Edinburgh for the first time, I'd highly recommend going here.
4 The Witchery will have the highest grade in presentation, just telling you now.  I'm not spoiling anything.  This is not a predictable plot with a Shyamalan-like fifth act twist.  By saying this early, I can make you wet your imaginative appetites (see what I did there) as you contemplate how this place could possibly look better that Inamo or Claridge's.  The Witchery matches Claridge's in their dedication to offering a fine dining experience over just good food.  I've been thinking about that, about how I prefer to have a dining experience.  I would never go out "to get food."  "Let's get something to eat" would be replaced with "Let's go out tonight."  This is why I haven't eaten fast food in five years.  I go out for the treatment and the experience as much as the food eaten.  As I sat down and took my first glance at the menu, I knew I was in good hands.  Our third water had come down with water after the second had brought the menus.  As the rain fell outside, we enjoyed the warmth of the Witchery. And then we ordered haggis. I know what you were thinking with that statement.  "...and this was when it went downhill."  Haggis has a rather tepid reputation amongst westerners, squarely because of various negative images and connotations.  For me it, it was Highlander, where a French actor playing a Scotsman explains what haggis is to a Scottish actor playing an Egyptian.  When hearing that haggis was sheep's stomach stuffed with meat and barley, the Egyptian played by the Scotsman retorts, "How revolting!" But let's analyze what haggis really is.  To do that, you must come face to face with the realization that you've been eating its brother for most of your life. Sausage, it's the same stuff in a different package.  Where haggis employs a stomach, sausage uses intestines.  This process continues today, though most industrial manufacturers have cheapened out and switched to synthetic cases.  So haggis can be looked upon as just a sausage ball.  How much harm could come from that? You're probably thinking the other shoe is going to drop, but no.  The haggis was the first ordered, the first arrived, and was so overwhelming delicious that it sullied all dishes to follow.  The skin gave way the moment you scared it with the fork.  I'm so hooked on haggis now; I could eat it for breakfast, second breakfast, elevensies, luncheon, afternoon tea, dinner, and supper.  It was so good; I'd forgotten to take a photo.  I know; I'm naval lint.  The haggis was 9.50 and a bargain.  From there, we took in the d'Hote Menu, basically what we have been doing nearly everywhere else.  Between meals were offers of bread, the same as Claridge's.  My mother ordered wine to my water, the same as Claridge's.  Three courses were 30 quid.  Does that sound good?  It's less than half than Claridge's, so this place just got an A+ in value.  The actual starter after the haggis was offered as three options.  My mother elected for the grilled Irish oysters, pancetta, spinach, and hollandaise while I had the Tamworth ham hock en gelée, piccalilli, with grain mustard mayonnaise.  And you couldn't have a more complicated and more delicious way of saying "spreadable meat and mayo on bread." We both decided the main should be the grilled gigot of new season lamb, rosemary potato cake, with aubergine caviar and tomato jus.  Alas, this is where the Witchery falters.  We must have been missing a point to this because the lamb was almost entirely fat.  It was a nearly inedible minefield of grizzle forcing us both to spit portions back onto plate like we were Gordon Ramsey in a kitchen nightmare.  The sides were good but this meal was ultimately a disappointment... what a shame.  In retrospect, I should have gone for my first choice, the butter-poached potato gnocchi with garden peas, broad beans, ricotta and mint.  The mean was redeemed with organic carrot cake topped with mascarpone ice cream blueberry syrup.  The Witchery was sizing up to be the greatest restaurant of the trip.  It did everything else to perfection, from service to décor, to every other dish.  It still gets extremely high praise from me because this one poor dish just wasn't enough to sour the entire experience.  I would definitely return.  I would also say that you won't regret going and should do so, just avoid the lamb. Food:  8/10 Service: 10/10 Presentation:  10/10 Value:  8/10 Recommendation:  9.3/10
5 I have a hard time giving high-rated restaurants five stars, but The Witchery definitely deserved it! We had a large group of 13 and they not only were amazingly efficient, they knew everyone's wine preference by memory, had amazing food and were the nicest and most amenable staff for such a large group that I've seen. Hats off for great food, service, ambiance and overall dinner experience.
4 This is one restaurant I have wanted to try for sometime. Heard great things about it, the food, the location, the decor etc. The food was excellent. Can't really fault it and the atmosphere was lovely with great service. Only negative point is I'd say its a little pricey. Have been to other restaurants in town that were as good if not better and cheaper. I think if I was a foreign tourist I'd be blown away with the whole package. Otherwise a great night out and have to recommend to others if you're prepared to pay that little bit more.
2 The ambiance the service and the wine were 4 to 5 star. The food was tourist food. VERY unexceptional. The first meal in the UK I've been disappointed in.   Had a scallop aperitif that was "okay". Nothing interesting about it. Had a vegetarian risotto that sounded amazing and was totally tasteless. My niece had a cauliflower soup aperitif that was bland and a potato stuffed with crab etc... she said "I wouldn't send it back but it was just dull". The food in a word... dull.
5 The Witchery is a restaurant with rooms.   5 stars for lodging (the Library room) and for the restaurant both!  LODGING: The Library room is exquisitely decorated and serviced (see their website for detail and pix). Although it is on Royal Mile, just steps from the Edinburgh Castle, the room is dead quiet (props to old stone buildings). The room is spacious and well decorated as a time piece, but not ostentatiously so. More thought should be given to adding closet space though. It is very clean and comfortable and WARM in these winter months. Complimentary continental breakfast arrives at the moment that was requested; delicious croissants, porridge in iron pots, and creamy yogurt were favorites.   RESTAURANT: We had dinner in the original dining room. We almost did not because of some of the less than positive comments in other Yelp reviews. I'm glad we did, though, because it was as if those disappointed yelpers had dined somewhere else.  Simply put, our dinner at The Witchery was one of the finest meals we've had anywhere. The room is well appointed, mysteriously quiet and candlelit. The service was comfortably impeccable. The lamb Wellington (served for two) was the tenderest of meats I've ever had, and deliciously prepared. The duck was equally tender and flavourful. The sides of whipped potatoes, ratatouille were sublime. The deserts - made to order bread and butter pudding and a variety plate of rhubarb sorbet, chocolate and other hand made delights was... delightful.   Don't pass this restaurant by - and stay for the night if you can.
2 What a disappointment.    I had been looking forward to going to this restaurant for years, and finally had a chance over the holidays.   I guess I would compare my experience to wanting to go out with that beautiful girl or handsome fellow, for forever, and finally getting that chance. This person at first, is beautiful, seems intriguing, alluring and you believe you will really hit it off. However, once you actually go out with that person, you realize that beyond that physical attraction, there is very little substance underneath and you know that you never want to go out with person again. Such was my experience at the witchery.  Upon our arrival, the hostess was...well...curt....not necessarily being overtly rude, but not exactly welcoming.  Regardless, I set it aside and we were brought down the stairs into the Secret Garden. The candlelit room was stunning and dressed up for the holidays. It was quite an impressive setting.  However, it is the only reason why it gets two stars and it is also where the magic ends. Much of the remainder of our experience was just, blah.   Our waiter was not friendly, not rude, just sort of existing and did nothing to enhance our experience at the restaurant. In fact, nondescript is the perfect description.   We ordered off the three course fixed price menu. I ordered the cauliflower velouté; flat iron steak; and cheese course for dessert. The food was mediocre at best, with the cheese course being the best of the three dishes. The velouté was too salty for my taste and I needed a hack saw to cut though my flat iron steak.   We also had problems with the service of our meal. When one of parties steak not properly cooked, we ended up finishing our main course when her steak was finally brought to the table.  To finish off this forgettable experience, at the time of paying our bill, the waiter overcharged us on one item---which to their credit was removed. However, we did not realize until later that when the waiter took it upon himself to charge us in US dollars, there was a 3% charge for the privilege.   Certainly not the experience we were looking forward to.
3 It's expensive, it's atmospheric and it's slightly over-blown. The food is good. In some ways it is very good but it is not into Thomas Keller territory. This food will not thrill your soul. It isn't art but it's well-prepared and presented, albeit in micro-portions at eye-watering prices. The service is decent. The décor is charming. The clientèle are trying to show off. We just came in after a day of sight-seeing, a family of 6 with a tired 5 year old child who found nothing to eat that she could relate to. Unfortunate at these prices that children are welcomed but not in any way catered for. Try a little harder, Witchery. My husband was not amused at the paltry selection for vegetarians and the mini-glasses of beer sold at full price. Nothing on draught either. For one of the most exclusive and hyped eateries in town, this place is okay but nothing to write home about.
5 We saved the best for last on our whirlwind Scotland vacation. We had a great time touring around the countryside, but I wanted to make sure to end things on a high note. The Witchery was the perfect choice.  There is a lot of history here, since the building was erected in 1595. The ambiance was brilliant. Old, dark, hand-carved woods on the walls and ceiling. Every member of the staff we encountered was exceptionally friendly. It was very romantic, with tableside candle light. The table flower arrangement was a thistle and a rose, commemorating the marriage of James IV and Margaret Tudor, which foreshadowed the union between England and Scotland. It was fun having a history lesson right on our table. All in all, it was like having a fancy dinner in the 1600s.  Of course haggis was on the menu (it's Scotland after all), but I'd already had my fill on this trip. We started instead with a bowl of Witchery Shellfish Bisque, complete with rouille, croutons, and gruyere cheese. The croutons and rouille were awesome together: rich, creamy, and garlicky. It was a nice way to warm up my palate.  For my entree, I couldn't resist their Three Little (rare breed) Pigs: roast loin pulled pork fritter, crispy pork belly, and grilled pork shoulder, along with a Cox's apple puree and sweet potato fondant. I was very anxious to try these local Scottish piggies.   The sweet potato fondant had a good sweetness to it and paired nicely with the apple puree. My pulled pork fritter was full of tender meat, covered in a magnificent crisp batter. It too was great with the apple. As I expected, the pork belly was very decadent and pleasantly salty. It also came with bacon, which makes everything better. The pork shoulder had a nice sear to it, and it had a good balance of meat and fat. Like everything else, it also paired well with the apple puree.  Dessert was essential here. It took some thought, but we finally decided on their Single Estate Madagascan Chocolate Tart, which also comes with an orange blossom ice cream and white chocolate pirouettes. Orange and chocolate go great together in general, and this was no exception. It was dense and fudgey.   We finished off the meal with some decaf Liqueur Gaelic Irish Coffee. Brown sugar is the way to go with this drink. It was a nice warm nightcap. I really wanted the pistachio biscotto that came with it, but I was way too full by that point.  The Witchery was the perfect end to what had been a perfect vacation.
2 We ate here last month. It was eye-wateringly expensive, there is little vegetarian choice, and not only is there no children's menu but they would not condescend to make our 5-year-old anything that was not on the menu. For the price point (£60 a head) this was below average.
2 I definitely think this place is riding on the coattails of their buildings history and long-standing reputation. I was very underwhelmed by my three-course meal here. I had a soup for a starter, chicken for my main, and a dessert that I barely ate and can't seem to remember... obviously left a good impression. Perhaps I'm spoiled in Dublin with restaurants that have food with amazing taste and beautiful presentation for a bit cheaper... but still, come on. I don't know who they're fooling with a piece of chicken on a plate with mash. I definitely think they need to up their game before people realise their quality doesn't match their reputation anymore.   I also found it very irritating and cheesy that they menu listed celebrities who had visited the restaurant. A solid restaurant wouldn't have to boast such things...
5 Recommended by an Edinburgh native that we work with, my wife and I went to the Witchery during our long-delayed honeymoon, as the only "fancy" dinner of the trip.   We were promised the best restaurant in Edinburgh, and not disappointed! Of course, that comes with one of the most expensive meals we've ever had (if not the most--the poor dollar/pound rate doesn't help), but it was worth it for the special occasion.   We both got the three-course meal, picking different options so we could try most things. That included scallop cassoulet, chicken and trout entrees, and then lemon tart and rhubarb savarine for dessert. Everything was fantastic--we didn't leave anything on our plates.   We started with cocktails; my gin martini was quite good, and while her French 75 was a bit too sour, they were happy to fix it. The wine list is quite extensive, we had a nice French Sauvignon blanc.   All in all, I'm glad we went; it is certainly pricy but perfect for a special romantic night.
2 When you are on a savings clearing trip with your family and decide to spend lavishly on a couple of "grand" nights out - I would strongly advise giving this spot a pass.   If you are going to spend 35 pounds / $60.00 on an entree (veal ribeye) you don't expect it to come w/slightly melted Saran Wrap welded onto it (3/4" x 3" piece of plastic) and when you point that out to the staff, you might expect a bit more in response than a blowoff "well that's just the wrapping for the meat, it shouldn't be there" and nothing more - at the end of the meal, the restaurant made the gesture of striking our two cocktails from the bill - but never seemed too concerned about how they were presenting their very pricey "fayre"  In general, we had a much better experience overall (food & service, anyway) the night before at a grass market pub (the Kingfisher) for a fraction, a wee fraction of the price - in summary, save your money, they don't seem to be too concerned with what they are serving and the location is not enough to make up for their kitchen's carelessness or their waiter's haughtiness.
