1 This is another of my first year haunts which I look back on, and am literally haunted. As my uni was in the middle of nowhere and Mood sponsored our sports team, there was a very convenient bus which picked us up from our halls, dropped us at Mood then picked us up again at 3 am and took us home. The 'Mood Bus' was a party in itself and saved on the £15 cab fare.  However there is a reason we were the only crowd that would be in this club. It is awful! It's cheap, but the drinks are horrendous. I remember arguing with the barmaid who told me the Lemonade was fine even though it was clearly off. The music is as cheesy as it gets and it has a real sleaze factor to it. Looking back, it reminds me of a school disco from the lack of decor to the very young customers. I honestly don't know anyone who goes here apart from misguided freshers.  Best avoided I think!
3 Many may think that Mood is not at the cutting edge of the nightclub scene, but all the boo boys and trendies who slate it may not know that it is the venue that spectacularly relaunched the career of TV legend Keith Chegwin.  Back around 2004, the genius Cheggers made a personal appearance here, and it still goes down in Edinburgh folklore as one of those "where were you when?" moments. Since then the alcoholic former TV presenter and failed comedian hasn't looked back, and is currently living the dream staggering drunkenly around the stage at parties and corporate events for anything up to £100 a night, plus a half bottle of brandy to settle the nerves.   He's available most days up until the end of the year, but tends to get booked up very quickly so if you want your event  to fizzle out in a cringeworthy, faintly tragic style please be quick.
2 I came here reluctantly when a friend of mine insisted that we 'branch out' when it comes to going to clubs, which was a fair point, me and my friends did seem to be caught in a student bubble where we ended up going to the same old clubs on certain nights. Instead of going to the trusty Potterow on a Saturday night, we agreed to come here and I ended up regretting it. It seemed pretty rough inside and there was a real range of people who come here- mostly under-aged drinkers or those whose clubbing days should have been left behind them a long time ago. The drinks were however pretty decently priced, which is good as drinking a lot is probably the only way to actually get a good night out of the place. I doubt I will be leaving the student bubble on a Saturday night in the future.
3 Mood is keeping me awake many nights! I am sadly the only member of my flat whose room faces the lovely by day (and extremely annoying by night) Union street which is just adjacent to Leith Walk.  Walk past here any Friday or Saturday night after midnight, and you will marvel at the debacle that is the British party animal. I still haven't adjusted to the odd, albeit amusing, behaviour, and girls' dressing which is quite oblivious to the weather! I feel like reminding them, that we are in Edinburgh, it is past midnight and a handkerchief paired with stilettos is just as unhealthy as it is distasteful. Rant over.  The club itself has some live music nights from time to time, and the music is pretty standard chart stuff. All I know is that it's loud, but I can't exactly walk over in my Pj's and ask they crank it down a little.
1 Oooft!!!! I think that sums it up for me. For our hen night we were looking for a club for some cheesy tunes to round off our night.   We only ended up here because of the free entry for hen parties. We had been walking by earlier on in the day and spotted the sign. So took note of the phone number as you were to call before 10pm. We thought it wasn't too far aswell from our apartment we were staying at.   We were given instructions to arrive before 11pm to gain our free entry and make sure we have ID if/look under 25. Well we got in no problem at all, they had taken our name for our party when we called but hadn't asked when we arrived. It seemed they didn't really care, just more people through the door I suppose.   When we went in the place seemed nice, a huge one level venue with a dancefloor in the middle. I liked the sign that said all drinks £2. I think that was about all that was ok about this place.   We tried to get a seat but nearly all of the seats were reserved so we ended up standing round a table next to a pillar and that was us for the next 3 hours. Ouch!   The music was awful, I was hoping for some cheesy tunes, I could count on one hand the cheesy tunes we got. It was hard core dance music and that was more of a headache that good dancing tunes.  The drinks were awful as the syrup had gone in the coke. We thought they had got the drinks mixed up as one of us was drinking cranberry and vodka and with the lighting we thought they'd given us all cranberry but it was coke but off.  The clientele looked mostly looked underage with most girls wearing a belt for skirts and sleazy guys on tap. The place certainly filled up, it was really mobbed. Try and avoid the toilets if you can or go early on while they're still bearable.  If you want a cheap dirty night out then this is the place.
