5 When my B/F And I came to visit Edinburgh, one of the things on our agenda was to go on a tour. We were near this place which feature Scottish whiskey when we read about the Cadies and Witchery Tours. We were instantly intrigued.   We went on the Ghosts and Gore tour at 1930 and it was amazing. Our host was this man who called himself Alexander Clapperton (decreased). He was hilarious. He is from somewhere in England and enjoys entertaining people with history mixed in with some wholesome humor. Throughout the entire tour, our tour group was put to tears from laughing so hard. Even though it was raining, we had a great time.   Tips to know: 1) the tour will continue regardless of weather. So be sure to wear sensible shoes and dress for the weather. 2) you can pay through the phone or in person when you reserve a spot on the tour.   I strongly recommend going on this tour or on the Mystery and Murder tour which happens at 2030.
5 A MUST for every visitor. A definite must.   Ghost tours are not scary but are very informative. They tell you stories which are not written in books but which your grandma generally tells you.  Very interesting and fun...
5 There are whole range of tours that are offered in Edinburgh Old Town and even as you go round this tour you will see others plodding the same route. It seemed to me we were having the most fun on ours!   Our tour guide was a 19th century head of the Edinburgh' cemetery named Alexander Clapperton who introduced us to a several ridiculous characters along the route from the castle, down the mile and through the alleyways and courtyards I hadn't known existed.   He talks about a whole range of things from the role of the foul clangers (I won't tell you, don't want to spoil the fun) to the fighting tactics of the armies during the Highland clearances.   This is a really interesting and genuinely funny way to get to know a bit about Edinburgh's history. I had my doubts before we started but I was crying with laughter and had learnt a few facts I hope will win me some pub quizzes. Whether you are here for a weekend or you're a local I would highly recommend this for a thoroughly entertaining evening.   £7.50 for adult  £5 for child   If you have an Edinburgh Pass it is free
5 For an intelligent but light-hearted tour of Edinburgh, at night, down steep, dark alleyways lined with tales of yesteryear, look no further. This tour operator is the real deal. Located on Victoria Street, slightly off the absolutely beaten tourist track but 2 mins from the Royal Mile, The Cadies and Witchery Tours is a friendly organisation, happy to accommodate groups or singles on one of their various tours. They run a couple of tours in the summer, and one all through the winter (Murder and Mystery), every night. You can book at the shop (and if you do, give yourself a bit of time to explore the beautiful Victoria St, Victoria Terrace and Grassmarket), or book online and it's quick and painless.   It's very funny. Quite a few times I got an actual fright when someone or something jumped out at us along the way, and you don't expect it as you're so intrigued by the story that the host (Adam Lyal, a deceased gent who was executed for robbery in 1811 and has come back to tour Edinburgh at night in his long black cape... brilliant) is regaling you with.   Edinburgh at night is beautiful, and this is a lovely way to explore some of the more hidden closes and discover connecting alleyways that lead back to the mile, lovely views of Edinburgh along the way too.   It's £8.50 for adults and £6 for kids, and you get a lot of entertainment for that plus a free wee book that I'll read to remind myself of some of the finer details of the tales which I missed as I was jumping out of my skin..  I cannot recommend our guide highly enough, and I have done a good number of Edinburgh tours at this stage. Top class, would give it 10 stars if there were 10 to give!
5 In 2005 I went on a Witchery Tour.  In 2006 I moved to Scotland.  From California.    Coincidence?  I think not.    The Witchery Tours are led by a range of actors, historians and various other characters who lead you through Edinburgh's back streets and tell you interesting/comedy/dirty stories that revolve around Edinburgh's seedy past.    The tours are kitchy without being (in my opinion) obnoxious and tend to be best when they're attended by a group who have had a drink or eight and try their hand at heckling the guide who is inevitably much more clever than the heckler.    A definite must-visit.
1 I agree so hard with Wendy.  Thank you for giving it the perfect adjective:  obnoxious.  This isn't a scary tour.  You get a lamely costumed "actor" running around with plastic masks and thin robes, acting like an imbecile.  It's not an informative tour.  You get poorly told summaries of watered down stories, butchered from other more interesting websites and books.   It's not a sightseeing tour.  You see dumpsters, walk down an alley for a lame scare, go nowhere in particular, and stop at no actual "sights."  If you want to be scared, go on a different tour.  If you want to hear ghost stories, go elsewhere.  If you want to see some haunted or interesting sights at night, definitely GO ELSEWHERE.  This "tour" is made up of two annoying and immature fellows who are not at all entertaining or interesting.  The experience accomplishes nothing in particular, except for wasting an hour and taking your money.  AVOID.
3 I can see why people either love it or hate it.... It's probably more rare for someone to give this tour an "A-OK" rating.  Did I enjoy it, yeah, I did.  There were some good laughs.  Did I think it was soooo funny and great?  Well, not really.  Was it way over priced and not worth it?  No, I think it was a fair price.  So overall, yeah, it's "A-OK" for me.    If you don't like practical jokes, don't come.  If you want a detailed historical serious kinda story telling, don't come.  You won't like it.  If you are a bit goofy, had a few to drink, and just want to hear little bit of story but don't really care too much about the historical details or facts, then yeah, you'll probably like it.
4 I really enjoyed spending my last night in Edinburgh taking the "murder and mystery" tour-- the guide was funny with a very dry sense of humor, and his costumed sidekick was funny to me (though if you have a more refined sense of humor than the masses, maybe you'd find him obnoxious). I would have liked more historical sights along with the stories, but that's my only quibble. If you're into truly being scared, this probably isn't for you, but I'm a scaredy cat so the humor-scary pairing was perfect for someone like me!
