2 Great location. That cannot be over emphasized. However: uncomfortable beds (I could feel the springs), the bed made the worst noise whenever you moved (and woke up everyone else in the room), the shower was either so pressurized that you feel over or no presser at all. The staff were friendly enough, but I felt like we should have been told in advance that we were not going to be staying in the main building.
2 Really good location, but weird hostel. Nearly everyone seems to be working there for their accommodation, and there wasn't that friendly feel of a bunch of random travellers in a room together chatting. Room was fine but nothing special. It smelt of man sweat by the end of our stay because someone shut the window by their bed. Toilets were ok, showers were unreliable and strange because once you were done showering you had to kind of half get out to get your clothes and just hope no one would see you.. I wouldn't stay here again but it was cheap! Breakfast next door was quite good, where you can get a full Scottish breakfast for £3.95 rather than £6.95 for staying at the hostel.
3 This hostel is as central as it gets in Edinburgh, you can literally fall out of the nightclub straight into bed at this hostel, that is, if you're into nightclubs. I only mention that because many backpackers are in their 20's and enjoy the night life and I only mention it for that reason.  For those seeking quiet I didn't have any issues with street noise staying here and I didn't detect any rowdiness inside the hostel. It was all very quiet. The only trouble I had was during check in where the swipe card for accessing the hostel and dorms failed to work. My dorm was two floors up and so I had to come down and get the issue fixed but when I went back up it still didn't work, went back down again, then back up to find...............guess what? You guessed it, still didn't work. On the third occasion it was fixed but I called down the stairwell for assistance this time as I wasn't running up and down there all night.   The dorm itself was a good size, only a few beds, good firm mattresses and clean bedding, the rooms were clean and tidy with lockers. CCTV was in evidence as it is in most hostels so security is as good as a hostel can be, the front door is locked all the time to prevent casual visits by non residents.  The kitchen was fine, decent size with two cookers and several fridges, enough cutlery, pots and pans, utensils etc. Comfortable lounge area with tv and an adjoining games room with pool table. The lounge could use more thorough cleaning than its volunteers can manage because it did smell a bit foosty. My observation of cleaning when it took place was that it looked less than thorough. Florence Nightingale would be turning in her grave if she saw this! I've worked as a cleaner myself and I know that you need to get into every nook and cranny and scrub with gusto if you want genuine cleanliness.   The showers and bathrooms looked clean enough and plenty of space but the showers were cold so showering tends to be brief. Also there was no space in front of each shower cubicle to change so you are really having to put your clothes back on in front of other people although males and females have their own shower rooms, but again you may not feel particularly comfortable changing in front of other people of your own sex but it doesn't really bother me personally.  Overall this hostel, perhaps because it was an old building, had a jaded feel about it. I kind of half expected to meet Miss Havisham in one of the corridors such was the impression of austerity. However, at this price bracket you can't really ask for more although there are hostels delivering more for the same money. I also found contacting this hostel difficult, I couldn't find a direct phone number via any website or direct email address for amending booking dates which I found inconvenient. Finally,  I didn't have much intercourse with the staff, verbal or otherwise, but during the brief times I did interact with them they were pleasant and helpful.
