2 i have never had a nicer, happier or  friendlier server in my life. the man was a pure delight. so its somewhat painful to do this, but dont come for the lunch buffet. bland crap bland.    the highlight is the starter, which they serve you before allowing you to go to the buffet. we actually got up to hit the shit out of the buffet but were told that we had to wait til we were served the apps. all good.   on the buffet the best were the condiments. the worst would have to be the food. not good. there is a much better indian lunch buffet around the corner that i will suss out and up-star.
4 Suruchi is a friendly, and serious Indian restaurant with some fun Scottish twists on their menu.  I came here on my first night in Edinburgh in search of vegetarian fare - two other veggie places right down the street didn't pan out for various reasons, and Indian food is always a safe bet. I had an excellent Kafta Makahi dish, and when ordered with the spice level "as you would have it, please - I like spicy foods" - I was not dissatisfied. It was perfectly spicy without being overwhelming, and the flavor was excellent all around. Service was quick and pleasant, and the cook checked to see how everything was.  Price paid for a main dish, drink (Irn-Bru), and garlic nann was 13,00£  If you're looking for great Indian food at a reasonable price, and/or a wide selection of vegetarian options (including veggie haggis fritters.. what!) then give Suruchi a shot.
5 I ate lunch here today, and I actually couldn't wait to get home and review it. Whether you see that as an indication of how good this place is, or of how sad I am is up to you... but you should definitely eat there before you decide.  We went for their 2-Course lunch deal for £5.95, as we just happened to be walking past and were given a flyer. We did not regret it... although I am now extremely full!  I usually steer clear of indian restaurants as I often find the food can be very greasy and stodgy, and very often it all tastes the same. None of that is true about this place: the starter is automatically brought to you (you don't get to choose it yourself), although the waiter did ask us if we were vegetarians first. He brought us thinly sliced potatoes which had been fried in a lovely combination of spices until crispy, although I'm not going to pretend for a second that I know what they were. Alongside these we each got a huge chunk of tandoori grilled chicken and an equally massive chunk of chicken marinated in their own unique spice blend, with a side salad and home-made raita.  I'm not sure if it was the selection of mains or my boyfriend's almond and saffron lassi which was the ultimate winner, but the mains definitely played a huge part in it: there was a buffet with 4 different curry dishes - a tadka dal, a tandoori lamb curry, a veggie sweet potato & spinach curry and the best one of all... chicken cooked with cashew nut paste, roast tomatoes, garlic and green chillies. Oh. Yes.  Of course, this all came with an unlimited supply of green salad, home-made mango chutney, 2 flavours of home-made poppadums and as much home-made naan bread as you can eat. As for the lassi, you need to go and try that for yourself - at £1.75 it's an absolute steal.  The best thing about all this was the bill. For two of us to eat more than, in all probability, was healthy for that time of the day, a lassi, a beer and large bottle of mineral water we paid just £17.  If you like indian food, or even think you might do but you're still not sure, I can't recommend this place highly enough.
4 If you are ever in the mood for a decent Indian meal, Suruchi is the place to go.  Situated in the centre of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, Suruchi is just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square and is a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach.  The restaurant looks pretty small from the outside, but inside it stretches back quite far and is able to accommodate a lot of customers.   Suruchi's menu offers a wide selection of authentic Indian cuisine and I ordered the seafood soup to start which was truly amazing - made with really fresh ingredients and tasted super fresh - yummy! I then had the butter chicken for my main which was equally as amazing and the chicken was cooked perfectly and there was no excess layer of oil on the sauce which I sometimes find with Indian dishes. There are warnings on the menu indicating which dishes are mild and which are hot which always gets a big thumbs up from me as you won't get your head blown off by an unexpected chili.   The prices are really reasonable here with most main meal curry's costing about six pounds, and there is a lunch deal available too where a two course meal costs £6 - what a bargain! Suruchi is a really great Indian restaurant serving beautiful food and it is definitely worth a visit.
5 Some friends and I came across Suruchi after an exam in the nearby Adam House.  We were all starving, tired and just fancied relaxing with a tasty meal.  Thankfully we found this place which offers great service and delicious, authentic Indian food at reasonable prices. The restaurant isn't the biggest and it has a really friendly, chilled out atmosphere with clean, neatly laid out tables.  The staff are all pleasant and they seem to take no time to get your food out the kitchen. I had the Butter Chicken with boiled rice and a naan bread which cost only about £10.  It tasted amazing when it arrived and we all agreed that we'd come here again any day.
2 The flyers say this restaurant offers  true taste of India, and if thats true im going to have to put it out there and say I don't like the taste of India!  I was really disappointed with the food here and I wasn't the only one. My korma was kind of watery and way too sweet and the other curries my friends had were equally lack lustre. Maybe I went there on a bad day, the other reviews here are really good!   The staff were lovely and the restaurant itself was really nice so it could be worth going back for the two course lunch buffet they offer for £5.95 to give them another try.
2 I think I might have to give this place another chance - I will provide my experience here, but I can't say if this is the norm.  Basically, I arrived before the rest of my fellow diners.  I didn't know if there would be four of five people in total, which apparently wasn't useful to the staff member, who instead of giving me a table which could potentially seat five, made me sit by the door until everyone else arrived.  It took a while for our waiter to take our orders, and when we finally received our food, I was not particularly impressed with what arrived, especially considering the prices.  I ordered the Navratan Kofta, and pretty sure I got the Palak Kofta Makhani instead...by the time we got our food, though, I was too hungry to send it back.  The dumplings were absurdly salty, to the point where I almost couldn't eat them.  On the other hand, my dining companions seemed to enjoy their dishes, including some tandoori shrimp.    After we finished eating, we wanted to order some desserts, but after waiting over 45 minutes to have our plates cleared (and even then we had to hail a waiter down to do that) we didn't have enough time, and just left.  I think I'll stick with the Red Fort around the corner from here.
4 Been just the once but was very impressed.  The restaurant itself is a little shabby around the edges but the food was delicious.  Would definitely go again.
5 Exceptional Indian food. Good service. Proportions just right. Good variety of starter, Nans, seafood, chicken and lamb. Disappointing the only Gin was Gordon's, wanted Bombay Saphire.  Exceptional Indian food, fair price, good proportions, good service. Delicious sea food, chicken, lamb dishes and sppetizers. Only disappointment is they only had Gordon's Gin, wanted Beefeaters or Bombay Saphire. Highly recommended.
4 You know how curry houses can be oddly stressful in communicating your order and such? This place isn't like that. The food got good reviews from everyone at the table and we were all happy with the service and overall experience.  The jalfrezi sauce is some of the best I've ever had.  Everything was consistently good. Not the best Indian overall that I've ever had, but I'm really glad we stopped in. We were a group of six and they accommodated us without any trouble or eye-rolling. Reasonably priced and delicious! It was during the Fringe, as well, so the ability to handle a bigger group was impressive.
5 Truly excellent food. Great service. An institution.
3 Average Indian Restaurant, I have both eaten here and had home delivery, and the food and service are both fine.  Most recently I had a Goats Cheese dish and Lamb Kadai with Garlic Nan, the 2 curry dishes should have been hot and spicy, they were medium hot - I think this is another Indian restaurant where they are afraid of making their dishes too hot - probably because the average British palate cant handle it - though I'm make assumptions here.  Price wise its fine also, I was £15 including tip - I can get cheaper closer to home, and of similar quality. I know Indian and Pakistani people who said this used to be a good Indian, so maybe they have changed ownership, or just taken their foot off the gas??
4 While I was in Edinburgh, I decided to do a curry tour - to hit a new Indian joint every night in search of the most flavorful and spiciest curry. See, I eat spicy food like most people breathe air. Back home, I get Indian take-away and add both Habaneros and Ghost Pepper Hot Sauce before I eat. So... you know, use that as a frame of reference. Anyway.  This was an elegant and classy looking restaurant that had a laid-back and accommodating staff. The prices here were comparable to many in the area but higher than a few gems that I found. Even so, it was a quiet and intimate environment, and the food was GREAT. The flavor of the Vindaloo was excellent. It wasn't, however, very spicy at all. At least to me. I had to request they bring me something to spice up the dish more. When I did, though, they brought me a huge dish of pure chile pepper sauce that - after mixing with my vindaloo - DID make the dish at least moderately spicy. That made me happy.  So.... nowhere near the spiciest curry in Edinburgh but a good restaurant that takes care of its customers, and definitely a staff that knows how to make a proper tasting vindaloo. I'd visit again next time I'm in the city.
