2 I had my first experience (taste) of Philpotts today and I have mixed opinions. The shop itself is bright and clean, as are the staff who all wear shirts and ties, which I found slightly bizarre for what is essentially a glorified sandwich shop. There are three distinct areas to the shop; a salad bar, a sandwich bar and a hot food area. I wasn't sure what I fancied so I had a little browse and asked the lady if they could toast up sandwiches, seeing as there was a hot food area I thought this wouldn't be too much of a problem - turns out it was and unless I chose one of the pre-made ciabattas from the hot food counter, my sandwich couldn't be toasted. Darn. So instead of a much desired toastie, I ended up having pastrami and stilton with chilli mayo on an olive bread roll. Admittedly my sandwich was really tasty and I was full for the rest of the afternoon, but the prices are quite high and the selection of fillings is not particularly inspired: I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
3 As part of my yelping duties, I ventured in here the other day. As Emma said, I was slight confused as to why the staff were dressed in shirts and ties. Come on, you are selling sandwiches there is no possible way you can make that fancy so quit trying.   So Phil Potts tries to be a sort of upmarket sandwich shop selling salads, sandwiches and hot food. When I went in there was one other customer and around 10 members of staff. I stood waiting while one member of staff served the man in front and the rest stood around gossipping. I guess looks can be deceiving as the fancy attire doesn't lead to good service. I ordered the special of Thai chicken with coriander mayo, purely because the rest of the menu was so dull. I was a little disappointed to see the bread was pretty much just a loaf of Hovis and the filling was a tiny little tubs worth.   The sandwich was pretty tasty, but nothing in comparison to the much more interesting Thyme which is 1 minute up the road.
3 Would you imagine a Phil Potts wearing shirt and tie? Me neither, so why the staff are all spruced up is beyond me.    Nonetheless, Potts's monthly sandwich specials are usually top notch.  Currently it's a chicken, spinach, red pepper and tarragon mayo concoction that firmly places itself in the upper band of quality sandwiches.  The seemingly pretentious image and bog standard name is a funny combination. If only Phil could stick to what he does best: making sandwiches.
3 I thought Philpotts was a sophisticated deli/cafe looking at it from the outside, but I was sorely disappointed when I ventured inside and realised it is a sandwich shop, and a pretty poor one at that. Situated in the busy and bustling Lothian Road in Edinburgh, Philpotts is just a short walk from the city centre and so it ought to be one of the hot spots for buying meals and snacks, but unfortunately it is not.   They have a deli counter which houses the usual suspects for sandwich fillings - salad, meats and cheeses etc. However, there is nothing that special about their menu or their sandwiches which would make you want to go back. I ordered a BLT sandwich, which was tasty, although the bread was nothing special, and to be honest, I felt as though I could have made the same thing myself at home for a cheaper price.   The staff were friendly, although I am with the other Yelpers in wondering why they are all dressed in a shirt and tie. Hot drinks, roasts and salads are also available here and there is a seating area inside. Philpotts is a fairly average sandwich shop, but there is nothing about it which would make me want to go back.
3 Cheese & pickle Avocado & bacon Humous & red pepper Brie & cranberry Tuna & sweetcorn  Egg & bacon  Turkey & stuffing Chicken, bacon & avocado Feta, rocket & beetroot Thai chicken, pepper & spinach  An old fashioned deli and cafe, Philpotts specialises in fillings sandwiches, baguettes, wraps, salad boxes and soups. Whilst everything is made fresh by suited and booted staff, I have to admit I prefer Pret or Thyme. The tucker usually has more flavour and the atmosphere in both shops is more relaxed.
3 I have walked past this place a hundred times and it has never really taken my fancy, but while subjected to a mild hangover yesterday courtesy of Brew Dog the previous evening, I was intrigued by the sign outside that stated they were doing a hot roll and coffee for £2, which seemed very cheap for somewhere that I had always assumed was a bit upmarket and pretentious.  So, deciding that you cant really go wrong for £2, I had a look and inside and it turned out this is essentially a breakfast roll / sandwich shop type affair, but with a strong desire to look more upmarket. The problem is that it's not really all that upmarket, its your standard standard breakfast rolls, sandwiches, salads etc but being served by people in uniforms and calling you "sir" which just seems a bit forced and unnatural for this type of place.  Now I have to say, the roll was great, the coffee was really great and therefore it offered great value.  I had a look around the sandwiches and salad and they are looked good too, with lunch offers around £3.50 again it offered excellent value.  I just think they have got the image wrong, mainly as the image is what has put me off ever going in before now.  I get that with so many shops doing this type of thing around, its hard to stand out from the crowd so they want to do something a bit different, but I think they may actually be putting people off by making it look like something it isn't.  I think if they toned it down a bit, concentrated on doing food for the masses at the incredibly good prices they offer, they would likely appeal to more people.
3 This is one if my regular 'go to' places to pick up a quick lunch. I really like this place for lunchtime takeaway salads mainly although they are pretty expensive at £4.30 for a small salad box! Eek! However they are very, very tasty and satisfying and you can choose from a base of pasta, couscous or leaves (or even a mix of both!). Although the salad options are already written up on the board (the 'signature' is my fave) they are happy to remove and replace anything you don't like. No problem!  They also do a roast of the day which you can get served with some scrummy roast potatoes. Not for anyone with a light appetite though. They usually have 3 soups on offer (again expensive and there are MUCH cheaper places nearby that also do nice soups)  The service is speedy and friendly. It gets 3 stars from me for the quality of food on offer. If it wasn't so pricey it would have got more.
