4 Mezbaan often seem to be left out of favourite curry restaurant lists. It often seems to escape the limelight. This is undeserved.  Mezbaan is an Indian restaurant specialising in South Indian cuisine. Every curry dish I have had hear is scrumptious! i have heard one person complaining that the curry wasn't authentic South Indian. I can't really comment on this, but I can give the taste and presentation a thumbs up! And for me that's what a mattered.  Prices are pretty reasonable. I ate here with a friend, with two courses and it cost us around £25.  Also note that its BYOB. This shouldn't be a problem as being near Tollcross there are several supermarkets (and actually a small grocers right next door).
5 Mezbaan is a sensational restaurant, serving authentic South Indian cuisine.   Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Mezbaan is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach, and with the outside of the restaurant painted a lovely bright maroon colour, it would be difficult to miss it.   The Mezbaan menu offers a vast range of authentic South Indian dishes such as kebabs and dosa's (rich pancakes served with a filling). I came here for dinner several months ago with a friend and I had an absolutely beautiful meal. I had the mixed pakora's for a starter which were tasty, but my main course of Chili Beef was definitely something to write home about! The beef was cut into the tiniest slices and then fried along with peppers and onions in a chili sauce - yum! It was a pretty spicy meal, but definitely something that I would order again.   The prices for the meals in Mezbaan are quite reasonable considering it is in the Tollcross area. The starters are priced at around five pounds and the main courses are more expensive at about ten to fifteen pounds - but the food is definitely worth it!   Mezbaan also do takeaways and home deliveries which is incredibly handy so they get a big thumbs up from me!
4 mezbaan has a slightly upscale atmosphere. a bit o the pricier side but authentic and extremely great customer service!   had the Naden Adu Curry which was absolutely amazing. the only downside is the price. for a cheaper fix for students I suggest the Kebab Mahal in Newington!
5 Dosa do or dosa don't? Dosa do, blates.  Haven't a clue what I'm on about? Then go to Mezbaan and order a dosa or two.  Ok so you might not put your faith and dining option based entirely on my review before knowing what you're in for. I went with a mixed group of people; some who had travelled South India and hadn't had a dosa since then, others who hadn't a clue what they were. I've recently learnt that there's a big difference between south and north Indian cooking. Most "Indian restaurants" you get here serve North Indian style - large curries and rice (food baby, food coma, nom but ooft).  Southern Indian cooking is, first off, a lot spicier and secondly they use a lot more bread and pancake-like ingredients rather than rice. Such as dosas: lentil and rice pancakes, stuffed with all sorts of delicious fillings. (see uploaded photo)  For want of another way to describe it, think crepes.They're kinda like that, but not. And the ones we got were considered SMALL. Apparently they can come twice as big.  So, they're tasty. Really tasty and much lighter than the traditional curry. And at Mezbaan anyway, they're cheap! £3 for a dosa? With a side of mango chutney (home-made and delicious) and some veg curry? And twice as filling as a sandwich that would cost probably a few quid more? Yes please.  I had the mushroom one that was nom. Everyone else had a masala dosa, made with potato and there wasn't a crumb left. And someone had the lamb dosa which was personally my favourite, with some really fresh, fragrant sweet basil. Totally getting that next time.  I also got to taste both the mango lassi and the almon and saffron lassi. The almond and saffron lassi came decorated with little strands of saffron that turned it yellow on top. It was certainly an acquired taste, as it wasnt too sweet, but did the perfect job at neutralising the spice.   The main menu looked interesting too. Smaller tapas dishes with things like honey chicken (never seen before on an Indian menu). I think dosas might be one of my new favourite things, and rather than the odd dosa-thrown-in-for-good-measure that other Indian restaurnats might too, Mezbaan specialise in them.   So, in summary, dosa do.
3 The food is good, but the service isn't and the venue is unlikely to impress. Is the food good enough to compensate for the shortcomings? Probably just about, but it's more of a quick dosa lunch place than an evening meal spot.  Overall, we said: "Mezbaan undoubtedly serves very tasty grub, but the overall restaurant experience feels a little odd. They definitely need to do something about the look of the place, as it feels unfinished. And given that the food they serve is likely to be at least somewhat unfamiliar to many of their customers, their service needs to be entirely more accurate and confident, as I won't be alone in seeking to rely upon recommendations from the waiters. Despite these shortcomings, I'd still recommend that you pay Mezbaan a visit, as their food is definitely worth the trip."
1 Sad to say I have to disagree with all the other reviewers about how great this place is.   the restaurant gets two points for the food but ive docked another because of my "lost umbrella" and ehh service.  We went to the restaurant and they told us to come back in 15 minutes because they dont have any seats open. Ok, so we go to the bar next door, grab a drink and come back in 20 minutes.  Still no seat available. By this time, I'm super hungry and about to fall over. But we wait.  Another 20 minutes pass and FINALLY we get seated.  We ordered the overpriced thali and the salmon tikka., tomato rice and naan.  Naan was fine, salmon tikka was horribly fishy.  Thali was okay but wayyy overpriced.  Its  essentially a hodgepodge of different curries.   I mean $15.95 for all that?  And the tomato rice, dont get me staretd on that.  It tasted liek someone dipped all the rice into a vat of butter and handed to me on a plate. I am married to a south indian so i know whats good.  That was NOT good.  Naan was the only thing that was okay in my opinion and I saked for dry naan but again no one seemed to listen.    The icing on the top was that we left our umbrella there and were clearly the last people in the restaurant. we call the restaurant to ask to pick it up and the guy said they didnt have it.  come on really? its only an umbrella.  Would i recommend to others? That would be ahem. NO.
5 There's only one thing you need to know about Mezbaan - they do cheap as chips (in fact, probably CHEAPER than chips) dosas for lunch or dinner. £2.95 for a dosa as long as your arm that keep you full till past dinner time. Seriously. Check out the photo I uploaded of that bad boy.   What is a dosa, pray tell? A lentil and rice flour pancake stuffed full of yummy spiced goodness. I love the peppered lamb, and the chicken tikka is so flavourful. The most popular is the potato one, and mushroom is nice too.  So, for the same price or in fact cheaper than a pre-packaged, factory-prepared sandwich from Marks & Spencers (I'd wager they're around £4 right?) you can get a freshly cooked dosa for £2.99.   And on the side of this dosa there is a little side of cococnut raita, and a little side of vegetable curry. I mean, really!  There's also a menu of tapas dishes, so plenty of options but again just smaller portions. The dosa isn't small though. And I think the one I ordered WAS the small, with a bigger option being available.  If you've never tried a dosa, go, try one, nom and be full.
4 Wow! Good food and cheapest lunch I've had in a long time. I had the lamb dosa that was massive and deliciously filling. I thought they were all tapas size so ordered a second, chicken/mango sauce, but when the samosa arrived I was realising I would have to ask for piggy bag. The place it self could do with a renovation at places - water damaged wall paper hanging off one wall - didn't really fit the otherwise rather posh table setting and ambience. Staff is very friendly and food comes out fast and fresh. A nice wee Indian place.
3 Semi-formal place Cheap dosas were a delight Service: not so fast
3 The dosas here are still 5 stars. But after a recent dinner here, I do have to amend my review slightly.  I'd only ever been for lunch before. The lunch menu has a much larger dosa menu, with at least 6 different vegetarian and 6 different meat dosas. These dosas are "smaller" and by smaller I mean the size of a small baby. They have lamb dosa, mushroom dosa, two types of chicken. So good. And only £2.99 for a potato dosa (masala dosa).  The dinner menu only has 6 dosas total, and the only meat options are chicken or prawn (small prawns at that). They are also 'bigger' and by big I mean the size of your entire body. SO big. Equally delicious, but I was really disappointed when I asked if I could see the lunch time dosa menu and they said it wasn't available. It was a quiet Monday night, and if they were making chicken tikka dosas I didn't see why a mushroom dosa would be out of the question.  The service was very proper, but a little confused. The girl who served us seemed very shy and unsure and had to re-check several times, and then took quite a while to take our order. But it was still nice, they were friendly and eager to please.  The restaurant itself is a bit worn and tired, and bizarrely posh looking. Very fancy, like out of the 80s / 90s attempts at being fancy. The floor, both myself and my dosa-date noticed, was beautiful. Old fashioned marble-esque black and white tiles. I do think the decor could do with an upgrade.  But the worst part was how cold it was. It was a cold January night outside and whilst the restaurant was warmer than outside, we both had to dine with our jackets on. And my toes were as cold as ice cubes by the time I left. And our food went cold very quickly. It really was far too cold to be comfortable to dine in.  I will still come here for the dosas, and the dosas alone. They are wonderful, quite authentic and unusual to any other Indian restaurant in Edinburgh.
4 You get a free glass of wine with 2 courses! - well yes you do!!  Tasty south indian food! My goodness its coconut heaven! Lovely food Nice atmosphere and service was spot on !
