5 My main experience of the Fruitmarket Gallery is the cafe. My Granny loves this place and often takes me out for lunch here when she is visiting. There was one time I was horrendously hungover and I still managed to eat here, so there is a plus point- the food is edible while hungover! Aside from that, the food is delicious when you are feeling 100% also. You will generally find at lunch time that this place is packed, I think due to the fact that it is a reasonably priced cafe in the city centre which is 1. Not a chain 2. Has an interesting menu 3. Serves delicious food. Also it has the added bonus of the gallery, but more about that later.  The food here is so fresh and you can tell there is a huge amount of effort put into producing and serving it. The menu has a range of soups, salads and rolls as well as the specials on the board. I had a superb squash curry in here, and it seemed like everyone around me had gone for the same idea. The soup is also scrumptious and the rolls are a far cry from ham and cheese or tuna, instead fillings include smoked trout and lemon chicken.   The gallery is wonderfully light and airy with some interesting exhibitions which are free to get into. They also have a lovely shop which has a huge variety of books which will interest young and old.   The Fruitmarket Gallery is great for a nice lunch, then an hour or so wandering around the gallery and the shop.
5 I love art galleries, and I love the Fruitmarket Gallery. When I was in 1st year I chose to study History of Art, so my lectures were always in galleries and I fell in love with this one. It is so different from your bog-standard art gallery with the likes of Rubens, Raphael and Seurat, but the Fruitmarket has modern and interpretive art - which I love. They have really brilliant, exciting exhibitions and always have a theme. the last exhibition I visited was all about America, but not what you would expect.  They showed a cowboy and indian movie on a huge plasma screen over-looking the gallery 24/7 at super slow speed - I'll never forget queuing to get into a club and looking up to see an Indian towering over me.  The gift shop is great too, they don't have much but they have good things. They have a really nice little cafe too, it's always busy. Although the gallery is quite small it's still worth a visit.
3 The Fruitmarket Gallery is a contemporary space in Edinburgh's city centre that showcases the work of contemporary artists both well known and not so well known. I find that the exhibitions here can be a little hit or miss, but obviously art is a subjective thing and you're never going to be able  to please all people at all times.   In addition to the gallery space there is a lovely and very popular little cafe, the menu is pretty exciting and it changes with every new exhibition (often the food is more exciting than the art...).   The gift shop on the ground floor is one of the best gallery gift shops I have ever been in - there are all sorts of interesting books, cards and knick knacks laid out for you to browse through. Time seems to just disappear whilst I am in here and I have been known to spend more time looking at things in the gift shop than at the actual works exhibited.
4 A quirky little art gallery on top of Waverley station. I quiet like the cafe here if I am in the area it tends to get quite crowded. As for the art selection- well that's up to your own taste and opinion. If you have free time keep you eyes peeled for the various free talks and tours that are organised here- it's a bit hit and miss but you may find something that suits your taste.
4 The Fruitmarket Gallery is a shiny, salmon coloured contemporary exhibition space in the heart of Edinburgh.  Showcasing the work of modern artists from all corners of the globe, the Fruitmarket is very much for art enthusiasts. It's free though, so people passively interested in art have the opportunity to gander and possibly discover new art they enjoy.  There is normally only one exhibition on in the Fruitmarket Gallery at a time. This is great for avid fans of the showcased artist, but it means there's no room for variation. Saying that, since the Fruitmarket Gallery only exhibits these artists for a short period of time, it's not long before another extensive exhibition appears. Every visit will be different from the next, and usually the kind of art broadcast in here is interactive, intelligent and thought provoking.  Not one for the kids but there is a fair amount of space for adults to enjoy. I have yet to sample what sounds like a lovely little cafe, but I noticed it was spacious and a good place to pop into if you're wanting to get a bit of downtime (I can imagine students may come here to study since it's a peaceful environment.) The Fruitmarket Gallery also plays host to a fantastic bookshop, full of books concerned with visual imagery and anthologies on contemporary art (handy for arts students!)  From photography to film, the Fruitmarket is a great space to discover and appreciate highly acclaimed modern art.
4 Nestled in an innocuous spot at the back of Waverly station, this Gallery offers new exhibition in a beautiful space, with a delicious cafe and awesome bookshop to boot.  The exhibitions are often free, and feature modern artists and new shows. I went to see the Child's Play one in January, which was more than a little odd and disturbing (giant children's toy that were rather grotesque and eerie. What is it about kid's toys that are so frickin' scary?!), and spent a lovely 20 minutes wandering the gallery space and 'admiring' (looking in fear at) the exhibition.  The space itself is big, with an upstairs gallery. From the outside you really wouldn't think there was much art inside at all; especially not compared to the Big Daddy National Galleries further down Princes' Street in all their columned glory.  I've reviewed the Cafe seperately, but it really is delightful and I often go to the Fruitmarket Gallery just for the cafe (and specifically the rhubarb tart) alone.  If you're visiting Edinburgh and have just stepped off the train, don't go up to Princes Street, go in the opposite direction, aim for the Edinburgh Dungeon's, and check out this little space. Then make your way to Princes Street. It's a cute little not-so-secret secret.
5 Free exhibitions, always.  Sometimes I can't quite comprehend just how lucky I am to live in a city so rich in culture, art and theatre. A veritable cornucopia of independent theatres and galleries, art classes and dance houses, as well as several National Museums and Galleries.   The Fruitmarket Gallery is certainly one of my favourites. Whilst normally I prefer classical art, and occasionally find modern art exhibitions somewhat pretentious or confusing (this is purely my own personal taste!) the Fruitmarket Gallery always hosts the most interesting modern exhibitions that have real impact. And as I mentioned, they are always free. This is truly fantastic.  The last exhibition I saw here over winter was of child's toys and playthings in a grotesque manner. The exhibition itself freaked me out a little. The current exhibition showing until July 2011 is Narcissus Refleceted with an original Dalî and Jess, along with many other pieces. It is really wonderful. It doesn't hold too much pomp. Instead the works of art and simply displayed along the walls. Dalî's 'Narcissus Reflected' is in its own room with the original poem written to go alongside it laid out. Really interesting.  The Gallery space itself, no matter the exhibition, is very well maintained and suits any exhibition I've seen in it. With two film rooms (one upstairs and one downstairs), tall ceilings, white walls and wooden floors it has that hush, revered tone without being too vast or cavernous.  When I pulled out my iphone to take a flash-free photo of the Jess piece (I was truly stunned by it) the staff member came over quickly to tell me no photos. I genuinely hadn't realised, and apologised. She was completely ok and smiled and laughed. So, very approachable and down-to-earth staff too.  The fact that there is a wonderful bookshop here, with a range of books from art, writing, to philosophy is something I love to. Sometimes I pop in when I'm meeting a friend at the train station and am early, just to browse.  The café, listed seperately on Yelp so see my seperate review, is also really really fantastic. Amazing home-made food, great for veggie options, and divine cakes (including the infamous rhubarb tart).  In such an innocuous and central wee spot, it's easy to completely not realise its there. But pay attention when you come out of Waverly, or come to the bottom of Market Street / Cockburn Street. You'll see the pink sign, see the glass walled building, and I'd highly recommend popping in.
3 This review is of the cafe and service received and not anything to do with the upstairs/gallery sections of the building.  If it wasn't for the person I was meeting I probably would have never known this place existed, as I am rarely ever venture down these streets of Edinburgh. Me and my fiancee arranged to meet a possible wedding photographer here as it was close to the train station. So close, in fact, that at times you can feel the trains rumble below you.  The coffee is pretty strong and tasted decent as well which was good. I also got the falafel that came with a creme fraiche dip and a chilli jam which were lovely. It did stretch the wallet a bit further than I had expected, with a hot chocolate, cappucino and 2 portions of the falafel's with dips coming to £15.90.  Service could be doing with a little bit of improvement too. After we had the meeting with the (what was decided at the time) wedding photographer, we just sat about trying to find someone to ask for the bill. After 10 minutes we went and asked how we could pay and we were told we could get the bill at our table. 15 minutes later, after I had got up and looked at almost every book on offer in the book section and having a quick play on my phone, we got the bill. The cafe wasn't overwhelmingly busy either but maybe the staff were preparing for an event so I won't hold any of what I have said against them permanently, there are two sides to every story.  I did enjoy the atmosphere here, having a cafe and bookshop (mostly books on art or artists but some classics and general fiction mixed through) right in the middle of an art gallery is usually something I would be up for at any time of day, I just seemed to go on the wrong day. Will probably go back to try it but won't be in any immediate rush to do so.
5 Loved the Tania Kovats exhibition, is an excellent space. I was expecting it to be a significantly larger venue but was nice little gallery. Perfect for a quick modern art fix.
