4 I've been to dinners/balls here twice now, and I have to say I'd probably choose the Roxburghe if  I needed a venue for a swanky party.  The venue itself is gorgeous, it really epitomises all the Georgian glamour of the New Town with the opulent décor and grand high ceilings. The staff are really friendly too - if i worked in a fancy hotel the last thing I'd want to have to do would be to wait on a load of students having their end of year balls, but if the staff here thought that they did an excellent job of hiding it.  The other thing that struck me was how nice the food was, considering they were catering for a huge number of people the attention to detail and consistency in the quality of all 3 courses was commented on by several people at our table.  The drinks prices at the cash bar were a bit excessive though, although I suppose it's only to be expected oin a nice hotel. And I guess you do have to treat yourself every once in a while!  It may not have the same reputation as The Balmoral, but I'd say this place is batter hands down.
2 I've stayed here a few times and always had a great experience so it's the place I always recommend to friends visiting Edinburgh. Great location, nice rooms and very friendly staff but my most recent trip has me feeling a bit disappointed.  The Internet / Wifi throughout the hotel has not worked for my stay so won't be staying here again.
3 To be honest the best part of this hotel is the breakfast and the location. My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of July.   We were coming for a wedding from the states and were extremely tired when we arrived. It was earlier than normal check-in so we made sure we had talked to reception before our arrival to see if we could get in early. There wasn't going to be a problem. However, when we arrived we were told our room wasn't ready and we could check our bags with the concierge. We understood we were there early so no big deal. We checked our bags and decided to roam around the city. It was beautiful!!! But after about 2 hours of roaming we went back to the hotel. We waited in front of reception...EXHAUSTED! The two receptionists talked back and forth and spent lots of time on the phones, yet failed to straighten the awards and recognition plaques on the wall behind them. It was almost like a fun-house mirror. Finally, after sitting in the reception area for 30 minutes an older couple went up to the receptionist and checked in! My husband got up and then asked the same receptionist if our room was ready now....shocking, it was! They couldn't have told us that when were were basically falling asleep on the couches??!?! BTW this lobby seriously needs some updating. We then were approached by Gavin the concierge. He was very polite and welcoming. He greeted us and walked us to our room! It was nice to see someone who actually cared about customer service. The only thing was he said he was going to be available all weekend and I think we maybe saw him one other time in 5 days/4nights.  When we got to our room it was the size of a shoe-box. The bed was very comfy. There were NO electrical outlets in the bathroom and No robes. We called reception about the robes and they said we didn't have a room that was suppose to have robes...huh, a four star hotel??? But they brought us robes anyways, so that is one star (I guess)...Another thing is the hair-dryer, ugh. Coming from the states I figured this again 4 start hotel would have appropriate hair dryers. There was one in the desk drawer, yet the cord was barely long enough to reach out of the drawer let alone to my head or the mirror! Super frustrating for us women. I had to go across the street to Toni and guy to get a hair blow-dry!  To the good.... Breakfast!!!! We had breakfast in bed all four days of our stay and it was great! Very warm by the time it got to us and de-lish! My husband especially loved the black pudding.  Also, the spa was good. I would give the spa 4 out of 5 stars. I had an hour-long massage and it was almost perfect. The girl applied the amount of pressure I liked and I also liked that she let me pick the scent of the balm she used. Awesome! The only thing was the music. It wasn't exactly 100% relaxing. It was more trendy dinner music, kinda weird.   Our stay was ok, but just ok... serious updating needed all around. Maybe I had a different image in my mind for this hotel considering my husband and I stayed at another Macdonald hotel in Windsor, UK in December of 2010 and it was stunning!!!
2 Rooms small (apart from one or two fantastic suites). All a bit tired now. Full of american coach parties. Oh.. and they play "highland music" over breakfast.  I think that says everything that needs to be said.
4 When I travel all I really want out of a hotel is a decent place to fall asleep so I cannot really review this hotel for its extra ammenities. The Roxburghe has comfy beds and the rooms, though small, are well maintained. The heated towel rack was a nice touch. I am going to be disappointed when a hotel does not have that from now on.   The basement gym is actually quite large for a hotel. The equpiment is a little old, but it has pretty much everything you need from cardio machines to free weights. There is also a pool but I did not check it out. Check-in/check-out was simple and straightforward. The location was also incredibly convenient - near bus stops and walking distance to Old Town. Other than free internet access, I couldn't ask for much more!
4 We decided to go to The Roxburghe Hotel for christmas Dinner. When we booked we were advised that we would be given Champagne and canapes on arrival. We took a seat in one of the smaller reception areas just outside the restaurant and I noticed a waitress filling up champagne glasses..so we waited....and waited, then noticed other guest go up and take a glass, so not to be one to miss out on the champagne action, i proceeded to ask for a glass, of which the waitress seemed a little shocked, but what happened to champagne on arrival , was really expecting someone to hand me one? preferably on a silver tray!! goodness lol. We did have some canapes, this time thankfully a waiter came to offer some!  Our meal was very very nice. I started with smoked salmon, Venision for main and creme brulee, the creme brulee was think and creamy and extra crunchy on top - only downside is their really was not enough!!  We were designated a waitress and she was extremely attentive and friendly, and we appreciated that even more as it was christmas day and working on christmas day does suck!. Im not entirely sure if it was worth £90 per person, but it was a lovely experience.
4 Reviewing about the swimming pool/steam room and sauna.  I have been using these facilities since September 2013. I chose to join their club due to a corporate offer they had: £30 per month including gym, sauna, swim, steam room at no additional cost, longer hours than the Dalry leisure pool and closer to my office.   Additionally, they offer courtesy towel, shower gel and shampoo in showers that have curtains. No need to have coins to use a locker - staff will give you a key when they scan and keep your membership card.   Unfortunately the pool is only 12meters long, but it's not that busy as other places I have been so you could swim in circles if you like!   Sauna reaches only up to 93 degrees roughly - I would love it being a bit warmer.   From time to time the shampoo or shower gel might have finished in two of the three showers so you need to look for one that still have some, but if you bring your own no need to worry.   Better have your sandals with you, as people will walk with their shoes in the area where you walk after your shower and go to change next to your locker.   Still a member and yes, recommending it!
