5 The Mal is a sumptiously furnished and attractive dining destination by the Shore in Leith. Part of the Malmaison Hotel, the brasserie menu features a range of interesting and delicious dishes most of which feature local produce. A well appointed bar will supply just about anything you desire, from a range of champagnes to your favourite brand of cigar from the humidor. The brasserie lunch menu, although somewhat abbreviated, still manages to offer a good range of tasty sandwiches and the like. The burgers are very good.
5 damn you michael, gettin in on the good places before i have a chance. once again, i concur. great location- on the shore you have shitloads of places to eat and drink- just on the corner you have fishers, probably the best seafood restaurant in edinburgh, and next it, a bar called the shore that is cozy and often has local live music.  the hotel itself from the outside is like a mini castle without the tower, so yeah, maybe just big and old fading bricks and old looking. the rooms are minimalistic. great bed, pillows and comforter.  the staff are helpful, the breakfasts are great, get the eggs benedict.  the bar seems to stay open later for the guests than any of the pubs around during weekdays, so even after i was no longer a guest i worked it.  if you are a gambling addict, there is a casino around the corner with a great buffet at midnight, often chinese. no live poker sadly.
5 Pouring us both a few fingers of Laphroaig, looking startlingly deep into my eyes, he said "Then I will suck life from those sweetest lips, though I die in doing so" (a quote from the book I am reading which he'd already read -- a reference to Siegfried and Brünnhilde in Richard Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen)... We spent the next 96 hours sequestered and quarantined in ecstatic undulation.  The hotel is simply stunning, extremely elegant. It smacks of sophistication, a sort of modern classic -- with the clock tower it vaguely resembles a castle. And it's by a lovely river.  The bed was incredibly comfortable -- we spent a lot of time in it.  The shower was not only gorgeous in its minimalism, but, thankfully, had very powerful water pressure.  Fortunately for us there was a CD player, we listened loudly (day and night, repeatedly) to the complete symphonies and song cycles of Gustav Mahler -- the amazing Chailly/Concertgebouw recordings on Decca... The walls and doors and floors were all thick enough so that we never received any complaints about the music (or other noises, for that matter).  There was a gym, a very nice one. As if I weren't getting enough exhausting exercise elsewhere (including miles upon miles and hours upon hours of walking), to clear my head I lifted some free-weights a couple of times.  There is a bar with an awesome wine collection and a beautiful terrace -- I can't imagine a more ideal spot for reading Theodor Adorno's "In Search of Wagner."  There is a very dapper dining room where I had the pleasure of enjoying a terrific dinner featuring many incredibly fresh local ingredients... It wasn't cheap (though I didn't pay) but you get what you're paying for -- high quality. Considering the wrought-iron decor, moody lighting, chic and comfortable leather chairs and banquettes, I'd consider this a perfect destination for a leisurely romantic meal.   Every employee I encountered was exceptionally friendly and helpful.  Terrific experience in every way the entire time... Most highly recommended!
5 This place is heaven on earth. Seriously, they should turn it into a Church on Sundays, it's simply bliss. It is so modern and chic. All the rooms are amazing, they are beautifully furnished and so very, very cool. The food is delicious too, the breakfast in particular is to die for. I asked the waiter how they made their scrambled eggs, because they were unlike any i've ever had before! I wish I hadn't asked - his answer of 'double cream' and 'full fat butter' actually made my bum cheeks sag. whenever I have friends coming to the city, I recommend they stay here. Party because it's amazing, but mainly because it means I can come and have breakfast with them.  It is a bit out of the way, but the area is lovely and there are great transport links. Plus it's beside some really lovely restaurants, so who needs to be in the city centre!
5 I had a spectacular stay here. The Brasserie is first rate using local and sustainable beef and local fish.  The breakfast buffet is just outstanding with fresh cut fruits, homemade jams and, for an extra 2 pounds, you may add some hot options to your morning.  The amenities are what one would usually expect, but the decor is just delightful. Rooms were well appointed and comfortable.
3 For a hotel restaurant, surprisingly tasty and interesting food! The first night I had the standard steak  cooked well, with great fries. And I had a side of green beans, which came with chopped hazelnuts. Interesting  not my style  but credit for the creativity. Something which is lacking in pretty much any other hotel restaurant. The second night I had a fish soup, which was OK  was expecting chunks of fish inside but there were none, and the soup was a bit too liquid-y. I also had the squid risotto, which was amazing though. Just perfectly done. I would have given 4 stars, but it is at hotel prices. The London Insider  http://www.london-insider.co.uk/
4 We enjoyed our stay at this modern hotel in Leith.  Our room was spacious and comfortable - quite stylish beyond the typical chain hotel.  We ate both breakfast and dinner there, thoroughly enjoying both. The salmon Benedict was particularly tasty.  The service was very good with a friendly and helpful staff.  While the neighborhood has some nice restaurants and pubs, the hotel is 10-15 minutes taxi ride from the Castle and Royal Mile.
3 So for a quiet Thursday evening the lady and I decided we wanted to go out for dinner. I ahve been wanting to come here for quite some time so was excited to visit.  The venue itself is superb - beautiful place - great staff and a very welcoming environment.  Service overall was great if perhaps the attention to details lacked a little.  For the food I ordered the pork belly with black pudding, apple sauce and curly kale. The pork belly was fairly tasty - for me it hadnt been cooked at high enough temperature - the fat had not remotely gone crispy/crunchy and was just really pure fat.....sad face!!  The meat was ok - it hadnt been cooked in anything so had gone a little dry. The black pudding was just smears of what i take was black pudding - didnt satisfy my desire at all! Apple sauce ok but lacked that sugar sweetness.  Desert I had a reasonable attempt at an apple crumble, was for me again slightly undercooked.  All in all ok but for the money spent I wont be back!
4 I'm fresh from my stay here, and whilst it's really only been a one-night stop off, it's certainly not been an unpleasant one.  The basics: a large comfortable bed (albeit a touch hard for my tastes), a decent room, friendly staff and a delightful bathroom. I didn't investigate the air con scenario, though it would be worth checking before you go to bed, as my room was rather warm and got a touch stuffy rather quickly.  The area is beautiful, right by the waterfront, and there seems to be a fair few cool pubs near by. (Shame I didn't get to try them - next time!) It has to be said, the bar staff were excellent during my stay and did a grand job. I also had the pleasure of trying their chips, which were divine, though sadly the burger was less so. More medium, than medium rare, fell to bits and was a little bland. However, everyone else's bagels and such looked a treat!  Essentially, you will have a comfortable stay, and won't want for much whilst you're here. Grand.
2 Malmaison Hotel Bar & restaurant at the far end of the Shore is an impressive building.   They have on the left side their bar and on the right the restaurant. The main entrance to reception is in the middle.   I have visited both the bar & restaurant on quite a few occasions and all times I wasn't impressed.   First of all I need to warn you that the location is a wind trap. The building around it and the open water create additional circular wind that will cool down the area. That would be fine on hot sweltering days, but Scotland doesn't have many of those.   They have not created a shelter for this on any of their outside places.   The tables and chair on their terrace is the generic aluminium light weight and as uncomfortable and cold as it sounds.   Inside the Bar Lounge has a modern and airy feel to it and is very comfortable to sit and relax. Very nice!  The Restaurant is a different beast. It is in my opinion not laid out very well, some table some booths.   Service in both areas is very good, attentive and friendly. The speed of service is a little lacking, but that is when they are understaffed on a busy day.   The food I had on 2 visits was below par.  Both visits we had steak and French fries and pepper sauce. - no garnishes - you order that separately  The steak supplied was a minute steak sitting on top of the fries and smothered in pepper sauce. - Like you'd expect in a greasy cafe.   Both times the steak was not cooked as specified (medium-rare) but either medium well or done. Making it quite tough to eat.    I would've expected a lot more from a Hotel restaurant, sadly I was proven wrong and the first time wasn't a one-off.   My recommendation is only for the Bar Lounge
3 Everyone has raved and raved about the Malmaison Brunch, and I was a wee bit disappointed even though it WAS indeed the biggest brunch in town. Perhaps everyone had talked it up so much that my expectations were too high.   The chef's table is indeed stunning with unlimited amounts of waffles, pancakes, omelets, charcuterie, various salads, and soup. My only suggestion for the chef's table would be some pastries - I really wanted a wee tasty croissant! Otherwise the chef's table is indeed amazing, and I really loved the waffles with fresh berries and maple syrup. If there were a brunch option just to pick selections from the Chef's Table, I'd be happy with just that.  For my main I had the Sunday roast but the beef was a bit underwhelming and not very flavorful, and the Yorkie just wasn't there. It wasn't as fresh, crispy, light or flavourful as it should have been.   The dessert choices were good and I went for the creme brûlée. It was a bit eggy and heavier than I like them, but as I hadn't had one in a while it was still a nice treat.   The ambiance and feel of Malmaison is generally great - it's a lovely place with many windows looking out towards the canal. Since we came near the end of our voucher time period, all tables were booked about a month in advance and the place was packed. It was frustrating to have long queues at the chef's table. For what we paid (£30 for two) it was an excellent brunch that was a nice treat (four star, but five star if they improved their Sunday roast main). If paying full price, I would have expected a bit more (hence the three stars).
4 The Malmasion is a gorgeous boutique hotel in Edinburgh, located on the banks of the Forth in Leith.  I visited the brasserie for brunch recently and it was amazing.  It started with the soup of the day, self service from the chefs table, a lovely creamy spicy parsnip soup.  Then we were invited to select something from the chefs table.  There were loads of options such as omelettes, waffles, cold meats, salads, bread, pancakes, pates and terrines.  From past experience I suggest booking your table earlier in the day, as the second time I visited for Brunch the options were limited due to it being busy early on.  Also, pace yourself!  There is so much lovely food on offer, don't over do it on the first two courses, because you won't have room for the rest!   Next was the mains, a selection of six options from the menu, I can recommend the roasts and salmon.  Finally if you have any room, you can order a dessert, don't worry there are lighter options such as sorbet and fresh fruit salad.  All that for a tasty £19.95, marvellous and you won't need to eat for the rest of the day.  The Sunday brunch is very popular and it can be very busy.  Sometimes it feels a little too busy and the neighbouring tables are a little too close for comfort.  When personal boundaries come into it, I feel that they have tried to pack the customers in far too much.  Alas, the brasserie does serve great-tasting cuisine, prepared with incredible local ingredients, so enjoy!  If the weather suits, you can even enjoy some alfresco dining or drinking on the terrace.  Also if you are lucky enough to be staying and the boutique hotel there is a hotel gym, Gymtonic to work off that heavy brunch!
3 Had business lunch, same time as 2 other tables only that day.  Ordered 2 slider plates and a Blue Cheese Burger. Sliders came fine, 3 tiny mini burgers with cheese, all the same, no selection, as is normal, and we paid £3.50 extra for a handful of fries on the side to share. Blue Cheese Burger came with only brie and onion - the French Burger, which was not ordered! No apology was made nor a substitute offered. In fact we all commented that our server was devoid of oomph, sparkle, chat, action, or such things that can fix a mess up. He is not suited to customer service based work at all. So we didn't make a fuss.   Only doing schooners is such a swizz. Offer all 3 why not; half pints, pints AND schooners! I don't see why places can't offer it all?!!?!? £2.50 for a pot of tea is quite steep too...Nearly £60 for 3 mains and drinks at lunch time is not a common spend in Edinburgh pockets. They're missing a trick not doing set prices, or at least decent prices in general!  I've attended amazing functions here and the bedrooms are lovely so can't help thinking this dead lunch zone could be so much better, it's just too dear and service is not compelling repeat custom.
