1 Staff wasn't friendly... Cafe was really dirty... Was not welcoming.
2 'Meh' really is the perfect way to describe this Starbucks. I would be lying if I didn't admit that I am a bit of a sucker for Starbucks, despite being of course a huge chain, their high prices and tax-avoiding ways.  I am willing to cough up a little more for a coffee and cake sometimes, even as a student, especially when the place has a nice atmosphere, maybe some comfy seats to read a book and some space to get some work done for uni.  However this Starbucks really just is quite 'meh'. There isn't anything particularly wrong with it as such, but it is not the kind of the place that I want to spend much of my time in.   It was very clean, the coffee was very nice and the staff were all very friendly & helpful when I went in but this Starbucks just isn't anything very special.  The truth is that there are much nicer Starbucks in Edinburgh (any many beautiful, cheaper and nicer independent coffee shops but that is a completely different point) such as the one of the Royal Mile. I would definitely recommend other branches over this one.
4 Nice Starbucks, friendly good seating up back and you can watch the shopper if sutton in the front window. Great place to meet up with there or to have a study session .
3 In the past year or so l could count only a handful of times where I now venture into a Starbucks store, where previously I used to go daily and I really do mean every day, sometimes twice.  Early morning on Sunday I found myself here with company, who suggested to go here.  I think they do provide a good service in this store and facilities, but staff need to loosen up more, the two staff l met where either shy or very withdrawn.  A lot of Starbucks stores tend to be grubby around the edges, but that's never put me of a place, but with this store it's more obvious with the blank & characterless walls, it's looks as if there is something, like posters or something missing.  With only four people in this coffee shop my friend ordered a hot filled breakfast roll and  the server got the wrong order.
4 Yes, friends, sometimes I go to Starbucks in search of wifi. I feel much better about sitting for hours on end with one £2 cup of tea on Starbucks' dime than anyone else's - I would get the guilt if I did it to anybody else!  But today I genuinely had to double-check. Was I checking in to the right Starbucks? This beautiful, cleverly-laid-out glass-fronted cafe, this cunning mezzanine circled with padded benches... this was the two-star hound that peered piteously up from the cold glare of my iPhone screen? Surely not... and yet, and yet, and yet.  The staff were smart and efficient - the second a queue began to form behind me (what can I say, I'm a magnetic presence) one of the baristas hopped out and started taking orders, making the quick ones right there on the spot, so by the time the transaction ahead of me was complete, my cup of mint tea was sitting there right next to the till to be pushed my way at the point of payment. SMART.  Toddling up the little wooden stairs to the upper layer of the store (which I just love how they've done that, by the way) I settled myself by a table on a nice squidgy bench - I really do like a nice squidgy bench - and sat for a while admiring the view onto Hanover Street (and, ahem, of the attractive gentleman working industriously in the opposite corner, ahem).  My experience of this branch is so far removed from others' that I was seriously on the point of giving it five stars - it loses one only for the state of the toilets, which were mildly shambolic. Clean, but cluttered and cramped.
