3 Great steak, shame about the sauce.    I've been here twice, a couple of years apart. First time I had a burger and remember it being everything a good burger should be. Good enough in fact to return with enthusiasm. This time I ordered steak with a fancy-pants chili sauce. Seemed like the thing to do. 'Twas not dear reader, 'twas not. After a couple of mouthfuls of red gloop I scraped the rest to one side and concentrated on the fine steak buried beneath.    A salutory lesson. They do certain things really well; starters, grilled meat and puddings. The trimmings; sauces, gussied-up dishes, decor, not so good. If both parties stick to what they do best a fine meal can be enjoyed by all. Especially if you take advantage of the BYOB option and spend a tenner on a decent cab sav to go with the food.
4 Buffalo Grill is ranch style food in a non fast food setting, making it a pretty darn fine place to chow down (did that sound remotely American? Or have I just embarrassed myself?). If you're a faithful vegetarian and like a lot of menu variety, this venue is probably not ideal, although they do have a few veggie things on the menu, like a Mexican tortilla, or the good old veggie burger. If you're a lover of big, high quality cuts of meat, then this is certainly one of the best restaurants to go to in Edinburgh for such a speciality.   There is another Buffalo Grill up near Bristo Square, which is BYOB, however the Stockbridge BG is licensed, which is a bonus if you forget to buy vino on the way there. You can still bring your own bottle if you want, with a charge of £1 for corkage. The atmosphere at the weekends is bustling and really good fun, and the hefty steaks served here are sure to line your stomach before a night out. There are tons of tasty Scottish beef varieties on the menu, but I tend to stick to the awesome French rib-eye, in a mushroom, brandy and mustard sauce. There are also burger, chicken, and fish options. Lastly...how good does this sound? "The Carpetbag - Centre-cut rump steak with half a dozen Scottish oysters pan-fried in garlic butter." Give this steak a try if you come here for a meal, it's definitely next on my list.
5 Buffalo Grill, like its sister restaurant in Newington, is the place to go if you want a good steak! This isn't just your normal bland Steak House, this is a steak house with character!   The menu provides a range of steaks, however I have to insist you to try the Roquefort Rib-Eye steak. It's delicious! However, you are someone who goes to a steak house for something which isn't, well, a steak, then you will not be disappointed! On offer are chicken, fish and even some vegetarian options! Yes, this steak house does indeed provide for vegetarians!   Furthermore, what adds to Buffalo Grill is that it has its own independent feel about it, something which you do not get with large high street chain steak houses. Also, you can bring along your favourite bottle to the restaurant, for a small fee for corkage.   This is one of my favourite restaurants to Edinburgh, prices are not cheap, but well worth it when you tuck into that Roquefort Rib-Eye steak, well done of course, with its blue cheese, garlic, red wine sauce...enough, I think you get the picture, Buffalo Grill is the best place in Edinburgh for a steak!
2 Not as good as I remember it to be.  Maybe they were understaffed, or maybe they staff are not as good as they should be... whatever it is, this restaurant can do better.  The food was nice, nothing more, nothing less. Portion sizes are good and my steak was medium-rare as I requested, but there was a certain something missing... the flavours do not grab you. At no point did I feel that I must return here, yet at the same time it was good enough to satisfy my hunger.  Maybe my taste buds have matured, or maybe I expect too much, but I left Buffalo Grill having eaten as much as I wanted / needed, yet also feeling that it wasn't as special as it could, and possibly should, have been!
4 After a wander down Stockbridge and looking for a place for a decent plate of food, I ended up in the Buffalo Grill for the first time. Initial impressions were reasonably good, as the restaurant had a varied tex-mex menu and the decor was rustic but cosy. There were lots of cool photos and paintings on the wall showing the native Americans from yesteryear, which had me fixated.   I wanted vegetarian or seafood and found that the menu had six or seven options, which is pretty decent for a place that prides itself on its knowledge of beef. I ended up ordering a wrap stuffed with beans, rice, bell peppers and chilis, topped with guacamole, sour cream and cheese.   Upon dinner's arrival I was a little worried that the meal wouldn't fill me up - the plate sizes looked a wee bit on the small side for the price. However, I was quickly proven wrong upon digging into the grub. The food was hot, tasty and a good portion size after all.   My dinner companion had the blue mountain burger, and for a meaty meal he was happy with the result. We also scoffed down onion rings, leaving us too full for a pudding (but the toffee dime bar cake sounds AMAZING...).   Service was friendly and prompt. Everything was delivered in good time and nothing was late or incorrect. Nice.    We weren't looking for anywhere particularly fancy, so if you want a relaxed atmosphere and some good, home-cooked grub then this is a good bet. The restaurant was busy so I think it's a popular haunt around the area. Give it a go!
1 The beauty of Buffalo Grill is that you can go and know exactly what you're going to have - comfort food (in a way) and at a cheap and cheerful rate. However, in these recession hit times, eating out is more of a luxury than it used to be and lots of cafés and restaurants have thrived by ensuring that they provide an experience worth paying for, using locally sourced ingredients, cooking to a high standard on the premises rather than using pre-made food and taking pride in their menu and what they offer. Unfortunately, Buffalo Grill has not done this. I used to love BG; the El Diablo burger was a particular favourite. However, on our last visit the scales fell from my eyes as I waded through my 'salad' (NB it's not the '80s anymore, who serves a slab of iceberg these days?) and chewed through stodgy, packet sourced, frozen-until-half-an-hour-ago chips which incidentally had been advertised on the menu as 'fries' (not the same thing). Making chips is not difficult and even the local pub would balk at serving up anything less than hand-cut triple-fried little beauties nowadays. For dessert, I had dime-bar cake and when it arrived I realised that it was just out of a packet (don't they sell that at IKEA?) and certainly not worth the £4 per portion being charged.   The restaurant was shabby with paint peeling off the walls, the tables were in an appalling condition and our wine was corked. Oh and if your waitress tells you that it is illegal to serve mince (burgers) at anything less than medium cooked in Scotland, she's delusional. This is totally untrue and if so I've been to several other restaurants (one with a Michelin start chef) who are flagrantly breaking the law. Maybe that's Buffalo Grill's policy and if so that's fine but at least be honest about it. My advice? Don't bother unless you want a below average meal that leaves you feeling just a little bit 'meh'.
