3 I was pretty bored on this, and it's definitely over-priced. You can get a discount at the tourist centre by Waverley station (off Princes Street) but it's still pretty pricey.    It has the most useless water "ride" in existence which transports guests about 15 feet forwards and then back to the original place of embarkation...    Actors are quite funny and when I went there was a bit of banter between actors and one particular guest who appeared to be rather drunk...
4 I am well hard but Edinburgh Dungeon is genuinely terrifying!  The actors are fantastic and the sets and props as gory as you can stomach! What is most disturbing though is that all the different attractions are based on real events that took place in and around Edinburgh.   The Anatomy Theatre tells the story of medical autopsies in Edinburgh in the 1820s and how a shortage of bodies led to a couple of unsavory characters doing despicable things to up the death rate!   The Extremis Drop Ride is based on the hangings which used to take place at Grassmarket and was a bit too much for my delicate nature but if you like scary rides which make you want to be sick then you'll love it!   Mary Kings Close is where hundreds of plague victims were left to rot in Edinburgh in the 1640s. Mary King apparently haunts the close seeking revenge and the Edinburgh Dungeon team has got this section disturbingly accurate, right down to the smell of rotting flesh, yuck.   There is a boat ride called the Cave of Sawney Bean. Sawney Bean was a mass murdering cannibal who killed travelers in order to feed his family of 46, the family being so large due to numerous incestuous relationships, lovely. Eventually the family was caught after they had killed over 1000 people. The men of the family had their limbs hacked off and were left to bleed to death where as the women and children were burned alive, double lovely!   There is also a William Wallace section where you hear his infamous story told by one of his followers. I'm sure you all know the story but it is great to see it brought to life in all the gory detail, freeeeeedooooom!!  All in all the Edinburgh Dungeon is a great day out if you like being scared shitless.
4 My first experience with the "Dungeon" chain was when I was 7 and my parents took me to the London Dungeons. My distinct memory of this trip was when we went to have our photo taken like these tourists attractions do. So my dad is put in the stock (is that the right word? The thing you put your head and arms in) and gave me an axe to hold over his head. Now being 7 years old I thought the axe was real and it weighed a tonne making me panic that I was going to chop my dad's head off. So we have this lovely family photo with every one smiling except me, who looks completley terrified. It was only recently I came to terms with the fact that a. it wasn't a real axe, and b. I wasn't actually going to chop my dad's head off. It was traumatic though.  So my granny took me here recently. Seriously, my Granny is a social fiend and should have her own Yelp account because most of my reviews stem from places she has taken me. Anyway. Edinburgh has a fantastic history so it is perfect for the Dungeons. They cover everything from Burke and Hare to William Wallace, and they do it in a frickin scary way. The actors are brilliant and quite frightening, everything from the hair and make up to their persona's is so well thought out. There is this boat ride that still haunts me to this day. I was seated in the back corner and upon realizing that I was in the pitch black I decided someone was going to jump up behind me, so I promptly screamed. For no reason. This quickly triggered every other female and child to scream, while everyone else looked around clueless.  I am a massive wimp so everything scared the wits out of me here. It is quite a fun day out, but not cheap if you are taking the whole family. I'm not sure how scared younger kids would be by this, if your kid is a big hard man then probably not too scary, but if your kid is scared of the dark not the best attraction I think. And don't let them give your child an axe because it is mentally scarring!
4 Edinburgh is quite a spooky city. It has a history, lots of horror stories such as Burke and Hare, and so the Edinburgh Dungeon is one of the scariest!   The lay-out is typical of most dungeons, blood seeping through the walls, creepy music and ominous dark curtains everywhere. The staff are brilliant, they really get into it and include people in the show. I prefer it when people are included, it gives you a sense of being part of it, rather than just watching a show. There is a really cool (but really scary) boat-ride as part of the trip, I am one of those people who jumps at anything, including sneezes, ringing phones and creaks. And I jumped at all 3 in the Edinburgh dungeon.  At times I felt it was a bit over-rehearsed and a bit boring, but overall it was a great experience and I would thoroughly recommend it.
2 I came here on my first visit to Edinburgh 3 years ago, and have deterred any of my visiting friends to do so since. It's a gory tour of Edinburgh's gory past, with a lot of dressed up people waiting around the corner to go boo. It definitely worked for the younger members of our tour group but it was very tackily done and the decorations and layouts of the places were not even convincing. And this is all for an expensive entry as well! My advice to those visiting Edinburgh is that you are in a very historic City with plenty of open air tours offered to real (quite scary) locations so why pay to see a replica of something you can walk to and see down the street ? (unless fake blood is your thing). I suppose it keeps the kids entertained?
4 I love the 'Dungeons' - all that I have been to have managed to be pant-wettingly scary and funny cum educational all at the same time. No easy task I tell you.  Edinburgh's Dungeon has a bit of a helping hand on its side before you even walk into the building near Waverly Station which houses the horror - Edinburgh's history is genuinly frightening anyway, so all of the frights in the Dungeon are real events, from right here in the city - to me, this makes them that little bit more menacing and scary.  Anyway, the Dungeons take you through this history of Edinburgh and its dark side, with trips into time with Mary Kings Close and Burke and Hare. There is a lot of audience participation, as well as lots of frights as actors jump out at you. The Dungeon also has a dark sense of humour, with some of the areas being intentionally funny, but in a frightening way.   The Edinburgh Dungeons  rank pretty high in my liust of frightening things to do in the Capital.
4 The last time I went to the Edinburgh dungeons was a great experience and well worth the student ticket price of £10 or so. I remember waiting in the waiting room for the tour to start and an oddball in period costume stood behind my friend, grabbed his bum and made a disturbing groaning noise - I sincerely hope he was part of the performance as we didn't see him again after that.   In fact all the staff seemed to take quite a liking to my friend and he was the object of ridicule in pretty much every scenario throughout the dungeon. First of all he was accused of being a cross dresser in the initial court section where he was referred to as Margaret even though he couldn't look less like a Margaret if he tried.  Next up he was told to bend over (don't worry, it's a family day out) in the torture chamber where he nearly came a cropper with some sinister looking objects of medieval torture. It was hilarious for me to watch him looking so embarressed but he took it all in good humour which is what the Edinburgh Dungeons is all about - it's just a laugh after all!  After 20/30 minutes of laughing at my friend it was my turn to be ridiculed and I was called up to help an oddball "dissect" a dummy where I recall having to pull out some sausage and a sandwich from the lifeless plastic dummy a rather bizarre experience but funny nonetheless.  Overall, I can't say that I found any part of the dungeons remotely scary but it's an absolutely hilarious afternoon out and I can highly recommend it! The actors are all fantastic and I learnt quite a bit about Edinburgh history and various different methods of medieval torture.
4 Yes, so it's full of tourists. And the staff assume that you're a tourist too when you're there. But it's still one of those things that you have to tick off your to-do list when you're in Edinburgh.  There's always some kind of simulator ride which comes at the end of the tour, and it's always changing. The one they have at the moment is called 'the last drop', and you all get "hanged" for your part in the Burke & Hare bodysnatching scandal.   Cheesy, but good fun and it will make you jump in places. And even if they don't the stuff they tell you is really interesting and you'll find out loads of random things about Edinburgh that you never knew before!
4 You've got to appreciate the cheese factor of this classic Edinburgh attraction, that has actually been around since the dawn of time. It's gimmicky, and pretty tourist orientated, but it is also education...sort of... made fun, and it's good banter for a random visit.  So many parties and birthdays when I was at school included a visit to the dungeon, so I think I had my fill of it when I was younger, and it was on the old site on Shandwick Place. Now that I'm older, and people are doing mature things for their birthday, I no longer get the regular opportunity to prowl around the dungeon, however, I am keen for a visit now and again when friends are visiting from other places.  Guides in costumes, a guillotine, stories and legends about gruesome events in Scotland's past, the black death, Burke and Hare and various other dark and spooky features designed to terrify you, make up the tour of the dungeon. Worth a visit for the craic.
4 I should give myself the official title of Elite Yelp Bargain hunter.  The Dungeon has a very dear entry ticket price of 16.50 pounds per person. And if you are a student 16 pounds... woohoo 50 pence off. Well, that isn't good enough for me. Luckily the High Street Hostel provided us with a free map of Edinburgh that included coupons and one was 2 for 1 entry to The Dungeon! So we showed our student IDs and paid a fair price of 8 pounds each!   Lisa G. gives a great review of what The Edinburgh Dungeon contains. The actors were quite good and I will admit that there were moments when I wouldn't let go of my boyfriends hand!  The Dungeon shoppe at the end it quite cheesy, and for those who are familiar with the chain Hot Topic or and Halloween store, that's all they have to offer.  But good rides and a scare none-the-less!
5 If you want to do something fun, different and learn some Scottish history at the same time then there can only be one option - The Edinburgh Dungeon.  Folk who are not local to Bonnie Scotland may find the accents quite difficult to follow however they will still find the experience enjoyable particularly the hanging simulation at the end.    But be warned - take a spare pair of pants with you as it is quite spooky!!!
1 Got free tickets, otherwise wouldn't have gone.  Cheesy and amateur.  Turn off lights and have someone randomly scream at you: same experience you'll have here.  Learning is fine but not what I would choose to hear about Scotland if I could do it again.
4 Lauren does not do ''feart'' very well so I am not actually a fan as such of this place, the 4 stars reflect the effort I could see has gone into the place and the actors who keep the whole thing running.  The actors are fantastic and mostly pretty convincing, the props and sound effects keep the whole spooky thing at it's height.   Chuffed I did this, but no-one but my best friend could have convinced me to go in here and if I venture back....well, let's just say I'll probably take spare pants! A great day out for those who like a spook and a scare, and I do have to say some of the historical bits explained throughout were really quite interesting!  Also, apologies to the innocent woman standing next to me who's head I nearly climbed up in fright!! :P
5 Absolutely brilliant fun, very immersive, and a great way to learn some of Edinburgh's less savoury history! The staff/actors are fantastic, be prepared for a scare!
