4 I wish we had Pizza Express here in the US.   Then I could have my beloved Siciliana with Italian artichoke heart, anchovies, prosciutto cotto ham, olives and garlic. And hubby could have a Sloppy Giuseppe (spicy peppers,beef and onion).   Or we could buy them in Sainsburys!   This branch is always fairly busy being so close to Princes' St but the service is usually good and the wait is worth it!
4 I am for sure a fan of this place. Don't be fooled by the name.  This is actually a very trendy place. The food is absolutely delicious! I recommend getting the Bosco Salad, Campo de'fiori Pizza, and Banoffee Pie. They're pretty darn good!  This place gets quite busy at night. I would call them and make a reservation. Oh yeah, you should also tell them when you have to leave, just so the waiter is aware of your time constraints.  The staff is friendly and attending.  -1 for making me wait 20 minutes for the food. Overall, I had a great experience here. Just a great place to enjoy some good Italian food and relax.
1 I am usually a fan of Pizza Express, however this is one of their restaurants that I shall be steering clear of in future.  I had a voucher where myself and a friend could get two courses and a glass of wine for a £10, so I didn't take much convincing to pop in here for what I thought would be a nice little evening.   When we walked in, we were left standing around until we had to approach a waiter to ask if we could be seated, to which we received a rude response of "in a minute!", even though there were plenty of tables available. When we were finally seated with menus, we sat for 15 without service, and weren't even asked if we would like a drink. After 20 minutes of desperately trying to make eye contact with the waiters and waitresses, who paid us no attention at all, we got up and left.  I found the service here to be appalling and I was amazed at the lack of customer service from the staff and what appeared to be the manageress, who gave a half hearted apology when she finally noticed we were leaving the restaurant. Definitely not the treatment I would expect from such an established restaurant chain.
4 Great as a Sloppy Giuseppe is, it's telling that in the countless years I've enjoyed Pizza Express's products, it's almost always been takeaway or their supermarket versions I've went for.  There's something about it that just doesn't feel right, and I think it's the name. "Pizza Express" just sounds like a grubby late-night takeaway, and thus is the only reason I can think of for not dining here.  At risk of sounding stuck-up, it's not a conscious decision, rather Pizza Express just never really comes to mind when I want to eat out. I don't know why, as the food is actually pretty excellent.
4 Five stars for the OMG AMAZING superfood salad (super is right)!!!  I hope they never, ever take this off the menu...not even in a zillion years.  It's just so lovely and exactly what I have been missing at nearly every other restaurant in the UK.  People often ask me what I miss about home (US) and the only thing I say without hesitation is, "the entree salad."  Why is it so rare here to find a salad that is not only big enough to constitute an entire meal, but is also GOOD?  Well here at Pizza Express, of all places, I have finally found it.  This was my first time ever in a Pizza Express.  There's apparently one in George Square, but I've been spending all my culinary energy in that part of town at Pintos...not any more I won't!  Three stars for the ho-hum service.  Nothing remarkably bad about the service, but certainly nothing stand-out amazing.  So four stars it is for Pizza Express - imagine my surprise!
