4 The success of Assembly owes a lot to its location just by the Bristo Square and Edinburgh University. Offering a 2 for 1 on main meals between 5 and 9 is a pretty good way to secure this clientele especially when this is matched by 2 for 1 on drinks too! If I'm honest, the food isn't really up to much and I would suggest you don't stray too far from the burgers and sandwiches but if you're up cheap and cheerful this is your place. I used to come here a lot with my friends looking for cheap cocktails. Ah so much fun. The floors are sticky, the bathrooms aren't up to much, unless you get a booth at the back you'll find the seats uncomfortable BUT for some reason I love this place.
4 By day, this place is a staple for Edinburgh University students grabbing a spot of lunch. Come evening, and Assembly manages to smoothly make the transition from eatery into bar.  As part of the Montpeliers group, the cocktails although pricey are made to an extremely high standard and with good quality ingredients, and staff are always happy to guide you through the extensive drinks menu in order to find your perfect drink.  At lunchtimes Assembly is always busy due to the 'All Food Under a Fiver' menu, and as a result service can sometimes be slow, however the food makes up for it. For someone as indecisive as me, the option of 3 Light Bites for £5 saves me having to just choose one dish, although the chicken fajitas and spaghetti carbonara ordered by my fellow diners did look extremely tasty. I opted for a greek salad, breaded mozzarella sticks served with spicy tomato salsa and mini spring rolls served with hoi sin sauce. The greek salad was delicious, with just the right balance of salty feta and tangy onion, and not swimming in way too much dressing as is so often the case when ordering a salad in restaurants.  The great offers also extend to drinks at the moment too - the most popular cocktail, beer, red and white wine by the glass, and flavoured vodka shot are all half price at the moment. I'd definitely recommend a shot of their toffee vodka, for only £2 it's the perfect end to a meal.
4 George Square is the playground for Edinburgh Uni students (and skateboarders) and so it was only natural that a cheap and trendy restaurant would open looking over the square. Step in Assembly! It is a really nice student restaurant. They have comfy couches and slouchy sofas to sit and relax all day long. As a result, it is always really really busy and if you try to get some lunch at 1ish, you'll be lucky. Their menu is really cheap - everything is under £5! Brilliant! I can highly recommend both the Assembly salad and the Thai Beef Salad, as well as their panini's and nachos.  As I said, it is a student-haven, so if you don't like to mingle amongst the Universities finest yah's then maybe visit in the afternoon or evening, by which time they should all have gone back to New-Town to back-comb their hair.
3 I have been here on a number of occasions. They have a very good deal on main meals for a fiver which are quite substantial and filling even if there isn't a huge selection to choose from. However they also make very good cocktails in the evening even if the bar tenders can be a bit snobby and the prices a bit higher- which is strange as its such a student-orientated place.  Other than that the atmosphere is very chilled and it's reflected in the decoration. The layout has couches and small tables . Only complaint I can ever recall from this place was that about 2 weeks ago the waitress took forever to come take our order ( she was really friendly though!) and then everyone from the shop seemed to have disappeared and the guy who I eventually found to pay was quite rude and it felt like I was bothering him by trying to pay. Other than this it's a pretty good young people's bar to start your night at without breaking the bank.
4 I'm actually really keen for the banter in here, so I'm not sure why I don't come here more often. I think it's because we're all a bit too set in our traditional ways down in the new town, so it's about time I coerced my friends into coming up here more often.  Assembly is quite student orientated, given the location near Edinburgh University, but if you class yourself as young then this is a pretty snazz place to have a few drinks. This is a really good looking place to sit and have a drink, I've always been keen on the modern, slightly edgy look to it, and the cocktails are really good, and so reasonable in comparison to the skyscraping prices in the new town. Certainly a cool place to have imbibe some beverages, I recommend.
4 Assembly is in the prime location for Edinburgh Uni students - overlooking George Square and just across the road from the student union Potterrow.  The menu offers a varied selection of meals and on the whole the food is really tasty.  The Thai beef salad, burgers and the nachos are in particular very good; however, I found their spaghetti carbonara quite disappointing.  Assembly is a great place to start off a night out as it offers cheap drinks and a great cocktail menu, including Cosmopolitans and Margaritas.  Best of all is the prices - most meals are under £5 and there are many student offers available offering a 2 for 1 on drinks and main meals.    The staff are very friendly, although the service at times has been quite slow and I have often had to wait a fair while to pay.  Assembly has a very relaxed layout with comfy couches and sofas to sit in and chill out with friends.  There are also tables and chairs outside and in the summer it is the ideal place to sit with friends and watch the world go by.
5 I LOVE  assembly, simply because I appreciate wholesome no-nonsense food, of which they serve alot! I've been here a couple of times, for lunch and dinner and haven't been disappointed!  This is yet another restaurant conveniently close to George Square. The interior is extremely cosy, and my friends and I have always opted for the comfortable leather booths towards the end of main floor. They've also got outdoor seating for those rare days of good weather here!   The menu is just indulgent, with a fantastic selection of burgers, snack food and a pretty decent fish and chips meal! The restaurant doubles as a bar, so you can drink almost anything you might want with your meal (assuming you're of age...) I am a meat eater, but my favourite dish there has been their spicy vege-burger. It's definitely worth a try!
4 Assembly is pretty good, but there are a few issues.  I don't know where they find the cheese for their chicken Caesar salad but it's as strong as it gets!! My friend ordered it and literally couldn't stomach more than half of it because the cheddar (or whatever it was) was so mature and overpowering.  Further, the nachos are pretty dry and there's nowhere near enough guacamole to cover all the tortillas.   Other than that the food at Assembly is actually really tasty, especially their burgers which use only the best Scottish beef.  It's all served in good portions and the prices match the quality. It's in a pretty central location so it's ideal if you're in the area.
2 As this bar/restaurant is next to my flat you'd be forgiven for thinking I'm in here a lot..you'd be wrong. Even thought the food is cheaper than next door at Negociants it just doesn't cut it for me. The food is below average and I've waited 15 minutes after walking in to even be acknowledged by a member of staff.  The interior is fairly standard - leather sofas and chairs, some booths, red ad sliver colour scheme. It all just leaves me cold.  In its favour it does play some really good music so as a bar it is much improved, you don't have to eat the food or get average table service. Just don't go for lunch or dinner!
4 I always expect to dislike Assembly, yet it constantly surprises me. Right next to Bristo Square, it's a great place to pop in for  a bite of lunch, or to go for a few chilled out drinks. Because of its location though, it does get very busy, so it can be tricky to get a table.  The lunch menu is excellent, with quite a few dishes for a fiver, including fajitas, carbonara, and these weird little chinese dipper thingies. It's surprisingly good for bar food, and for that price it great. Later on in the evening it's a really good place for drinks as well. Although they can't do the 2 cocktails for a fiver before because of the licensing law that I so often complain about, they aren't too expensive. Whilst not as good as the nearby Bar Kohl, they are still excellent. You can also get a full range of beers and wines for those not feeling like cocktails.  Overall a great place for both food and drinks.
4 My favourite wee place when I'm up here.  Ace grub, at a thoroughly reasonable price with good service.  £2.50 for a double vodka mix? Yes please!  Really good bar selection.  Give it a try!
3 This is becoming a bit of a staple for lunches.  I went with sister and her two small offspring the other day and we had a very enjoyable time. The music was a bit loud when we first went in, but the food was lovely and plentiful, and once the music was turned down, we actually had an enjoyable and ambient time. There is plenty of space at lunch time for child wrangling, and as mentioned staff and food were good.  Some excellent different menu item sizes meant that my sister could have a couple of small dishes, while I had a great plate of nachos. The chilli was excellent, jalapenos were not too hot, the guac was plentiful and the cheese adequately melted.   Jeni's dishes looked and tasted excellent. I really enjoyed the leftover bits.   Orange juices for the kiddiewinks were well received  and the staff didn't really mind my niece "dancing" on the sofa - she thinks dancing is the same as bouncing.   Why 3 stars? Well I've only been for lunch and a few after work drinks things. I've not really experienced it to the same level as other places I've given 4 stars too. I'm also trying to be more discerning in my reviewing. I also get this weird feeling that it doesn't really know what it is. Bar? Restaurant? Who knows.  Oh and the notice to say there wasn't card service was hidden behind the pegged open door when we went in so we didn't realise till after. It would have been nice for the staff to have told us this when we ordered so we could organise to pop to a cash machine, instead of my sister being forced to do this after what can only be described as dealing with a dual poo-ocalypse.
