1 Has Mammas changed ownership recently?    Got a delivery at the weekend and the first thing I noticed was that it arrived in a generic box as opposed to a Mammas box. What was inside was just as generic (and soggy) and nothing like the Mammas pizzas I remember from the past.    On the phone I was asked if I wanted spicy or mild but that didn't seem to translate to much on the plate. They may as well have asked if I wanted bland or blander.    As for the Buffalo wings coated in Mammas secret spicy recipe and served with your choice of sauces, I think they may have waived a some BBQ sauce nearby but three of the wings didn;t even have any sauce on them. If they were coated in some secret spicy recipe I think the secret will be safe for a while.    I used to like Mammas but will probably be taking my custom elsewhere in future. The one star is for the quick delivery.
3 Ordered take away at 2110 on Thursday evening. 14 inch seafood. £16. prompt service but not great value for a slightly too soft pizza. I suppose that crisp delivery pizza is almost a contradiction in terms.
4 I've been coming to Mamma's for my pizza fix for as long as I can remember. It is one of very few independent dedicated pizza joints in Edinburgh, I'd be hard pushed to name another one - they must've scared the competition away! Mamma's definitely knows how to do pizza well: thin and crispy bases with lots of exotic toppings (marshmallow anyone?). The menu has a few starters (go for the macho nachos), but the main event is obviously the pizza. It comes in four different sizes, helpfully illustrated by a ruler on the menu, and you're encouraged to order a large one and share it between your party, this adds to the convivial atmosphere and also makes things a little cheaper. There are gluten/wheat free options so those with intolerances can join in the fun too.  Tasty pizza, central location and student discount - what's not to love?
4 Mamma's has got to be one of my favourite places to have a pizza in Edinburgh. Over the years this place has not disappointed!   Situated down at the Grassmarket, Mamma's is not small but not large inside, just the right size for an independent pizzeria. The interior is slightly retro with lots and lots of literature and posters about upcoming gigs and comedy shows!   Apart from this, I suppose the pizza is the main attraction. With nice, crispy Italian bases, the pizzas are fantastic! From a margarita to a hot and spicy Americano, the pizzas are full of bursting flavours! Furthermore, you do not just need to sit inside to experience the taste of the food, you can actually order and pick them up, and eat them in the luxury of your own home!   If you want a great meal in Grassmarket, you will be hard pushed to find a better place, and for pizza, it is simply one of the best in Edinburgh!
5 Mamma's is a great Italian restaurant in the Grassmarket which always gives a delicious, value for money meal with friendly service.  I've been here a few times with my friends over the past year and we've always enjoyed ourselves.  It's famed locally for its pizzas, but it also offers a good range of other authentic Italian dishes like stone baked steak and lasagne.  The meals are served in good, filling portions and I've never left Mamma's hungry, even after having just a main course. Pizzas, however, are their speciality and they offer a plethora of toppings, from spicy Italian sausage to haggis!  On weekends it gets pretty busy and can feel a little tightly packed.  Don't let this put you off as the food is more than worth it!
4 I love pizza, and hence when I heard that Mamma's served the "best pizza in Edinburgh" I was excited.  And I wasn't too disappointed...  Mamma's offers both indoor and outdoor seating, although I'd highly recommend heading indoors just to enjoy some of the atmosphere.  Inside, it is very interesting.  There is lot's of retro, almost graffiti style artwork on the walls, the subject of which is largely caricatures of the available pizza toppings.  This artwork provides a contrast with the furnishings which are traditional and wooden.   The toppings available are fantastic. there is a variety of cheeses available besides mozzarella, including goat's cheese and blue cheese. You can have things I would never have considered putting on a pizza myself, including apple and even cactus. Furthermore, you have the option of having your pizza made with the mild or the spicy tomato sauce.  It's also not just pizza on offer. Other dishes available include steak and pasta. The pizza's have deliciously crisp bases and the ratio of cheese to other toppings is just right. A particular highlight for me was the prosciutto and pineapple topping.   While this place is good, if it wasn't for the 40% discount I receive due to Snapfax (a student discount book), I would consider it too pricey.  If you wish to eat out and it's delicious pizza you're after, this is the place to go. However, if you're not too fussed about the whole eating out part and are just after some delicious pizza, I'd recommend Papa John's.
3 This Italian restaurant at the Grassmarket was worryingly empty when a friend and I walked up to it; it was good weather and we'd just spent a lovely hour lunching and lounging at Made in Italy. All the outdoor seats of the restaurants and pubs we walked past were full, except for Mamma's. However, we did check out the menu, which is definitely unique! You've the option of truly creating your own pizza, with banana and Danish blue cheese amongst the choice of toppings. Their pricy mains, such as seared steak you can cook yourself on a hot stone (original!) and Cajun salmon, may have contributed to the empty seats, which really does puzzle me because the menu looked awesome. So awesome I'll upload a picture.
4 We have eaten at Mamma's several times over the years and are never left wanting. We thought it would be a mixed bag during the Festival, but we were seated within minutes and the staff were very helpful and polite - which can often be hard to find in the city on a Saturday night - especially in the Grassmarket.  I was a bit disappointed with the lack of spinach on my pizza, and finding out after asking for more that I was charged for it. Also, they automatically add an optional 10% gratuity to the bill - however, if I ran a restaurant in the Grassmarket, I'd probably do the same.  Mamma's is the only pizza place I've seen that does a gluten free crust - which I'll definitely have to try next time.  Now to eat my left over pizza...
3 Mamma's advertises itself as American-style pizza, but although they make an effort, it's really not up to the standards of pizza in America.  I will give Mamma's credit for having a decently long topping list for the pizzas. However, the crust was too dense and the sauce wasn't particularly tasty. Overall though, the pizza was OK - nothing too special, but certainly not bad.  My biggest disappointment was the garlic bread. It was too expensive, too thin, over-toasted, and had barely any garlic butter on it!  The atmosphere was fun and friendly.  In summary, if you are expecting great American style pizza here in Edinburgh, Mamma's simply does not deliver. The pizza is decent, but nothing to write home about.
4 My first full day in Edinburgh 18 months ago, I found myself in an Internet cafe and was googling 'gluten free in Edinburgh'. My fingers hovered over the keys as I waited, breathless with anticipation, as to what results google would yield.  I nearly exploded with excitement when I discovered I could get gluten free pizza at Mamma's in the Grassmarket. Armed with a 'leaving gift' of my Edinburgh guidebook, I headed towards the pizza.  I loved Mamma's and have returned tons since. I was able to 'recreate' a Sloppy Giuseppe (chili beef, onions and peppers) and grab a GF beer at the same time (heaven). So, it was a rainy day but I was in a little sunny corner of America, munching down on pizza, drinking beer, and listening to classic eighties rock.  Whilst loitering between interviews, I found myself with time to kill and I headed to Mamma's last week. The pizza base was thinner than before (good!), nice and crispy (hate doughy pizza's). The tomato sauce base comes in mild or spicy - I went for spicy but there was a little too much sauce and it was slightly bitter but the other toppings were generous. No sides this time but the sweet potato fries seasoned with paprika are am-az-ing and if in full pig out mode, then the warmed chocolate brownie (speaking from one who has GF brownie fatigue) is great with vanilla ice-cream.  Edinburgh is served well for GF pizza lovers but as my first love in Edinburgh, Mamma's has a special place in my heart....
2 I always feel bad when I am writing a negative review when I ate the goods for free. But, I did, and I wasn't impressed.   But - the good stuff first - Mamma's does a whole range of different pizza and caters for gluten free, which is always worth an extra star. But, the pizza I tried had really meagre toppings and a heavy base. Seafood, vegetarian, they all looked sparse and personally, for me pizza is all about the toppings, the base just holds it all together. When the balance is lost, you have lost me as well. Sorry, Mamma's, as I did eat for free at a Yelp even, but there is just better pizza in town.
5 The people who have given Mamma's 1 or 2 stars must be having a laugh. BEST PIZZA in Edinburgh! you can literally get any combination of toppings! I once had jalapenos and apples!!!! you gotta try this place!!!
4 Good service, I recommend sweet potato fries. Lovely waitress, beautiful decoration.
3 I think that Mamma's is more about how many unusual topping you can add to your pizza than about the base.  The base was too thick and crunchy this visit. I gave up trying to use a fork and knife and just picked a slice up.  We had a cute little corner table at the window which was nice.    I had a buy one get one free voucher from my Spree book which made it a cheap tea.  Nice but not as nice as I remember it the last time.
4 Thanks first to Claire L for this recommendation, it was a fantastic find!  I have seen Mamma's in the grassmarket for 3 years, but never thought about going inside. It just seemed like another tourist trap by the side of the castle. Then I found out I couldn't eat gluten anymore, and needed to find an alternative to my favourite foods.  I had heard that the beloved la favorita's gluten free pizzas were pretty lame. I rang up this morning to ask whether they made them up fresh, and they admitted that they made them all fresh in the morning, but not fresh to order. I love pizza dough which has just been cooked, and mamma's really does well in this respect.  My boyfriend and I went with another couple to Mamma's this evening, armed with Itison tokens (again, thanks Claire L): £11 for 2 9 inch pizzas or gourmet burgers with one glass of wine or beach each. This worked out as a really cheap meal, as we got to choose 3 toppings. I went for goats cheese, olives and pepper with a spicy pizza sauce. There were lots of other exciting options, including cactus, vegetarian sausage, marshmallows and chocolate! Everyone else had normal pizza bases, which were slightly more golden looking than mine, though I admit that it's difficult to make gluten free flour turn that colour. I admit my only criticism would be that the base was quite powdery underneath. Thery were generous with the toppings, and the base was pretty crispy-hate soggy/stodgy pizza bases. The pizzas seemed quite small on the plate, but were slightly thicker than Italian pizzas, so filled you up much quicker. I had a glass of nero d'avola, which was really lovely. The others went for a pint of beer.  Towards the end of the meal, my boyfriend found a piece of plastic in his meal. When the waitress asked if everything was okay, I said "Yeah the pizza was lovely, but we found this in his pizza..." She came back after 10 minutes with a gluten free brownie with vanilla ice cream, and a slice of NY vanilla cheesecake with strawberry ice cream. I quickly said shotgun staring at the GF brownie, which I put in my bag with the intent of eating it for breakfast, stuffed from the pizza. The others shared the ice cream and cheesecake, both of which said were lovely.  I can imagine this being slightly expensive if you were going to eat here without a discount, but with the discount we got a great deal, and the staff were extremely attentive and friendly.  The interior was very clean, and reminiscent of an American diner. I saw other diners going for burgers, milkshakes and rootbeer floats... Always interesting! Mamma's have a great location too, right in the heart of the grassmarket, at the foot of the castle.
4 I'm a pizza lover and Mamma's didn't disappoint!  I had a 9" pizza with 3 toppings: artichokes, green olives and roquito peppers - nestled on a spicy pizza base. So basically, you choose how big a pizza you want, what kind of sauce (spicy or mild) and then what toppings you want. The toppings list is pretty extensive, you can even request cactus or marshmallows on your pizza if you so wish, but I prefer the more conservative options :)  The pizza was delicious, base was not thin but not overly thick either - somewhere between a pan pizza and a thin pizza crust I guess. It was definitely crusty which I liked.   Service is friendly. And the music - oh I could come here just for the music :)
4 Mama-Mia-American-Pizzeria is alrighty for Jungleboy.  The place is a jolly, colourful, multilevel building with alcoves and indoor window gaps. They have personally painted the walls with a  surrealistic piece depicting flying mushrooms, chili-pepper butterflies and a Pepperoni-Man saving the day. Funny!  We sat down on a table for two and we ordered our pizza - 9" with 3 toppings - I got pepperoni, mushrooms and chili-peppers (was I subliminally influenced by the painting? Yes I was..) It was a very well filled pizza and very tasty.  I enjoyed the pizza crust, which I normally don't(!) and appreciated the laid back, but precise way of serving. They enquired if we were OK, we got our drinks served in time and we got to take the left over slices with us.   I did find it a bit cold near the doors and I had a good view of all the people on the outside who peered in to see what this place is like. I made an effort to smile and wave to many of them to show how  good it was - but somehow the peepers backed away from the windows very quick when I did that.   Recommend for a quick visit or even a nice afternoon late snack / meal with a bunch of friends or family, they had a cartwheel of a pizza available to serve to a big table of 8 - it was huge!
5 mama's is still my favourite pizza in edinburgh! tonight i had it with jalapenos, bananna and green olives!!!...quirky i know, but so unusual and good! the waitress gave us a couple of free cokes because our order took so long which was kind and thoughtful!
4 At last! I have found a gluten free pizza that I really like!  Mamma's do gluten free pizza options that are really quite delicous. They also have 9" pizzas so they're the perfect size for one person (genuinely one person, not that "ooft I could really eat just 2/3 of this but may as well finish it...now I have a food baby.") The menu is simple. They have about 4 or 5 'special' topping combos. But basically you choose your base, your sauce (spicy or not spicy) then your toppings yourself: no pre-designed toppings. Price is according to size of pizza nd number of toppings.  I went for prosciuto, olives and mushrooms (my favourite) and it was really nice! Maybe not quite enough ham, but it was gluten free and it was the first pizza I've eaten in 5 months.  They have unusual toppings like apple, haggis and I THINK banana. So much fun to be had!  I ordered mine for delivery and it was about 30 minutes on a Saturday night... definitely quicker than another famous independent place in Edinburgh that usually is 1.5 hours minimum for any delivery.  This is THE place I will be ordering my pizzas from now! Yes!
2 it was a very rainy sunday evening that brought me to Mamma's for dinner with friends.  as the grassmarket is a fair trek from my part of town, i hadn't visited before so didn't really know what to expect besides the offering of pizza.  the menu is pretty standard for a pizza place, loads of pizza toppings to choose from, a variety of pizza sizes, a number of sides to accompany, and pasta dishes if that is what you'd rather go for.  i got a small pizza with artichoke, olives, goats cheese, and garlic tomatoes and we all opted to spilt a side of chili cheese fries.  food arrived fairly quickly, but i was left less than impressed.  my pizza was ok, the toppings were nice but the sauce lacked any real taste and the base was a bit too stodgy for my liking.  the chili cheese fries were tasty though so that was a bit of a saving grace.     while the service was good, i feel like i can't really comment on that much as we were pretty much the only customers in that night.  the waitress was friendly though which is always appreciated.  however, the restaurant itself is a bit tired looking and could use a good clean... not a great thought when you're sat down for a nice dinner.  i think this review might have been three stars but i felt that the price i paid for mediocre food was a bit high.  if memory serves me right, i paid almost £20 for my pizza and portion of the chili fries, which was a bit high for something i didn't really enjoy.  so overall, not really impressed with Mamma's and i'm unlikely to make the effort to go back.
