3 Popular haunt for all types (you'll be lucky to get a seat after 9 any night of the weekend) serving a good range of beers & spirits. Interesting mixed toilets deal going on.
4 Okay. It's hard to get served when it's busy. It's a nightmare to manoeuvre around with more than one drink but any pub that has a fireplace, monkey tat, great choons and a big chill-out bed-type area that doubles as a cinema, gets a thumbs up in my book.   Seriously original.
4 will agree with sarah- it is hard to get served when its busy. my group of 8 were there earlier today and it we were the only ones there and it was still a bit hard to get served.  other than the service and the toilets, which i think are a bit crap as the only two stalls are next to eachothers in a mini room so you can hear your date doing their biz if you hit the can at the same time, this place is good.  they do a cheap lunch special of a soup/sammy and a pint/pop for 3.50 i think and every day they show a movie at 3 in a room with pillows for a floor.  good quiz machine thing with erotica spot the difference, which i am a sucker for.  good little mini room in the back that you can take over with your group of friends. usually a token nut job a the bar.
4 This is a great wee bar, emphasis on the wee but its ace. Cool individual design, love the open fire in the winter, the little room through the back and the amazing giant lounging bed/cinema room. I have met some really great people in there, both behind and in front of the bar. It is a number 1 destination for anyone who works/lives around Drummond street. If you stop off for a coffee at 'Black Medicine' you will recognise the same clientele later in the night frequenting the Brass Monkey. Good times.
5 I study Geography at Edinburgh Uni, and so Brass Monkey is somewhat of a local of mine. After every deadline and exam, my friend and I totter up to Monkeys and sit all afternoon long. It's a really cool pub, really relaxed and really nice to be in. They show movies all day and it's the sort of place you want to take your mum. It can get a bit crazy when it's busy, but on a nice afternoon there's nowhere I'd rather be for my G&T fix
4 This pub seems like your average student pub until you turn into their inner room and find a large mattress on the floor.  Yes you can sit on it and watch a free movie on Wednesday or lounge with your drink on any other day. Shoes are suggested to be taken off, so when crowded can get very smelly at times. Its a fun place though and don't worry if you don't make it on to the large mattress, the rest of the pub is really nice to sit in, with two medium sized rooms with tables and couches.   Very popular amongst students for its great ambiance and good music too. Except for the smelly feet smell. That can kill the mood.
4 Somehow, this place manages to be right next to Uni, and yet not be over-run by students like most of the other pubs in this area. Being a student myself, I feel like a bit of a hypocrite, but sometimes it's nice to go somewhere that isn't full of sports teams and doesn't sell pitchers of beer.  It's got character, yet it's not full of old men who are wasted by lunchtime. And even though it's not too studenty, it's still good value for money - when I was in there the other day they had half a dozen cocktails for £2.50, and pints were around that price too.  There are loads of little rooms going off the main bar area, so it's ideal if you're in a bigger group. But the one thing that this place has over all of it's rivals is their cinema room - a big screen on one wall, and the biggest wall-to-wall bed you've ever seen taking up most of the rest of the room; you can come here for their daily film screening at 3pm, or hire it out for a private screening.  If you're feeling peckish, they do pretty good food too. It's nothing fancy, mainly things like home-made soup and crusty bread or sandwiches, but it's really tasty and it's good value for money.
4 It's a big padded lounge cinema boozer unusually named great pub thingy.  The Brass Monkey is Edinburgh's worst kept secret and provides a quirky place to grab a pint. The afore mentioned 'padded lounge cinema' thing is a room located to the rear of the bar where they show the odd alternative film classic and offer spacious, cushioned seating: basically a huge crash mat for you to mooch on, pint in hand and chums accompanying.  All great fun and a unique selling point.
5 In a city where there are so many bars it really can be a pain to choose one, Brass Monkey has a solution which will help it stand out from the crowd.  But for now, I'm gonna describe the rest of the bar. It's small - like 5 tables and a few seats small, but thats what makes it such a great place. It's intimate and quiet, so its pretty perfect really. The Brass Monkey also does some pretty damn good soup and sandwiches, so grab some lunch here if you fancy it. At night the pub can get busy and a bit crowded, but its a great atmosphere, and I am yet to have a bad night here. Staff are friendly, if sometimes distracted by other things going on.  Now for the worst kept secret ever - there is a cinema in the back. Yep, a cinema with a giant bed/ couch thing. I can assure you, there is nothing better than kicking back with a bowl of that great soup, a sandwich and a pint with your mates and watching some classic 80's film on what is effectivly a bed. Its how all cinemas should be.
4 The Brass Monkey is a brilliant little hang out in the old town, and combines chilled, down to earth qualities with being a pretty cool place to have a few cheeky drinks of an evening. The big Aladdin's carpeted mattress area through the back is the highlight, and probably the quirk the bar is best known for. Cushions, wee tables to rest your drink and walls splashed with bright posters all make this section pretty awesome. It also creates a pretty friendly atmosphere because it's so communal, meaning that you might actually have to look pretty closely in someone's direction and maybe even give them some banter if you're sitting next to them, which I think is cool. I reckon there should always be some random banter when you're in a bar, even if you are with a bunch of mates.  Aside from the one big comfy rug covered seat, for which you can leave your shoes on or off, there are wooden booths and tables in the rest of the bar, for those that like a more sturdy frame to their drinking and a nice supported back. There are also film screenings every day to be seen from the comfort of a mattress seat. Bring a fan at weekends though, this little room can get hot.
4 The atmosphere in Brass Monkey is better than any other pub I've been to in Edinburgh! I usually come here after a morning of classes or an exam and chill out in their 'secret' back room of mattresses and cushions.  Although sleeping is not allowed it's extremely tempting to just doze off with a pint.  The food is also great and I would definitely recommend their sandwiches which go well with the reasonably priced drinks. The front room, however, has the brilliant atmosphere I was referring to.  It's small with very few tables and so isn't cluttered.  If you're in there early you can grab a table with your mates and settle down for a heavy session in the midst of the bustling environment which the pub offers.  The problem, however, is that if can't find anywhere to sit then you're forced to stand which is fine, but it can just feel a bit cramped and pointless.   Brass Monkey is a cosy and affordable alternative to the larger and more conventional pubs in Edinburgh.  Worth a visit no matter the occassion.
4 As others have suggested, Brass Monkey really is a fantastic pub that stands out from the rest.  The pub itself is quite small that can get very cramped. While on that topic, you may want to avoid Brass Monkey on busy nights, particularly weekends during student term time or during the festival. It really can get overly crowded.  And yes there is a cinema at the back. A huge elevated, carpet covered, mattress thingy faces a large screen on which films are played twice weekly. There is a great range of films shown, of which you can choose (as long as no one disagrees). They are mostly classics but there are some more odd ball choices, and they get new films in monthly.  Yes Brass Monkey is actually one of the few Edinburgh pubs I really would choose to go spend my afternoon/evening. They have quite a good selection of sandwiches and soup too, often with deals, making lunch at the Brass Monkey quite an appealing prospect.  Highly recommended!
4 Ok so maybe not so great this time round but still very good!!  It's got a great atmosphere, it's really happy and a good place to be!! Lots of positive energy and lots of happy faces.  The food wasn't as good as last time, but hey!I's still a good place to be!
4 This pub is fantastic, for the simple fact that one of their rooms is completely bounceable! I'll elaborate by saying that the floor seems to consist of a large mattress, which makes me doze off each time I've plopped down there with friends to spend a lazy evening.  It's easy to find, just  off Southbridge, and has a very laid back atmosphere. You are bound to suffer drink casualties, as there will inevitably be difficulty in trying to consume your drink whilst lying down.. I sadly lost two irish coffees in a row on those cushions!  Movies are shown every Wednesday at 3pm as well as on request in the "cosy" room, which has walls coincidentally covered in vintage movie posters.
4 The first time I visited the Brass Monkey I thought it was going to be just your typical Edinburgh pub. However, to my surprise it had something a bit more to offer.   At first, you are presented with the bar which serves your typical range of drinks, including some fine ale's. There are a limited number of seating areas, with many people instead leaning on the walls throughout the bar. However, when you go through in the back, you are presented with a room which is full of bed mattresses. Yes, this is the bar where you can lay back and chill. Cushions surround this back room and add to its comfort. Films are shown in here at times, obviously a great place for that.   The bar has a range of quirky decorative items on the walls and contributes to the quirkiness of the place. Go on give it a try, I dare you to try and carry a tray of drinks on top of the mattresses!
4 What the Bejesus?!?!?!?!?!! They've taken out the cinema from Brass Monkey. But..but...but now it's just a pub. Some utter arsehole has taken out all the beds and replaced them with proper tables. Grrrr.  Well hopefully this is just for the festival, and will resort to being one of the quirkier pubs in Edinburgh. By now everyone pretty much knows that Brass Monkey is half pub, half indie-esque cinema. There is a huge bed, with a load of mattresses squashed together and tables in the middle, fitting about 20 odd people on it. In front of this they've put up a big projector screen so you can see a really good selection of cult films. This is how all cinemas should be, chilling out with booze and food on a bed. The only downside is that there is sometimes a certain foot-ish smell lingering around.  The rest of the bar is tiny but pretty cool. The toilets are behind an old saloon style wall, where they have a list of all the available films. The bar is pretty small and cramped but they have a good range of drinks, including £2.50 cocktails. The staff are all friendly and it's overall a really cool place to drink
4 I was seduced by the poster of the vintage pin-up on the front of this place. You can't judge a book by its cover but with that hot blonde emblazoned on the side, I knew The Brass Monkey was going to be cool.  I was right - it's awesome. Movie nights, a wee room where you can cosy up, cushions in place of chairs, chilled out, a heap of old movie posters lining the wall and a decent selection of booze - this is where I'd drink more frequently if I lived in Edinburgh. The bar staff are laid back and due to the nature of the bar, there's always a good atmosphere. It seems to attract a nice crowd, which I most certainly want to be a part of. Outstanding.
5 Going to add my approval to the growing list of Brass Monkey fans. A few steps off the beaten tourist track will get you into one of the most charm filled pubs in Edinburgh. A tone of great beers, good atmosphere, and an open fire on cold winter nights make this my top pub pick. The highlight is a back-room filled with cushions and vintage movie posters, perfect for chilling out after a hard day at uni.
2 Ehhhh....  A mate and I came here last Friday night for a pint, which after queuing for about 5 minutes in the relatively uncrowded bar area of the pub, we actually got.  I saw a review on Yelp saying there was a cinema in the back. I didn't see a cinema, but while exploring the pub we found a sketchy men's bathroom which appeared to be in a converted wardrobe, and a large room full of beds/couches/something. This may in fact be the cinema room, but I couldn't tell. I also couldn't tell what the furniture was exactly because it was covered with hippies (and a few hipsters.) Neither of which I'm particularly fond of.  Quickly U-turning out of this room we found another room. Also packed, but this one definitely more hipster than hippie. In it was perhaps the pub's only saving grace - a Donkey Kong machine. However, I couldn't get near it because it would have involved climbing over a few "vintage"-clad youth. While i'm sure it would have been "ironic" I didn't want to interrupt their conversation about whatever it is you learn when you study Sociology.  So yeah. Pricey beers, nowhere to sit, shit craic. Definitely not for me.
5 I love the idea of this place.   Lets take something really cool and combine it with something else. Make both things better. Who cannot love that?  Take a pub and put a cinema in the back. Have the cinema room as a Middle Eastern Bedouin tent with Beer Holding Tables. This is brilliant.   I do like this place. Stay near the bar and read your paper. Lots of comfortable seating around.   Then take it up a notch - move to the cinema room and watch a great flick - with your friends - while relaxing on rugs - and drinking beers. Anything else we can add to this (and stay legal) - I doubt it.   Top Marks Mr Monkey
3 I have mixed feelings about Brass Monkey ... on the one hand I think the cinema and boozy orgy bed/seating are awesome unusual additions to a bar.    On the other hand, the boozy orgy bed/seating thing is a total pain in the ass to navigate around when it's busy because inevitably you will be at least a little intoxicated and you're walking on a bouncy surface covered in drunk hippies.    The bathrooms are also unisex (unless I was just too tipsy to notice a separation) and I had my face broken by a wasted guy who broke the flimsy lock on my double-door stall.  That sounds really extreme, and it wasn't, my face just met door.  It was messy.    The bar tenders are hit or miss - sometimes great and sometimes not paying attention to people wanting to give them way too much money for a drink.    This is sounding really negative, which it's not.  This just isn't really my kind of place.
5 So I'm not in love with my new city just yet... but if anywhere is going to help, my round the corner local university pub Brass Monkey will probably have something to do with it.   Why you ask?   Is it because they play particularly decent music at a reasonable level so that you don't feel like an old biddy, and still can hear your friends (and/or people you don't particularly like but need to hear in order to figure this out)?  Why yes, yes it is.   Is it because they not only serve beer, but coffee too? And you love coffee?   Why yes, yes it is.   Is it because the bartenders happen to be people who serve you because they don't hate their jobs and/or life rather than the student pint pullers who seem to hate everything about the universe while they're working? They also smile as you walk by in the afternoon and make you want to come in for a pint later?   Um, yes, definitely.   Is it because they were playing a moderately creepy Japanese movie about a crazy woman who went revenge killing and there were cringe-worthy scenes of damage to her lover's junk and the ENTIRE bar was mesmerized?   Why yes it is.  Is it because they play Top Gun and The Big Lebowski in the same week in their mini theatre (yes! i'm in the mfing uk - i can spell it like that if i want!)?  Yes, yes it is.   Not to be hasty about it... but I think I might just fall in love with Edinburgh, and this, like an adorable nose crinkle, dimples or a facial scar may be the first thing that I fell in love with.
5 The time was going to have to come sooner or later when I would finally have to bite the bullet and review this place......... and after four visits, the time has come. So i am going to just come straight out and say it. I love the brass monkey.  I would happily move flats just so that this place could be my local.  After first hearing of this wonderful, mystical pub on my first yelp night, from Steph and Allie I must say I was more than intrigued!! So naturally of course, it would only be right that they introduce me to what I must say is now one of my favourite pubs in Edinburgh.   Well. I have only ever been for beverages of the alcoholic variety, and have enjoyed it every single time. The atmosphere is great. It feels much like what pubs back on the Isle of Skye are like, friendly, welcoming, full of 'usuals' and lots of banter.... and the occasional dalmatian?? Drinks are well priced and there is a really wide selection. I can always get on board with a pub that has desperados. The staff are always friendly, the toilets freak me out a little, I nearly saw some bare bum cheek when someone decided not to close the door, so just be warned!   I will no doubt be back here several times in the future, for drinks, coffee, eats and general good times...... and I am stoked about that. Yass. What a great pub.
4 Perhaps due to my yelping nature, I am not someone who has a local yet here in Edinburgh. I'm always flitting between my favourite bar for margaritas, my favourite bar for burgers and so-co and then trying somewhere new when possible.  Perhaps this is why I hadn't hit up Brass Monkey until recently. It has no major element to draw me in or make it stand out. That's not to say it's not good at being a great pub. But I just mean it isn't known for doing the best burgers or best margaritas. It does all your regular drinks, I had heard about the mattress and movie nights and was intrigued, but just never had an occasion that called for it.  That is until I got a mid-week 'come along for a drink at our local' invite and could tell why it is a favourite as a local. First up, there's the local with his new dalmation puppy - Olive. She's a regular. If ever there was a reason to make a pub your local, an adorable puppy is one.  Yes, there are quite a few students here but I wouldn't say it is "studenty". There are non-student regulars too, so it's a really comfortable mix of welcoming to students but not over-run by them.  It's dark-wooded, cosy, there's nooks and crannies, windowseats, couches, long benches, a big bar, friendly bar staff, specials on rums. Many boxes ticked.  So if it ever comes to a mid-week night and I can't be found, chances are I'm in Brass Monkey, drinking the rum on special and playing with a puppy. Good times.
4 Nice wee pub in Edinburgh city center. I really enjoy sitting at the room with the beds they have on the back. It feels very cozy and cool!
4 The cinema room has too many posters of my favourite movies for me to ever write a negative review of this place. What an awesome idea! I mean, I've been to plenty of cinemas with a bar but not many bars with a cinema. Usually a screen means either sports or film clips to the song playing.   Aside from that one room though, Brass Monkey didn't ABSOLUTELY blow my mind. It's basically a student bar for seniors or the newly graduated. It's not an old man bar, it's not a sports bar, it doesn't do cocktails and it's not as sticky as your usual uni bar. It falls somewhere in-between all that, which I think is nice but doesn't make it a world-beater. It's better than A-OK. It's cool enough.
5 Brass Monkey isn't just a random bar that you pop into for a pint. Well, wait, it is. Ok I have notorious foot-in-mouth syndrome, so don't take that as a bad thing. What I mean is, yelpers and visitors shouldn't judge or review Brass Monkey on one visit alone.  If they did, they'd probably still be pretty impressed. Maybe even 4 stars worth. It's got charm. It's cosy. There's a good crowd and whether it's quiet and chilled or busy and buzzing, it's still comfortable to mooch, drink or banter in. It's got that perfect mix of students and non-student, regulars and visitors. It's got lots of beers, lots of rums in particular, cute wee food deals (soup and sandwich and a pint for £5 I think). And it has free wifi.  But the real charm and that final 5th star of Brass Monkey comes down to the staff and if you start to come here a lot more often. They're friendly, charming, bearded (just don't ask to touch their beards). They'll banter away for as many drinks as you can please. But, and most importantly, they're not cliquey. Yeah, the regulars hang at one end and it's obvious they're regulars and know the staff. But you're not made to feel awkward for bantering in equal measure and becoming part of the bar stool furniture for a few hours.  So I've let the cat out the bag and letting it be known that whilst I rarely have the routine or time to have a local, if I did, it'd be Brass Monkey. And for a local, it easily deserves 5 stars and then some.  Mmm beardy.
4 Wow it's been ages since I yelped. I woke up in the night sweating (which actually is a fairly regular occurrence as I generate enough body-heat to keep the tiny family who live under my bed toasty) and I reasoned that actually I've just been going to the same places a lot recently.  However I ended up in the brass monkey on Monday evening for a quiet few pints.  I've spent time here before, a good friend used to work there, but I've never felt that comfortable. It was also the site of my most disasterous "go for drinks actually a real date" ever. The space seemed wrong. However, they've changed it up and it really works.  They've removed a sofa, replaced it with stools and they've put a walking bit down the middle of the big sofabed thing in the back room. This will help minimise smelly cushions!  They still have a great selection of beers, and a fantastic selection of Rum and it's reasonable for Edinburgh if a bit pricey for the UK in General.  So all in all my opinion has changed. I like them now.   Well done Brass Monkey. I shall be seeing you regularly as my new office is about 100 yards away!
4 Good beer, fun live music by my friend Amie Amis. Friendly crowd. What more could you ask for?
5 I love this place. This used to always be my favourite pub in Edinburgh because it has a relaxed vibe and has beds in the back room!!! yes that's right!!! beds you can chill on while your having your drink. amazing.
5 totally awesome! you can even get a Weihenstephan Weißbier here! and play a game of chess on your table! and warch movies etc etc etc! really great!
5 A lot of good reviews here already!... And here's another!  Thumbs up to this place, they've ticked a lot of boxes!  Cinema in the back - lots of different areas to sit - good selection of drinks - friendly atmosphere - central - relaxed vibe - cheap 'drink and food' deals.  It can get pretty busy at the weekends, you have to squeeze yourself to the bar, but that's just because it's so popular!  I often visit here for the hangover cure of all hangover cures!  And I'm willing to share the secret with you guys!  The Monkey Bloody Mary!  They put all sorts in this saviour, it hard to keep track!  It's something along the lines of vodka, port, red wine, tabasco, lea and perrins, chilli, spices, pepper and thick tomato juice... A meal in itself!  One of these will see you right I can assure you.  It's pretty spicy so will probably knock any signs of a cold for six too!   Toilets are unisex (well, the hand washing area is) it's a bit confusing but usually creates a shy giggle for the first-timers!
5 This is one of my favourite bars in Edinburgh. It was also probably one of the first ever bars I went to when coming over here for weekend visits before finally moving over. The atmosphere/crowd reminds me of pubs I used to go to when I was in art college. It has a nice chilled out vibe and is totally unpretentious which I like. I like the quirkiness of the room with the bed and the movie screen, and the way people kick off their shoes to make themselves comfy on the bed.   Great atmosphere/great bar!
5 I shouldn't write this review. Not only should I not write this review, I should also go out of my way to hire the semi-terrorist hacker group ANONYMOUS to have all other reviews erased. This place is my Dream Pub, and I don't like sharing my dreams with anyone other than my overpaid psychotherapist.  There are several layers of "cool" that pervade this little piece of Heaven. The first thing that I observed when I entered was that everyone, patrons and staff alike, were smiling. It was like crashing a party on Planet Prozac. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves, and that is a rare commodity. That was "found a fiver in my old trousers" cool. Secondly, the Bar staff. Though tending an absolutely slammed bar, they went out of their way on multiple occasions to help me in my selection of draughts (which there were plenty) AND rums (which there were too many). That was "Marlon Brando in The Wild One" cool. Finally, there were the regulars - and I have to elaborate a bit on this particular point...A Bar or Pub, in my mind, is made or broken by the type of patronage it acquires. Having said that, I can only describe hanging with the regulars at Brass Monkey as being much akin to coming home to an extended family for a celebration; a family that you actually LIKE. THAT was " '68 Comeback Elvis" cool.  The music was provided by Bar staff with a masterful knowledge of Spotify, and I left with (Damn them!) a long list of new artists to acquire. The décor is Hipster, but not college freshman with a poster print of Dali  and low top Converse Hipster...More Ben Folds Five's second album Hipster. Eclectic, but not morose or elitist. I didn't eat, so I can't review the food, and why should I? Yes, they serve wonderful food, I'm sure, but your mouth should be too occupied with drinking and bantering to eat.   I love this place, and it will forever hold a special place in my heart. I met some amazing people here, and my visits to 14 Drummond Street were the highlight of my trip. I'm actually planning another trip to Edinburgh, sans sightseeing, Brass Monkey-centric. Monkey Staff, consider yourself warned!
4 Wow, I've heard a lot about the Brass Monkey from Edinburgh folks...and finally I was able to pop in and see what the fuss was all about. It certainly lived up to expectations!   I loved the arabian style seating arrangements. - I've never been in a bar like this in my life! (Warning: Prepare to get cosey with your fellow drinkers!) The old-style cinema posters were very cool, and combined with the music, (a fusion of funk and soul) set the perfect drinking atmosphere.   I was a tad weirded out by the unisex toilets but that's probably just because it's something I've never come across and I definitely wouldn't let it put me off.   At £3.50 for a large hendricks and tonic with cucumber, the Brass Monkey was a refreshing quick stop before setting back to busking on the Fringe-filled streets of Edinburgh!
3 You know those places where you almost wonder if you even went to the right place?  This is one of those places for me... I trekked here with a friend on a pseudo rainy afternoon expecting magic, and it just wasn't there.  It wasn't necessarily bad, but I just had more in mind.  Now, expectations aside it was still a bit of a shocking visit... essentially down to one of the bar staff that I'm hoping was new.  I don't want to single anyone out, but it was just one thing after another with this particular gentlemen / lady... yes, I know which one he or she was, but that's just for me to know!   The first thing was no big deal, a lady down from us at the bar asked for change for whatever reason and was told by the first bartender that they weren't allowed to give change and that she would have to buy something else... a little odd given that the lady had been drinking there and as such had made multiple purchases, but a rule is a rule I thought... until the lady asked a subsequent bartender for a bag of crisps (or some type of snack) so that she could get change to which the other bartender responded "I could just give you change if that's all you need".  Second random occurrence was I asked if I could leave my card and start a tab rather than run separate transactions and I was told that he / she would love to, but that it would be against Scottish law... I advised that I normally do this at other bars in Edinburgh, but was told that it couldn't have been possible and that there must have been some mistake... I digressed, as I learned long ago you shouldn't argue with bartenders... they are near royalty, after all.  The third strike (this is all within 15 minutes, keep in mind) was when my friend ordered an Old Fashioned... the response, "an old fashioned what?"... so we just went with two unmemorable drinks (I honestly can't recall what they were, but we didn't love them) and headed to the back.  Now I'm assuming that the stars just didn't align this particular evening, because truth be told if this experience was replicated a few more times I wouldn't even give three stars... I'm giving the benefit of the doubt since others seems to have had really good experiences here.  Yes, the place is cool in the back, but the beds in bars concept loses a little bit of the novelty for me personally since Evil Eye in York has had this for as many years as I can remember... and they can rock a killer cocktail.  I'm not in a rush to get back here, but I will definitely check it out again as I don't want to leave an unjust review based on one visit... I'm wondering if your opinion on this place can have something to do with what you expect from a cocktail bar, as I had also read elsewhere this was one of the top cocktail bars in Edinburgh, which scares me a bit! (I love a good cocktail.)  I was a bit relieved that Dragonfly, despite a location dangerously close to Grassmarket, had a great in house Old Fashioned for order... Grapefruit and Maple Syrup where in it I believe, it wasn't on the menu, but I saw it recommended here on Yelp and they were happy to make it and didn't seem surprised at all that I requested it. (It may have been on a board somewhere and just escaped my notice.)  Wait, where was I?  Sorry, getting thirsty now.  Brass Monkey for now is somewhere I can definitely see myself having a good time in, given the right mindset and expectations, but not somewhere I would go for an amazing cocktail... to be continued!
4 Just about keeled over when a pint of coke, pint of Deuchars and a pot of tea came to the paltry sum of £6. That is genuinely impressive for a city centre bar with pleasant atmosphere and comfy couches. Bloke behind the counter was very chipper and friendly too. And great music playing.  WILL BE BACK.
4 This place is supposed to have great flicks in the back room, and some live music on Saturdays (Blues, oh yeah).  I will make it, I keep telling myself I will.  My visit was with some locals.  We took up our seats by the fire, which earns them huge points. The disinterested bartender did deign to make me a whiskey manhattan, telling me they don't do cocktails, and charging 7 for it.  Bit steep, but what could I do? I ask for wifi, get the password, and in the 90min there not once did it connect.  There goes the idea of this as a regular after school hangout. But the old timers added some charm, the fire was warm, and I had whiskey.  Cheers.
4 Been coming to this pub for years and it is consistantly great. The venue itself is really interesting with a couple of rooms off to the side. One is like a wee back room of a traditional pub and good place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the main bar area. The other is really quite special with bed type seating and movies... well they used to show movies not been through in a while so I presume that this is still the case. The main bar is a classic Edinburgh pub with a few interesting twists here and there to the decor.   The toilets are a little strange with the ladies and gents being merged... not a negative as it seems to work just a little odd.   The staff are great here always helpful and friendly even when they are rushed off their feet. The booze selection is really good.   This is a great venue for a quick pint on the way to somewhere else or for grabing a larger table and setting up camp for the evening. Thumbs up from me.
4 From the outside the Brass Monkey looks small, the bar is located more or less beside the door and if you haven't been here before you may think it is full. However once you step inside, the pub it is bigger than it looks.  The drinks selection is decent and fairly priced making it a good choice to sit back and relax with a few choice brews. It is close to a few University building but isn't overly populated with students.  The toilets as mentioned by others are unisex, odd but doesn't seem to cause any issues.  The Brass Monkey is a good pub and well worth a visit.
4 Brass Monkey is definitely one of the more unique pubs in Edinburgh. First off, the couches, oh my god. They make it hard for anyone to ever want to get up and leave, especially if one's been drinking.  The drinks are also good. They're priced comparably to other pubs in the area so it's not cheap but it's not expensive either.  But really, the best part about the Brass Monkey is the movie showing every day at 3 PM. It's just such a fun way to hang out and relax with friends. I'm sure it's busier on the weekends but I've only gone during the week and every single time my friends and I got to pick the movie and it was usually just us in the room. They have a pretty large selection but some of their movies are missing. I've heard that you can also bring in your own DVD if you're pretty set on watching something they don't have in the library.  So, to summarize: 1) amazing couches, 2) decent drinks, and 3) movie day every day!
5 This was such a great pub! First off, the atmosphere was excellent, good lighting, great price for pints (£3.20-4.20), the seating was cozy and the music was at a good level. Conversation was nice because the seating was somewhat close to others on the coaches and what not, but that helped strike up conversations with other people. The bathrooms were kept tidy, unlike many pubs I've been too. The people there were overall just friendly, and outgoing. The decor was great, movie posters all over of classics. This place was a hole in the wall pub, if you are up for a good beer at a great price I would highly recommend this place!
3 Ah, the Monkey, that is the one on Drummond Street I am talking about. Always good for an evening drink, has all the standard drinks you could wish for and a nice mix of people is making it easy to enjoy yourself. Good to meet people, too.  It's not a highlight but it's certainly always a good option :)  check out their cinema events in the backroom!
5 Super pub and not too expensive bar staff are a1 mini Bloody Mary is fun . Very sociable place even if your not Scottish not like other bars
