4 We also picked a Mercat Tour, on the hunt for Ghosts & Gauls, which started on street level and ending going through the vaults.    The nice part of the tour is that we all ended up in a tavern in the vaults and a drink having a very good laugh. You needn't believe in anything that is being said it's all about having some fun and a little bit of history thrown in for extra.    I think the group was a little on the big side, controlling a group of 25/30 must distract from the overall fun of the tour. Very enjoyable and very silly.
4 Mercat Tours offer historical and fun tours of Edinburgh. I went on the Gallows and Graveyards tour that was led by an enthusiastic and creepy guide. He selects "volunteers" from the group to demonstrate the historical stories he talks about at each stop.  There were no ghostly sightings in the graveyard, but the guide did explain the grave of the alleged affair between Mary Queen of Scotts and David Rizzio and how Rizzio was murdered by the King right in front of Mary while she was pregnant... and who knows? It may have been Rizzio's child, but I have said enough!   Definitely worth checking out one of the Mercat tours!
2 Egh...the tour was ok, guess if i was feeling a bit liberal i could've given 'em 3 stars but i was expecting a bit more from a haunted tour.  I must say though, given the little we spend (and even less if we had our student cards on us) you get a 1 hour tour and get to see some cool, otherwise, inaccessible places in Edinburgh (the underground tombs).  However, i was expecting to at least be a bit scared, shocked or amused..instead it was an underwhelming tour spun with some history and run-on humor.  Tours have a lot to do with the tour guide and the tourists so overall our group was lackluster, hence, the "meh."
5 Run by Director Des Brogan and his family, this company specialise in historical tours of the city - and international tours to the Battlefields of Belgium and France. Des is the history boffins' history boffin - he has forgotten more than most of us have ever learned about the Old Town of Auld Reekie or the conflicts of WWI and WWII. His staff are highly trained and embody all that Des believes in too. The tours, both in Edinburgh and abroad, bring history to life, are historically accurate but entertain the participant at the same time. Think Horrible Histories for grown ups!  Highly recommended! No wonder the Tourist Board think likewise.
3 I came here yesterday with Robbie and his parents who are visiting from Italy. I have lived in Edinburgh for 3 years now, and this as my first time in the vaults-shame on me! The adult price is £10 for an hour ghost tour in the vaults, whilst we paid £9 being students.    Admittedly Robbie's parents don't speak English, so that took something from the experience slightly, but it seemed they had been expecting a bit more. Apparently Robbie's dad had watched a documentary on focus at least three times about the so-called "underground city" of Edinburgh, and had believed they would be seeing a real underground city. Either Mercat tours didn't take us down deep enough, or the documentary he watched was one of those highly OTT programmes which exaggerate facts. In any case, we all found this too expensive for what you see and hear, despite me having no expectations prior to the tour.  The tour started on a positive note. Our tour guide, Lauren, was very enthusiastic and a good public speaker. She told us about the 3 day torture of "the king of traitors". We then walked down a close, and got told about the body snatchers (common knowledge to permanent residents in Edinburgh, what with the Burke and Hare incidents.  Once we entered the vaults, I think Robbie's parents were bored as they couldn't follow the ghost stories and just wanted to explore, and I found it a little bit silly (sceptical of me, I know). We were told about the various friendly and not so friendly ghosts that live down there, including a cobbler who checks out people's shoes,a mental hag who stays in a corner and causes physical pain to women, pregnant women in particular, and the watchman who is supposedly the most powerful.   It was pretty short, we only saw a portion of the South bridge vaults,  the atmosphere wasn't scary due to the noise down there, and we left feeling a bit disappointed. Maybe for £4 it would be worth it...
5 Over the late May bank holiday we did the Secrets of the Royal Mile tour which is a 90 minute tour for £11.  Our guide was really great and gave good information that you wouldn't find in the guidebook.  The guide really made the history of the Royal Mile come alive  without being boring.    I enjoyed the tour and would definitely recommend it to others over the competition.
1 Ok, let us sum up what you get from the 11£ you pay for this tour: a tedious short walk in boring roads of the old town with loads of stops in which you have to listen to tacky stories with the guide shouting every now and then trying to scare you (if I lived in the old town I'd report this to the police), then you enter in the so called vaults, and what you get to see are:  1) A narrow and rotting staircase 2) Two cellar rooms with a bumpy floor 2) a corridor 3) a narrow cellar room in which you are told about a lady on a tour who heard whispers coming from the backwall.  Not much indeed. The time is filled up by the awkwardly tacky story-telling  The underground rooms are but a cellar. I am from Italy and most italian buildings have cellars which look complitely identical, with the sole exception of salami and wine which here were absent. They spend some time telling you that people used to spend time there and that they found oyster shells which might indicate that the room was a tavern of some sort, but the whole thing is rather pathetic. 3 minutes would be too much to take a look at what is there to see.  They show many stories underground in boards and posters giving the impression that you actually get to explore a complex system of underground tunnels and rooms, but then you only get to see three rooms and a corridor. Obviously we complained and the manager was hiding behind the good reviews. Oh dear, a bunch of hyped-up tourists giving 5 stars to everything they've done is hardly an excuse to rip people off in this way. £2.50 would be an adequate price, and without the time-filler, I mean the tacky storytelling. Strongly advise you not to go on ANY tour of this kind.
4 I went on several of these "ghost" and "haunted" tours in Edinburgh. Mercat Tours ranks up there as one of the best.  But keep in mind, as it goes with all of these tours, if you aren't willing to give in to this "play" of sorts, don't waste your time and money.  The entire audience needs to be "in" on the experience for it to work.   Getting back to the tour, Mercat's no frills attitude and casual pace actually strengthen the tension one feels in these vaults.  While nothing "other-worldly" occurs of course, the atmosphere is authentic, the air heavy, the people anxious, and the guide a truly entertaining caricature of the fireplace storyteller. One of my most memorable experiences in quite some time.
2 Went on the "Ghost Tour" while staying in Edinburgh over New Year's week.  Eh. I dunno. I've been on other ghost tours before in other cities. The group I was with had very high expectations of a supernatural experience and some didn't even come because they thought it would be too scary. I knew it wouldn't be like that. Most of these other tours are basically just walking history tours of the city with a ghost story thrown in. They are never scary. I wasn't expecting much in the way of a scare or an encounter with another world.  On the other hand though, they did say a lot about underground catacombs and a tour beneath the city. I was definitely in for that. I'm all about secret passages and hideouts!  The tour began with some stories about people that had been hung in the town square for toasting the king at a local pub. I guess the Scotts don't like the British crown and they decided to string up these two gentleman for the act of the toast. The speaker asked for volunteers to recreate the scenario and he flogged them with a whip. It was good fun watching one of our guys get taken to task with the whip and noose. Of course the story wasn't scary, just historical.  It was raining so the tour immediately moved underground. The underground catacombs was basically a tour of an old basement. If you've been elsewhere in Europe, you're familiar with the cobblestone basements. The tour guide said they were all linked in an extensive network running throughout the city, but were still actively used as storerooms by the businesses above and therefore we wouldn't be able to access any of them. We basically got to see 2 larger sub-basements, and 2 connecting rooms. That's it. The guide spun yarns about supposed hauntings in each room along the lines of a campfire ghost story, but none were particularly scary. It was just hanging out in a damp basement.  We were soon brought upstairs to their business's dinner room and given our complimentary drink. I'm pretty sure it was a cheaper box wine. It tasted exactly like Franzia. Over our drink the guide told one last story - a true story we had actually heard earlier on our day trip from a different tour guide. He then confessed that he'd never actually seen a ghost or felt the presence of one, but assured us other people had. At least he was honest.  Overall I was not impressed. The tour guide, Euan, was very enthusiastic and quite a good actor, but the above ground part was super short and the "catacombs" were not impressive at all. There was nothing scary at all, not even cheesy attempted scares by the guide (turning out the lights or shouting boo or whatever). The wine was cheap and the thing felt stretched out longer than they really had stories or content for. For almost USD$20 each, I thought it was a bit of a tourist trap. I wouldn't recommend it at all if you've done something like this before. If you've seen one ghost tour, you've seen them all. Nothing special here.
4 We really wanted to do a ghost tour in Edinburgh, but weren't really interested in something akin to a haunted house. I don't enjoy people jumping out at me in masks. Mercat seemed like the perfect alternative. I wanted to make sure we had time for dinner and drinks, so we opted for the 10:00pm Hidden and Haunted tour. The late hour also made sure it was good and dark, the only way to do a ghost tour.  Our tour guide Chiara was fantastic! She was part tour guide, part actress. Of course she picked me to be the prop in her story of treason and torture. Oh good. Luckily, we had plenty of drinks before our tour began, so I was a willing participant. Somehow my wife didn't think to take any pictures or video of my ordeal, but that's probably for the best.  The tour was informative, fun, and spooky. The stories and jokes were all very fun. I was a little disappointed that the scary stories weren't tied more to the historical figures in Edinburgh, but it was still good. It was a perfect way to end our first day there.
