5 Another of my all time favourites in Edinburgh. Charming and intimate space with great food and service - always welcoming and attentive without being overbearing, and in a beautiful Edinburgh tenement side street - and completely avoiding any pretnesion. I chose to have a recent and significant birthday celebration there. The evening menu is not overwhelmingly large which gives confidence that the food being cooked will be very fresh. They do a great lunch deal - evening prices are more what you would expect in this area. The lunchtime takeaway sandwich counter is brilliant as rolls are made up on the spot exactly as you want and always great to find a place offering fillings a bit different from the norm - and great value for money  ps try the Semifreddo (?) dessert - vanilla ice cream, espresso and amaretto or alchohol of choice!
5 Amazing sandwiches for take away lunch; lovely lunchtime pasta dishes; create rustic evening dishes. An absolute winner and Lunch Quest favourite.
5 From the when you enter the door, to the moment you sit back and sigh after a happy, hearty meal, Cafe Domenico makes you feel like you've been embraced in the welcoming hug of a true Italian family.  Cafe Domenico is one of the most charming, delicious spots in Edinburgh and Leith, with fresh, exquisite ingredients, real Italian cooking, and genuine, kindly and fun service. If I could, I would visit Cafe Domenico for breakfast, lunch and dinner every single week.   Particular favourites are their lunchtime sandwiches, wraps and pastas - these cause a queue around the corner they are so scrumptious! For dinner, the intimate surroundings are perfect for a romantic date, or a family get together. Their antipasti platters are some of the most impressive I've seen in Edinburgh, and they are always happy to adapt meals off their menu or specials to suit your every whim!
5 Good service and even better food!  I went in late on a weekday lunchtime for a sandwich so they were pretty much shutting up. The staff were friendly though and happy to have a look about to see what they had left.   I went for a 'mexican' sandwich off the specials board. Freshly cooked (I assume) breadcrumbed chicken, salsa, guacamole, rocket, jalapeños, and no doubt some other things I can't remember. All the ingredients were great, from the bread to the rocket and especially the chicken. The combination worked really well too, it's good to get something that has had a bit of thought put into the flavours rather than just chucked together.  All in all a great visit, and cheap too for what I got. I'll certainly be returning a bit earlier next time and maybe sometime to try the restaurant/cafe for a sit in meal.
5 wednesday night found me merrily skipping my way from the bus stop to the warm lights of this restaurant that i have been desperate to try for ages!!  i was so excited, as the only reviews i'd ever heard about cafe domenicos could be summed up with the word AMAZING.  opening the door i was first greeted by one of my lovely night out companions sitting down followed by the handsome waiter asking if i would like my coat hung up.  so with a good looking man providing the service, the evening was already off to a great start!  our third companion for the night came along shortly after and we deliberated over the menus.  the first thing i noticed about the menu was how concise it was.  about 6 starters, 6 pasta dishes, and 4-5 main courses and a handful of specials.  even with limited options though i still found it rather difficult to make my choice!  after a bit of debate and discussion with the waiter we ordered the fig and blue cheese bruschetta, a tomato, mozarella, and pesto bruschetta, spicy sausage and red pepper pasta (extra chilli and garlic), auberigne and tomato pasta, and pesto, spinach, and broccoli pasta.  just a note, they offer a deal monday thru wednesday for a pasta dish and a glass of wine for £7.50.  they kindly subsituted my glass of wine for a diet coke as i wasn't drinking that night.   The bruschettas took a bit of time to arrive as the waiter made them all fresh, but they were definitely worth the wait.  each toasted piece of fresh bread was topped high with tasty ingredients accompanied by a sizeable portion of rocket and tomato salad dressed with olive oil.  both bruschettas were very good but i have to say the figs with blue cheese was just delicious!  the combination of the sweet fig with the salty slightly pungent blue cheese and the crispy bread was like bruschetta heaven in my mouth....  pastas arrived in an appropriate time after our starters had been cleared and for £7.50 (including the drink) these were very good portions!!  my plate held a very pleasing meal of spinach and broccoli with penne pasta mixed through with fresh pesto and just a hint of cream to bring it all together.  topped with parmesan, i very happily ate the lot because it was so tasty and comforting.  my fellow companions also found their dishes very tasty and we were even paid a visit by the chef to see how our dinners were.  as we had a movie to go to and decided to get some cinema treats, we didn't get dessert although there were a few tasty options on the menu.  the waiter kindly brought the cheque and was happy to accept three forms of payment as well.    i was very impressed with cafe domenico and felt that it completely lived up to expectations and i'm looking forward to going back already!  the excellent customer service and their willingness to tailor dishes or make them up specific to a diner's need was a really nice touch.  not too mention how delicious and fresh the food is and the excellent value for money, seriously can this place do anything wrong?  perhaps as i'm desperate to get lunch there as both my friends raved about the quality of the sandwiches, but working many miles away from leith will not allow such luxuries.  maybe they could set up a delivery service???
4 Great little haven.  Family business run on lots of heart. Lovely food. Exceptionally reasonable prices. A must-try !
5 Utterly delicious!  It's small, busy, tables all squidged together,  with a real Italian family restaurant feel and the food is superb! I'd happily eat here every day. Yummy!
4 As I have mentioned before, I am an insufferable boring snob when it comes to Italian food outside of Italy. I'm so horrible that I don't even want to listen to myself go on about it, which is why I rarely bother to try Italian restaurants in the UK at all. But when other people suggest a friendly meet-up at one, I try not to be a jerk about it, so I just show up with a smile. Which explains how I ended up at Domenico one evening. Lucky for me, because it was an utterly charming experience. The service was personable, welcoming, and accommodating. The food was, well, pretty good. Pasta cooked correctly. Good house wine at a reasonable price. Decent grappa.   I would go again. This is high praise, I assure you.
4 Visually, the restaurant is pretty unassuming. Inside it has the classic decor of a local Italian dive with checkered tablecloths.  From the start the waiter was talkative and friendly, offering us dishes not on the menu. When he mistakenly described the special as also coming with king prawns he promised that he could have it made that way especially for us. The chef also stopped by the table a couple of times to joke with us and ask how the meal was going.  I was tempted by the pasta + wine special for £7.90, but I couldn't resist the Seafood Stew based on Blythe's recommendation. The stew was overflowing with fresh mussels and fish for £15. I'm not a big fan of salmon, so I was pleased that the stew had a rich variety of flavors, including a nicely smoked whitefish. The broth was tasty, but when I went to sop it up with the accompanying bread I was disappointed. The bread fell apart in my hands and had a wholegrain taste that didn't match the rest of the food.  For dessert I tried the Tiramisu and Banoffee pie. Both were fine, but nothing exciting.
4 Well as #Cocktailquest strives to find the best in mixology the city has to offer Robyn wisely suggested we get some dinner first to ensure we were all 100% ready for the challenge that lay ahead.  Having lived and worked in Leith in the past Domenicos is close to my heart, from their daily lunchtime specialis to the focaccia sandwiches they have always been at hand with a taste of Italy.   So as to last night, 8 hungry Yelpers deceneded looking for a comforting meal on a cold night. From the minute you walk in the door Tony greets you like a long lost friend. His hospitality is second to none. I was running erm rather late for dinner so instructed Caz to order on my behalf. Having been given 3 options I went for the seafood stew....it was a good choice.  As a starter we were given a selection of anti-pasti - cheese...meats....ccheeeeese, roasted veg.....lovely.  To my fish stew - mussels, salmon, squid, haddock...smoked haddock all in a lovely broth. With bread on the side for mopping this was a very enjoyable dish. The mussels and the smoked fish were particularly tasty.   For desert I initially ordered the tiramisu - as it seemed I was getting the last one I agreed to share with Scott so we both got half tiramisu/ half banoffee pie. Nice enough and washed down with a lemoncello even better :)
4 How delighted was I to rock up here to meet some Yelpers before a Cocktail Quest, to discover it wasn't just a 'café' as the name implies, but a lovely family-run Italian restaurant (or at least, that's how it felt). Not a 'genuine' Italian restaurant that's mainstream; but a real hidden gem, tucked up a side street that only the locals know about.  And run by two very noteable Italian gentleman, who made it feel like I've stepped off of the streets of Leith and into a restaurant right in the middle of Rome.  I didn't have any food, only a glass of wine. But I intend to come back very soon for dinner, as all the Yelpers said the food wad deeeelicious (and judging by a near full order for desserts after mains, and clean plates, it was!)  Bellisima!
5 Good menu choice for a small restaurant. Nice quaint atmosphere and good pasta. Had the daily special of rigatoni, very nice.
