3 Another chinese restaurant in Corstorphine, really?  I cam't actually believe that between the townspeople, all of Corstorphine's Chinese reataurants are frequented enough to keep them going, but apparantly they are, so here comes yet another Chinese restaurant review!    This one is cheaper than pther Chinese restaursnts nearby and provides a variety of set menus as well as the usual menu.  I can particularly recommend the lemon tea as a pre, mid, or post dinner beverage, as it livens the palette and is sure to rouse you after stuffing your belly!  Something Peach Garden supplies that the other restaurants don't is 'Happy Hour', from 5pm till 7pm Sunday to Friday, where 2 courses are £9.50 and 3 courses come in at £11.50!  If not much else, it's certainly value for money.
3 I love my chinese food - so I always jump at the chance to go and review a chinese restaurant. We chose this place because of its excellent happy hour deal; something which seems to be amiss throughout the area's chinese restaurants. However, even without the happy hour deals, I would venture this place is a pretty low budget night out as it is. This is reflected in the quality and taste of the food - its not the best I have ever had, and one of my dining companions questioned what type of meat was in his dish more than once. However, as I mentioned, this place is cheap, and you get what you pay for - something not to great, but filling and cheap.
3 I am inclined to agree with the previous reviewers. This place isn't bad by any means, but it also lacks anything to make it stand out from the crowd of similar restaurants dotting the area.   From the outside, it does not seem particularly appealing.  It is painted a dull green and generally struck me as on the verge of merging into the background, never to be seen again. Luckily, the interior seems a lot more brighter. It manages to have a slight degree of elegance while keeping very simple, although I can imagine that others would find it bland compared to the vibrancy of other Chinese restaurants.  The prices aren't that great either.  While the takeaway seems fairly standard, the sit in menu seems a tad bit too pricey.  This is rectified by the Happy Hour deal as mentioned previously.  2 courses for £9.50 isn't bad at all.  However, this deal only applies to a set menu of dishes marking the foundation of Chinese cuisine such as Lemon Chicken and Chow Mein. I can imagine that to the more experienced Chinese diner, these options would seem rather constricting.   The service was good, and I did not feel like I had been waiting too long for my meal. If you happen to be in the area and can't be bothered venturing elsewhere, then this is by no means a bad option. However, I wouldn't go to any particular effort to dine here, especially if you are somewhat of a Chinese cuisine enthusiast.
