4 The perfect old man pub if ever I've seen one. Great bar. Cheap drinks. A map of Britain on every table for all your entertainment needs. Proper British grub and huge portions. Top marks! Well- almost. Your bar games are all missing parts! It's torturous to get half way through a game guess who and then have to quit due to faulty pieces and a missing 'Bob' card...sort it out!
3 Bennet's Bar masquerades as an old man's pub in the heart of Tollcross, although if truth be told you're more likely to come across students and theatre goers having a drink in here. It has lovely stained glass windows on its façade making it hard to peer in or see outside, I rather like this feature (it somehow implies that serious drinking should be done in private, like it was in the olden days). The drinks are reasonably cheap and the wee tables have maps underneath the glass tops, so you can while away the hours hunting down where your flat is/was/is going to be. Marvellous.
4 A standard pub in the Tollcross area- with an old-man pub feel, although as Emma C. said I have seen mostly students and movie-goers here rather than grumpy old men.  Putting this detail aside, it serves reasonably priced drinks and because of the stained glass windows you sort of forget you are in Edinburgh and you can't see the horrible weather which is a plus in the winter. Great for a pint with mates at a low-key place.
3 I already have a vacancy for the 'Old man's' haunt filled by Cloisters, a bar just around the corner from Bennets.  Indeed, its stained glass windows, shiny brass fittings and all round quaint image is a crowd pleaser. However, I can't help comparing it to Cloisters. There, they seem to have a larger rotation of local ales. There, the atmosphere is a bit lighter and less dingy.  All minor niggles of course but enough to persuade me to choose Cloisters over Bennets.
4 This is a good old proper pub in my eyes, but a really attractive, intricately detailed pub, which is my favourite kind of public house. How shallow of me...does drinking in a good looking environment really make any difference to the enjoyment of your drink? Well, whatever, it's nice here, and it's not the kind of bordering on scary atmosphere you get in some pubs, when you walk in and all the regulars look at you like you've just pushed over a granny in the street/told a small child santa doesn't exist. There's a good mix of people plus banter here, including imbibers coming pre or post theatre, and film watchers going to the Cameo, plus regulars and other random assortments of individuals. The stained glass windows and tables with map decoration, plus the awesome looking bar, are the highlights of Bennets for me.
5 Having until recently lived in Glasgow for years, where a bar of the same name caters to what is a very niche, Madonna loving, chihuahua petting demographic, I expected to be greeted by "It's Raining Aids" upon arrival at Bennet's in Edinburgh.   I should have left my leather trousers at home however, as the East Coast Bennet's shares little in common with it's namesake down the motorway. Despite looking quite grubby and uninviting, it's a very safe old man-style pub that due to it's central location, brings in a wider variety of punters than you'd expect on first glance. This usually includes a group of bitchy Glaswegian interior designers, in the huff that they're not being invited into an 8 man bum chain.   Lively, atmospheric, and without an anal fisting in sight, it ticks pretty much every box you could ask for.
3 A traditional pub that some people rave on and on about, Bennets Bar seemed quite average to me.  I've never had a bad experience here, just of neutral. The staff are actually quite nice, the place is often quiet, the drink is fine. However one thing does actually STICK out, that is their STICKY toffee pudding. No idea why I decided to try it, maybe its because I was in no way expecting them to serve it, but it was really pretty good!   I'd rather pop round to the Illicit Still or Cloisters but all the same this place isn't bad.
4 Bennets is a great wee place. They do good solid food with a wee secondary restaurany/bar bit out the back that you can rent out. Be careful though because even if you do book it they'll likely forget about your booking and some rather shocked diners will have to sit through your Edinburgh wide sports committee meeting/punch and judy fan club meeting/whatever you booked the room for.  The beers are a tad on the expensive side but very nice. Decor is awesome in the main bar. Some great maps on the table and other bits and pieces that really make it "pop".  So I recommend this place for a beer on an evening although they do commit the sin of having a big ass TV that's on all the time. This is a sin in my book that would be punishable by a hefty veto if they didn't have maps on the tables.  I like maps.
4 Definately one of my favourite places for a quiet beer. I had not eaten here until recently and this is what prompted my review. The food was great we just grabbed some starters but for pub fare it was excellent. I had the haggis fritters which turned out to be something a bit special .... well for me anyway. They reminded me of a haggis pakora but had what appeared to be a peppercorn sauce over the top. Might sound odd but on a cold day with a pint it was ideal. My friend choose the soup and had enjoyed it very much.   The beer selction is always good and they carry a fine array of whiskeys, gins and rums. I havent been through to the newly renovated section to eat, but I did wander through to get to their outside seating on a sunny day and the place looked very nice.The staff here are always friendly and professional. Nuf said thumbs up from me! :D
4 I've always liked Bennets and the way it harks back to an older age, a time when there were clear divisions between the public bar and the lounge bar. Bennets also has a wee snug by the front door: for a small pub it has a number of surprises to catch out the newcomer.  The public bar deserves to have sawdust on the floor. It's all hard wood and leaning on the bar, with a wide range of beers and spirits proudly shown off. The opposite wall is lined with big mirrors, at the base of which are shallow booths and round tables. The tables are topped with maps of Scotland, which I'm sure have inspired countless stories and conversations over the years.  Back in the lounge bar, which has its own entrance off a side street, floorboards give way to carpet, comfortable seats and a more than adequate menu. The ceiling is lower, the atmosphere calmer.  Both bits of the pub are great places to catch up, relax after a trip to the Cameo cinema or the King's Theatre, or just head along for a quiet pint in genial company.
4 I have reviewed a fair number of traditional style pubs, which is what Bennets Bar is. Simply put this means lots of wood, mirrors, good beer and a great selection of whiskey. Bennets Bar serves real ale (regulars and guests), other decent draught options and has a good spirit selection. The staff are professional and friendly, though at busier times it can very occasionally be a challenge to get served. Finally the food is good, with decent sized portions for a fair price.  Given Bennets' proximity to the Cameo or the King's Theatre it also attracts a varied crowd, so while it may seem from the decor and the style of the building to be an old mans pub it really isn't, there is plenty of room for those in suits or the theatre darlings...  One small aside, in my otherwise positive review; while a lot of the pubs I have reviewed of a similar ilk to Bennets Bar serve a 35ml measure Bennets uses 25ml, this is worthwhile knowing simply because of the ongoing promotion for whiskey tasting boards, when looking at the cost of the dram you may not be comparing like with like.  Overall though, Bennets Bar is a great pub doing what all great pubs should; serving tasty drinks and good food.
2 Went in last night for the first time and 1 pint turned into 5 (not very clever on a 'school night'). Friendly Staff and a decent pint of Caley 80', although 'ales' were in limited supply generally.  A leaning to artisan lagers on the guest pumps which may point to the fact it is (as others have said) actually a student hang out masqerading as an old mans pub. Original fixtures and fittings (B Listed from 1906) are wonderful but....and the 'but' has been coming...it isnt really an excuse for the whole place having a 'grubby' look and feel to it.  You can be quaint and historic and also be clean (Diggers Bar/Athletic Arms being a prime example of a 'spotless' local). This place needs a serious deep clean, including the toilets which were pretty shocking.  That done, it would be a true gem.
4 The main reason for writing this short comment on Bennets Bar was that they have something on the menu that I missed ever since I left Tucson, Arizona, where it was one of my most favourite items at my most favourite bar (The Red Garter on Speedway): The Jalapeño Popper!!!    I understand that the local tribespeople here in Pictland like everything deep fried, so they must find this nugget most appealing.  A Jalapeño Popper is not, as some might suspect, something that comes in handy during certain activities that may unfold  between two consenting male adults.  It is a Jalapeño pepper filled with cream cheese, breaded, and deep fried.  But they didn't call it Jalapeño Popper at Bennets Bar, naming it Cream Cheese Spicy Bites instead, probably to free themselves from those kinds of connotations.  But hey, what a bore of a name!  A "Boo!!" to political correctness.  They have a fairly diverse selection of beers, but many of them are a bit too warm for my taste.  Granted, I am biased as I am just an uneducated European, albeit hailing from Teutonia.  Regardless, warmish beer simply doesn't do it for me.  But they offer three colder beers on tap, actually quite nice ones (sorry, forgot their names).  One of the somewhat disturbing features of Bennets Bar is the often present smell of piss that lingers around in the air.  Sometimes fainter, but kind of always in the background.  But do give the Jalapeño Poppers a try, get one of the COLD BEERS to go along with them. In light of the urinal smell that sometimes haunts this place, deep fried food seems like a good idea anyways.
4 Grorgeous traditional bar with beautiful period detail. Secret snug by the door - blink and you'll miss it and hoping one day to lock myself away in it for a few hours.  It's listed and apparently they close for around 1-2 days every year to maintain the fixtures and fittings. Spent around five hours in here before Christmas quite happily. Good mixed crowd in of all ages and we managed to get a seat and settle in for the night. Drinks are probably normal prices for Edinburgh - think I was about £4 for G&T and they don't horrendously over charge for crisps and nuts when the munchies kick in.  I don't come here often due to its location but if I'm in the Tollcross area then I'm happy to pop in an while away a few hours.
