5 A fantastic addition to Edinburgh bar and club scene. The Voodoo rooms tries to do something a little different by also adding a restaurant into the equation. If only it didn't close at 1am you could probably have your entire night out in the one place.    Situated above the Cafe Royal the very well stocked bar makes great use of its period features with black walls and gold cornices and a DJ in the corner plays tunes that add to ambience without forcing you to raise your voice to have a conversation.    The huge selection of spirits indicates that mixed drinks are a speciality here and I've never been dissapointed yet.  It make a pleasant change to be able to order a spirit without having it poured into an inappropriately sized glass and drowned in whatever mixer is chosen.    Whilst entry to the bar is free of charge the DJs and live acts perform in the ballroom for an additional fee. The room boasts a good souns system and a decent sized dancefloor. Get in early if you want to bag a table though!
2 Great bar and cocktails, but very poor service in the restaurant (The Devil's Kitchen). One meal, a steak, was even served cold! Unattentive staff too. Pity, as it's a gorgeous setting. Haven't been in the club part yet.
4 Having enjoyed a number of drinking nights here since it was made over the opportunity arose at the weekend to check out the re-vamped food menu.    Arriving around 13:00 I was pretty surprised to find that my companion and I were the only customers. Possibly people only see it as a good place for a night out (which it is) but given the attentive service, interesting choice of background music (jazz, soul, funk and the theme from The Good, The Bad & The Ugly) I'd suggest thaat those who already like it in the late hours should arrive earlier to fully appreciate all it has to offer.    The food itself was good. Whilst the 2 for 1 offer on the Full Scottish Breakfast couldn't be taken advantage of due to a wish to keep it light I would expect it's worth a return visit. The chicken, avocado and brie ciabatta was pronounced a success and a dangerous inhibitor of movement whilst my piri-piri tiger prawns were well presented and suitably spicy.    Stopped in here on April 1st as fancied comparing their bottle of booze at your table efforts. We were initially quoted £84 for a bottle of 42 Below vodka but that reduced to £75 when it turned out they'd no Belvedere available which seems to be the standard on offer. Mixers were by the carafe from the gun (or the can when we changed to Irn Bru later on) and unlimited as you'd expect. Given the amount of work the staff are saved by you doing all your own pouring and mixing the price is rather steep at £10 more than Monteith's but otherwise there's little to choose between the two.
4 Voodoo Rooms sounds like it's going to be dark and mysterious, and it is in a way. The decor is impressive and really sets the tone of the bar.  I have attended a couple of events here, organised by students for charity. Both were enjoyable and made good use of the venue, which shows the versatility of the bar. There was food available which was actually pretty good considering it was pub food. The only down side is the drinks are rather expensive so if you are here for the night it's going to be an expensive one. I attended a gig here and it was very small and intimate, the style of the bar really added an extra dimension to the atmosphere too.  Voodoo Rooms does cool and stylish in a non pretentious way which is a welcome change from the trendy bars on nearby George Street.
3 People are always harping on about the Voodoo Rooms and, truth be told, it's a rather stylish place to have a tipple. The main bar is ornately decorated, but unfortunately usually full of people pretending they're in Sex and The City (this is not my scene, but I know that a lot of people get off on this, so by all means, head on down - Carrie and the gang will be along in 5). The other room, I shall refer to it as the function room (this makes it sound a bit like a miner's social club circa 1976), is almost gothic in its décor, i.e. black and moody with chandeliers. I've attended a few uni  do's here and it is an ideal space for those sorts of shindigs; there are tables around the edge of the room, a good sized dance floor in the middle and a stage at one end. To sum up, I wouldn't come here for drinks, but I will put it on my list of possible wedding reception venues.
3 Voodoo Rooms, a very cool name for a quite swish bar.   I came here for the Son of Dave gig last year and I was impressed. Set on a rather dingy side street in New Town you walk up some stairs and enter the rather fancy bar. The bartenders know their art, and despite the slightly pricey drinks (you are in New Town now) it's good quality drinks. The comfy booths make it great for company and privacy as well.  On with the music venue. We walked in and there's a massive disco ball in the middle (tick) and fairy lights all over the walls (double tick). However, this was a dumb venue for this gig. The stage (if you can call it that) is literally a step up from the floor. Son of Dave beatboxes and messes about the stage a lot, meaning only the three front rows of standing people can see what's going on. If you are in the back good luck with that. Also, the musicians have to walk through the crowd to get to the stage. Double awkward if they are trying to squeeze through a packed room.  The thing that did make a difference though compared to other gigs , is that at the end there were no harsh lights switched on and angry security guards yelling at us to get out. It was a lot more civilised, and we weren't rushed out of the room for the next event to start.   I will be coming back here in the near future (hopefully) and maybe my impression of it as a music venue changes. In the mean time, check out the bar, it's a great place to start your night in New Town.
4 I absolutely love the ornate detail and decor and vintage looking chic going on at Voodoo Rooms. The ceiling is certainly something to behold from underneath cocktail infused eyes, with its regal gold and black trim. This place is going for a look of opulence and cocktail class mixed up with a bit of edge, and I like it.  There are four main sections of Voodoo Rooms, the long, sleek main bar with its padded booth seating, and an awesome vintage looking restaurant section. There's also the Speakeasy and the Ballroom Bar, which can both be hired for private functions, and are a really brilliant call for such extravaganzas. I've been to a few private parties in the Speakeasy, and it really works, as it's not too big, but you've got enough room to fit a decent amount of people in it. The food is decent, the cocktail menu is even better, and the people that come here generally look brilliant, so it's a bit of a visual style treat I usually find, and I love a bit of fashion peeping. This is somewhere a bit different to come in the New Town, and as well as having live bands in and cabaret performances, it also hosts the well established and loved Vegas nights, which you have to hit up if you're in town for a while.
5 The Voodoo Rooms look like they should be in 1930s New York.  We're talking sleek, black leather booths, ornate decor, separate rooms partitioned off by moss green velvet curtains, bay windows and a massive bar. They have so much booze it should be illegal. Absinthe is on the menu, and their rum selection looks like it's been sold to them by pirates.  Very, very fancy, I can see why this is the venue of choice for Burlesque nights. It is however relaxed during the day, and you can roll in looking like shit since no one bats an eyelid. But the occasion would call for a fancy cocktail dress and a boyfriend with slicked back hair and a waistcoat on. It's simply delightful.
4 Between Liverpool and Edinburgh, it's nigh on impossible for any other city to compete in the Beautiful Bar pageants. There you guys are, with your Grade II listed high-ceilinged ornately decorated cavernous spaces of beauty, proudly tottering onto the stage draped in their sashes chirping away about world peace and their favourite ice cream flavours. Well, if you're going to go strutting around to be judged, I'm here to judge you, pretties. And I've got to look beyond the good-looking surface to see if you really are beauty queens of substance.  Voodoo Rooms. Sexy name for sure, good start. Lots of black leather, big windows, swishy curtains, it's got a sleek sensual vibe but just the right amount of quirk to save it from any pretentiousness. Me likey. It's very comfortable and the staff, as well as the clientele, are friendly. In fact the customers here are a very mixed group, so no one's likely to feel out of place,and everyone we encountered there was very pleasant, from the kind souls who let us share their tables, to those we were kind souls to when we had one to ourselves and gave up a few seats. Hmm. It's interesting how honest complete strangers will be to you if you've all shared a few drinks. Procreation, I have to say, that's a new one - never been advised to do that over a few vodkas at a bar.  So far so good! Nice tunes, great vibe, shiny happy people holding hands, even the trips to the loos were excellent as for once going through a long narrow bar on a Saturday night didn't feel like running a gauntlet of lechery. Plus the ladies' room itself was actually very well-kept. Always a plus. So where's that fifth star? Well, the cocktails are extremely interesting, and they might be a bit *too* interesting for some. Myself and Chris are two people at opposite ends of the cocktail spectrum. I go for the sharp, tangy tongue-stripper types as you probably know by now. He's more a sweet soul. We spotted what looked like the perfect cocktails for ourselves (mine was from the 'gentleman's favourites' section of the menu, what does that tell you) and while I was quite chuffed with my rum concoction, I have to say the promise of chocolate in his wasn't quite what he expected.  "I told you," I kept repeating. "Prosecco. PROSECCO. There was no way it was going to resemble a milkshake."  Nope, it was an eclectic mix incorporating muddled grapes, fizz and a stick of criminally dark chocolate. Not for the... I won't say faint of heart, the sweet of tooth perchance? Still, this is our fault more than Voodoo's, but the drinks menu is a little complex and requires a good half-hour study. I personally love doing that, but it might not be to the taste of all punters.  All-round awesomeness anyway. That Voodoo's cast a spell on me!
4 Well this is really my sort of place. Lavish, lush interiors, the bar a-plenty with different spirits, a tasty bar-food menu, and did I mention the lavish lush interiors?  I came here with the delightful Chris M, Kay L, Catriona C and her man for the Oxfam Charity Quiz. We were situated in the Ballroom, which is pretty small for a ballroom but suited the event well. The main bar is just so impressive. I mean, really, stunning decoration and interior. I can see myself coming here a lot just to bask in it.  Leaving out the quiz itself, I had a very lovely experience here. The chips I ordered were just that little bit different - seasoned with rosemary. Chips are chips I hear you say, but chips ordered in a pub can be soggy, over burnt, fries or chunky. These were just right, the rosemary worked a treat (I ate them all oops).  I think I'll need to come back here for a longer night, involving more of the spirits behind the bar, and perhaps the bar food itself. It definitely wow'd me though. I mean, wow.
4 The voodoo who-do like you don't dare to people.  I dunno, I might have the words wrong there, but I always think it when I think of Voodoo Rooms. Fortunately the tune is harder to get stuck in your head. But I definitely like VR. The furnishings are classy and the bartenders are smooth in their delivery of your cocktail of choice. I've always visited at awkward times - like after a Fringe matinee (as they hosted a venue last year), or part of a lazy afternoon drinking session, so I have never had the experience of a crowded bar. It feels like my kinda place.   As with the Fringe venue, it seems that VR hosts a variety of events - including a disastrous quiz that accompanied my last visit (thank goodness it was for charity as no one else benefited from that mess!). It also provides the opportunity to check out some Burlesque in this city - absolutely - just show me the way and shame on me for not already attending!
4 Now that I've revisited I can say its a firm 4 stars from me. As I said in my previous review, it has such a luxurious and decadent twist to the interior and decoration (that is well-maintained, something too often over looked) I was already taken bit.  I stopped in on a Friday evening around 8.30pm waiting to meeting a larger group of people. We managed to get a table and order some food and cocktails.  Downside - they don't have southern comfort. What the what?! In a panic I quickly looked at the cocktail menu, but it would take a good five minutes to decipher it. I like fun, quirky things like this but there was no quick and easy way to read the cocktail menu. So I asked 'do you do caipirihas" having spotted cacacha on the menu. "Yep we certainly do!" Grand. And what a lovely caipirinha it was. Not too sugary, quite a lot of lime - maybe just a little too much ice.  The boys burger looked fairly good. The bun was a 'standard burger' bun and the burger didn't look *really* handmade. I commented we had had better elsewhere but it was certainly still tasty and all of it was devoured.  After eating, we drifted back through to the bar. It's quite a small space, unfortunately, as its got a great vibe, lots of cocktails, really friendly staff, and pretty ace music. If you aren't lucky enough to snag a booth or table you end up standing at the bar and inevitably getting in people's way.  All this being said, I really like how different the Voodoo Rooms are, how friendly the staff are, and the tunes. I'll definitely be back, and soon.
4 I've always liked the Voodoo Rooms and have never failed to have a good time here. The steep climb up to the venue, luxuriant atmosphere and fine staff are all guaranteed. It works really well for a wide variety of events: DJ sets, live music and (most recently) race nights. You might not spot all the little rooms and passages, so be sure to explore when you get there.
5 I've been meaning to put a  review up for Voodoo Rooms for a wee while now.  To be honest this has been a favourite haunt of mine since it pretty much opened a few years back.  My mum remembers it as an old dance hall when she used to go out out at the Café Royal (another favourite of mine) when she was younger.  I would say most nights are good. If you fancy a relaxed drink a Sunday late afternoon is always good - and most nights are pretty busy. Friday nights are always good after work and into the evening!  They have lots of events on and they have the main room upstairs and the 'Speakeasy' half way down the stairs, which is a nice area. Both can be hired out for parties etc.  It's a lovely designed bar. A friend of mine actually helped put the fancy stickers up all over the place when it first opened. It has a great selection of drinks and weekly cocktail specials which are always worth a try.  The only thing that does put me off is that the staff can be pretty slow at times, especially if they have a large cocktail order on the go. It can also get really busy too, so it can be difficult to get a seat - but worth it if you can get in early on - as you get table service.  I'd also highly recommend their antipasti selection - the nicest selection I've had in a bar - and a lovely start to the night with a glass of prosecco!  If you haven't been. Go! :)    --
5 Was there early eve on a Thursday.  Chic crowd, friendly bartenders, slick ambiance.  Kept an eye over my shoulder half expecting someone stylized straight out of Interview with a Vampire to appear out of thin air. It's a lovely place and tucked away discreetly, so it would be a rare occurrence for sweaty (or freezing, depending on season) royal mile tourists to stumble in accidentally.
5 Fantastyczne miejsce na imprezę, szczególnie, jeśli są to swingi lub jakieś inne dansy z epoki. Zabrali mnie tu znajomi i szczerze powiem, że w pierwszej chwili obawiałam się, że to będzie pomyłka, że trafiłam na jakiś clubbing w posh miejscu i nie liczyłam na dobrą zabawę. Jakże się myliłam:) Przepiękne miejsce z niesamowitym klimatem, świetnymi koktajlami i profesjonalnym stuffem. Odrestaurowany pałacowy wygląd sprawił, że przez chwile miałam wrażenie, że przeniosłam się do lat 20-tych. Nie wiem, kiedy znowu zawitam w Edynburgu, ale jeśli się pojawię, to na pewno będę chciała znowu tam zaimprezować.
4 I just loved Voodoo Rooms last night, and thanks to Yelp I was reminded that in fact they really do *THE* best cocktails in Edinburgh!    I haven't been back to the Voodoo rooms after a less than impressive visit a few years ago ... however, last night completely restored my faith in VR as a strong contender for the coolest cocktail hangout in Edi!    My taste-buds were ticklingly (it IS a word!) tantalised, and if I didn't need my liver I could have sipped on their creative alcoholic delights for the rest of my life ...   A great buzz about the place for a Thursday night, really nice crowd and good tunes ...it's all about the tunes people!  I simply love the decor, which I know is not for everyone - it makes me feel as though I've stumbled into some crazy Versace painting (on acid) *  I'm looking forward to visiting Voodoo Rooms for their Vegas themed night - I love nothing more than an opportunity to get all dolled up, bring on the feather boas, dancing (on tables) & cocktails... hell yeah!   *NB - for the record, I have not tried or will ever try acid.  :-D
4 I have never been to voodoo rooms before, the location is a bit off but it is worth it! Service was good, cocktails amazing, and the design was super nice. And yes, the sofa is as sexy as it looks in the picture!   I will be going there again!
4 I was here for the Yelp Elite event but I did stay for more drinks and chats with fellow Yelpers. I wasn't sure what to expect but I loved the bar area. I loved the decor which is luxurious and I (this might be a bit weird) liked that they had plants! It seems to evoke calm, despite the increasing drunkeness due to tequila consumption. I had started with tequila (well kind of, but the glass of wine first in Cafe Royal isn't counted) and stayed on the fab El Diablo cocktails but it appeared they had a good range of wines and spirits. Two El Diablo cocktails and a pint was around £14 - decent price for Glasgow or Edinburgh, especially when cocktails are involved and I definitely intend to return :-)
5 I can see this place becoming one of my new favourites when I'm up in Edinburgh.   I stumbled across it completely by accident when out with friends & we were all glad I did.   The decor is absolutely mindblowingly flamboyant, rivalled only in my experience by the excellent Lammar's bar in Manchester.   It all adds up to a fun atmosphere whilst you enjoy food prepared to a very high standard.
4 The Voodoo Rooms has ambience in spades, part venue and part cocktail bar this place is something a little different and a bit special...  The bar plays host to many events in it's two halls (main and speakeasy) these range from live music to comedy and cabaret. Having taken in a few shows here, the lighting and sound are well done supporting the acts that play here very well.  In terms of a cocktail/spirit bar they have an excellent selection, though I wouldn't go here to drink beer, here things are entirely generic... Do go here though if you feel like trying a different rum, gin, vodka or whisky or if you are simply in the mood for a cocktail.  I haven't tried the food here, so won't comment to much, though I will say I have looked enviously at some of the tables which have, if nothing else the food looks good.  So, while the Voodoo is opulent it never feels ostentatious, instead it is a lively fun-filled place to spend a few hours, take in a show and sample some nice spirits.
5 Great drinks menu, and NYC lounge style bar. Just a bit out of the way from other good bars.
2 The Voodoo Rooms shouldn't be a two star establishment, but is gets two stars for the experience as a whole.  Years ago when it first opened, I came here for a meal with my parents, intrigued by the supposed creole-inspired food.  We paid top prices for middle of the line food.  I've been a number of times since (wisely staying away from the food and coming here only for drinks), and while I find the drinks reasonable, I think that the quality of the cocktails has gone downhill since the opening.    The thing is, the biggest draw about the Voodoo Rooms is the setting.  It's gorgeous, opulent, and entirely too good for most of the clientele.  We were there this past weekend and were jostled, man-handled, and Katie Priced by what felt like every person walking into the bar.  This is partially because, while the venue as a whole is quite large, the actual main bar is very small for the number of people it attracts.  When I'm paying top dollar in such a nice (looking) bar, I just don't expect such a crush or rude and ridiculous people.  So, the Voodoo Rooms could be a much nicer place (food aside) but it is unfortunately let down by the kind of crowd it attracts.
4 It had the perfect romantic ambiance we wanted for pre-dinner drinks on Valentines day, and that was thanks to the "star" rating and reviews from the Yelp community, so thanks for your help identifying this classy venue!
3 GET SOME GOOD BEER AND I MIGHT CONSIDER UPDATING THIS REVIEW.  I head here for events quite often and as a bit of a fan of the food I felt that this place could only get better, I unfortunately think that it might have actually gotten worse.   The general decor is cool, I like the place a lot. I also quite like the food and spirits but beer wise they let themselves down heavily. pretty much the only palatable thing are bottles of deuchers.  IT also gets REALLY hot.   In general - events good, food good, drinks, meh.
4 This was my second time in this bar and I did wonder last night why I haven't come here more...I didn't come up with an answer by the way. It's a plush looking bar, really nicely decorated. We had a private room for a party, which wasn't so plush looking, but was still great for what we wanted. We had our own bar with a friendly staff member, dancefloor which was all lit up, toilets, and we were able to hook up our own music (though this wasn't necessarily a good thing as whoever brought their music didn't have the best taste. It was also too loud when trying to talk to people). It was a good sized space aswell for a party and there was lots of seating though no one really used it. I got the impression from the main bar that it would be harder to get seats as it looked very busy but then again it was a Saturday night.  I definitely want to go back again in a few weeks when I've friends visiting from home and explore the other main areas of the Voodoo Rooms.
5 Who do? Voodo? Yeah, they do!  This is the one bar I always visit on a night out, and it never ceases to amaze me! Firstly, as mentioned numerous times below the décor is awesome, it's a bit like a young Catherine Zeta Jones, sexy and welcoming!  Big booths and a nice long bar!  There is an absolutely beautiful cherry blossom tree outside and if you catch it at the right times of the year, it's a great view from up above.  They have separate rooms that form a restaurant and a private area for functions etc, if you are smart, and sneaky like me, you can normally gate crash one of the private events going on. One time I snuck into hear a young guy form Glasgow, a white man with an afro, rock out some of the best MJ and Bill Withers covers I have ever heard (FYI 'Use me' by Bill Withers is my favourite song ever). This experience was made even more enjoyable by the absolutely orgasmic Mojito I was drinking at the time.  The cocktails are among the best in town, after a while  I normally go rogue and start asking for random things not on the menu - they have a huge espresso machine that looks like something form a steam punk film so that always make me think of espresso martinis  Another time I visited, during a mega snow storm, and the cherry blossom tree looked like a big mutant ice lolly, I spotted Phil Jupitus on the decks. It was the night before Black Friday, and I was relieved to be away from work and to have some time for a drink. The night before Black Friday is an apprehensive one as you want to forget about the absolute pumping you will get the next day, but also you can't forget about it as you need to start lubricating. Anyway, Big Phil is on the decks, so I said to the girl I'm with,   'WTF is PJ doing on the decks?'   to which she replied 'who is PJ?'   and I said 'Phil Jupitus, no?',   'no?!'  ....'oh...'  I'll just be star struck alone- I tried to play it cool and not go over to get my photo taken with him, but a few more cocktails and we started chatting.   'Hey Phil, I think you are awesome!'   'Thanks man'  'So why are you on the decks here?'  'I owed a guy a favour'  '....... Can I get a photo with you?'  'yeah, sure'  I still have the photo
2 The ratings for The Voodoo Rooms seem to be mostly positive based on the drinks and ambience. So if that is what you are looking for, this is potentially a good place for you.   HOWEVER. The food, based on my one meal, was terrible. I started with the Haggis spring rolls. These honestly I didn't have much of a problem with, mostly because I have nothing to compare them to and had no expectations. (Never had Haggis before this). I personally didn't like the Haggis, but that probably doesn't have much to do with the preparation and instead is just the nature of the beast. Literally....  What I can more properly comment on is the main course I had, which was sea bass. I strongly advise that you do NOT order this dish here. The fish was thin and tasteless, served dark side up. Very unappetizing, even by sight. The side rice was plain, white, and very dry.   I had a draft beer which was rather good, and the cocktail list looked impressive. My recommendation is to stick to the drinks at the Voodoo Rooms and eat your meal elsewhere.
1 First of all i have experience of cocktails from all over the world, most of all from NY at  different mixologists bars, like Milk and honey for ex.  We order two cocktails, the bartender or if he like to try to be a mixologist, he made the cocktails in front of us, and two of the ingridients was finsished after half use, for ex the ginger, but he did still make it as nothing has happend. He seamed pretty nervous, perhaps he was on drugs.  Cocktails tasted only strong spirits, my grirlfriend could not drink it, i told him that she dont want it, he asked what she wanted instead? She wanted red wine instead(cause he could not make cocktails), then he went away for 5 minutes, we starred at him and then he just asked like nothing happend "Hey what do you like to have?, --ehh? we just said red wine -Ok that will be xx pounds"  We just went away of this stupid guy and place.  They also charge you 50 pence for pay by card?? Come on, whats the deal??  If you like to have good cocktails try Monteiths or Dragonfly instead.
4 Where to start!?  I stumbled upon this place after a random late Thursday evening (23rd May ;) ) sticky toffee pudding hunting with my GF.    //  W R O N G   S I D E //  After driving up the, now one-way street before hand (left side of St Andrews Square as you exit George Street) to approach the venue [Crazy shizz I know], we walked up the stairwell with what I resembled to be the start of an a rollercoaster on space mountain or something. It could also could be referred to as what you might imagine your backstage entrance to "Stars in Their Eyes" would be like....or just some stairs with lights on the ceiling. It was cool though and got my mouth to stay open for about 20 seconds (health and safety issue with all my dessert craving drool on the steps but never mind!)    //  I N S I D E   &   S E R V I C E //  Inside it was quite lively and there was a good vibe and atmosphere. The clientele was mixed (old and young) but both of the more sophisticated nature. I had quickly researched this place online prior to us going and therefore had booked a table for our random Thursday Night Dessert OFF! so we had a table reserved. One thing was that we had to awkwardly wait for a couple of minutes, and then go up to the side of the bar and ask one of the staff members about the table we had booked as there was no one at the "dolly waiter" at that time. Anyway, we got seated and were presented with the menu and advised of the specials etc but then waited for the moment to break the script by saying that we were just in for dessert :)    The rest went a little like this:  --Received Dessert Menu, --Had seen it online, and ofcourse that they had sticky toffee pudding, --Ordered one of those and a New York Cheese Cake!   //  N E W   E X P E R I E N C E S //  One thing that was very simple but awsome as well was the jug of water we got for the table which had been marinated with a cucumber in it - YUM-YUM.  So sippin cucumber H2o, it was time to have a good look around from our table O~o  The interior decor was very vintage and royal with its sculptured ceilings and walls and hanging chandeliers. The dinning room we were in, next door to the bar, was modernly dated with that classy old vibe which was a change and the booths looked great for gatherings of friends. Instantly we planned to have our next night out here.  After going to the bathroom and having a flash back to the website, I noticed the array of events held in the venue. With private hire of venue space obviously available too! CMY EVENT THERE SOON I HOPE! :D   //  T I P S  //  --The prices are pretty reasonable for the atmosphere, the location and the quality of food. It was even better with a Gourmet Society Card offering 50% off! BOOM :D  --Arrive early for a booth, or call to reserve one.  --Thursday nights are busy.  --Sticky Toffee Pudding & New York Cheese Cake were amazing, mouth = watering  --You can rock up in anything casual but the majority of people were smart casual on a Thursday night.  Can't wait to go here for drinks and report back!
4 Being in Edinburgh for a few days this week, I was bowled over by the choice of great drinking and dining options available.   We were at The Voodoo Rooms for an event downstairs and throughout this, the bar staff were efficient, effective, friendly and welcoming to our group. We had some cocktails in their 'Speakeasy' area, while also enjoying some food from the wide ranging and well priced dinner menu. All 3 of us went for the burgers which were obviously freshly made - plus they had a succulent flavour and texture that you don't get in normal run of the mill bars. I also liked the fact that although the Speakeasy bar was small, they still kept a good range of beers like Brooklyn in it as opposed to offering just a limited supply.  One of the bonuses of the Voodoo rooms is the fact that it's a labyrinth of rooms with loads of varying entertainment going on in different areas.  Their main bar upstairs is a real classic, quality long seating bar with a great vibe - the sort of place I'd love to spend more time just chilling out and relaxing in the afternoon with a nice pint and the newspaper.   I also really enjoyed their 'Ballroom' which had an excellent band playing 60's and 70's psychedelic music - this to me was the icing on the cake of an evening spent across all the bars in this venue.   I love places that are big enough to have loads of flow and give you the option to move around like you're at a house party, with loads of leisure and socialising options available - Voodoo rooms has this in abundance so check it out!
4 I've been here once before.    For some unknown reason i usually overlook this place as a place to go and I don't know why!  It's a good place to come and have a function as i know there is at least 2 function rooms and then the main bar.  I remember having a good cocktail the time before this visit.  This visit was great as Voodoo provided a nice little array of canapes and cocktails for the Elite event!   I really should get a group of friends to meet here as i think it would kick off a great evening before moving along!
5 Spent a great night here watching a local band. Room completely packed on a hot July night, air condition doing its job pretty well. The show sounded great and I liked the setup of the venue with tables at both sides of the room, the stage at the top front, the bar in the back of the room, standing area in the middle of the room. Barkeepers did a great job serving all the people, drinks were decent. Loved it. Will definitely come back .
3 The Voodoo Rooms is always a pleasure to visit even without a room full of Yelpers  to keep you company! It's beautiful decor and it's fantastic selection of drinks really do make for a great night out. It's not somewhere I'd pop in for a quick drink however I would feel welcome here no matter what attire I'm wearing despite it's chandeliers and other extravagant items.  It's tucked away in a nice little corner which mean there not many people just wandering in off the street and yet there still a nice mix of people inside. The atmosphere is relaxed and there is usually some sort of entertainment on.
5 This is one of those other places that when people fly in, I take them. Aside from the beautiful setting of the bar, nice selection of drinks and friendly service the bar is off the beaten track giving it that 'hidden' vibe to it.  I haven't been to any of the shows (other than the Vegas Hogmanay ball), but they seem great from the photos!
