5 When I was younger visiting Edinburgh, I would drive my mum and dad CRAZY because I would insist that we go to Daniels for dinner. I wouldn't go anywhere else! Whenever we went I always had a mushroom crepe and ice cream. Seperately, of course. The other day my mum and I decided we would go back, y'know, to see if it had changed. It was better!  It is a lot nicer than I remembered - but I suppose a 10year old doesn't really notice the decor. They have a really brilliant bar and really lovely artwork throughout.  They describe their menu as a 'Scottish-Franco love affair' - I don't know what that's about but I certainly was having a sordid love affair with the Fish casserole. I nearly died when I saw they still had the mushroom crepe, just as tasty as  I remembered - and I don't even like mushrooms!!  I thoroughly recommend Daniel's Bistro. It is in Leith, so not quite the city centre but it makes for a lovely area to walk off the delicious food you've just eaten!
4 If ever I return to Edinburgh, and I really hope I do, I'll be sure to set aside time to revisit Daniel's Bistro.  Thanks to Lonely Planet, I found myself taking the bus out to Leith to walk the water and check out the Royal Yacht Britannia.  Whilst there, I was unable to resist the magnetic lure of Daniel's famed "La Tartiflette" and the exotic appeal of Scottish-Alsatian food.  Throughout my meal, I "hydrated" myself with the house white wine, which was both delicious and reasonably priced.  I complemented the wine (or is the other way around) with the Scottish Chanterelles special appetizer, "La Tartiflette", and Daniel's Bread and Butter Pudding.  These would reveal themselves to be wise choices indeed!  1. Scottish Chanterelles - I don't remember how much I paid for these, but no matter what I paid, these were definitely worth it.  These were some of the best mushrooms I have ever had the pleasure to taste, and I savored every buttery bite!  It was a generous portion of locally-sourced chanterelles pan sauteed and finished with butter.  I practically licked my plate.  2. "La Tartiflette" - This dish came recommended by Lonely Planet as great comfort food.  The dish consists of sliced potatoes topped with creme fraiche, reblochon savoie cheese and bacon lardons oven cooked to a very crisp finish.  As you might imagine, the elements of the dish combined into the most decadent and delectable rendition of scalloped potatoes ever.  The richness of the fare was very slightly (and almost comically) offset by a small side salad.   3. Daniel's Bread and Butter Pudding - When it comes to eating, I usually go with the "if you're going to sin, sin royally" approach, and my meal at Daniel's was no exception.  The bread and butter pudding was the perfect sweet counterpart to the caloric opulence of "La Tartiflette".  My willpower crumbled and I found myself decimating the whole serving.  My entire meal, complete with appetizer, entrée, dessert, wine, tax and gratuity totaled £27.10, which was very reasonable for the caliber of innovative food and remarkable service.  Daniel's was a worthy choice for one of my limited meals in Scotland, and I left the restaurant into the inky, chilly evening with a happy stomach, a slight buzz and a smile on my face.  PARTING THOUGHT: After the meal, I tried replicating the chanterelles at home many times, but the magnificent sparkle of Daniel's version left mine deep in the shade
4 I'm by no means a regular customer, but that has more to do with geography than anything else... living 400+ miles away its just not convenient to pop along for a meal. Nonetheless I frequent this lovely little bistro as often as I am able.  The menu never disappoints, the service is friendly and pleasently discreet and of course the food is delicious! Slowly but surely I'm working my way through the 'regulars' on the menu and am thoroughly enjoying doing so... portion sizes are just to my liking and the flavours blend perfectly!  A consistently strong performer which serves a flavoursome dishes in a warm and friendly atmosphere... with the added bonus of never (in all of my visits) having any problems finding a parking space almost on the doorstep - not something that all that many Edinburgh restaurants can claim!
5 Like French food but not the frog's legs or escargole?  This is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh and my Mum and sister's number one!!!    This restaurant used to be called Daniel's but is now under new management so is known as La Garrigue.  Nothing much has changed apart from the name though I'm very happy to say because why mess with perfection???    This relaxed, laid back restaurant allows you to enjoy a leisurely meal without being rushed out the door.  The waiters will satisfy your every need and the food will really hit the spot.  Sit in the consevatory or even outside on a sunny afternoon and relax the time away.    With a 2 course lunch menu for £8.75 and a 2 course pre-theatre menu for £12.75 you mustn't grumble as this is well worth it.  For an extra £1.95 you can add on a desert which must be the cheapest desert anywhere in town!!!  The quality of the food is second to non in my opinion and they offer a variety from vegetarian, fish, red meat to poultry - they really cover all their bases!    Don't think, just book!
