4 great location with tables outside on Hunter Square. Indulgent hot chocolate and lovely sandwiches and homemade soup with fresh chunky bread.
4 I heart Chocolate Soup! Chocolate Soup is the perfect way to recharge on a cold Edinburgh day. The small cafe serves a variety of hot chocolate, coffee, sandwiches, and soups. The soups are great because you can self-serve and put it in a cup with a lid to drink on-the-go if you're in a hurry--Perfect for those who need to get back to work or tourists who only have so much time to go sightseeing. Or, if you prefer, you can sit down and enjoy a large mug of luxurious hot chocolate. I sure did. Yum.
4 Their hot chocolate is heaven in a cup made with a shot of real chocolate sauce!  When i went it was the perfect way to defrost after walking the streets of Edinburgh.  But i have to say, drink in moderation!  Their hot chocolate was so good that i had a second large cup and i wasn't even thirsty.  It was just that good.  I ended up walking around Edingurgh feeling sick and bloated, but it was well worth it.  I learned my lesson the next day and got 2 small hot chocolates instead of 2 large ones.
5 Chocolate. Chocolate. And more chocolate.  What else do you need to know? The chocolate soup of the name is thick, luscious stuff that young children could drown in and Willy Wonka would forbid you to touch with human hands. Yes, that good. If you're there for breakfast, try a dash of it on your porridge.
4 Chocolate Soup, how cute you are!!   Yummy yummy shortcakes and delicious hot chocolate!! And what a cute name. It's like a coffee shop converted into a hot chocolate shop with goodies of sweets where young tourists can relax.
3 A cute little cafe with decent food. I got a mozerella and salami sandwich/potato leek soup combination, both of which were good, but not amazing. The ordering system is kind of chaotic when it's busy -- I waited in line for about 10 minutes before I realised people were just shoving their way to the front. They have a lot of chocolate options (most of which are slightly overpriced), but I didn't try any of them, so maybe I missed out. The cafe itself is cute, though, and a great place to escape the cold and wind for a few hours.
3 This place sounds better than it actually is and once you've been once you will probably leave feeling sick enough to not go back again. One of my friends loves it here and I'm quite agreeable so will usually go along with her even if I only get a tea now as the thought of having another "chocolate shot" makes me feel queasy.   This place is always choc-a-block and it's usually quite hard to find a seat, it always just seems like such a stressful place no wonder they seem to be hiring staff quite a lot. I guess it's so busy due to it's location and also the novelty of it. I remember when I had my first white hot chocolate here, it was amazing but I felt ill half way through drinking it.  They also do pretty good sandwiches and paninis if you're feeling a little bit peckish but it's quite pricey and if you're just looking for light bite for a quiet catch up with friends then I'd go somewhere else.
3 I like the idea of this cafe more than I actually like it.   Full of chocolate treats and chocolate based drinks at prices similar to that of Starbucks and Costa. Another review mentioned the odd queueing system and I noticed this also, the lack of queueing system made it somewhat chaotic. The staff were okay, although I was a little creeped out by the intense staring from the guy behind the counter. Eye contact at all times is not needed, break away a little, trust me it feels good.   My Mocha was ridiculously chocolatey. I left feeling a little sick because it was so rich and was clearly on some sort of sugar high.   Obviously die hard chocoholics are more accustomed to such levels of sugar so will probably enjoy it much more than me.
2 Usually associating hot chocolate with the sachets of dried instant 'hot chocolate' you find in your dusty kitchen cupboard I was intrigued by the prospect of a real hot chocolate. Indeed they know how to make a decent hot chocolate, the high percentage cocoa and gooey decadent texture is scrumptious, but my experience was slightly marred in my attempts to get a tray bake which apparently was sold out...  This was clearly not the case as I was staring at numerous slabs of my choice through the glass counter and was subsequently snubbed by the staff. Usually minor staff/customer discrepancies like this go unnoticed.  However, I've read and heard many scathing reviews about the staff in this place and have recently left Chocolate Soup with an experience more akin to the sickly feeling you get when you've had too much rich chocolate.
4 Unless you're one of those weirdos who doesn't love chocolate, you'll absolutely love this place. In fact, if you've been in Edinburgh for more than a day then you'll probably have already been.  It's a simple but amazing concept - just like a regular coffee place/café, but the emphasis is almost entirely on chocolate. I've never seen so many different types of sundaes/chocolatey coffees/chocolate muffins/pain au chocolats under one roof, and despite my best efforts I've yet to sample them all.  If you're trying to convince yourself to be healthy, they also have freshly made porridge every day, as well as one of those granola-in-a-glass smoothies. But you can have all that at home.   Make sure you try their namesake drink. Or dish... their chocolate soup is so gloopy and amazing I'm not sure whether you eat it or drink it, but whichever it is it's definitely worth the calories. Just make sure you only order a shot of it, and not the large shot like I did... it's very filling and no, you won't be able to finish it without feeling sick for hours. A very happy sick, but sick nonetheless.  Why only 4 stars then? Out of sympathy for the poor staff. The last two times I've been here I've heard the manager-ess/owner absolutely laying into the other members of staff for something or another. Everyone else in the queue behind me looked just as awkward as I felt!
3 A lot of people I know really go mad for this place - but while I am not as big a chocolate fan as they may be, I really dont see the appeal of this place.  Chocolate Soup is basically a cafe that serves all of its dishes with a chocolate infused something or other, or a chocolate coated do-dah. Oh, and you can have a side order of a chocolate muffin and a chocolate latte to drink. You see my point.  The idea must be a good one however, as this place is always full - and I can see why, the food is actually very very nice, including the actual chocolate soup you can buy. The trouble is that it really is all a bit too much, and I could help but feel a little sick after I left here. The food is just too chocolate-y for my taste.  The staff werent bad, and to give them thier due, it was a packed weekend lunchtime, so I really couldnt fault them.
3 Thanks for the diabetes!  This place had the potential to be my second home when I first heard about it. I'm a chocolate addict, If i could inject it into my veins I would.  But the main problem with this place is that it's full of the one group in society that needs chocolate more than anyone else...  Menopausal women.  The group of 40 somethings next to me were , for an hour, talking about why their daughters don't listen to them and won't go out dancing with them (I could have answered that one...) The 3 most common words you'll hear in this place are "Oh...My...God" with the appropriate pauses in between when they stuff their faces. If you're looking for quiet afternoon, don't come here.  Whoever was supervising the staff was giving them such a hard time, i can't believe the other reviewers saw the same thing too. Somebody has a little attitude problem.
3 Unlike the majority of the rabble, I don't even like the sound of Chocolate Soup, and being surrounded by middle aged women droning on about their husband's impotence, as well as promiscuous teenagers discussing what Cheryl Cole was wearing last night, just doesn't do it for me. I love chocolate. I love soup. Yet the two don't combine very well. As for the Chocolate shots, the less said about them the better.   The supervisor with the Auschwitz-style work ethic seems to be becoming a bit of a minor celebrity on Yelp, and to be honest the only reason I'll be going back is to get a look at him or her in action for myself. Nothing beats social awkwardness in a very crowded place.
3 Unusually, or so it seems, I'm a female that isn't massively enamoured with chocolate. I do like the odd bit of dark chocolate, but I'm not keen on that sickly, treacly, sugar rush you get from too much milk or white chocolate, so normally I give large vats of chocolate substances a miss.  However, seeing this is a review written for anyone on the internet, I would say chocolate drinking is probably fairly high on a lot of people's lists, so if that's the case, coming to this emporium of chocolate options would be a pretty sensible call. Milk and white chocolate concoctions, whipped cream, chocolate sauce, bits of chocolate bars to put on top of your already calorific, sugar fest of a beverage, it's all here for your sweet toothed consumption.   You can also get coffee and tea in here, it's not completely chocolate based, plus there are some pretty awesome cup cakes too. Very busy due to its just off the Royal Mile location, so sometimes getting a table can be tricky.
4 I didn't have as bad a time in Chocolate Soup as other reviewers seemingly have. I visited when it was a quiet period during a weekday which may explain why it was laid back. Certainly I would reconsider eating (or drinking chocolate?) in a place where the staff weren't treated well. Customer service is a tough gig when you're ill treated. Although I didn't see any of that stuff go on when I was there, I would've felt awkward and sorry for the staff if I had.  The concept of Chocolate Soup is awesome - it's soup, and it's chocolate. Who knew? You can't go wrong with that.   I agree with Lynsey, it's pretty sweet when consumed in vast quantities, but if you opt for something like a hot chocolate and a cake (or take it easy if you go for the chocolate soup) then you will enjoy it. You might get a sugar rush and come out in a sweat, but the likelihood is it'll be worth it.  A popular one with the tourists since it's quirky and original, but also popular with locals of all ages. Very busy at the weekend and it would get a bit full on if you were having chocolate soup on a daily basis, but great when saved for special occasions and meet ups. It's the kind of place you could take your mum, as I'm sure she will be bowled over by the idea of chocolate soup. Next thing you know, we'll be getting chocolate rain (I wish!)
3 Chocolate soup?! Whatever will they think of next?!   I was intrigued with this place so accompanied a friend for lunch. It wasn't the nicest of places....sortof canteen-like and a little bit dirty. The white tables and white plastic chairs wern't very attractive....and the tables needed a good clean!!  I'm planning on giving Chocolate Soup a second chance, because all my friends rave about it . Watch this space
4 This café just off the Royal Mile serves some of the best hot chocolate, as its name suggests! They try to be creative with it as well, serving several varieties that come with nuts, marshmallows, cream and even white chocolate. It took some courage to admit I may not be the biggest fan of hot chocolate, which I find too sweet and extremely difficult to finish (you'll get your money's worth, as it comes in big mugs) but I adore this place for their desserts and toasted sandwiches. You can have a full or half sandwich, which come with goats cheese, salami, brie, mozzarella, avocado, meatballs, cheddar, just to mention a couple of fillings. And to follow, they have the most awesomest (error to emphasise deliciousness) muffins, such as their banana with toffee frosting one! Great place for a quick and light lunch break.
2 On paper, Chocolate Soup sounds like a Must Visit.   A cosy cafe off the Royal Mile, it has a cluster of tables inside and out and a handful of booths which are perfect for small groups of friends. As the name suggests, it specialises in all things chocolate related from hot chocolate and chocolate soup to chocolate cake, chocolate brownies, chocolate croissants and chocolate ice-cream sunades. The latter comes complete with whipped cream in a tall glass and a selection of toppings.  The problem is, the chocolate they use as the base for all the dishes is dissappointingly bland. We're talking creamy miilk and white chocolate rather than dark chocolate with a high cocoa content and real depth and flavour. I tried a hot chocolate and chocolate soup and was so dismayed, I gave up after a couple of sips of both. The chocolate brownies were equally dire and doughy - making me long for something genuinely delicious like a Green and Blacks or Valrhona bar.
4 Why bore yourself with the Starbucks next door when you can have an absolutely world class hot chocolate made from scratch? They leave a deliberate dollop of chocolate outside every cup. Absolute heaven in 12 oz.
2 If you're after hot chocolate of any description, or coffee with chocolate, or indeed chocolate soup - and that's all - then this place will do the job. I had a cappucino and the chocolate powder they sprinkled on top tasted verryyyy cocoa-rich and delicious.  But why the low rating? There were a number of things I really didn't enjoy about my lunch here. When I first queued to order a coffee, one girl was serving the customer in front who was having trouble finding her wallet so it was taking a while. Two other members of staff were standing right in front of me, one with her back to me, chatting away and actually occasionally glancing at me without even asking what my order would be. They could have taken my order and started making it before I got to the till. It was just me and the person in front. But their attitude was that I was interrupting their engrossing chat.  Then when I went back to order soup and a roll, soup and a sandwich for two the same girl got very confused and was quite rude about the order, with a certain tone "so, let me get this right, you want ONE soup and ONE roll and..." You get the picture.  The toilets were also very far away, freezing cold, and smelt of...toilets.  The range of sandwiches were minimal, my sandwich was stale, two of the soups had run out.  Ok, moan and rant over. Basically, I would have been happier going to the Starbucks next door as the sandwiches and cakes if somewhat generic are better, and the service is far friendlier.   I guess I may update my review once I've tried one of the "chocolate soups" they have on offer. But service, selection, and poor facilities left me with a bitter taste in my mouth.
4 i got the WHITE HOT CHOCOLATE, and my friend got the MOCHA.  im not a fan of sweet sweet things and hot chocolate is def not my fave, but this place definitely impressed. it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet and the slight taste of milk was delightful. hohohoho.  &&& the mocha! i do wish i got that. you get to choose if you want it mixed with white chocolate or toffee...   THIS IS A DEF A PLACE TO STOP BY AFTER YOU WALKED THE ROYAL MILE. :) the bathroom is kinda scary though.
3 This place has basically ruined hot chocolate for me- hot water + hot cocoa powder just tastes bland and watery now. Chocolate Soup is just off the Royal Mile so it's a convenient place to stop by on the way back onto campus on a cold day. Their hot chocolates are very sweet and creamy... though the zebra hot chocolate was a little bit too sweet/creamy for my tastes. My favorite was the simple chocolate soup with marshmallows. (:   My only real complaint is that sometimes the workers look ... very unenthused, like they really didn't want to be there. It makes ordering a little awkward/uncomfortable sometimes.
3 So I had heard alot about this place. The hot chocolate was supposedly to be held as the god-of-all-hot-chocolates and it was in a "fantastic" location. Not quite my experience. I went here a couple of weeks ago with my friend who raved of the place but I'm afraid it didn't live up to expectations. It wasn't terrible; it was OK. But just OK. We ordered two hot chocolates, one mint choc chip and one white hot chocolate and to be honest we could have had one between us. The servings are truly generous although the bowl like cups were both a bit chipped and shabby.  Chipped and shabby was my general impression of the place actually. Sure the hot chocolates were satisfying in a gluttonous, sickly way that you expect of a place named "Chocolate Soup" but apart from that the experience wasn't great. First of all it was pretty pricey. £3.75 for a hot chocolate is expe nsive no matter how high someone tries to claim the cocoa content is.The staff were nice enough but the place seriously needed a clean and I won't even try to describe the bathroom. Location... meh looks onto the back of a church and there were alot of skaters annoyingly pressed right up against the window where I happened to be sitting. Not exactly going to be a favourite for tourists. My friend also had mushroom soup and it was "OK." Seems to be the work to describe this place: OK.
2 I went here in a bid to support a smaller coffee shop than the multinational Starbucks, Chocolate Soup's neighbour on Hunter's Square.    Oops, mistake. There were 2 people in front, yet was ignored for 5 minutes, and waited 10 for the order. A polite 'Will the coffee be much longer, please?' was met with breathtaking rudeness, at a very loud volume, by the supervisor.    But at least it stopped her bullying the hard-working barista for a moment.    He, and the decent macchiato he made, were the only saving grace, and get a star each.    I've worked in coffee shops before, so I'm perfectly aware of the stress and demands of the job, but equally aware of the importance of customer service. I sincerely hope this problem has been rectified.    Until then, Starbucks it is.
3 Got the hot chocolate [it was not hot] The hot chocolate is incredibly sweet - too sweet for my taste.  Got it with the marshmallows [it was like chewing on sugar, and not in a good way] The shortbread they served was also eh.
