3 Surely the greatest geographical mis-step on The Royal Mile, The Loch Ness Discovery Centre is a good 200 miles off course. It's quite shameless in a way, as it piggybacks on the relentless desire for Scottishness on this street to the extent of exploiting a tourist curio that has nothing whatsoever to do with the city.  At £5.95, you're probably cheaper actually getting a bus to Loch Ness to have a look for the old girl herself. They justify the price by pointing out that they put a lot of money into "scientific" research to find the monster.  Aye right.
2 This is clearly for visitors of the City who don't have time or cannot be bothered to head to Loch Ness itself. Add some 3D and some fairytales (or scientific evidence- whatever way you want to look at it) you get to see hand on evidence around the myths surrounding this loch. Most of the evidence comes from the (slightly derranged) individuals who spent a lot of time looking at the lake. Or devising machines to proove their point. You can proove anything with facts these days. And photos.  After your Loch Ness Discovery troop over to the Loch itself if you have time. You are going to spend the first 5-15 minutes starring at it as well, convinced that  that movement in the distance is Nessie herself. That's ok we have all done that- half-jocking or so we pretend to.
1 I can describe this place in one word.  SHAMELESS.  Tourists, who come to Edinburgh to see all things Scottish must lap this shit up - we are 200 miles from Loch Ness here, but whoever thought of this place just decided that they could abuse tourists wallets by making them think they can experience something that is just as Scottish as haggis, without ever leaving the city.  If you do decide to pay the £6, dont be dissapointed at what you get - a weak 3D video looking at some 'evidence' from 'experts'. Cough.  It really is shameless, a blatent scam on tourists - and frankly it gets me a bit worked up.
2 Like the other reviewers, I can't help but think that the Loch Ness Discovery is a little bit of a con and a rather cheeky way to make a quick buck from unsuspecting tourists. The Royal Mile is full of tourist traps but this really takes the biscuit.  Open 7 days a week the Loch Ness Discovery tells you all about Scotland's greatest mystery, in 3D form no less. You'll be told about the hoaxes, witnesses and photos of Nessie and I guess in the end you can make up your own mind about this place.  I'd rather keep the £5.95 thanks very much.
