3 For the name alone, I would come back here without a problem.  Beer was good, bar was sort of neat, and location is great for the train station or downtown.    Quite enjoyed the thistle stained glass and the rather nice looking bar.  Service was great too.  All in all, it was a pretty normal pub; but I felt rather good about it.
2 As with a previous yelper, I was attracted to the Malt Shovel because of their beautiful hanging-baskets outside. Yeah, I realize that sounds a bit uncool for a 20 year old, but I was with my mum and she likes those sorts of things.   The pub was what you would expect from an Edinburgh/British pub. Very pleasant, very nice atmosphere and lovely staff, but pretty average to be honest. Their wine was quite warm - Heinous crime in my opinion - and they didn't have any Pimms so I wasn't all that satisfied with the overall experience. But it was nice to sit outside and watch the world go by (not that much of the world passes Cockburn Street).
3 In all honesty, you could do a lot worse than the Malt Shovel.  It's located in a great place - meaning that it gets lots of custom, and sitting outside just watching the world go by on Cockburn Street is a pleasure. The pub itself is a simple, traditional pub. Pleasant, charming and welcoming. The staff were friendly, the drinks were cheap(ish) and the food was alright. Overall, this pub was exactly that - ok.  I would love to say I had a great time here, but truthfully, I really felt that while my time in the Malt Shovel was nice, it wasnt outstanding. But it wasnt bad either.
3 This is a pub on Cockburn Street that I seem to end up in on a fairly regular basis for no apparent reason other than to get out of the rain. That said, it is a nice enough wee pub and the bar staff are cheery and friendly. There's always a buzzy and lively feel about the place, no matter if it's 12 noon or 12 midnight. The bar's got a good selection of whisky and real ales and the prices are fairly cheap given its central location. They dish up some pretty standard pub grub which won't break the bank, but unless I was about to faint from hunger I would probably go somewhere else to eat.
4 I was attracted to The Malt Shovel because it looked cosy and homely on a dreich day. I also thought I was the only one who was really turned on by the smallest details - namely pretty, 1920s style stained glass doors and the hanging baskets - but I'm glad to see other Yelpers are with me on how quaint it looks!  This pub is pretty low key, but that's why I like it. Quiet and lacking pretention, it serves up some of the usual pub grub during the day. It has the usual selection of beers and ales on tap. The staff are friendly and the drinks prices aren't as expensive as other pubs of this ilk in the area.  Overall, I think we're all on the same page here - this pub is a bit of alright!
3 Curving around the corner of Cockburn St is the Malt Shovel. This is one of few pubs nearby with a local clientele and an attractive spot waiting for a train, given its handy location near Waverley Station.  The Malt Shovel has an attractive green painted exterior. Inside it has a traditional atmosphere, although the pub itself is more modern. There are a number of levels in this pub, not floors, different rooms with slightly different decor.   This pub offers food from lunch time to evening, with standard pub meals on offer. The pub is well known for its extensive selection of single malt whiskies. It also offers live music throughout the week, which might not always be as appealing as some of the other well known folksy bars in Edinburgh, but still makes for a more interesting evening.
3 Recently, while visiting Edinburgh for the Fringe, I was in the market for some fish n' chips. With the help of my friend who now resides in Edinburgh, we selected a great spot to order up some of those fried fillets and chips. We wandered into The Malt Shovel, which surprisingly enough in this overly-packed city during the month of August city, had an open table.  I ordered, big surprise, the fish n' chips. The moment I opened my mouth, I'm sure the server could tell I was an American who had just arrived and wanted the 'authentic' local dish. I wasn't going to eat haggis, so this was the next best thing.  The dish was good - but not blow your mind out of this world I'll never eat anything like this totally amazing perfect dish. You can certainly obtain fish n' chips this good in the states. But it was good! Crispy while still being soft on the inside and a good quality fish. The 'chips' were definitely from frozen fries. Do any restaurants use fresh potatoes anymore?!? The dish also came with some green peas on the side - good, but also seemed to be from frozen.
4 Got to give props to any pub that serves Monster Munch, Quavers, Pringles and Doriotos behind the bar. Was up for a few days as a massively gaggle of psychiatrists and mental health nurses - got nothing but a warm, friendly welcome, reasonably priced beers and a fantastic savoury snack selection from here. Would come back again, and again, and again... no problem
4 After 10 hours of straight walking through Edinburgh (unknowingingly pregnant) with a friend we began to look for a place to eat.  Looking involved checking yelp for reviews..then we looked up and were standing in front of the Malt Shovel and thought no matter what they served it was better than taking one more step in any direction.  We were pleasantly surprised.  It took a little while to have our order taken but we were resting and didn't mind too much.  The crowd was friendly enough - a mix of locals and tourists...the food was typically good.  No problems there - I think she had the fish and chips and I had the vegetarian version of the same thing. No complaints here!
4 excellent food and impeccable service..
5 I was on a return visit to Edinburgh and met up with friends at the Malt Shovel, a place we used to go to a fair bit. The bar had gone through a bad patch a few years back (refurbishment, change of manager/owner, lots of bad reviews online), but we were keen to test our loyalty! The bar is a nice mix of people, although it still seems to attract a fair number of students (a group of young drinkers were carded while we were being served). It is just far enough of the main tourist trail to feel authentic and the decor is reassuringly haphazard. Although I agree the prices do reflect the tourist market, it wasn't extortionate. And I was happy to pay for the best pub-made toddy I've had in ages. Honey, cloves, the works! It could only have been improved by not having to wait so long for it. We were there on a Tuesday and a cute two-piece band were serenading the crowd with songs and an impromptu comedy routine. It felt like 15 years ago, which definitely gets it a 5-star review ;-)
4 Always has people. Good brews down from Royal Mile. Also has a fairly good price on breakfast. We ordered a la carte and the price was great! Set menu...ha, I say!
3 We'd arrived in Edinburgh just before 7pm, checked in to our guest house, and set out to orient ourselves with the city.  I'd bookmarked loads of places, but didn't have them printed, wasn't staying in one place long enough to get wifi, and wasn't playing for global data, so we were wandering blind.  After going up and down the Royal Mile and realizing that we just needed to eat somewhere prior to the Festival Fireworks, we ended up at the Malt Shovel.    The Yelper foodie in me was a bit disappointed when it appeared to be part of a larger group with a set menu that didn't seem all that special.  But the staff was SO friendly.  In the words of David K, Nice People Work Here.  Even though it's a seat yourself place, one of the guys was helping us find space.  The bartender was great for whisky recommendations and even consoled me that the strongest I could have was a Finteman's ginger beer (which was totally cool, because I'd just discovered what is now my favorite ginger beer).  At first we sat at the bar, but then a nearby table opened up.  For dinner, I had the Sunday roast, and Jimmy had the bangers and mash.  The meat and gravy itself was delicious, though the vegetables and potatoes were nothing impressive.  Bangers and mash were ok, nothing special.  With the WiFi offered by the Cloud, I was able to sign up for their email club to get £5 off dinner for 2.  Go for drinks and the friendly staff, but eat elsewhere.
2 Stopped in looking for some good pub food.   Was greeted by a disgruntled bar keep that was pretty short with us as we ordered.  he didn't even as us what we wanted to drink before he bolted off.  I ordered the fish and chips and my buddy ordered the steak.  Fish wasn't bad but was a bit bland.  No amount of sauce mixology seemed to help.  Although I have to say it was very fresh and not greasy at all.    The steak wasn't great.  About average really.  I give this place two stars for its atmosphere and bar.  Worth a shot if you're in the area but I think I'll try a neighboring pub next time.
4 After arriving in Edinbourgh, we caught a nap and then out to eat, Stopped at the malt shovel and it was busy. Sat down and waited for a long time(15min). Finally gave up and got up to go and the waiter showed up. He was very nice and we sat back down and oreded two beers. (good) We then selected the Chicken pot pie. It came blazing hot with a side veggies and gravey. It was outstanding. The pie was great, veggies too.We would do it again.
3 I've started my night off here a few times. It's ideally placed to meet 4 or 5 peeps descending on the city from all over the parish. It's situated slap bang in the centre - a hop, skip and a jump from Waverley. It probably gets an even mix of tourists/visitors and locals and I've been enough to confirm it is rarely quiet.  A friend and I stopped-in early evening after a gallery show and all was well and good- except an eye watering price tag on the beer. We had a recognisable Scottish craft lager found in several pubs in the city and it cost us £5 a pint! The relaxed atmosphere, traditional decor and lively hubbub encouraged good conversation but every couple of minutes my mind made a clunky gear change back to that crisp, well earned £10 note that I had recently been bereft of. The thought of it sitting there, cold and confused inside the till was too much to bear- so after we made absolutely sure our glasses were empty, we moved on.
