2 If you're looking for cheap and cheerful Italian food Bar Napoli is the place to get it.   The quality isn't great; however the waiters are funny and cheerful, it's easy to get a table and the prices are low. The 3 course lunch for £4.45 (how on earth do they manage it?) and its proximity to Princes Street ensure that there are always people eating in here. I'm generally suspicious of restaurants that have huge menus and Bar Napoli has a HUGE menu, so it's probably a good idea to stick to ordering popular things like margherita pizza and spaghetti carbonara: my rationale being that if lots of people are ordering it, then it's bound to be fresh.  I'd advise you to avoid the antipasti platter and not to bother with the stale bread, probably a good idea to go somewhere else for dessert too.
1 Everyone needs their local Italian restaurant - the slightly shabby, rustic, yet authentic place you always go whenever you want to eat out and can't be bothered with venturing anywhere new. When I moved to Edinburgh 4 years ago I thought I'd found that in Bar Napoli... I was hugely mistaken.  In a cheap and cheerful Italian, you'd expect the staff to be friendly and bubbly - not grumpy and rude. You'd expect the red and white checked table cloths, but not dirty ones still with smatterings of the previous customer at your table's food. Likewise, the basket of bread they give you to nibble whilst you wait ages for your food was so stale you could have smashed a window with it.  Yes, it's cheap. But even though a pizza in the evening only costs a fiver, it's a fiver I'd genuinely rather spend on a McDonald's. This is the only place I've given a 1 Star rating so far on Yelp!  It's open until the small hours and for that reason I think so many people go, the 2am munchies will drive you to eat almost anything... and if what I read in a local newspaper recently is to be believed, that's precisely what you risk doing when you eat here.
1 UHOH!!  I was going to give this little midnight feast a good review, until I read the papers a few weeks ago. They were closed for being 'horrifically unhygienic' , having the 'lowest standards ever seen by an inspector' and  people were surprised 'nobody had died from eating here' . If that's a reason not go to, I don't know what is.  However, if it's 2am and you're desperate for food, Bar Napoli is your place....as soon as it re-opens
1 Hmm - let me put this simply. Cheap does not always equal cheerful.  NEGATIVES: Rude staff. Dirty tables. Stale bread. Poor atmosphere. Not great food.  POSITIVES: Cheap. Open late. Cheaper.
2 The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because it is a proper sit-in pizza place that is open after pub-closing time which means there is more variety on offer for the late-night munchies than the usual chips and cheese / curry sauce / coleslaw / gravy / donner offerings.  After a few glasses of red wine at the first Yelp meet-up with some lovely, lovely folks there was talk of Sunday Roast, chips and curd (a Canadian-ism I've yet to experience) but I piped up with Bar Napoli as it was a) close by and b) I'd only ever eaten here after a lot more drinks, at 1am when starving.  The service leaves a lot to be desired. It was as if we were an inconvenience, and they were putting effort into actually not smiling. Otherwise it was efficient-ish (Chris M. never did get his black pepper though.) I shared a pizza, and for some bizarre reason the toppings were spread onto 4 seperate quarters which meant we had to divvy up the different slices. The carobanara got a "not bad" from Chris M. (general agreement that it was a little too eggy) and the tagliatelle with mushrooms was actually not bad.  Reasonably priced, quite clean inside. It makes a change to chips and cheese, but definitely not worth writing home about or a repeat visit unless I'm in the area, it's late and I'm "STARVING" (as I so often complain after a few drinkies).
2 Seems like Jenny L beat me to the punch here but being as we ate at Bar Napoli at the same time, it's not really a massive surprise to see that we've both awarded it the same number of stars.  It's been a long time since I've felt like I was genuinely putting somebody out, longer still since that person was a waiter. The waiter in this case literally threw our cutlery at us and wouldn't give me any pepper! I'm not a believer that service when dining out needs to be all posh and la di dah, but I want to at least be treated like I'm welcome in the establishment.  The food was very meh - my Carbonara was over egged (over egging the pasta is now certainly going to be a stock phrase of mine) and relatively tasteless; a shame for my favourite pasta dish to be so carelessly treated. The girls' pizza looked good although it was served in the most confusing manner possible (toppings divided into quarters with them both getting two each?!) and I get the impression that the on site dough is probably one of the best things about this place.  The price however was reasonable with four of us eating for around £20, and if you're drunkenly stumbling by you'd be better spending a few quid on a pizza here than at a greasy kebab shop.  I'd be prepared to go back again and get the feeling that certain dishes there are probably spectacular. It's definitely the case that better service would almost certainly add another star to the above rating, on this occasion though we couldn't get out quick enough!
2 It's pouring with rain. It's 11pm. It's Sunday. We just wanted somewhere for a quick late night supper.  The first place we came across that was still open was Bar Napoli. Judging from the exterior and the décor inside, we assumed we wouldn't be treated to anything near haute cuisine - this place has a feel about it that suggests you're going to get average-to-ok food. And the menu is super-scarily-ridiculously long. They can't possibly prepare all those meals!  With this in mind, we opted two very simple dishes - ones that ought to be very hard to get wrong. And it was perfectly fine. Sure, the pizza was a bit bready, and perhaps our pesto pasta was just a touch on the oily side, but it really was a better option than the late night 'eateries' around the corner offering kebabs.   Surprisingly pleasant. Wouldn't think of coming here for an actual dinner though, but for a very late night supper, it's about right.
1 Having visited Bar Napoli twice in the last two or three years, I would not recommend this restaurant. My first visit saw myself and several girlfriends approach the busy restaurant due to it's handy location on Hanover Street. After a wait of around 15 minutes of which we were forced to stand right at the door blocking customers as they were leaving, we were seated by the drafty door. I believe I also recall the table being dirty for quite a long time before a waiter eventually came over to clean up. After ordering a simple pasta dish which was very bland (and came out almost cold) a couple of my friends were also disappointed with the quality of their meals. Preferring not to cause a fuss by complaining, we carried on eating what we could and asked for the bill. After almost 20 minutes of having to ask several times for the bill while the waiters stood around chatting to each other, we were almost at the point of leaving without paying, when they finally came with the bill. Needless to say there was no tip. After deciding to give them a second chance a year later, the second encounter with the restaurant was much the same if not worse. Our waiter was extremely rude and mixed up parts of our orders several times as it was evident he wasn't paying any attention to us. The food was yet again bland and almost cold. The vegetables looked almost to be off and tasteless. The only good thing I would say is that some of the prices are reasonable, but the quality is not worth even that. At the end of the day, we have all decided not to return to give them a third chance
4 Bar Napoli is a staple of all my visitor's Edinburgh experience. If you're looking for the best fine dining and Italian elegance, then Bar Napoli may not be for you. BUT if you're in the city centre and looking for a bit of little Italy, with welcoming Italian hospitality, a bustling open kitchen and a mountain of dishes to choose from - then this is your place.  The menu is so vast that it can be an experience in itself just choosing what you want - particularly recommended is the mussels with thick crusty bread, or something completely indulgent like the carbonara. And the service is warm and considerate. The food is simple, with some dishes being better than others, but I love going for the overall atmosphere and for some good old fashioned Italian comfort food.   One of the great features of this spot is that it is open until the wee small hours, and keeps serving until late even on a week day.
3 Went only once and basically there is one con (bad) and one pro (good). The good is that the pizza are very tasty and pretty large, the bad is that the waiters were not as desirable as I wished. Being a foreigner, they asked me from where I am, and then I was asked dozens of questions and actually wished to be left alone after the 6th question or so.  One thing which I was not used to was that I ordered a broth as a starter (again pretty good). The waiter asked me if I want some bread, and I replied yes. Then I found that I have been charged 1+Pound for 2 slices of bread. Usually these are free in my dining experience.   The place is not a kind of thing to take your girlfriend to propose, but not as bad as slumpy restaurant in Napoli! Yeah, the menu was at least 5000 words but I did not mind it, I was seated and comfy and in no hurry. Food took a normal reasonable time to be served.  The stuff, kind of, expected tips (which I gave) but remember that it is not as bad as in most Italy were some 2 Pounds tips (sometimes per person) are automatically included in the price as 'service charge'  Bella Italia!
4 I went again with my family this Xmas, and I am giving 4 stars (compared to my 3 star in a previous review) as this time most things went right. We had a super tasty pizza, very well cooked, crispy (perhaps too thin)  but complimented with many rich toppings. We did not left anything on the plate. The waiters were very busy this time so they did not spent much time questioning. We wanted some changes in the toppings, and were served as per request (it's not rare that waiters get changes in toppings wrong!)  There were many people and the tables were a bit too close to each other (a certain feel of lack of privacy) but I did not went to a romantic dinner!  The amount of noise was high as it seems there was a noisy group below and our table was close to the stairs, but that is called bad luck not bad service. Despite with many people, we got our pizzas in reasonable time, though the drinks came a bit late (and that do not require much time to serve).  The prices are reasonable good (ranging 7-8) and I have seen many pizzas in Edinburgh 8-10GBP, but in Malta 3-5 (5-7Eur)!   I have not surveyed many Pizzerias in Edinburgh, and I am pretty sure that one could find same taste and perhaps cheaper - but this Bar Napoli is a good option, and not far from Princes street.    4 stars well deserved for this time.
4 I have been going to this place for the last 20yrs (since I was a kitten). As far as I am aware they have never been closed for any environmental reasons although according to my mum they did receive a bomb threat from one of their Italian neighbours..  There are a number of mixed reviews so thought I would share mine-   I have only ever been at lunchtime. 12-3pm they do a fixed price 2 courses & ice cream real for £5.95 and house wine for under £10 a bottle...   It's real food and great value, recommend the spaghetti bolognaise  or pizza and sit upstairs.  A great place for a leisurely lunch on a Saturday  Connie & her husband also own Ciao peep & grande cru upstairs
4 Great little restaurant. I've been for parties, a quiet dinner and a food stop on the way home from a night out and it caters for all three really well.  Pizzas are thin and crispy, ingredients seem to be of a decent quality, and it's CHEAP. Their bruschetta are really nice too.
