4 Gurkha Brigade is not the most obvious eatery on Leith Walk, but is certainly not the worst.  It's predominantly a restaurant with plenty of clean and spaciously laid out table with a clean and friendly environment.  I went for their takeaway menu which, although quite expensive in comparison to other place in the area, was varied with plenty of different sauces, emats and vegetarian options.  I ordered the pork sungur which had incredibly tender chunks of meat in a spicy tomato and garlic sauce.  This, along with plain boiled rice and a coke came to about £10 which seemed steep at the time, but the food's quality made up for it without a doubt.   My friend ordered two starters of different pakoras which looked and - apparantly - tasted great.  We both agreed that it was worth a shot again, maybe next time after we get our student grants in though!
4 I'm not sure why this Nepalese restaurant opted for such a military style name, but it definitely catches the attention! It's quite unique, as it's the only restaurant of it's kind I've come across in Edinburgh;  what's more, it must feel a little lonely when you consider the numerous Italian restaurants in the area!   I'd always been told how unique Nepalese food is, given the country's location and a lack of a strong culinary presence in many countries, so we were excited to see what was on the menu. Any fans of Indian food will feel welcome here as I spotted pakora, naan, and curry dishes. I do have an inkling some of these more recognisable dishes may be on the menu so people aren't completely intimidated by the more foreign sounding dishes! Example: Machhaphucre wasa!  Though a lot of the dishes had equally cool names, I was familiar with most, if not all, of  the ingredients and was quite happy with my starters of Sandeko chicken (basically barbecued chicken) and Gurkha soup! I'll definitely have to be back to try one of their mains, which I have to say can be a little bit pricy!
3 I think if I'd got a takeaway from here, instead of eating in the restaurant, I might be giving it 4 stars and not 3. But I didn't, and I have to say I was a bit put off by the shabby feel to the place.  Don't get me wrong, the food was lovely. I think I prefer Nepalese food to Indian food beause it's a lot less greasy and stodgy, which I can certainly vouch for here. But given that there are a surprising number of Nepalese restaurants springing up in Edinburgh at the moment, like Yak & Yeti in Newington or The Gurkha in Morningside, this place can't really afford to be putting people off on the basis of first impressions.
4 FANTASTIC flavor, but awfully pricey for the American trying to stretch a weak dollar in Edinburgh.  I had a nice portion of naan, a DELICIOUS but small order of something the owner assured me was authentic Nepalese cuisine, and one beer.  With tip (which I know is not a requirement here) I dropped £20... my first night in Scotland.  That said, given the quality of the food, I imagine you can't go wrong here flavor-wise.  Add some very friendly service and this might be the kind of place you spring for when you wanna sit and enjoy a good meal with a group of friends on a night when you've done alright at the casino.
4 This place does appear, from the outside, to be a bit rough around the edges. However the service is friendly and the food is delicious.  I came here on a Groupon deal so I can't really comment on value for money, but the food we ordered (one starter, one main and a moderate portion of rice and naan) was enough to leave us satisfied without bursting at the seams. The sweet naan was really flavoursome and absolutely lovely. The mixed vegetable pakora looked beautifully colourful and was served with a unique tasting dipping sauce, although the tikka kebab starter was lacking slightly in the flavour department. The mains were all beautiful; garlic-y, tomato-y and slightly spicy.  To me, the appeal of this place is that they're offering something slightly different to the abundance of Indian food in Edinburgh. Nepalese seems to be quite similar yet slightly less greasy than Indian food. Although this place doesn't look as fancy as some of the surrounding restaurants, the food is lovely and proves that it's sometimes worth trying something new.
3 Dined here with a friend on a Sunday night. Only one other party there when we arrived around 6:30pm, so were seated promptly. We both ordered the pre-theatre special of 3 courses (starter, main, and dessert or tea/coffee) for £9.95. Quite a fair deal, and there was a good selection to choose from the options of starters and mains. The food was quite tasty, and nicely spiced. The only complaints were that the vegetables didn't seem super fresh, and the potatoes in the starter were a bit too oily. Other than that, it was an enjoyable experience and the staff were friendly and welcoming.
