4 I've been quite a harsh critic of Greggs in my previous reviews of some of their Glasgow branches. For the most part, I stick by my opinions that the staff are generally hostile, the food revolting, and that the continued success of the company will result in shorter lives for us all.  In a dramatic twist of fate though, this particular branch has provided me with a few pleasant surprises. I once managed to get a morning roll with proper crispy bacon, and their new cake, the maple pecan slice is approximately one hundred times tastier than anything else I've ever eaten from here.  Perhaps most shockingly of all, the staff were actually quite friendly and cheerful, despite their obvious feelings of misery. Good work Greggs.
4 I have always been a huge fan of Gregg's Mexican chicken oval bite, I did go off Greggs all together a while ago but my cravings for the oval bites are back with a vengence and I've been getting them for lunch every other day the past couple of weeks. At £1.90 they're very reasonable and surprisingly filling even though they're not that much too look at.   This branch is well stocked and has a good selection of cakes too, I got a super tasty Empire Biscuit the other week and the icing was super moist, yum!  Typical Greggs I guess but this one has a good selection and the staff are friendly too.
3 Greggs is one of the big bakery chains in Edinburgh.   Things going for this particular store: -central -cheap food (with good meal deals) -fast service  This not so good: - bad location in front of a busy bus stop - It's quite small for the flow of business it receives and ques at lunch time (all the way outside!) - rude service (although quite understandable with the variety of often rude clientele) - There are other more interesting sandwich places quite close by.   These basically some up my points. It's ideal if you are hungry and need a snack immediately then head here for something warm and satisfying. The cupcakes are fairly decent as well.
4 Woahhhh the cheapness of Greggs sends me in to a frenzy!  In the beginning of my stay in Edinburgh, I expected the quality to be sub-par, because how else can one explain a sausage role for £0.58! It's crazy that one can buy a sizeable snack at Greggs even if all you have in your pocket is a little jingle jingle..  Apart from the sausage rolls, which are pretty awesome, I'm a big fan of the cheese and onion pasty, as well as the ham and cheese bake. I can't count the number of times I've snuck a Gregg's pastry into the school library. Then there's the sweet counter, with lots of cupcakes and muffins!   Greggs is about 70 years old, and is a chain bakery, with several outlets in Edinburgh. The only issue I have is that as busy as they are, the shops are quite small with lines sometimes extending to the door! However, service is extremely quick, albeit impersonal.   For what they sell, and at the price they do, I'm definitely a grateful fan.
5 Oh Greggs. I owe you one.  I've lost count of the amount of times this place has sorted me out. It's hangover food essentially, but damn good hangover food!! They have brilliant sandwiches that are all made fresh daily, and their cakes are yummy. Their sausage rolls are what save my life.  This place is almost always full of students, looking for their fix. It's always busy, and the staff are lovely. You can't really go wrong with Greggs.
