4 After deciding to visit Edinburgh during December, I tried to find a hotel that was well-located and well-priced with comfortable rooms and Jury's Inn definitely fit the bill! I was beyond pleased with the rooms (really big with a great view!), the location (2 minutes from the Royal Mile) and the price. My only complaint was the internet was an additional charge. I would definitely stay here again!
3 The location of this hotel is prime - just up to close to the Royal Mile.  It's the first time I've stayed that close to the Royal Mile, and I have to say, the convenience was superb.  The price was ok, not the best deal of the trip, but we got a discount booking online, so it didn't break the bank either.  The room was a standard hotel room with twin beds, though a bit musty, probably from the lack of a fan in the shower room and the general dampness of the city.    The thing about the hotel that irked me the most was the outrageous price for internet access.  Customers can recieve wifi in the lobby at £10 per day or ethernet in their rooms for the same price.  The computers in the lobby are £1 per 20min.  I would have chosen £10 per day (though not been happy about it) if there was wireless in the room and I could access it without having to return to the lobby.  As it ended up, we had to book various tours and hotel rooms online and ended up spending about £6 per day on the lobby computers.  I feel that at the point we are with technology, hotels need to be supplying internet access to customers for free or for a discount...if they choose to charge such high amounts, make sure they are accessible everywhere in the hotel.  All in all, the wifi didn't kill the hotel for me - it's still 'A-OK,' but next time I return, I will probably forgo the location for a spot with free wifi and a bathroom with a fan.  Recommended for travelers who want to be close to the action without paying a fortune.
2 Fairly grim overall, as is normal for this chain.  Furnishings and equipment are all very cheap.  Clean and cheap.
4 It's not charming or atmospheric, but it's bang in the middle of Edinburgh.  All the touristy highlights are at your doorstep.  The rooms are clean, modern and comfortable.  Service is friendly, and breakfast is pretty good for a buffet.  This will serve you well as a tourist--very well priced considering the location and the quality.
2 Location is about all this place has to offer, as it is near to everything - the old and new sides of the city.  The breakfast (which was included in the costs we prepaid through our travel agent) was good, one of the better ones of our trip. Scotland drove us crazy with the "key card must be in the slot otherwise the electricity won't work" and this was the first place we discovered that joy.  Oh but it's "green" design.  Well guess what, we can turn off lights and the TV in America ourselves, but not everyone does that so those ruiners ruined it for the rest of us.  Now we have "green" design.  Thanks. Not. The shower/tub was a really weird high step and it was almost impossible to not get the bathroom completely wet when taking a shower.  The water was intermittently scalding.  Our room was along the side of the building adjacent to hotel trash bins and we got to hear that lovely noise all night and morning, banging lids.  They were also hosting one of the Fringe events here so there was a lot of elevator traffic. The staff were nice about putting our valuables away in the safe, which was in the lobby.  I would recommend this, seems to be a sketchy area. Our "nonsmoking" room REEKED of smoke.  Gross.  Room incredibly humid after 2 showers, no A/C.  I would not stay here again.
3 Central location A hidden path to the mile Watch out for large groups
3 Clean mais cheap. Salle de bain propre mais digne d'un 2* d'Afrique du nord.  Super localisation à proximité de tout.  15£ l'adaptateur électrique pour charger mon phone, à la réception. La vague impression de se faire arnaquer...
4 Very happy with my stay at Jury's Inn and couldn't have picked a better place to stay while in Edinburgh. Located right off the Royal Mile in Old Town, you're right in the center of great restaurants, pubs and night life. You're also 5 minutes walk away from Princes Street and New Town if you're interested in some shopping or a bit less touristy food and nightlife. Since you're so centrally located, there is no need for taxis saving you that little bit of extra money which can be better spent on coffees and pints.   Breakfast and a free paper of your choice included each morning. Free wifi and a check out of 12pm. Lounge, coffee shop and residents bar all onsite. Great deals on food if you're staying in the hotel.   I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone coming to Edinburgh!
