1 The only thing worthwhile about this restaurant are the beautiful views of Edinburgh.  I was so excited to eat at this place.  Unfortunately, it was our last night in Edinburgh, we were saving this as a special farewell treat.  We should have saved our money.  The food was mediocre at best.  The staff was attentive, but this doesn't count for anything when they can't serve food to equal service.
3 i wanted to love this restaurant.. the views of the castle and edinburgh are quite beautiful.. but the service and food was quite lacking..   the dishes were quite tiny.. but the duck appetizer was delicious
3 This was the first place I ever went for a swanky meal in Edinburgh, and although it was a lovely meal I have to say I certainly wouldn't be hurrying back again if I were paying the bill!  That's why I'm only giving it 3 stars - although you expect to pay a certain amount in a nice restaurant, I did feel that the prices here were a little excessive. Although now they've brought in a pre-theatre early bird menu for £16.95, if you're eating from the a la carte menu in the evening you can expect to pay £35-40 per head without drinks.  That said, the food was still very good. I went for the Smoked eel, Toasted Rye, Mustard Mayo and Cornichon Salsa for starters followed by the Guinea Fowl with Walnut Stuffing, Squash Purée and Wilted Kale. Although everything was cooked perfectly and presentation was impeccable, you don't have to be a genius to be able to see that the menu does sound a little bit unnecessarily pretentious.  There were however some things that made this restaurant stand out, and why I thought about awarding it 4 stars. For one, it's perched on top of the National Museum and so the views over the city are second to none, especially if you're there at sunset like I was. If you're there for lunch then a wander through the museum at the end is always a good way to walk off your meal.  Also, although I found it odd that service wasn't included in the prices, little things like not needing to ask for your coat at the end as it's already being held out for you to put on - or even to remind the staff which one is yours - definitely score brownie points.  If you're the kind of foodie who's main concern is being seen in the 'right' restaurants, then this is your kind of place. If you're the kind of foodie who genuinely loves great food and wine, I'd definitely pay this place a visit at some point but I wouldn't put it at the top of your list.
3 The Tower is part of the same group as The Witchery, the self proclaimed best restaurant in Edinburgh. Whether they actually are the best restaurants in Edinburgh is debateable.  A small group of us went here for a friends 21st. Located on top of the Museum of Scotland, this restaurant has fantastic views. That is where the fantastic ends.  "Excuse me waiter but someone has eaten half my food."  Oh wait, it is just one of those super pretentious places where you need a magnifying glass to look at your overpriced food. Maybe I wouldn't have minded so much if the food had been out of this world, but it wasn't. Comparing it to the Michelin starred Number One, this restaurant falls way behind.  Another negative point was the restaurant was so damn quiet that whenever any of us girls got up to the toilet in our heels all you could hear was "clunk clunk clunk'' on the wooden floor.   Sadly I found this experience a little disapointing.
3 We stayed in Edinburgh for 3 nights and picked the Tower for our "classy dinner" night.  While the views of the castle were amazing, the food fell somewhat flat.  I ordered off the 3 course menu and had a gnocchi appetizer, chicken with pancetta main, and cheese and chutney dessert.  My boyfriend had steak and potatoes with a peanut butter chocolate dessert.  The gnocchi was nothing special, my chicken dish was probably the star of the night, and the cheese and chutney was not so great.  My boyfriend's steak was so tiny it was almost comical, the potatoes and his dessert were the winners in his dinner.  Although the views were great, the food was unimpressive and overpriced, Edinburgh has tons of other renowned restaurants I would try before going back to Tower.
4 The Tower has had a pretty high flying reputation in Edinburgh, as far as restaurants go, for a good few years now. Knowledge to have before you book a table here is that it is pricier than most, but I don't think it's too extortionate considering it's clearly aimed at the higher end of the market, plus there are a fair few restaurants in Edinburgh that operate on similar price levels, and I do think Edinburgh can be a pretty expensive city in general.  I had a meal at the Tower for my birthday a while back, and was unsure what to expect, aside from brillant views across Edinburgh, which the venue certainly delivers. Can't beat a fantastic view on a good day while you're eating your food, so that elevates the experience before you've really started to analyse the meal. I went for the juicy and mostly always satisfying steak option, which was slightly more well done than I would have liked, however I think this was because I asked for it to be cooked medium, when I really should have asked for it to be rare. I think it was more a shift in the way I like to eat a steak, than an inaccurate cooking judgment on the restaurant's part. I enjoyed the sultry, nicely mood lit atmosphere of the Tower, and would recommend it for anyone who likes their dinner date with sweeping views.
4 I had heard brilliant things before I came her, so was expecting the most amazing experience ever. My experience.....meh!  It's in a great location, you can't deny it. I was really impressed on the way up, I had no idea it was here! It's lovely inside and is really impressive to look at....but meh.  The menu was really impressive, drizzled in this and sautéed in that, .....meh!!  The price was through the roof as expected. Staff were really friendly and OTT. Overall it's a lovely place and good food....but meh
4 First off I will say I find most food in the UK awful so had low expectations wandering around Edinburgh city center after work on recent business trip. My taxi driver had suggested the Witchery but warned me I probably couldn't get in without a reservation. He was right and the first table they had was 10.15pm :( But the Witchery host suggested their sister restaurant the Tower located at the top of the Museum of Scotland. Seemed more my speed as while we were talking everyone going into the Witchery was in their 60s. Went to the Tower restaurant and had a great meal. Started with what I will fondly remember as one of the best martinis ever. The oysters were awesome as was the grilled salmon and veggies. Dessert was a fruit tart - very unmemorable and don't remember the fruit. The space is very cool and overall would highly recommend the place if you're a tourist and looking for a nice place for dinner as it is on the steep side.
3 My wife and I went here looking for a classy meal for a reasonable price. What we got was a pretentious atmosphere in mostly the wrong way and food that was only so-so.   We came for the theater dinner which meant that it was only mildly expensive as opposed to exorbitantly expensive, but also meant that the place was nearly empty, which in addition to being somewhat creepy meant that we got much more "attention" than we wanted.  The small fried fish which I got as an appetizer was too salty to really be consumed and the white fish that I had as an entree was bland and somewhat unsatisfying. I much preferred the hot tatties that we got the following night for literally 1/10th the price.
3 In terms of being well fed I can't fault The Tower  my one course of partridge breast, bacon & veg was enough to dissuade me from tackling a dessert as well (although that said I managed a bit of each of those that everyone else ordered so can advise that the chocolate mousse and whatever the steamed pudding was were both good and that the stilton needed a third oatcake). My steak knife could though have done with being sharperas the breast required a fair bit of sawing through once or twice. The Saturday before Valentine's Day was always likely to be busy I suppose and the staff were clearly kept going all evening. Being seated in the first banquette by the entrance we were afforded the opportunity to overhear their moans about each other and their admonishments for poor timekeeping, which made for an inclusive touch. The service on the whole was attentive and at times mildly pretentious as noted by previous reviewers (some of the other diners clearly fell into the pretentious camp too of course) but was let down badly at the end of the night when it took nearly ten minutes to locate two of our five coats. It should also be made clearer that upon arrival you're expected to advise the security guards of which booking you are, rather than have them get shirty.
2 I feel that this place is overpriced. I can't complain about the service. The waiters/waitresses are all very polite, but for the price I'm paying there I'd expect to have much better food.  It appeared to me as if they're sacrificing too much from quality to cut their costs. I'll give a simple example. The olives they bring as a starter are cheap pitted ones that taste like rubber. Order olives at the Outsider (George IV Bridge) and you'll see the difference.  Anyways, I'm not too worried about the quality of olives, but as a whole I've had much better food at much lower prices in Edinburgh. They've got a nice view of the castle, though:)
1 Ugh!  Husband and I tried this place on vacation, it looked promising when we first arrived.  We ordered cokes although they were really pushing the wine.  Husband had a tomato salad which came quickly and he enjoyed.  His main course was pea soup, I ordered eggs benedict (it sounded good because I had skipped breakfast).  It didn't come, and it didn't come, and our waiter was nowhere to be seen. After 40 minutes husband flagged down another server to check on our food and, voila!, it came right away.  He said his soup was mediocre at best, while my eggs Benny was terrible, the eggs were barely poached, still runny whites even, and the meat texture reminded me of jerky, and the whole thing had a really sour taste.  This is the worst meal we have had since arriving in Scotland.  Very disappointing!
3 Afternoon tea deal is worth a look. £35 for 2 including a glass of bubbly each. Stunning view of the castle (if you get the right seats, limited view from some that are blocked by "the tower"). Staff were busy preparing tables for Valentines night so weren't as attentive towards the end of our visit as they were when greeting us on arrival.
4 At first sight this place looked so pretentious that I spent almost five mins before to decide to get in.  I was visiting the National Museum and, after exploring the beautiful sections focused on the earliest human settlements and on the incredible journey of the Scottish platform throughout the whole emisphere, I went to the last floor, to have a break before going to meet the Vikings and the other sections and hosted collections.  After looking at the tables, the maitre, the waiters and mainly felt the chilly athmosphere, my first intention was to jump in the lift, running away as soon as possible.  My curiosity, instead, forced me to read the menu. There I found a couple of dishes that hooked me: Scottish Langoustine Salad and Haggis Neeps and Tatties. It was already sunday morning and after three full days in Edinburgh I was still missing my first taste of Haggis!  Then I went in.  The Langoustine Salad came with all the machinery of the case. The langoustine was fair, but nothing special. The best part was the veggie side: a surprisingly fresh and vary and tasty salad. The Haggis was breadcrumbed and deep fried, served in three quenelle-shaped pieces on three islands of thick mashed tatties and three sticks of turnips. Good, good and funny.  The haggis taste was unexpected to me. In my hometown there are several recipes with almost the same ingredients, but the result is very different and the flavour is more on the "rough" side of the scale.  During the lunch I also noticed some useful breaks in the rigid and formal attitude of the waiters. When needed, also the maitre successfully helped them to make the customers' staying more comfortable. This place may become by far more attractive and cosy, if they would be motivated to take their potential to a more flexible and friendly level (especially at lunch).  I was almost deciding to calculate the vote following Rayan D's average: 4 for the food + 2 for the place = 3 stars, but the beautiful views over the city and the castle easily balanced some useless formalism, so my final result is still 4 :)
3 Cocktail in the sunshine!  Through the Tower restaurant's floor-to-ceiling windows is a view of Edinburgh in all its stony beauty. The restaurant is located on the fifth-floor terrace above the Museum of Scotland. Drag your eyes away from the view outside and there's a whole landscape of well-sourced Scottish produce on the menu: hand-dived scallops, Pork loins, lobster, beef, heritage potatoes, and so on.  Haggis bon bons with your crispy squid and a home made pork pie while moules mariners are very well cooked and reminiscent of summer holidays in the Vendee. The poached pear and crème brulees are a lovely end to the meal as the sun sets...  The only problem is that the food isn't quite as good as it should be. It has so much promise and sounds so tasty but it just misses hitting the nail on the head in the way so many other Edinburgh havens do. Having eaten at all the sister restaurants of the group I do feel the food is sub standard to their offerings and would always favour the Witchery or Prestonfield. Lovely view though and a great spot for a cocktail if not a little pricey.
4 Lovely tea service, excellent service, and very pleasant/elegant atmosphere. I had a table with a great view of Edinburgh Castle. Free wifi is available-ask for the password.
4 this place is beautiful, came here for a romantic dinner was lovely views of the castle - the only thing is that if you're sitting with your back to it you don't get to see much which is a little rubbish! they could rearrange the chairs and tables so everyone can see the stunning views! the food was great, as was expected and there was a waiter for every course - including for the bread, and the wine. it was great service.
4 We had one of the best tables in the house for our dinner here. We were sat right by the window with a perfect view of the castle. We ended up coming to the Tower after the Witchery pushed our reservation back to 10:30 pm. I'm glad we came to the Tower instead. The food was quite delicious and they had a good selection of wine. Very pleasant experience.
