4 Whether you're looking for a few cocktails, afternoon tea or a full three-course meal, Browns is definitely among the best that George Street has to offer.  We went for the early evening Prix Fixe menu, offering us two courses for £12.95, from an extremely attractive and varied menu, with the option to upgrade to £14.95 for those with more premium tastes.  The food was delicious, there was an even spread of meat-based and vegetarian dishes to choose from for both courses. I opted for the Baby Spinach, Avocado and Bacon salad for starter followed by the Monkfish wrapped in Prosciutto for main course (from the £14.95 selection)... I was not disappointed!  Although the cocktails may be a tiny bit on the pricey side, the first-rate service, great food and relaxing yet stylish ambience created by the live pianist made an excellent and highly-recommendable combination for roughly £20-25 a head.  I will be heading back there soon to sample their Brunch and Afternoon Tea menu...
4 This is another restaurant my lovely Grandmother has treated me to lunch at.  The location on George Street is the first indication it will be a little expensive. But unlike a lot of the overly trendy bars and restaurants on George Street, Browns is actually worth it. The decor is charming, its very light and charming. The staff are attentive and well trained.   The menu ranges from salads to steaks, but most dishes are very interesting and the descriptions make your mouth water. It took us both a long time to decide. I went for the Chargrilled Chicken Salad  which was complimented nicely with pear and pine nuts. It was fresh and delicious. There is also a great cocktail menu, but we didn't try any.  I would probably return here on a special occasion as it is quite expensive. However there is usually some great deals available from their website.
4 If there's one thing I can say about Browns it is this - reliable. It was one of the few places on George Street that didn't take reservations (although it has just started to) so you can walk in whenever you like and get a table. I recently came here after a long drive, at 9.30pm thinking the kitchen would be closed (as it was a Tuesday night) but I was greeted with great enthusiasm and invited to look at the menu within minutes of arriving. I asked for the fish of the day - a fish pie, which was delicious. I was even given a poached egg following a conversation with the waiter - it's the small things! The fish pie came with tempura prawns as the chef decided he wanted to play around with the dish, which I loved.  Their cocktails are really nice too, a bit pricey, but good. Their menu is really extensive and they do a brilliant brunch which I highly recommend. Again, there can only be one word for Browns - reliable.
4 During my only visit to Brown's, one memory sticks out above all others.  A 50 year old woman, in fishnets, taking a photo of all the empty martini glasses that she and her cackling coven had guzzled their way through on a Wednesday afternoon.  This perhaps tainted what seems to be a good if not amazing venue, which can't seem to work out if it's a style bar, a wine bar, a traditional bar, or a restaurant.  This jack of all trades ethos isn't necessarily a bad thing though, as amongst much of the skankhuts on George Street it does have a nice, if slightly processed feel that makes it seem formal yet casual at the same time, and a suitable venue for both a fancy cocktail and a cheese ploughmans.  On that note, I've never eaten here, but did like the look of the menu. Chances are I'll go back one day.
4 This restaurant is located in the more upmarket area of Edinburgh and at lunch time primarily has business clientele. My uncle took me here on his recent visit up to Edinburgh. The food is very good, their dishes are mostly Mediterranean inspired. I really liked their risotto I had but the waiter said that they seasonally change their menu.   It's very large inside but I would recommend booking a table for a Friday-weekend night, and is more for a fancy occasion rather than a quick bite. It certainly is a highlight in George Street dining.
4 I have only been here fleetingly on a lunch time, so I have to say my knowledge of Browns is limited to a 1.5 hour period around lunchtime, and not the night time dining Browns also does.  I'm pleased to say, that Browns was excellent - its food seemed to be very medditeranian influenced, although there were a few suprises on the menu that I though might have been a bit out of place. The drinks were well priced, but I did get the impression that the food was a little expensive, but I didnt expect it to be cheap saying as we were on George Street.  Browns itself is modern, clean and crisp - with a nice atmosphere, and friendl staff.
4 Brunch-i-licious!! Still my favourite place to go on a Sunday lunchtime, ok with the exception of Cafe Grand In Bruntsfield, this place you can always count on to deliver.  All I need when I arrive is my Sunday Times, add to that a glass of fresh orange, eggs benedict and finished off with a pot of earl grey and I am one happy man.  What I really love there is the fact most the staff have been there for the three years I have lived here and always have a smile and a fiendly hello for you. Its well managed the staff know their areas and are never flustered.  Favourite moment there ever was my girlfriend of the time looking startled and saying look theres that old politician guy, after 20 questions I turned round to see the distinguished Ming Campbell who she had decided was either John Cleese or John Major but his name was John for sure.........!  But seriously for brunch, lunch or an informal meal you are always garaunteed a good meal.  Point of order: avoid the back area on a Sunday if you have a hangover it doesn tend to filll with parents with small babies making a lot of noise!
5 I was in Edinburgh on business and found this establishment very pleasant and comfortable. The skylights give it a nice 'tearoom' feel to it, but it IS half bar and half restaurant.  I was the mid Saturday afternoon and just had a bar snack.  There is a kind of tapas option in the bar snacks section, and there was a three for two offer on that. Buttered King Prawns, crab on Ciabatta  and chicken and chorizo skewers were all delicious and filling.   There was a jazz trio playing some live instrumental music which gave the place an even nicer ambience to it. Overall the drink selection, and the tasty food, were not too expensive in comparison to city centre prices.  I'd recommend a visit to this pub and will visit it again should ever get the chance to come back.
4 Excellent stop for brunch.  Had the eggs benedict.  Great flavor, executed well.  Looked like everyone was enjoying the food they were turning out in the kitchen.  Good service.
4 There's something very comfy about eating at Browns; it isn't too clink clink, but has the service and attention to detail that makes it welcoming no matter whether you're in with a date or work colleagues for lunch.    Don't miss deserts, especially the crepes and if you can't get a table right away, have a drink at the bustling wee bar.
4 I like Brown's. Now I love little independent restaurants, but as a chain, Brown's delivers time and time again.  My love affair with Brown's started in Covent Garden a few good years ago. Great food, great surroundings and reasonably priced too but not available north of the border :-(   The Covent Garden place seems to show off their default business model and when I arrived in Edinburgh, it was the first restaurant I took visitors to.  I've been for food a good few times and service and quality is consistent. Sign up to friends of Brown's and you can get sent various, great value deals.   This weekend it was for drinks only. A new work colleague was visiting Edinburgh for a few days and we decided to meet for a drink so I could give him the lowdown on Edinburgh living. It was pouring of rain but we decided to meet in George Street.  Then I started to panic. Yep, Scottish weather is horrific and it was bouncing off the streets. And its graduation ball weekend so bars would be full of pissed, glammed up students (maybe some of mine). Where was going to be great for having a couple of drinks, a chat and in civilised surroundings? Brown's was my saviour. I knew the new colleague was a man who liked his ale (CAMRA membership) and the Caley 80 on tap at Brown's would fit the bill.   We had a great chat and Brown's was good. Yep, it was busy but we got a table easy enough. Bar service was efficient and we weren't being hassled to leave or keep ordering more drinks so a pleasant drink turned into being there till closing time.
1 Very disppointed!!!  On a sunny Tuesday afternoon my lady and I were in need of wine and nibbles. We thought Browns would be nice so sat and awaited service. 10 minutes past and nobody came so I popped in grabbed menus and the waitress said she would be along in a few minutes. 10 minutes passed....still no service.  So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon! Wont be back anytime soon, Edinburgh has too many places for them to get away with service like that!  ADDITION: credit to Browns - I passed on my feedback and they have invited me to come back and try again on them!
4 We had been planning on going for brunch for sometime now and had  a few places on our list! We decided on Browns cause they serve eggs benedict til 12 everyday.  First off the waitresses were very nice and the place was jumping. They were quite busy but did their best and served us in a timely manner. I went for the eggs benedict and my honey went for the eggs royale. He loved his meal and I coudln't get enough of mine! We were both in heaven with our respective eggs. We also got a wee plate of toast and fruit bowl for wee one. To be honest they forgot the fruit bowl and we would probably have been very annoyed by that but she was fine with the toast and we weren't bothered with the fruit bowl so when it did come, which was after we had finished our meals, we sent it back. The waitress was very apologetic and nice about it and I think she got to eat it so no harm done.   Overall the brunch/breakfast plates we had were delicious. We were very happy with them and are definitely planning on returning.
4 Visited here for breakfast, and we were suitably impressed. I had ham and eggs, and a friend had Eggs Benedict. The atmosphere was maybe a little quiet and high-brow for a breakfast setting, but its a friendly and welcoming place. Didn't want to talk too loud though! Would definitely recommend it as a breakfast venue if you're in the area (don't be put off by the lack of a breakfast menu outside - they have a decent selection!)
4 to start, this review is based purely on my consumption of cocktail delights!!  however the first cold friday in december saw me and my work team headed for our xmas lunch and night out.  being the awesome people we are the decision was made to leave the office early and head to brown's for some of their awesome cocktails!  and awesome they were!  first off they have a HUGE list to choose from!  and it's not just your classic combinations (which you can also get), but champange cocktails and signature cocktails and autograph cocktails oh my!  having a quick read of the menu at work i immeditaly decided on a pretty in pink!  for two reasons, it had prosecco and it was named after my favourite colour.  perhaps a silly reason to choose a drink but this was certainly an excellent choice.  the cocktail was bubbly from the prosecco, sweet from the sugar cube, and had a wee kick from the orange vodka!  i'd definitely recommend it!  i also had a sip of the rivoting rasberry which was very good as well.  sadly we only had time for  two drinks before heading off to dinner, but i noticed that they offer their cocktails for £5 from wednesday to sunday so i think i will definitely be back to sample some more!
5 This place delivers a magnificent brunch. We decided it would be the perfect brunch to end the year and were not disappointed. I of course ordered my fave, eggs benny and they were creamy, toasty, eggy love. The honey smoked ham is sooo good my mouth is watering as I write this.  The man ordered the brioche french toast with caramelized bananas which was REALLY GOOD but a very small portion. And to be fair it wasn't really what I consider to be french toast. But who cares, it was FABULOUS. It made my mouth explode with flavors of maple syrup, candied bananas, and cinnamon. All things I love, dearly.   If I could request ONE thing from Browns, which would make my brunch absolute PERFECTION, would be freshly squeezed orange juice. Overall this place is becoming one of our favorite brunch places.
4 This is a fabulous choice for cocktails. I came here with a group of hens for a friend's weekend and was pretty bowled over by the drinks on offer. On Sundays they offer their signature cocktails for £5 in the afternoon, which is a seriously good deal considering the quality of cocktails. There's also a guy playing the grand piano - nice!  We also had the afternoon tea and were duly presented with sandwiches, warm scones and cakes. For £7 a head it was good value, but the quantity of food is on the small side, so make sure to eat your lunch before popping along for your tea and cakes! My mistake was in not eating before arriving.   To plug the gap I had some chips - they were amazing! The best chips I've had for ages and ages. They came wrapped up like a chip shop poke and were so tasty I would have happily ordered another plate. Yum!
2 My company decided to reward us hard workers with a night on the town, and they picked Browns as the restaurant for dinner.  I'd never been but was super excited- drinks and meal that I don't have to pay for sweet!  How can you go wrong?!  And I absolutely hate having to say that I really wish they had chosen somewhere else.    I've never been to Browns before but the interior is beautiful.  Very classy.  The cocktails and drinks we had were amazing- absolutely perfect.  I ordered the vodka martini and it was perfect.  THE perfect martini.  Everyone else in my group were really happy with their drinks as well.  And then the food arrived, and that's when things went downhill.  We started with the sharing platter and it was just a bunch of food thrown on a plate.  It didn't look appealing or tasty, it was just there.  I've had better.  For the mains we ordered duck, lobster, steak, and salmon (hey we weren't paying, and isn't the saying go big or go home).  The duck was extremely fatty and covered in layers of grease.  Now duck is usually fatty, but the amount of grease on this plate was out of control.  The lobster tail was small and covered in so much butter you could barely taste the natural flavours.  My coworker who ordered the salmon couldn't even eat it, she said it was so terrible.  And my boss had the steak.  She ordered it medium and it came out blood rare.  The server took it back to get it cooked up; it came back 30 minutes (30 minutes!!) later burned to a crisp.  It was really disappointing.    I always try places twice if I didn't like it the first time, so I'll go back for the food again.  And I'll definitely go back for cocktails, because they really were fantastic (also apparently they do drink deals at certain times).  The service was fantastic, I have to say.  But for everything that was right during our evening, it was just disappointing that the food was so wrong.
4 Hadn't been for ages and we were on George Street on Friday night when I took a notion for some comfort food to warm us up - any excuse to get out of the freezing cold on Friday night.   We popped into Browns, it wasn't too busy at 7pm on Friday which was a nice surprise and meant that the service was superquick - the food arrived before our drinks! I had the steak and guiness pie with mash and the boy had a pasta dish.  Both were lovely and we shared a nice bottle of red. The icing was definitely the chocolate brownies for desert. Huge and delicious.  We shared two - one dark chocolate and the white chocolate and raspberry one. I will definitely go back.
3 Went to Browns for a late lunch today (a Saturday). At 2:30pm, I couldn't believe how busy it was - the restaurant was almost completely full!  There was a mixture of families, couples and even a hen's do. It is a lovely setting with natural light coming in from the ceiling windows and lots of greenery.  It was rather noisy though. I liked the look of the menu, a little bit fine dining, with a few classics as well.  However, for the price, I was rather disappointed with my main of sea bass fillet with sweet potato, roasted courgettes, red onion and black olive dressing for £10.  The waiter had informed that this was a small meal, so if I was really hungry to order a side too.  So, I also ordered some green beans, which were literally just a pot of steamed green beans with no dressing or anything, yet still cost £2.50! All of my vegetables were underdone and the fish was just average.  It still tasted nice, but I feel like I could have cooked the dish better myself.  My friend had fish and chunky hand cut chips, which I'm told was nice, but a bit steep at £12.50 and likewise with the drinks.  I liked the setting, so would possibly go back for drinks, but not for food.
4 Great lobster tagliatelle and they have an offer on cocktails: Cosmo and berry martini are great at £5 only! Really good location on George street too.
5 Tremendous. I've been coming here off and on for 10+ years.   New Years Eve. I've arrived on speck and they had a lovely table for me. The matrádi   was fab. All staff moving swiftly never colliding, it's almost a ballet. I love the bussers are in all black and carry the pristine tubs up on their shoulders. Such detail, such finesse!!  Everything has run swimmingly. The part I like best is when the waiter comes, after placing your meal down, to check everything is ok after 10 mins. This moment is so often missed. It is one of the reasons I go to 4 star restaurants.    The atmosphere is fun here and full of laughter but at that volume in which you know other patrons know there are others at tables. Consciousness. I adore it.   Can't wait to come again.  Shame I didn't know about Yelp else I would have told you of the late afternoon tea I had with two different friends here in the last  6 months.   The far area is best with the super high ceilings.  Gorgeons l'y decorated with Green plants   A treasure is to be discovered here.   Ps loving the children. The 2nd 5+.  Beautifully behaved. A delight.
5 I live around the corner from browns and often look for a place to do a bit of work on the laptop, have some breakfast and a coffee.  Browns has been amazing on my last few visits. I particularly like the simple scrambled eggs, toast and smoked salmon. The coffee is well made and not your atypical restaurant coffee.  Evidently I am not the only one, often see people doing the same or having a morning meeting over breakfast.  The service is friendly and attentive (especially for someone who'll come in for a breakfast and linger for a couple of hours!).  So if you're looking for a place for a breakfast meeting, or just need a space to send some emails over some tasty food, Browns is a great bet.
4 Just half way thru my delish meal and wine.    Tell you more later!!  Later......  Divine time here as always. Manager so lovely. Came a chatted with me. There is a true skill, albeit busy, but giving the impression you have all the time in the world for quality conact. Star manager.   I've been many times after horses and stay in bar area as I usually have a big bag . I am served by the bartender with the same 5 star manner as table waiters. Lovely.   I'll be returning. Hopefully not dressed like a farm hand/ horse groom as today. :)  Thankyou Browns.   PS. Oh and I loved my crab prawn linguine. I easily could have had it again!!  So moreish! I contained myself!  The portion size was perfect. Beautiful presentation and all the coriander Mmmmm and lime! mmmmm
