3 Currently operating a 2 for £10.95/3 for £13.95 (both incl. glass of house wine) deal this was a busy establishment, with a good selection of well priced wines.    Service was good and the food (farmhouse veg soup, black pudding, bacon & beetroot salad followed by chicken with mash)well cooked and tasty.
4 The early supper deal is very good.  The fish was excellent and the service good.  For dinner, a reservation is recommended.  There are tables outside where you can be seated if the restaurant is full.
4 Three of us rocked up at 9:10pm, looking for a relatively quick dinner before a 10pm meeting. It didn't take us too long to order, but unfortunately the entree dish initially got missed. The staff were helpful enough, brought it out as quickly as possible, and made it clear we wouldn't be charged for it, which was a nice touch. The rest of the dishes appeared in good time.  Most importantly, everything was delicious - the lamb, the rabbit, the chicken saltimbocca, and the wood pidgeon. Nice environment, friendly staff. It's just a shame we couldn't stay to try the desserts.
4 The Olive Branch is my local, friendly and consistently lovely neighbourhood bistro, I feel quite spoilt (and smug) about the fact that it's practically on my doorstep. The large windows flood the place with light, if I'm not dining I enviously glance in whilst I'm passing by. Inside it's not a very large space and the tables are pretty close together, I don't really mind this so much as meals here tend to be intimate tete a tete kind of affairs - I'm not sure I would come here with a large group of people. The exposed brick work gives the place a modern feel, without seeming like they've tried too hard. The food is simple and unfussy, always tasty and good. This is one of the few places I can eat out at and feel relatively healthy afterwards.
4 I used to walk past here all the time and glare in the window at the people eating. Very rude, I know but the food always looked so good.   So when my Dad came through for one of those visits where parents come to make sure their student children are actually still alive and are living somewhere half decent, I suggested he take me here as a treat. Such a delightful child. The service was good, the waitress was quite friendly and quick with the old order and food. She brought us this huge jug of water filled with various green bits, which I very much appreciated as we didn't have to ask. Note to other restaurants- bring water to the table! I had a Burger which was juicy and meaty and went down a treat. My Dad munched away on some fish which we was very happy with. The menu is pretty varied but comes across quite fresh and light, I kept spying dishes going to neighbours and feeling a little jealous.   But my meal was great and reasonably priced too. Definitely be back.
4 A really great place to sit outside on a summers night. They are open quite late and the staff are extremely friendly.  It is a bistro and you will be paying slightly higher prices, but the food is great anyways. If anyone knows whats in the salad dressing please let me know, the waitress wouldn't tell me!
4 Let me just get this out the way first - I'm not a fan of olives.  But I soon learned that you don't have to be to dine at the Olive Branch Bistro - they have a varied enough menu to suit all palates!  For a bistro it's very fancy, as the girls have mentioned. But you are in an area that would attract people who appreciate fine food and who am I to argue with how awesome their options are? With tasteful, neutral surroundings that are comfy as well as being high class, it really is more like a restaurant, although feels more like a bistro at breakfast time. They do everything from crispy, warm croissants at reasonable prices to massive fry ups (which are actually healthier than most I've pumped into my body in my lifetime), not to mention an abundance of veggie options!  For lunch, they do a variety of dishes that range from meats to seafood. They are on the pricier side but you are paying for quality and the food tastes like it's good for you.   With that in mind, it's the kind of place you can eat in style. With well cooked food that is brimming with nutrients, you shouldn't feel bad for spoiling yourself with a meal from here once in a while.
4 Tasty, decent, and not too expensive would sum this place up in a sentence. But seeing as I'm not limited to a sentence, I'll go on.  A Bistro type atmosphere and food menu is great when you just want something chilled, and maybe spur of the moment, but you're not feeling quite as laidback as pub food or a cafe. You basically feel like you've gone for dinner, but without a lot of the fuss that can entail, such as having to make a slight effort to look in the mirror and check you're looking acceptable to human eyes. Sometimes quite an effort, I'm sure you'd agree.  Anyway, this is a relaxed environment to dine in, with an all round pleasing breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner menu. I had the sea bream and polenta last time I was in, which was really good, followed by some cheese cake, my favourite dessert of them all. Afterwards, there's the bonus of having some Broughton St bars to go to if you fancy.
4 This is an excellent bistro located on Broughton Place and whether it's a drink or food that you're after, you're in good company here. The oak styled bar is fresh, bright and airy and it's a good size so even when it's busy, you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the people next to you as in some popular bistros. Prices are very reasonable, the menu is extensive and the staff are very friendly too.   I've only ever been here twice and each time I've just had a drink as I've eaten beforehand. When I came in last week to catch up with a friend I couldn't help but eye up the delicious looking club sandwich that the guy next to me had, it looks amazing and was served with the crispest, freshest looking side salad I've ever seen. Very well presented and it looked so good that I was tempted to snatch a triangular shaped piece for myself!  Next time I'm definitely getting food!
5 Foodie heaven. Beautiful little bistro, and easy to get to.  Like all the girls before me have said, this restaurant is wonderful. Sitting on a corner with big windows so you can see right in, I was at first a leetle sceptical. Normally the good food joints are harder to come by, surely this was far too "in yo' face" to be really good?  But oh no. A quick look at the menu shows they know what they're doing. We got there quite early, 5.30pm on a Saturday, and managed to get a window seat. I think had we been any later we would have needed a booking.  The service is really friendly, the restaurant itself is bright, nicely decorated, with great touches like mint and lemon in the water jugs.  Now, the food. I ordered the lamb with  chorizo, aubergine and chickpea. If that doesn't already have you salivating, you need to try it. Lamb is my holy grail of red meat. I've eaten lamb that was hand-reared by a French family, frolicking in their field one day, and then served up the next. I know my lamb. And this lamb was goooooood. Perfectly tender, still pink in the middle (after requesting medium-rare) and the perfect portion size too. I could wax lyrical for paragraphs about it, but let's just say every mouthful I had was followed by a wide-eyed "mmmmm" as if it had been my first. Heavenly.  The breads, olives and dips were delicious too. We didn't have pudding (too full from the lamb) but they sounded good. The menu isn't overly extensive, but it seems to change frequently, and there is a wide enough selection for most tastes: fish, chicken, red meat, pasta.  Price-wise it was reasonable. £14 for the lamb, which considering the quality, felt like good value! Certainley not somewhere for a cheap and cheerful meal, but definitely worth the extra pennies.  I can see this place fast becoming a favourite and local of mine, or a fall back option if friends and family are visiting, and I want to take them somewhere nice, central and with damned tasty dining.
5 I returned here many months after my first visit, on a Friday night with no reservation, and was pleastantly surprised to get a table by the window (weekend before pay day...)  I love the feel of the place: it's warmly lit, cosy, intimate, but not overly plush or lush or romantic. There were couples, like us, there and larger parties, friends enjoying a tete-a-la-tete. The menu isn't huge, but it has a good selection, and it changes regularly which shows the skill of the kitchen.  I had the hake, with creamy leeks and sweet potato mash; the boy had the soup, then steak and chips, followed by a whisky (what else?!)  After the soup (celeriac, I was allowed to taste, mmm),  my hake arrived: a thick, juicy serving of fluffy white fish, served on a deliciously light creamy sauce, and a very generous portion of perfectly mashed sweet potato. It was simple,  it was just what I wanted, and it was divine. It set me back £12 but it was so perfectly cooked I would say this was good value for money.  The steak, chips, soup and whisky were all finished. I take this as sign that it was also delicious (I wasn't allowed to try the steak).  This little bistro is fast becoming a stand-out in my mind when I want somewhere a little bit more *nice* for dinner than a gastropub, but still somewhere I could come dressed down and feel comfortable.   For those who enjoy good food, this place is a must!
2 The staff, unpleasant when they weren't ignoring us, must have been having a bad night.  The burger was truly great but the trout was just a slab of fish slapped on to some beans- not interesting in any way.   The website states that there is a 10% discount for those making a reservation but if they don't respond to your on-line reservation request they won't honor the discount either. Fair enough.  I would advise that you reserve on-line and then call them if you don't receive a response. Once you are there, even if you can describe every step of their own reservation process, the waitress will give you her best snotty smirk and shake her head no.  The impression we are left with is quite negative.
5 I went here on Friday evening with my mum and absolutely loved it. The staff were lovely and friendly and we were sat in a lovely little table by the window. The décor is really nice and subtle and overall a very relaxing environment.   I had a starter of black pudding and scallops and it was absolutely delicious, couldn't fault it in the slightest. We both had the same main course of pappardelle with mushrooms and it was also delicious! Overall a great night and i will definitely be going back!  The only thing was that i had booked online but never received any confirmation so i phoned them up and their system had been broken so they had no record, but  they did have space for us so it was all fine :)
4 Another open sandwich. What's going on - has Edinburgh moved to Scandinavia? Would it break the cafe cost structure to give me the other half of the bun?  Though I have to admit my half-a-sandwich was one of the best things I've eaten in ages, so I shouldn't really moan - a smoked mackerel, pickled cucumber and lime mayo delight, with the freshest chips and a bright little salad. And coleslaw, because it's Scotland, and coleslaw is seemingly a legal requirement.   We only ended up in the Olive Branch because Treacle was closed for refurbishment (open again tonight, I think) but it was a really good choice and I'd definitely go back. The decor is lovely, all browns and greens, with big windows for people-watching on Broughton Street. I could have stayed all afternoon - wish I was still there!
4 Having looked into these big windows a thousand times, we finally gave this place a go (Treacle was closed ... sob!). But I had always wanted to try it, if only to sit in the window with the great views across Broughton St from the floor to ceiling glass.   I had my tummy set on a Treacle burger so I went for that here and it was quite good. Homemade burger patties, which is nice, and it had some good flavour but I did have to spit out at least five bits of knobbly gristle ... charming. I think they need to trim their beef a bit more before putting it through the mincer, or just reduce the amount of ears and noses in the burger mix. But it tasted good and came on a lovely brown roll with nice chunky chips and a salad garnish. I normally prefer skinny fries with a burger but these were cooked beautifully and hit the spot nicely. I was particularly impressed that the burger came on a brown roll and I wish more places at least gave you that option. More flavour, texture and character than most white burger buns which run the gamut from limp wispy efforts to chalky doughy monsters. So the burger was quite nice all round but not up to Treacle's standards and possibly a wee bit expensive at over ten pounds.  Their Bloody Mary sounded interesting, made with Absolut pepper vodka and a dash of Tio Pepe sherry, but unfortunately it wasn't really to my taste. That's a personal thing so fair enough, but I also feel it should be served in a nicer glass than your standard tall water glass. If they're extracting six quid out of you for what is basically a glass of juice and a shot of booze then at least make it look worth the price.  So. Nice staff, great location, especially if you can snag a window seat and they have a generally good menu. Gillian loved her food, so even though mine wasn't quite top drawer, I would happily go back. I was thinking of the food as solid 3.5 stars so wasn't sure which way to go, but I bumped them up to 4 stars purely for the brown roll.
3 Not great coffee or tea - i thought this was surprising.  the breakfast was decent -- service was hipster indifferent
4 It was raining and I was so cold the night I had dinner at the Olive Branch Bistro. Ordered a tomato soup as a starter and it was delicious and warmed me right up. For an entree I had Lamb with Kale.   I would never order any of the items above because I'm really picky about tomato soup and lamb. It has to be perfect, which they were. And the KALE! The best kale I've ever had.
4 Stopped in for a bite of dinner after working late. Ordered off a 3 course set menu. D had roast veg & honey soup & I had ham hough terrine to start. Soup was very just the right amount of sweetness, terrine was flavourful and moist. We both had the boar for main, it was done as a stew, hearty & warm, perfect for a wet & cold Edinburgh night!  Sticky toffee pudding & vanilla & cointreau cheesecake for desert were both delicious. Service was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. Not sure why it's taken me 3 years to venture in here, but would definitely head back anytime!
5 Smashing place!!  Haven't been in ages. Arrived with friends with 2 under 5 children. Waiting staff so genuine and helpful.  Splendid food. Brought out the children's food super speedy. We were dead grateful. Kept them happy. Were very sweet with my request for hot soya milk. And them my request for cup of boiled water. Even put lemon on the side for me. Truly not a something I've found in restaurants when I ask for this. Thank you.   Can't wait to go again. Best brunch in Edinburgh I'd say.
4 Un gran sitio para comer, la gente que atuendo son geniales y súper atentos Te atienden muy rápido y es fácil tener mesa pegada a los grandes ventanales (hace esquina) que dan barrio La comida es muy buena, natural y de calidad, además desde el propio comedor hay una ventana desde la que se ve la cocina (no tienen nada que ocultar) El menú es sencillo pero de calidad y si te vas al menú del día (dos platos) puedes comer por menos de 15 libras Esta muy cerca del centro a 5 minutos de princess street Si os cae cerca, no lo dudéis es un gran sitio para tomar un "lunch"
