4 I uttered an unenthusiastic" yayyyy" at the prospect of eating at this vegetarian bistro when a friend suggested it! Mmmm vegetables...  I was just acting up though, because I know vegetarian food is just as delicious as any other and the food was really good! As well as vegetarian food, there's the further option of having vegan food if you're REALLY into self depravation :D  I had a medium meal of three salads, and I'm a big fan of the spicy bean paste. I chose it because it looks exactly like Nigerian stewed beans, so my brain immediately felt it would be good. The potato salad and and brown rice are also a good bet, and the desserts are absolutely delicious. I had a fruit gateaux with soya cream (I decided I might as well go all the way) but was equally tempted by the banoffee pie which my friend raved over.  Regarding the atmosphere, it's definitely a place I could see myself whiling away the hours in. The decor is modern, but friendly and they're pictures of supposed famous people all round the walls. Or as someone noted they're "all middle-aged white men" so hardly a Hollywood Walk of Fame feel here.
5 Henderson's have a bad-ass reputation amongst vegetarians in Edinburgh: i.e. it's delicious, but also a bit above our budget. It's kind of located on the Black Bo's price scale as opposed, say, David Bann's. I must admit, Henderson's Bistro was incredibly successful at getting me to eat mushrooms (I normally hate the fungi), but when I ate them there, it was absolutely delicious. Kudos to them on that front.   But, if you're a veggie, and even if you're not a veggie, this place is somewhere you really can't miss out on. So don't.
4 Thoroughly enjoyed my serving of vegetable soup with side-order of spicy bean hummus and bread and my companion praised the chocolate & almond cake.    Prices are keen and the atmosphere is very relaxed and conducive to friendly conversation with the pleasant staff.
4 Hi, I'm Jen, and I'm a meat-eater.  Ok I know some people get put-out when a vegetarian place is reviewed in light of it not serving meat. But, if you know me, you'll find this is a good stance to take. I eat meat. A LOT of meat. But I also adore vegetables and find them much more versatile to cook with. I just usually try and combine the two (so order a meat and veggie curry for example). Taking the active decision to eat somewhere that serves no meat didn't strike fear into my heart (I adore a rare steak and sweet potato in equal measures). But I was curious to see how satisfied I would be.  With a very good friend visiting Edinburgh, and said friend being vegetarian, I made it my mission to find her the best place in Edinburgh for a casual evening meal comprised solely of things she could eat. After a quick Yelp search it seems that Henderson's Bistro combined the laid-back mid-week charm we were looking for.  The Bistro is just two doors down from the Restaurant. I asked the waitress what the difference was between the two. She explained that the Restaurant has more salads on the menu, very good value at lunch time apparently, and also live music. But they seem to have the same range of deli / bistro style offerings.  The ambience is definitely friendly, warm and very down to earth. Nothing fancy but homely. The waitresses were both extremely sweet and friendly. I probably wouldn't come here for a date, wrong type of 'nice', but it was just right for catching up with a good friend.  So, to the food. Yum. Num. But not Yum num num. Why the missing 5 star? Well, let me start with the Yum and Num. We each had a pate to start, I had the spicy bean pate. And oh yes that shiz was good. I would happily buy it in pots to take home. A generous serving, very filling, and with a hidden mushroom at the bottom - win!  We both had the moroccon stew as a main. It was a very generous serving, and veggies are filling. There was potato, carrot, aubergine (I LOVE aubergine!) in the stew, maybe parsnip too. But a distinct lack of chickpeas (this made me really sad) and maybe apricot or something to make it more authentically Moroccan. It was delicious, but just....lacking a wee bit.  I did also like the drinks. The menu is quite extensive, and I enjoyed a gin and tonic (with a local gin), a prosecco, and a rum and ginger ale (with a local rum and a nice, natural ginger ale). After the drinks we managed room for pud - the cherry pie. I tried this specifically after reading Amy G's review. It was wholewheat and vegan. It wasn't very sweet at all, which is good, but I felt it was a little pastry heavy and not quite cherry-ish enough despite having whole cherries in it. But still, we finished it. It just didn't blow my socks off.  It also made me a little sad that there weren't more beany / legume options on the menu. There was a nut burger, but no other option. And not many sweet potatoes. My favourite veg are beans, sweet potatoes, and aubergines. Maybe it's because I'm not veggie and am completely ignorant - perhaps beans are considered lesser veggie food?   It's still a solid 4-stars. The bean paté was really to die for, and the whole experience was just delightful (especially because of the really friendly staff). Maybe if there'd been more chickpeas, beans and sweet potato involved I would have knocked it up to 5.   I think it's been around since the 1960/70s and whilst this is really impressive, I felt perhaps they were resting in their laurels a little in being an Edinburgh Institution but not keeping up with what's hot. I only make such cutting and precise crticism as I *really* liked Henderson's and would love to give it 5 stars. They're so close, just a bean or two away....
4 Finally! Made it to Hendersons - so long walking past... hello new food sensations! Well, as much as I can whilst indulging in a quite restrictive diet. Nonetheless, I tucked into a dressing-free greek salad (with feta... couldn't help myself), with a portion of baba ghanoush and Henderson's own oatcakes on the side.   So the salad - good. The baba ghanoush... a little lacking in taste and in seasonings. The oatcakes knocked my socks off. I never expected an oat cake to do that to my socks. My friend enjoyed a rather generous looking Mexican wrap.   Can't wait to try out some more when I break free from dietary restrictions.
3 I almost, almost wanted to give this a 'meh, I've had better'. I'm not a veggie so perhaps the novelty of having an entire menu to choose from is lost on me slightly, but I love vegetarian food and healthy, wholesome veggie meals, and both times I've come here i have felt quite disappointed.  I'm saving the one star and making it three as the service is nice, the ambience is nice, and my veggie friend who I dined here with on both occaions really enjoyed it. And ilke I said, perhaps the fact that it's a veggie-dedicated menu and bistro makes it more enjoyable for the plant eaters amongst us.  I also think I ordered the wrong thing, both times. This time I had the special, Spanish Stew. I asked what veg was in it, and was told sweet potatoes, beans, carrot etc. Now, I imagined it to be brimming with several different types of beans. Instead, it had regular potato (a big difference. Sweet potato  makes me happy, regular potato makes me bloaty and unhappy). There was a few beans scattered, and some carrots. That was it. With some rice. It was quite underwhelming. It was definitely overpriced (£8 for some spuds and carrots?)   I mean, for a restaurant that only serves vegetarian food you'd think they'd do it REALLY well. Like go all out, use amazing veg combinations you hadn't thought about or really make the veg shine. I have said since several times that the Innocent Veg Pots and Sainsbury's own sweet potato piri piri pot were both tastier.  My friend's feta and spinach quiche, however, did look really good. It was LOADED with spinach. Quite often quiche can be mostly egg with some rogue bits of green. This was almost all spinach, and from the bit I tasted, it was really lovely.  The strudel we shared for dessert was quite nice but again not overwhelming.  I also think they heat up a lot of things in the microwave, as far as I could hear.  I like what Henderson's is trying to do. It's good, basic veggie food with a bit of variety but I just feel it could be a lot more creative and specialist without introducing 'jouxs' or 'roulades'.
5 Must've come at a great time (3pm) because everybody was leaving as we were settling in. By the time we got our drinks, the place was empty and we had the server all to ourselves.   I got the soup of the day, which was lentil & tomato with a dollop of cream...something...not exactly sure, but whatever it was, it was heaven! And I had a small arugula salad with warmed goats cheese, roasted red pepper, walnuts and honey. Mmmmm! I love when I order well.   My pasta-loving sister got the pesto, which was truly insane. I can't recall any restaurant in NY that does pesto this well. It was so close to homemade! Probably because I believe they used either ricotta or cream cheese to make the sauce more creamy and less oily.   Dad got the quiche & mom got the meze plate: apricot/ lentil hummus & regular hummus. Yummm.  £50 (service included) for food, 2 coffees, 1 beer, 1 wine & 1 juice. Lovely waiter who made recommendations for what Fringe shows to see, and was patient with our orders.  Just an absolutely excellent experience here, from start to finish.
3 Henderson's seems like a nice place to have lunch. The atmosphere is relaxed, the service is nice and it feels like they've made an effort to make the place seem friendly and welcoming. Their menu has a lot of dishes that change regularly which I like in a restaurant although I suppose it could be a little frustrating if you wanted a good idea of what would be available beforehand. I'm not a vegetarian but I'm always happy to go to vegetarian restaurants as it stops me automatically choosing the same stuff every time I eat out. My only reservation about this is that if you're only going to do vegetarian food, it should be done well and imaginatively. I wanted to like Henderson's more than I did in the end because it seems like it should be a good place. It was ok but not great and a little overpriced especially for the drinks. Hopefully I just caught them on an off day. I had the crepe which was filled with courgette, mushroom, something else, and cream cheese although it tasted a lot more like cream than cream cheese, making the whole thing a bit too wet. It was nice enough if unspectacular and came with a good salad which was a lot better than the token garnish you often get. My parents both had soup and the lentil and apricot pate. They're both very polite and described the pate as subtle. In other words it didn't taste of anything.  All in all it was a little disappointing but I think it has the potential to be much better than my experience of it and anyone else might get more out of it on a different occasion.
3 In Edinburgh for work and found out that the city has quite a few vegetarian places, so advised by Yelpers I decided for this place for a quick snack.  There is nothing quick about this place. The services is slow, however friendly, and the food takes ages to arrive.  My partner went for the Mexican roll, which was OK - a bit on the boring side. The salad, however, was gorgeously tasty and crisp.  Risotto with mushroom was my pick after going through the menu for vegetarian/vegan food without gluten - it is amazing in itself that they could offer anything. It was OK, the mushrooms were great, but - not to pad my own back - my own risotto is better. Also, I found hair in my risotto, not that delicious. The waiters were really quick and nice to compensate for it, so no harms done.  The star of the day was the side butter squash salad. OMG! it was REALLY good - the best thing on the menu for me and probably the best butter squash dish i've ever tasted! If I had known better I would have ordered it for main. Yum!
4 Visited this little gem a few weekends ago and it was just lovely. Vintage books, bits and bobs on shelves, fresh flowers on the tables, 60s music playing in the background. Excellent setting for lunch and a catch up with family and friends. The staff were all really nice too.  I opted for the vegetarian lasagne with garlic focaccia. The lasagne was perfect. Layers of light cheese, thin lasagne sheets and assorted veg. Huge portion of salad too which tasted super fresh. Had a little bite of my boyfriend's frittata too... Devine! The focaccia was a little bit soft, would have preferred this more firm and crispy but I'll let them off with that since the lasagne was so damn good. The rest of our table opted for burgers which came with a side of nachos and there were no complaints.   Had some organic gin too, very nice. The vintage jug of water for our table with matching glasses was a nice touch.
5 Je ne suis pas un adepte des restaurants végétariens.  Le cadre est agréable et les serveurs sont sympathiques. J' ai commandé une lasagne excellente, avec une bière.  Le prix était très raisonnable pour Edhimboug!
4 While honeymooning in Edinburgh, our first day saw us looking for a vegetarian option as we both wanted to try something a bit new. We ordered separate dishes to sample one another's food; I had the carrot soup and my husband had the spicy tomato, then aubergine and quiche respectively. I had absolutely no issues with this restaurant and the staff were super friendly, the atmosphere was great (so much bigger on the inside than it appears outside), even the toilets were well-maintained and tidy. No complaints! The prices were even reasonable though most of Edinburgh is generally expensive, we had quite hefty portions and the food wasn't too salty either. Definitely would recommend this place and next time we're in Edinburgh we plan on stopping in again.
5 This is a relaxed vegetarian bistro with great salads, interesting main dishes, and meat-less burgers.  It has a wonderful vibe.  We slipped in later on a Friday evening and got a table for two. They have a great selection of organic and vegan wines by the glass or bottle.  Those with dietary restrictions will find the menu clearly labeled and they will prepare many dishes without gluten or dairy.  They also try to source as much local and organic products as possible.  Everything we had was super fresh.
