5 A friend and I were in a bar in Edinburgh when we both craved some Thai food. We hopped in a taxi and asked the taxi driver to take us to the best Thai restaurant in Edinburgh. And that is exactly what he did.  Firstly the decor is beautiful. So simple and charming. The staff are so friendly and welcoming. They couldn't do enough for us and its nice to be served by such polite people.   For starters I had the Chicken Satay. Not very adventurous I know, but it was delicious. The best I have ever had, by miles. For my main course, I had the Thai Green Curry which was out of this world. Who knew food could be so fresh and delicious? The flavours are just amazing.   After telling my mum about this place she insisted on taking me out to lunch here a few weeks later. I didn't complain! They do a lunch menu of three courses for £9.50 per person. At that price it is fantastic, there is a limited choice on the lunch menu but these set menus usually are.  Overall this restaurant is one of my favourite in Edinburgh. I absolutely love it.
4 Time 4 Thai is a very decent Thai cuisine experience, in modern surroundings, and is also very conveniently located right in the centre of town, just off George Street, so you don't have to go far for your Thai fix if you've been loitering around the city centre shops.  The staff were very friendly and accommodating on my first visit here, and actually, at the time, pre visit to Thailand and consequential love for Thai food, I wasn't really that au fait with Thai cuisine at all. The eternally smiley waitress duly recommended what we should sample, so we ended up with quite a few different dishes, through wanted to try lots of different things, but also, mostly, because I generally have eyes bigger than my stomach. The Tom Kha seafood soup went down a treat, love it, and the Phar Goong king prawn salad was also tasty.   The specialism here is seafood, although there are several other options, and depending on what time of day you're in, you can choose from a 3 course lunch, business lunch, order from the a la carte menu or share one of the Thai banquet set menus. The interior of the restaurant is polished and immaculate to a tea, so this is very tasty Thai food, in an equally as delightful setting.
5 With a mildly comic name, though not as funny as the untouchable "Curl up and Thai", Time 4 Thai still has a very good reputation when it comes to the food, and while I'm prone to be unusually unadventurous when it comes to Thai food, I can have no complaints.  Given we were in for a quick meal and thus slightly rushed, I don't know if I got to feel the restaurant's full force, but my Green Curry was top notch. Fragrant, spicy, and with some lovely fluffy rice.  Granted, Green Curry is the Mince and Tatties of Thai cooking and something they're unlikely to get wrong, but it put the restaurant on my radar for a return visit.
4 I was brought here for dinner once by a friend's parents, and although the food was tasty and the service was good, I couldn't help but thinking it was ridiculously expensive.   Don't get me wrong, it's just off George Street and so you'd expect any restaurant in this neck of the woods to be in a certain price range, but over £40 a head for dinner did seem a bit excessive. But then they brought out their Express Business Lunch menu, and by contrast this is one of the best value lunch menus that I know of in the city centre. At only £9.50 a head, you really can't go wrong. I had the marinated chicken and sweetcorn fritters to start, followed by the deep fried salmon in dry red curry for my main, and by the time they brought us our ice cream for desserts I was too full to finish mine!  I'm telling everyone I know about this place!
4 TIME 4 REVIEW  Impeccable service from as soon as you walk through their front door.  3 WAY COMBO! - Grapow beef - thai basil and chili beef (sliced beef which was ununsual as I am used to having this dish with minced beef in Australia ?!) - make sure you finish every last drop of the sauce, and avoid the chopped chili if that isn't your style :)  - Pad Thai with prawns - yummmmmm, don't forget to squeeze the lime all over  - Yellow duck curry - was brilliant, the sauce started off rather mild but after a few mouthfuls started to fire up! Yay! not too hot, though - and went superbly with rice ... all finished off with two serves of coconut rice.  Food servings were ample, with the above (and a bottle of red, of course) filling two tummies rather nicely.  Cannot stress how good service was, wait staff were friendly and responsive to our every need.  (QUESTION OF THE DAY: I saw that hot chips were also on the menu, what is it to do with Asian restaurants in Scotland serving chips?!)  I did take a pic of the food but my stupid phone seems to have eaten the pic. :( If someone buys me a bright new shiny iPhone 4S, I promise that it won't happen again.
4 The starters in Time 4 Thai were a couple of the most memorable dishes we've sampled on all of our quests. They were so packed with flavour that they were practically capable of blowing the roof off the place. Mains didn't quite (couldn't ever) live up to that firecracker start, but were solidly good. Well worth a visit, we'd say!  Overall, we said: "I was served with memorable soup, in smart surroundings, with good, attendant service, and nicely presented dishes. These things are all very much to Time 4 Thai's credit...I think I'll be back to Time 4 Thai. There are lots of things on the menu that look tempting."
3 We (3 of us) were mere walk-ins on a Friday evening and we were given a very nice table on the mezzanine section.  We found the reviews on Yelp encouraging, so we were expecting to be wowed with authenticity and flavours.  Unfortunately we were slightly disappointed. The flavours were missing (or perhaps too delicate) on the majority of dishes we ordered. Even my Tom Yum needed some kick.  My duck in dry red curry sauce, was billed as 'spicy' - but it was anything but. Sure enough they used fresh chili in the dishes that needed it, but to get some heat I needed to bite out the seeds and even bargain for some from the wife (in exchange for some meat)   The service is very friendly, efficient and helpful. Nothing wrong with that. I just wished we had a little more of what we were expecting from a Thai meal.
