5 This is a beautiful theatre with a gorgeous glass front which is great for watching the world go buy while having a coffee.  I have fond memories of coming to this theatre to see the ballet since I was very young. I rather distinctly remember on my 9th birthday vomiting on the stairs during a performance of Cinderella. Ahh memories.  But this theatre really is lovely. Its the sort of theatre that you get a little dressed up to go to, like people used to do back in the day. I was lucky enough to see a stunning performance of the Nutcracker here in January, which obviously is mostly attributed to Scottish Ballet but the theatre played a huge role also. Everything from the sound to the lighting was fantastic and it really was a magical evening.   There is a number of bars for you to have a quick tipple during the interval, but you have to be quick out your seat because it gets very busy fast.   Tickets can be expensive, but it really attracts some of the better quality shows so it is worth it and it really makes for a nice evening out.
2 I recently went to see an adaptation of One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest acted out via breakdancing here, and couldn't rate the show highly enough. In fact, the only reason I'm giving this as many as 2 stars is because of the big-name acts that this place attracts.  The venue however, was a different story. I'm definitely on the tall side as far as girls go, and to say I struggled with the lack of leg-room would be an understatement - it's hard to relax and enjoy the performance you've paid so much for when you'd have been more comfortable on a budget airline flight. I really pity tall blokes who have to endure sitting in this auditorium for the duration of a show.  Not surprisingly, by the time the interval came I was in need of a drink, but this turned out to be a really bad decision. Anyone who has ever wondered how it's possible to screw up a glass of white wine should order one at the bar in the Festival Theatre: warm, over-priced and more importantly cloudy...?! When I asked for a replacement I was told that there was nothing wrong with it, and if I wanted to I could buy another one and hope that it would be different.  Funnily enough I didn't.
4 From my experience of seeing Ricky Gervais' Fame tour here, I found the Festival Theatre to be satisfying place to watch his stand up show.  Ok, the bars are rammed at the intervals, but they always are in theatres.  The seating was fine with no obvious focus on comfort, but nonetheless didn't restrict the blood flow to my derriere after a the 2 hour performance.   The big glass facade is great too, adding to the grand style of the building.
4 From the outside, this place looks really modern and welcoming. But it's somewhat aged on the inside! I was so surprised when I came in - the huge glass front always made it look so cool. Glass has a tendency of doing that! Don't get me wrong, it's not bad inside the theatre  -  far from it - but I suppose I was expecting leather recliners and cupholders. It's not a cinema, Emily.  They always attract great plays and shows too. I came to see Peter Pan here once and it was brilliant! They do have a niche market sometimes though, things like Stomp and Bach concerto's are common. If you're into that then great! But I'm more of a tinkerbell kinda gal
4 The Festival Theatre is a striking piece of design, with its startling, in a good way, glass exterior, and its prominent position on the always busy Clerk Street. Anywhere that lets in loads of light, and therefore brightness, is always a pretty pleasant place to be, and seeing a show here, in very modern surroundings, is a nice change from the traditional theatre experience. Not that I'm knocking more traditional venues like the Playhouse, I like them too. I like all theatres, any shape and size, they're all welcome in my life...well unless all the shows they have to offer are rubbish, then they're not so welcome.  Anyway, the Festival Theatre attracts some great productions, whether it's music, dance, comedy, ballet, opera or musicals that do it for you, The theatre has the largest performing area in Scotland, and is the main hub for Scottish ballet and opera.
5 A glass fronted behemoth that is surprisingly not as modern as it first appears, The Festival Theatre is one of the city's largest, and showcases all manner of performances from mainstream theatre to comedy and some more obscure stuff. Thankfully it never descends into the tampon-munching, over acted thespian oddness that often sees deluded luvvies up on stage pretending to be a cloud or something equally as pointless, but instead just coming across as a twat.   And you can even nip just a few doors down to City Restaurant afterwards for a life-shortening haggis supper. If that's not a good evening out, then I don't know what is.
5 Oh, swoon.  Although the stage is not as large as the outside of the building would suggest, the inside is just simply a fairytale. I went here a couple of weeks ago on a date and I must say that I was duly impressed.  For such purposes, boys beware: if the girl likes theatre, dance, or orchestra, this is your venue. The inside is done in a very remodelled 18th century Renaissance style, something that works surprisingly well, even despite the obvious breach between the modernity of the outside and the beautiful inside.  The one thing that really made my night special is that everyone seemed to dress up for the ballet itself. Something I can really appreciate. It turns an evening into an event and it was just very lovely and atmospheric.  I'll be coming back again and again, specifically for the ballet, as that is one of my favourites. Though, long-legged creatures beware, it can be a bit uncomfortable if you're wearing high heels and have long legs as the chairs are a wee bit tiny. But then again, if you've read any of my other reviews, you'll know that I've got issues with chairs!
4 The Festival Theatre had a hard act to follow. Four nights previously I'd been at the Lyceum Theatre (I'm right cultured me) and was really in awe of the gorgeous, old world interior (full review here: http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/royal-lyceum-theatre-edinburgh#hrid:HO1uJjgeG6jbLCqsZnB9Tg/src:self )  The Festival Theatre is more central, and takes up a grand space on Nicholson Street. The large glass-walled exterior is quite eye-catching and they make good use of this with large drape-posters of the shows they have on.  And I have to admit the shows are impressive. The Scottish Ballet, major UK-wide touring productions such as the King and I. I went here to see Swallows & Amazons (me and about 50 small children under the age of 10, go figure). And whilst the interior wasn't quite as mind-blowingly gorgeous as the aforementioned theatre, with 70s-tastic plastic / glass chandeliers (I'm sorry, the Lyceum Theatre chandelier really stole the show) it is still a really great sized theatre that shows great shows.  Like much of Edinburgh, it's old and retains the older features for charm but perhaps not comfort. Rickety older wooden chairs that even my smaller derrier found a tad uncomfy. And oh how I've gotten used to drinks holders attached to seats. So just come prepared. But the old-school people-with-trays selling ice creams at intervals more than makes up for it. I can imagine in sold out events, it gets really warm in here, just a word of warning.  I can't wait for the next musical they'll be showing. It's a bit dusty and musty but the perfect setting for seeing some fantastic live theatre or dance.
4 I am a massive theatre fan and would always encourage folks to go, this review is from the point that I would want the theatre to pull its socks up a little to offer the best it can and have the house full to capacity every night.   I went to see the snowman with my family and niece and nephew, the show was a delight and the flying sequences magical.  The show aside I was very fidgety by the seats not being comfortable and also thread bare and frame work poking through.  The kings theatre have recently tastefully redone their seats with a wider, more roomy seat with sticks to the original design but modern, I think the festival theatre would be 100 times better if it looked at a similar option. I am a realist and I know that costs money, but long term you want people to remember how good a show was, not how uncomfy the seats were!  The theatre itself is great and an asset to Edinburgh.
4 From the Modern glass façade outside, you wouldn't know you were about to walk into one of the most beautiful theatres in Edinburgh. Inside, everything is very traditional, with red carpets, ornate balconies and details. It is quite impressive. Perhaps the sitting on the seats isn't the most comfortable way to pass 3-4 hours, the norm if watching an opera, but at least there is an interval.  For the last 3 consecutive years, I have seen the Autumn Scottish opera the the Festival Theatre, which usually reaches Edinburgh in November. The first year, it was the marriage of Figaro, in Italian with English subtitles. In 2011 I saw the Barber of Seville, again in Italian with English subtitles. In November, my boyfriend and I went to see the magic flute, which was translated from German into English. All three were fantastic, the soprano who played the queen of the night in the latter was particularly memorable. The sets were really fantastic, the singers and orchestra all spectacular, as was the directing. Perhaps, as my boyfriend (the expert on classical music) pointed out, the only downfall were the slightly poor acoustics in the theatre. Beyond that, each time I have had classics  stuck in my head for at least a couple of days after the performance.  The bathrooms are very clean, there's a cloakroom, ice cream and (overpriced) sweets are sold during the interval. I have never been to the cafe here, though it does actually look quite good and offers lavazza coffee.There are plenty of restaurants and supermarkets suiting different budgets nearby, so you should be okay anyway.  If opera if not your thing, there are also musicals and ballets. Just buy before the day, I have not been to one event here and seen a vacant seat.  On top of the fantastic venue, coming to the festival theatre is quite a reasonably priced night out for me; with my student ID, I only have to pay £10 for a ticket, and can choose to sit wherever I like!
3 I actually went to see a full screening here to mark the end of the Edinburgh International Film Festival. Lovely theatre and great and friendly welcome but inside the theatre was absolutely freezing!
5 Oh, THIS is how you do it. This. Right here. Classic Nouveau design in the auditorium meets chic ultra-modern comfort in the foyer.  The huge glass-fronted foyer goes up three storeys, and never feels crowded even in the pre-show buzz. I can't believe I haven't reviewed the Festival Theatre before given how many times I've come here and loved it. They do everything right.  Unlike so many theatres of its size, the Festival Theatre is spacious and light in the foyer, and even the toilets don't feel as cramped as most theatres. The interval snack prices are no more wince-worthy than other places (we're talking £3 for a tub of ice cream - but yes, still I stick to my five-star guns, because that's not unusual).  Even with the Playhouse in town, it holds its own with a ferocious mix of programming that spans the popular and esoteric alike, from Warhorse to the Rambert Dance Company. The shows tend to have short runs, too, meaning you get some really excitingly inventive shows with sets that are designed to tour more easily than their extended-residency counterparts. As the home venue of the Edinburgh International Festival, it's a theatre that prides itself on progressive and intellectual art while still catering to audiences of a sufficient size to populate its impressive and rich auditorium. (Standing ovations are somewhat vertigo-inducing up in the Gods, mind you - it's pretty steeply raked and you might feel safer just clinging to the arms of your chair..!)  It even has its own tragic history and a mysterious haunting story. What more could you possibly want from a house of art and superstition?
4 I often walked by the modern glass exterior of the Festival Theatre and wondered what the interior would be like. How much of the original Victorian grandeur remained inside?    My personal interest is heightened by the fact that David Bowie's Ziggy Stardust visited here back in 1973 when it was the Empire Theatre.  The opportunity arose for me to have a visit with some other Yelpers to see Robin Cousins - Ice show... I'll review that bit later.  First.. the theatre itself. The modern exterior/entrance is very sympathetically done and blends (well, contrasts but pleasantly) with the surrounding buildings and the older parts of the theatre.  Once inside and into the older part of the building you're greeted by the Victorian splendour you'd expect of what was once called the empire Theatre. Red carpets, fancy ornate gold decorations in abundance.  It's great these lovely old buildings survive and still get used for the purpose they were designed.  I was a bit puzzled by how an ice dance show would fit in the space.  The stage isn't huge and seemed quite small once the whole cast of skaters were swirling about inches from each other at alarming speeds.  The show itself  was a mix of balletic and modern dance.. on ice!  With the athleticism, strength and stamina of the performers leaving you open mouthed on many occasions.  Some cute/unexpected musical motifs as well as some quite cheesy ones.  A few bits of humour, some stunning tricks and excellent lighting effects kept everyone entertained.   It's not something I'd ever seen before, I don't even watch the dancing on ice TV shows so I wasn't expecting to be blown away but I was intrigued.  The show is designed to appeal to people who really like that whole genre but it's also rather spectacular and even for a non fan like me did leave me going "blimey!" several times.  If you like Ice dance shows, you'll love it.  If you like grand old theatres you'll love the Festival Theatre.
4 Lovely theatre - been here a few times now.  There's a pleasant bar in the foyer which does a range of food.  It's not too cheap - £10 for a main course - and unfortunately I can't tell you how good it is because the one time I went to try it, their gas had broken down and they couldn't cook anything.  The menu looked scrummy though and they gave me some free bread and olives as an apology, so I'd be happy to try again next time I'm back (however, if you're wanting a proper dinner before a show, I suggest heading to the road to the Indian restaurant right across the road because that's fantastic).  The facilities are all really modern - there a plenty of toilets and they're nice and clean - and the theatre itself is lovely; you don't expect a traditional old theatre behind the modern foyer and bar area, but a traditional old theatre is exactly what you get once you're inside.  You can park round the corner in Chambers Street if you're driving, or it's an easy walk from the train station if you're coming from outside Edinburgh.
