4 this place falls on the "right side of the tracks" so far as bars are concerned in edinburgh; that is it's away from the grassmarket and near upscale george street. they serve tasty tapas and have a friendly and attractive staff. not for the backpacker set, amicus apple attracts a more well dressed clientele who warm up here before hitting the spots on george street or beyond.
4 Amicus Apple is a super stylish bar, just off George Street. It attracts the usual sort of George Street crew of young professionals and the Edinburgh Yah crowd. It always catches my eye when I walk past so I was quite happy when a friend invited me for a drink here.   There is a huge, huge cocktail list which includes the usual suspects as well as some new, interesting ideas. I had a couple of different cocktails, with the price around £6 per drink. There is varying prices with some costing up to £9.95. The cocktails were good, perhaps not as good as some other places but the bar staff know their stuff. It wasn't too busy either so it was good for a relaxing chat, most of the other customers seem to be doing the same thing. It seems to be a popular place for girly get togethers, I imagine this is due to the stylish interior and cocktail menu.  They also serve food which we didn't try. I have heard mixed reviews on the food but I imagine I will try it at some point. Overall perhaps a bit more interesting and nicer than some of the George Street bars.
2 There's no denying that this bar is in a great location, tucked between Princes Street and George Street. It should be the ideal place to meet at the start of a night out. But somehow every time I drink or eat here I always leave remembering exactly why it's been ages since the last time I was there.  There's nothing that stands out as being particularly wrong with it, it's just very much a case of style over substance. I ate dinner here once, and although you'd think there's very little you can do to mess up pasta with arrabiatta sauce and grilled chicken - especially when you pay £9.95 for it - the past was so overcooked it was more like drinking a smoothie than eating a plate of penne.  Drinks are a bit better - the cocktail list is as long as your arm, and as long as they have the ingredients behind the bar they can make you whatever you want, whether its on the list or not. The only problem is that it really depends on who serves you. I was there the other night and my first white wine spritzer genuinely had more soda than wine in it, and cost me £5.70. When I ordered my second, I was served by a different barman who actually used a measurer for the wine, unlike the first guy, and only charged me £4.10!  If that hasn't put you off, the décor and general feel to the place is great - it successfully attracts a mix of older students and young professionals thanks to it's mix of cosy corner tables with sofas, to the white egg chairs suspended from the ceiling on in the smoking area. (Don't sit in one after your second drink, as it will take you a good ten minutes to try and clamber out of it!)  I wouldn't eat here, but on the basis of the atmosphere and the general relaxed feel of this place, I'd go back for drinks if I were in the area.
3 Amicus Apple is one of those places in Edinburgh that you feel and look trendy when you are in there. I feel particularly cool sitting in the white pods outside watching the world go by. It's not a big bar, but it has a bite.  The bar/restaurant prides itself on it's extensive cocktail menu, and they are delicious. There is always a slightly sour after-taste, however, when you hand over your card and discover that the earth-shattering cocktail cost you £9. Ouch.  But, all is not lost. Their wine is always really lovely and chilled and served in nice big glasses. And their food is really tasty! I recommend their saints and sinners menu, it's a great tapas menu with a quirky twist.  I was disappointed in their Cullen Skink (seafood chowder, but better) though. I grew up 5 minutes from Cullen so I was really excited when I saw it on the menu, but it was really salty. My mum loved it though, and it fills you up all day. They also have a good pasta of the day too, it's always really good.  So, it's a really good place to visit for lunch. On Sundays you can sit around and play board-games and chillax, but don't order a cocktail. Tap water, please.
3 Mixture of young professionals, middle aged tarts on the pull, and neds with money.  Painfully dull "uber" house soundtrack.  Expensive drinks and a cocktail list identical to every other bar in the vicinity.  Ridiculous decor.  All present and correct, and another identikit "style" bar. Such places went out of date in other cities round about 2004, so god knows why the people of Edinburgh are still impressed by them.
4 Amicus Apple has always looked delicious to me, and I'll tell you why - that awesome 70s bubble chair they have in their wee beer garden!  It's not even so much a beer garden as a classy outdoors area where people can have a drink, a gab and some lunch while also being at liberty to smoke if they so desire. This area sets the tone, and sits at the entrance of this rather stylish bar and restaurant just off Princes St.  Serving up soup, sandwiches, burgers and a fancier take on chicken kebab, Amicus has quite the extensive menu for a cocktail bar. You can get a variety of foods, from some nibbles to accompany your drinks to a full-on sirloin steak! Put on your Sunday best and hop down to experience their special Sunday food service, or cut to the chase and get straight to dessert - they do an awesome Rocky Road.   The cocktails are scrummy, and if you're feeling inspired to make your own, Amicus do their own cocktails masterclasses.  Yes, Amicus attracts smarmy customers at times, and is full of people with money as Gavin says. But when I've been in (admittedly, during the day) it's not been at all bad. I'd happily take a bite out of this bar from time to time!
4 I think it deserves an extra star, don't you? I've come to love Amicus Apple. The staff are lovely - especially Emma. The food is good - especially the baked camambert, and the drinks are great - especially the cocktails.  It's a lovely cosy bar, it's small enough to be intimate yet big enough to be roomy.   During the festival they have a great little beer garden with red and white bubble chairs that you can get so easily lost in. It's slowly becoming one of my favourite places in the city!
4 If you're looking for an affordable snack, cocktail or lunchtime bite, in chilled out surroundings with comfy seats, then you're onto a winner with Amicus Apple. They have an excellent range of bites to keep your tummy happy and the desserts to follow are excellent too.  I like the chilled out atmosphere in Amicus Apple with funky decor and friendly staff.  Of course, you don't have to be dining to enjoy the full experience. They have an extensive cocktail menu all a bit more exciting than the boring old French Martini and all with funky names too. Each time I've visited, I've had a cocktail, or two... and try to have something different every time. It's just so hard to choose as I'd happily guzzle down one of each.  I have a few favourite to recommend and these are:  -Taste the rainbow - which actually just tastes like Skittles, it's a little bit dangerous. -Heartbreak - a mish mash of everything really. -Hollaback Girl - I originally got this because I really like the name but it's a zesty mix with kiwi infused vodka that's become one of my favourites!  Ps. If you have a sweet tooth, try the white chocolate cheese cake - to die for!
3 A trendy establishment, but with friendly staff and food that ain't half bad.  I've stopped by a few times: for lunch, for coffee, and for cocktails. All were quite enjoyable, although perhaps not oh-em-gee rantable.  The food menu is quite big, the cocktail list is even bigger. Our food came quickly, the cocktails were fresh, inventive and tasty. And when I stopped by for coffee and requested an iced coffee, despite it not being on the menu, they whipped it up no problem in a tall glass with added cream. Take that starbucks.  It has a nice vibe, although perhaps quite trendy. When I stopped here for coffee I'd just been climbing Arthur's Seat and in my jeans and trainers felt a little under dressed next to the gaggle of high-heeled, bejewelled ladies who lunch with cocktails at 4pm.  I would definitely come again, although will be sure to swap the trainers for at least some dressy flats. I could happily spend an evening here trying a few of the exciting sounding cocktails - in fact, it's on my to-do list.
5 A Beautiful little hideaway on Frederick Street - Amicus Apple is stylish and tasty!  The mood is always cosy with the comfy leather seats and in the winter the fireplace is perfect. I love that they always have a random film playing in the background to catch your eye in whilst waiting at the bar. The staff are always very friendly and seem to know the cocktail list off by heart. I've always had a good experience in this bar and would recommend to any people who are on their travels in Edinburgh.
4 Really cool and classy cocktail bar! I've had a few cocktails in my time here, they also do a mean steak sandwich! hello!
3 I ended up taking a wee visit to Amicus Apple after having a leisurely stroll round the German Christmas Market. Main reason being my friend had seen the £5 cocktail menu outside - Hollaback Girl, I want one of those. Think that about covers her response, and I was not going to say no to a lovely wee cocktail after the eventful ferris wheel experience.  When we arrived I did feel a little under-dressed, I don't like walking in somewhere and immediately feeling like all the women there are judging me based on what I am wearing, I mean really, get over it. Yeah what I am wearing may not cost me an arm and a leg, and may not necessarily match to perfection, but all I want is a darned cocktail.   Ignoring this we perched ourselves at the bar, then perused the cocktail menu. There is certainly enough choice here! But we ended up ordering a Hollaback Girl, which my friend quite enjoyed, and I had some Raspberry-ish lovely thing, the name escapes me. It was scrummy though, and disappeared very quickly! There were people around us having little plates of food, which smelled very tempting, and looked just as tasty!  Service was good, very friendly and not too bad on the eye either. My friend particularly liked one she nicknamed 'tasty', and I liked the one she accurately named 'hairy'.  All the things you would look for in a good barman, I would go back for that alone!
2 I have walked past this place hundreds of times I never been all that tempted by it but a friend was having her leaving night there so I went along.  The place it's self was a bit showy and I got the impression that the dim lighting and colourful lights were just to mask the fact that it was a fairly bland bar. The music was blaring from the second we arrive at 8.30 pm so having a conversation was difficult at best.  Biggest problem was the people, I knew from one look that this was a "trendy" bar, something which I certainly am not, but thats no excuse for being completely ignored by bar staff in favour of girls in short skirts.  The clientele were a nightmare too, admittedly it was a Saturday night and it is a stones throw from George Street so its no great surprise but most of the guys there seemed to walk around with a smug sense of superiority and had no problem (making an attempt at) literally pushing you the way at the bar if they felt you weren't cool enough to be in their presence.  No time for people like that, and it seemed to be full of them.  While cocktail bars aren't my thing normally, I have been to enough to know what constitutes a good one and this one left just felt a bit hollow with no real substance.  Yeah they had a good list and the feedback from those drinking them were that they were good, but between the music, service and the people it's difficult to actually enjoy your drink which pretty much defeats the purpose.  It may be a better place to go in the afternoon or during the week, but after my experience there I won't be rushing back any time soon to try again.
4 We popped in here for a quick dinner on our way to a Science Festival show, after we noticed they had a '2 for 1' deal on main courses when you booked online. I'd never been in before, but have a couple of friends that positively rave about the place, so I was naturally curious!  It was a Wednesday night, and there was a good mix of 'after-work drinking' groups, 'after-shopping girlie' groups and our 'on our way to a show about the Psychology of Humour' group! The decor wasn't as flashy as I was expecting, and there were lots of cosy wee booths to sit in. The tables were well spaced out, and the music was at an acceptable level to permit good conversation.   Both the drinks and food menu were exciting and extensive, and both were served fairly efficiently. We did get a wee bit edgy at one point as our food seemed to be taking longer than expected and, given we had to be somewhere to watch a show, we were cutting it fine to have time to enjoy it. However, it did arrive in time, and we did have time to enjoy it!  My dining companions had the Crombie of Edinburgh's wild boar and apricot sausages, with caramelised onion mash and red wine gravy and many 'ooohhs', 'aaahhhs' and 'Mmmmm''s were emitted! My Thai green curry with roasted butternut squash was absolutely fantastic, and I would have happily married the chef by the time I ate the last mouthful...then he could cook it for me every day! : )  Unfortunately, with the last mouthful, our visit came to an end as we had to dash off for some science and culture. I'll definitely be back to sample more food off this great, and reasonably priced menu...and to find out if the chef is single!
4 I went here for a cocktail and I ordered a Pink Angel, which was very tasty! Nice decor, particularly the bar was central and impressive. Loved that they had scented candles, which is nice to see in the afternoon. Barman seemed chatty and friendly. Nice little seating area outside.
3 Amicus Apple offers a lunchtime menu offering a range of dishes for £5. I chose the steak and ale stew, which proved to be really quite tasty. As a no-nonsense plate of sustenance, it was a winner. The place is quite smart, plays its music just a notch too loud, and is a good stop-off on an evening out. The cocktail menu is very decent, too.  Overall, we said: "though I have severe reservations about the term "gastrolunch", I was quite impressed with what the folks at Amicus Apple delivered. I like the notion of being able to pop in to somewhere like this, get a dish that's high on flavour and low on complications, to fuel you for the afternoon ahead. In that regard, it's much like the lunchtime offering at The Rosehip. I'd happily pop back, and would be entirely comfortable with suggesting that you do likewise."
3 A very pleasing cocktail bar / pub with some nifty cocktails on the list.  I mostly use this as a  pre dinner meet-up place to drink and chat. They have returned the outside area back to the steps (as the decking they installed was not in the planning permission) - it does make a difference though as this lack of decking takes away the nice invitational look of the place..   Their staff is very friendly and knowledgeable on cocktails and the spirits they serve.   The people visiting here (when I visit at least) are mostly young professionals and 'made of money' students. The place is not cheap, but I have visited more expensive places with less class.   I'd like to give it 3.5 stars as they are better then the 3 stars I give to other places but slightly less then the 4 star I tend to give to my real Edinburgh favourites.  It is convenient for restaurants and right beside Princes Street.   But as the bar stools are uncomfortable and the normal chairs a little awkward it leans to a 3.
4 I met friends here for a Monday night dinner and when I walked in, I instantly got that Friday night feeling - aided by the sexy purple mood lighting and trendy vibe but I felt a little underdressed for the venue in my jeans and t-shirt.   I browsed the cocktail menu whilst waiting for my company to arrive and was impressed by the extensive range on offer which sounded just too good to pass on so I opted for 'She's a Lady'. As soon as I tasted my first sip my face instantly beamed at this fruity delight and I wished it was the weekend so i could enjoy more of these babies!   For dinner we shared chilli squid, haggis balls and mini sausages in honey-glazed sauce - mmm mmm mmm to start with. I hummed and hawed over my main but eventually decided on a burger with bacon, cheese and the best chips I have had since I can remember. I devoured the chips very quickly but  was unable to finish the burger. I felt it had something missing - not sure whether it was seasoning or because the chips were so tasty or maybe I had over indulged with the starters.  On a whole, the service was excellent and we even appreciated the background music - something more laid back than that trendy beat you tend to get in cocktail bars - maybe that was because it was Monday night.   At the end of the night I was ready for throwing some shapes on a dance floor so I will have to go back for the cocktails to kick off my weekend.
4 Went back to Amicus Apple last night for a little birthday drink wth a couple friends and i still really like it... cosy and stylish! I decided on a Pink Angel and it was very nice. Waitress was very attentive, even asking what i would like to drink before I had my coat off!!  Nice selections of drinks and would definatley say this is a place designed for the ladies!
4 Well done!  What a wonderful transformation this bar has had.  Completely funked up and lots of inspired and sexy design features.   The wall that used to adorn a 50" flat screen has been transformed to a life like 'living wall' feature - bright green moss enclosed in a glass front. Don't be fooled like I was.. I had a chat with the manager and he explained this is actually fake. but using natural materials.  The miss match on chairs and tables is deliberate and if you pay a closer look it all fits very well together.   The bar needs security guards. Why you may ask? Because a lot of money is on display - real money - EVERY bullet proof glass panel on the bar is deep filled with 5 pence pieces - yup. There is 10 (and a half) panels about an inch wide and filled to the brim with 5p coins. As this is a charity guessing game I will not disclose the amount of money locked into this bar.  - They will announce the competition very soon and all you need to do is guess how many 5 pence pieces there are. The winner will be able to donate all this money to their favourite charity. After that they will refill it with 10p coins and so forth.  I like this a lot!  - Have a look at their homepage if you want more details.. but I was already making calculations whilst sipping my Estralla draft.   They still have the the food area and this is in keeping with the whole funkiness. It is now slightly separated using wavy glass panels.   The music levels were just right, not too loud and a very pleasant mix. I mention this as before it was a bit of a hit & miss, now it is right.   I am pleased with the transformation - it is now a special place to visit.  Again - Well done Amicus Apple, I will visit the bar a little more now.
