3 Maxi's on Raeburn Place in the heart of Stockbridge has been there for ever and yet it still seems to retain a sense of the temporary. I don't know whether it's the fixtures and fittings, or whether it's just that the walls are decorated with clocks, but it does make for a slightly unsettling experience. I must be the only one bothered by this because at any time of the day this place is buzzing, making getting a table a logistical challenge in the table-filled space.    The menu has changed in recent months, largely for the better. They still serve an all day breakfast including such Scottish stalwarts (?) as french toast and pancakes, bacon and maple syrup. But for me the greatest improvement is the soup-of-the-day. Always fresh, always homemade and always delicious. The coffee is good, the cakes look good but I've never tried one (honest) and the turnover is fast enough to keep the salad and deli offerings looking appetising. The service waivers between the good and the flakey, but is rarely poor.    I put the popularity down to a couple of things: That the food is reliably good and reasonably priced and that Maxi's isn't Starbucks, or Costa, or Cafe Nero. It is a local cafe, but not just for local people. It could be better, but then it wouldn't be Maxi's.
4 Pleasant staff, good French toast and well made scrambled egg as well as a reasonable selection of deli items made my recent brunch visit here a pleasure. It's often busy but the impression I got was that once you're in (and not taking the mickey by occupying a table and stringing out one pot of tea) you could stay for an age and chill out watching the great and the good wander past through Stockbridge, read the paper etc.  a rare thing in Edinburgh to my knowledge given that Starbucks etc. never impress me as being more than extensions of your lounge with profit at the forefront of their ethos. Stopped in here for a late lunch yesterday and safe to say that nothing's gone wrong with the place in terms of food or service since I was last in. Their menu could though do with a thorough proof-reading as having such errors as 'deserts' instead of 'desserts' isn't really excusable.
4 Alice summed this place up - Maxi's is the regular meeting place of ladies who lunch and excessively talk about their "friends". But if you're looking for a place to talk to your buddies in a similar fashion, it's rather nice.  Serving up wholesome food and a few continental deliesque offerings, Maxi's has one foot in being like an old fashioned tea room and the other on moving with the times. I didn't find it difficult to get a table since it's quite big but then, I wasn't visiting near lunch time. It's probably mobbed then, especially on a Saturday, because even during a mid week afternoon it seemed pretty popular with the locals.  That's always an indication of a good cafe though, and service was very efficient. They do a tasty soup of the day for a very reasonable price which I polished off.  I can imagine this place doing well if it was transported to the main street in a seaside town. I don't know why but it reminded me of the kind of cafes they have scores of in Helensburgh! But by that I mean it's relaxed, airy, affordable and a good place to come for a natter over a cup of brew.
3 I've been coming to Maxi's for aaaaages, since my school days actually. Maxi's has been a solid part of the Stockbridge cafe scene for a good while now, and does its cafe performing job pretty well, so has seemed to last the distance. Not outrightly trendy, but still what you would call a really nice cafe to look at, Maxi's doesn't have too many frills to it, but is still pleasant and comfortable enough that you feel happy for a bit sitting with a coffee and partaking in some chit chat.  The food is really reliably good here. The cafe serves a range of paninis, salads, and other wee menu bits, plus amazing cakes, and last time I was in I went for the veggie quiche plus salad of the day, which was delish. The food and coffees are the definite highlight of coming here, which of course they should be, seeing as that's the whole point, but I don't feel entirely relaxed here for some reason. Although Maxi's is fairly laidback, I felt the atmosphere was a bit on the quiet side when I went in...maybe sticking on a few cheeky background beats would have sorted that.   Also, the staff said almost nothing to us the entire time my friends and I were in there, which I found slightly unusual. It didn't exactly bother me, because I don't generally go to cafes expecting some sort of life changing conversation with the staff, although if that happens then fair play, and I was bantering away to my friends anyway, it was just something we noted afterwards. Perhaps there was some cafe themed urgent work going on, which meant the staff had no time for "isn't the weather great, are you having a nice day" type chat. Regardless, I'll be coming back again for some lunch time feasting, and no doubt a large slab of calorie laden cake.
2 I've been to Maxi's twice now and each time have been underwhelmed.  The first time for cake and coffee, and today for breakfast.    The cake was nothing special - pretty standard and most likely purchased from the same place that makes these kinds of traybakes and cakes for the vast majority of Edinburgh cafes.  The coffee was nice, but nothing compared to the likes of Artisan.  Breakfast today was actually pretty sub-par.  The staff are nice, but there are too many of them.  There are 11 tables with no table service, and there were 4 girls behind the counter who spent the majority of their time chatting because there was nothing else to do.  There could easily have been two less members of staff - they would have been busy for a bit, but it would have been do-able, easy.  I feel I can say this because I used to properly wait 8 table sections, while making drinks, coffee and salads, as well as bussing tables, and we were just fine.    The food, though, is what left us unsatisfied.  We each had eggs benedict, I had it with bacon and the man had it with sausage.  The eggs, bacon and sausage were well cooked.  The eggs were actually impressively well cooked - though maybe I'm impressed because the art of poaching an egg is something that is so amazingly beyond my grasp it's embarrasing.   However, the hollandaise was obviously out of a jar and really not nice at all.  It was thick and a bit bitter tasting, not the dreamy fatty creaminess which it should have been.  The toasted muffin as well had an unusual taste to the extent that I actually just resorted to eating around it.  I can't even describe the taste but whatever the description, it wasn't nice.    We walked away £15 lighter with full bellies, but wishing we'd stayed in for breakfast.
3 I like Maxi's but I just can't get particularly excited about it. I live in Comely Bank, as do several of my friends, so it's an obvious choice for a cooked breakfast and is usually where we go when in need of sustanance the morning after a night out. I am a big fan of the french toast with bacon and maple syrup (they do this very well) and the coffee is reliably good too. I've lunched here a few times and have always enjoyed the salads and I once had a delicious hot chocolate with marshmallows and chocolate buttons after a rainy walk along the Water of Leith. The cakes look amazing though, shockingly, I've never actually had one. I don't know why that is. It defies explanation! So, as far as the food and drink goes, I really can't complain. It's all good.  The service, however, is generally not great. I've often arrived to find that the free tables still have dirty dishes on them and the staff never seem to be in much of a hurry to clear them. I also think that they cram too many tables in so the place always feels overcrowded even if it isn't full. While I am fond of Maxi's and I always look forward to going there, I can't help but feel that this has a lot to do with its location. I can't imagine that I'd go there if I didn't live so close, or if Fredericks was in Stockbridge...
3 Maxi's is a solid place for brunch. The lunch menu is fine, but nothing special, and in a city like Edinburgh there are plenty of places that are something special. The dinner menu is uninspiring.  I normally go for the pancakes with maple syrup and bacon, and it never disappoints. I guess it's difficult to mess this particular dish up, but thankfully they don't. They do a decent hot chocolate too, but admittedly it is just machine hot chocolate with whipped cream and marshmallows.  Maxi's is a little bit pricey, expect to pay 10-15% more than you think you should for what you get. It might be the nicest place for brunch in Stockbridge, but a five minute bus trip into the city centre will take you to superior places. It's certainly not a must visit, but not a must avoid either.
