4 Occupying what used to be Nicolson's (where some of Harry Potter was apparently penned) this is a welcome change back from the site's most recent use as a Chinese buffet restaurant. The space is well lit, particularly by the setting sun at this time of year, and furnished in an understated yet quirky fashion.    The service is prompt and pleasant and the range of wines well priced, ranging from £10.95 to around the £25 mark. Unusually for a modest establishment of this sort they stock a dessert wine but that's to be commended.    Opting for the pre-theatre menu (£9.95 for two courses, £12.95 for three) my starter of potted duck was an ample size although more than one pickle would have been an improvement. My companion's soup of the day was pronounced a success although I've forgotten the flavour. Our main courses of skirt steak with champ & braised onions and baked feta with beetroot, blood orange and chick peas were both great (NB - this was a starter deliberately ordered as the second course) and the cheese board (brie, manchego and a soft blue) is the first I've had in a long time where the proportion of biscuits to cheese was spot on (if only Qype would award half stars that alone would have been enough for one).    I can readily see myself revisiting here soon.
3 The original Spoon used to be a gorgeous little café, perfect for meting friends or wasting a sunday afternoon eating cake.  Then they moved to Nicolson Street and tried to turn themselves into a bigger, bistro-style place, and I don't think they've really pulled it off. Being opposite the Festival Theatre means they do have a good pre-theatre menu in the evenings offerings a choice of three different starters/mains/desserts, which is really good value at £12.95 for 3 courses or £9.95 if you can only fit in 2.  But what they've lost in the new Spoon is the cosy, inviting atmosphere that there was in the old place. Where they've tried to be stylish and minimalist, they've ended up being clinical and cold.  It all depends what you want, personally when I go out to eat the thing I care most about is the food and not the décor. But if you're sitting with someone who clearly has their priorities the other way round, and so will not stop whingeing about it, it does end up ruining your meal.
4 Spoon Cafe is a trendy little Bistro located across from the Festival Theatre. My Dad took me here a couple of months ago before we went to see Scottish Ballet at the theatre, so perfect for the pre-theatre menu. The restaurant has an almost laid back, student feel to it while still trying to be quirky and sophisticated with it's mismatched chairs, bookcases and lamps.   My Dad and the rest of our party all had the pate and sour dough bread for starters, which came in a cute little pot. I sampled some and was instantly jealous, giving me high hopes for the main. Firstly, the pre-theatre menu had very little choice so I felt I kind of "lumped" for my main of ham, egg and chips. Of course it was done in a very chic way with approximately 4 hand cut chips positioned perfectly on the plate. It was nice, but it was so damn salty that I couldn't finish it. I didn't add salt to the dish but the chef clearly added it by the bucket load.  I was the only one to have dessert, a clementine jelly. It was refreshing and sweet, quite delicious really.   This restaurant has the potential to be so much better. I'm stuck between three and four stars, so I am going to be generous and give them four due to it's reasonably priced pre-theatre menu and location.
2 I'd heard several people rave on about Spoon and decided to finally visit when with my mother after she helped me move into a new flat nearby. I was initially impressed with Spoon. It was a large spacious cafe bistro, with interesting pictures with chairs imprinted with maps and pages from comics. It had a sort of a tidy "bits and bobs" feel. I was also impressed by the friendly waitress. It was a big improvement from the Chinese buffet house that used be here.  From then on it went downhill. The menu was small, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but there was little for vegetarians. I wanted to have soup with something else but my only options were basically soup with mushrooms or some mushroom quiche. In the end I just went with the soup. Hoping it would be enough to at least temporarily fill me up, I was given one of the measliest bowls of soup ever with a  little slice of bread. It tasted okay, all two sips of it. Maybe this place is named after its maximum portion size. A spoonful. I had heard this place was inexpensive (one of the reasons I was excited) for what you got but it wasn't, and my wallet was all the lighter for it.  What I thought was a simple, cheap place to grab some filling lunch was a disappointing experience. I left almost as hungry as when I went in.   The only other problem about this place is you are only allowed to eat with spoons. Nothing else. Even the steak. Spoons only. Okay that's a lie. But I do feel like I might as well have pocketed some of the cutlery with me to make up my money's worth.  I have since heard from others that this place has gone down hill a bit, that it used to be cheaper and the portions bigger. Maybe the recession hit it hard. Maybe it will improve again. Maybe I will try again one day and just ask for coffee.
3 Spoon Cafe Bistro is a quirky and pretty neat place to eat. Situated in the centre of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, Spoon Cafe Bistro is just across the road from the main University campus George Square and is a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach.   It looks pretty small and poky from the outside, but it is really spacious and open inside with wooden floors and lots of spaces between the tables which doesn't make it feel cramped and crowded. They have a selection of home made cakes, pastries and antipasti style dishes available. Spoon Cafe Bistro also offers soups, salads and cooked meals such as sausages for lunch, which cost about six pounds each. I come here quite a lot between my classes for a snack and a coffee, and I always have one of their home made cakes which are really beautiful, especially the chocolate brownie which is really light and fluffy which chunks of chocolate in it - yum!   Spoon Cafe Bistro also offers a very sophisticated dinner menu, if a bit short, which includes braised pork, squid and aubergine stew. I think sometimes they are trying to make themselves look more posh than they really are, but the food they produce is really gorgeous.
5 Spoon Cafe is a great place to go for lunch on Nicholson Street.  I came across it with some friends earlier this year and we came away satisfied that we'd had a tasty, filling meal with quick service.  As soon as we walked in the staff made us feel welcome and sat us at a table right away. The menu doesn't just have the usual soups and sandwiches, but also some more interesting dishes like smoked chicken salad.  I went for the wild boar sausages which were served with stewed peppers.  Our meals seemed to take no time to arrive and tasted amazing when they did, costing only about £6 each.   I definitely recommend Spoon Cafe for great food and service at reasonable prices.
4 I visited for the first time last Saturday. I had a very pleasant dining experience. The staff are very friendly. The wines by the glass are very good. We both opted for ham shank with mash and roasted parsnip. Good idea to order maybe a side of green veg. We were too full up for dessert. Will definitely go back .  Also we sat by the window so had nice views out to the busy street.
4 Stopped in for a coffee with a friend earlier today, and I must say that I did not expect what I saw at Spoon.  I have read many a review of the place and of course walked by it several times.  From the outside, it seems so unattainable.  It is a cafe situated on top of a cafe.  It almost seemed intimidating, like it was saying: "Yeah, we're a cafe... but are you located 5 meters above ground level?  That's what I thought. Peasant!"  The pleasant looking plants in the windows didn't help the "not a college student atmosphere" vibe it was putting out.  I was shocked, however, upon entering to find a spacious cafe catering to a wide demographic (by "wide demographic" I don't mean "fat people"... sorry fat people).  When you enter, you walk up a set wide stairs (sorry fat stairs) which ends with a series of old glass windows which time has rendered wavy and hard to see through.  From there you enter a vast expanse of... erm... well cafe.  It's a seat yourself kind of deal, with tables in a variety of sizes and shapes and newspaper coveredness.  It has kind of a quirkiness to it that makes you feel right at home instantly.  (Oh, it doesn't.... that's just me?  *Sobs quietly to self*)  Now, people have been raving about the prices, and I won't disagree... mostly because I can't.  I only had a coffee, which ran me about £1.95.  I've had much cheaper coffee, but then again I've also had much crappier coffee.  So it's not the cheapest cup o' joe in the city, sue me (don't), but the atmosphere and quality make up for the inflated price tag, I feel.
4 OK, this review has a slightly positive bias because I am a HUGE Harry Potter nerd and Spoon Cafe Bistro is located in the former Nicolson's Cafe, where JK Rowling first started penning her masterpiece.  So if, like me, you are a fan of the HP series and are also having a touristy day/weekend in Edinburgh, this is an excellent choice for lunch as it has a direct link to that beloved series and is also handily just a 1/2 mile from Edinburgh Castle.    Now, if this had just been a regular place without the patina of JK Rowling's presence giving it that extra magical glow (pun most definitely intended), I would probably have only rated it 3 stars, because the cost to food ratio just doesn't add up.  The individual options are pretty inexpensive but there is not much on the plate, and so you have to order a few things to feel satisfied.  This means lunch will probably cost you about £10 to £15 if you want to achieve proper fullness.  And you do, if you've been tromping about the castle and are preparing for some more tromping down the Royal Mile and up to Arthur's Seat.    However, it is an amiable little spot, with big bright windows, subtly kooky furnishings, plenty of seating, lovely service and very tasty food.  While all those things do much to recommend the place, if you are not a mega-HP fan like myself you might leave a little miffed (and hungry) about the small portion sizes.
4 I have lunch here about once a fortnight, and occasional pre-theatre dinners (it's very handy for the Festival Theatre). The food is simple but nice with a good variety and plenty of original ideas - the printed menu changes frequently, and there are always dishes of the day listed on the chalkboards. Service is always friendly, but speed can be erratic and sometimes ridiculously slow.    The decor is fun with an odd mix of secondhand tables & chairs and random bric-a-brac scattered about. The period windows are very elegant, but don't sit near them in winter as the old steel frames and single glazing can let in a lot of icy air! But for goodness sake don't replace them with anything modern. The large tables and excellent coffee seems to encourage a regular clientele of students with their laptops - I suspect the place has WiFi, but I've not checked that.    Certainly happy to revisit again and again.
5 I will say it loud and proud...   I like coffee more than alcohol. I like reading more than going to a pub (on a weeknight). I like food more than making out with a stranger.  I like having my face burned by hot oil more than going to a nightclub.  I'm 30. I am a grandma. I like grandma things, like tea in bed while watching my 'programs'. I like simple egg sandwiches and scones. I like weird fresh lime sodas that the kids don't think are delicious.  I like keeping a spare band-aid handy, just in case. I like flowery patterns and sun filled rooms with big tables and fresh flowers.  So, decidedly, I lu-uh-uhve this place.   Now, admittedly I didn't eat much, just a lovely egg sandwich cooked to perfection with hot sauce on some fresh baked bread. I had a sip of the ice coffee, and a bit of a latte, and a fresh lime soda! All very posh feeling, all a little bit pricey.   Screw expensive, I'm willing to throw down an extra .50p for a giant sun-filled room where I actually get a table and they don't bribe me to take away my coffee just so there's extra room in the cafe (I'm talking to you Black Medicine, you who I so dearly love).   There's huge tables! Couches! Books! Board games! And it's quiet enough to read, enjoy a coffee and sit for as long as you like without feeling like an asshole who's taking up a table.   The service was pretty excellent too, although I like my servers to be slightly less attractive so I feel like I can bring a date there. This place is definitely a friend-only, study alone place.   It's an amazing, wonderful, delicious, beautiful, perfect grandma friendly - BUT NOT grandma exclusive - place.
2 We figure we caught it on a bad day, during hectic Festival service, but it didn't really float our boat. We summed it up as: "willing to revisit Spoon, outside of festival time, to see whether we just caught them on a bad day. We could completely see how a hearty bowl of something or other on a wintry day, in this setting, would be great. It's just a shame that today's sheltering from the "summer rain" didn't realise more joyous results"
4 Why has it taken me so long to spend a lazy Sunday in Spoon, warming up with a delicious soup and mellowing out to random live jazz?  You could easily walk past Spoon and not notice it's there as it's only a wee door with stairs up to the first-floor café. But looks can be deceiving. Head up there and you'll walk into what I imagine the tea-room dance-halls of old to feel like, except scattered with chairs and tables. It's big. It's full of wooden tables and chairs. There's a kids play area. There are plenty windows. There are delicious cakes and friendly staff.  Snuggling up by the radiators and windows, you'd feel quite far away from the usual rather random hub-hub of Nicholson Street below. My one and only regret is Spoon doesn't have comfy couches, but perhaps if it did the customers would never leave. So it was a kitchen-table style set up for me and my girl-date.  It was 12noon on a Sunday so there was a choice of the breakfast or lunch menu. It's not hugely extensive, and the regular paper menu covers all the basic breakfast options of filled rolls, porridge, yoghurt and granola with some soup and others to cover lunch, but there are daily specials on the chalk board that seemed more substantial.  I pipped for the chorizo, bean and tomato soup whilst my date had the egg roll. And wow, that soup. (See uploaded photo). I usually avoid soups at cafés as they can be so hit or miss. More often than not they appear as blended, watered down veggie things. Not my soup at Spoon. It was more like a chunky broth with giant chunks of delicious chorizo, lovely beans and loads of veg. I felt health flowing into me as I ate it.  My date's egg roll actually gave me food envy despite my own soup was so lovely. The roll itself looked really nice, like a ciabatta, and came with two fried eggs inside.  It was quiet when we got there at 12noon but my 2pm it was hustling and bustling with small children wandering past our tables, gatherings of friends, and like I said impromptu two-piece live jazz in the corner. That was awesome (and again I bemoan the lack of seats).  I think they're open later for evenings as well. I love the idea of coming here in the evening to chill with some tea and good friends, and maybe more live jazz?
4 I love the space which this cafe/restaurant is set in. It's a great place to meet friends for a drink and there's even a large table which I've seen used by what looked like a book club.  The food is generally good although not always consistent.  Great place to grab a bite before a show at Festival Theatre, just let them know if you have time constraints.   Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
4 I really, really do enjoy this little cafe, tucked away above the ever-busy South Bridge.  Hard to find and equally hard to leave, this place will have you wanting to curl up by the fire with a good book and a strong cup of tea. There's something to be said for staring whistfully out a window on a Sunday afternoon.   And hey, if said whistful staring just so happens to include a bacon roll, who am I to complain?  The chairs, the tables with their old maps, the room-divider, the neutral white colours and the lovely old-fashionedness of it all, right down to the last house-plant, has warmed my cold little heart. I really do adore this place, the quirk of it, and the tea-ness of it.  I would strongly recommend this, for that afternoon where you find yourself needing something a little bit more quiet, a little bit different, perhaps a little bit more ... dare I say it, .. Victorian.  Oh, the good old days.
5 I love it. I love it, love it, love it.  That's not a song but it kinda sounds like it could be right?! Anyway, I'd only been here during the day previously and liked it. I was here last night for their Burns' Turns supper and by candelight, with live music and a room full of delightfully merry people, a wine list, drams of whisky, and delicious haggis (and even more delicious cranachan) I actually wanted to move in. Could I have this as my living room / open plan studio flat please?  The ambience, the candelight, the large amount of windows that look out onto the less -than-pretty Nicholson Street but still make it look pretty. The friendly, homely, family-run-feel staff. The cranachan (again).  It's open till 10pm I think, and they have beer, wine and food. And hot chocolate. And the food is good. And I think I'm going to move in. Sigh.
4 This is very nice quiet cafe to go with some friends on any day.  The staff is not very fast but the environment and the decor is nice.
4 the coffee is a cracker. the flat white came in a cute retro cup of the perfect size. milk texture was lovely and soft and the temperature perfect. it was strong, round and complex without any residual bitterness. loved it. on the a-list.
3 I love this place, I really do so it pains me to say anything negative about it, but I must admit: the service is below par. They're just .. really, really slow. You can easily stand beside the counter for a couple of minutes waiting for a table, and then have someone pop over to you asking if they can help you with anything (in a slightly puzzled look). Well, since there's a sign asking me to wait to be seated, yes you can!  But the thing that really bothered me the last few times I was here was the lack of hygiene, spotty subject, I know. But when I find dust in my teacup, we've got an issue, and I don't just mean a cleaning issue. We've got a caring issue. I love this place, but in order for it to be great, the staff must love it as well and take care of it as if it's their own.  Now, this might just have been the winter blues for the past 2 months but come on people, step up your game! I'm rooting for you here!
4 I've visited Spoon a few times during the day now, and I've decided I'm definitely a fan.   I like the quirky interior decorations, the mish mash of old school furniture and the whimsical paintings on the walls. Even a visit to the loos is fascinating, with old 1970s women's adverts plastered on the toilet doors and walls proclaiming that a modern woman can look 40, so long as she doesn't let the wrinkles show. What the?!   I had a lovely plate of lentil soup, served with a good helping of brown bread and butter on my latest visit. The soup was very tasty and I enjoyed every last drop. I shared a plate of home made chips, which were also very nice.   As for service, I was there with a few other people and we were very happy chatting away, so I didn't notice the relaxed (some say SLOW) service from staff. They were pleasant and friendly so all in all I've had several good experiences here. I'd happily recommend.
4 If I was studying in Edinburgh, I think I'd find myself here between lectures and the like. I went with a friend who had nothing but good things to say. The style of the cafe is so very divine - there's a vintage chic feel about it. It feels like the sort of place I could easily spend hours studying over a green tea and then forget about my lecture because I became so enamoured with the place.   It has a very relaxed feel and I like the fact that everyone seemed busy, preoccupied - reading books, working away. I had the thai fish and coconut soup as it's something I normally wouldn't consider. It was absolutely delicious! The elderflower juice was also great!   The clincher for me has to be dessert. What a delicious carrot cake! My favourite cake of all the cakes and it most certainly didn't disappoint! Service wasn't the quickest and one star has to be knocked off for the price. It was a little expensive for an everyday lunch. But I'd say Spoon is more of a treat. It certainly is special!
3 So I might be stoned by die-hard Spoon fans but I have to speak my mind. I am not a huge fan.   Probably the strangest bistro I've ever been to, but that's not the problem. I am usually a big fan of strange. The interior is confused, mixing vintage with urban decor in a spacious informal environment. There are couches and board games trying to marry a modern dining experience.   The service is slow and the menu is 'seasonal' which is often code for 'limited'. In this case it is, with lunch being difficult for those who aren't fans of fish or pork. Though hear the vegetarian options are nice, they are expensive. In fact, you won't leave this place without shelling out a good  £15 easy (with a drink), for a mediocre lunch and a chance to sit at a 'cool' wooden table. Plus the portions are pretty small and not hugely filling. I don't mind spending a bit extra for locally inspired, creative food, but it should make an impact and I don't find that to be the case here.  Meh, not my thing.
4 I love this place! The white coffee with soy milk is awesome. In addition the workers there are super nice and easy to talk to.
4 I met a friend for lunch today at Spoon Cafe and she suggested it since it has a great Old Town location that is super convenient and she said she had had a really nice dinner here. When I looked at the menu before going, I thought things seemed a tad on the expensive side for lunch. When I arrived, I was won over by the great ambiance of the place - it feels like a rustic French kitchen with bare wood floors, a large and open room, and tap water served in big old jugs. I just went for the soup of the day, which was a delicious sweet potato, pear, and chilli soup served with homemade wheat bread. It was all delicious, even if a tad spicy with all those chillies! For what it was, it seemed a bit of a small serving for soup for £4.50 but it was excellent. Everything else was a bit expensive for just a lunch I thought, but I did like the feel of the place except that the service wasn't anything to write home about since the staff weren't particularly friendly or attentive. Also, my other small gripe was that it seemed a bit noisy. This place seemed to attract lots of noisy kids today (I guess it is half-term, though). Perhaps it is better on a normal basis. I would think that Spoon Cafe has a very different ambiance at night compared to during the day. I enjoyed the sunny windows and think I would definitely come back for coffee, or perhaps for lunch.
5 I cant really make a rank of the cafe between these around the George Square. Spoon, Brew Lab, Peter's Yard and even the starbucks next to the sainsbury are all my first choice.  Spoon have two areas, one for drinking and casual talk, another one for food. i tried the food once, which is nice but still not good price for a student lunch. but i go to Spoon to meet friends and have drinks often, and sometimes order a piece of cake. the cakes of Spoon must be mentioned because they have different selections each time you went to. so that means their cakes are fresh made everyday.  The drinks are lovely, especially the hot chocolate,which is made from the real dark chocolate. You can tell it from the taste.  i love the inside decoration of spoon so much. i love every detailed stuff of it. :) definitely a good choice for meeting friends or just stay there alone yourself.
3 The staff here were unbelievably rude to me and my friends when we visited. The food was delicious if a bit expensive but I was really disappointed by the attitude of one particular staff member who must have been having a bad day. Another friend ate here recently and had a similar experience so despite the beautiful decor and delicious fare I don't think I will be going back for a while.
4 This bistro is nice!!!!! I had the Goats Cheese Salad and my friend had the thai pork soup! Reallt friendly service and gorgeous decor!
5 Really cosy atmosphere interesting bits and bobs dotted around the place Delicious lentil soup and the best hot lemon and ginger just what was needed for a sore throat
3 Drinks and pudding were delicious. My friends whom I joined were very happy with their savoury choices. We stayed late because the atmosphere is inviting and chilled. I look forward to sampling all parts of the menu next time. Spoon is hidden, being up all those stairs, however, it has a friendly feel and is a great shout for quality food in comparison to it's next door neighbours which are true for their value to money.
5 Although the interior presents a rather aesthetically challenging mix of items that were once found on the street on garbage day, the place is positively unique in many ways.  This also includes their employees; there is a woman working who seems unreal, Betty Page coming to life.  Unfortunately, some of their male staff have extensive flavour-savers in their faces, perhaps a bit too much beard for someone working in food service?  One wonders what kinds of things might fall out of them would one slap these dudes slightly on the back of the head.  They serve rather sophisticated dishes that are not pretentious, but intelligently designed and professionally executed.  So far I have not had anything that did not please me or my dining companions.  The Spoon is therefore the place to which we usually drag visitors to our little scientific operation at The UofEd.  Their menu balances well the orthogonal desires of herbivores and carnivores, and they have a passable collection of wines by the bottle.  It seems that their beer comes in bottles only, but I am not fully sure about this.   Because the place is upstairs, they do not tend to get a lot of random traffic, and there are also not so many students shaking it up.  The atmosphere is nice, but sometimes a bit darkened by the tasteless furniture.  Being "vintage" does not automatically bless an item with beauty.
4 A perfect spot for a pleasant weekend morning breakfast. Full of quirky fabrics and table decorations, Spoon offers a nice menu of traditional breakfast drinks and meals. Our waitress was very helpful, friendly, and attentive. Definitely just a good, reliable place if you're looking for an easy breakfast spot.
4 Have had a tremendously  lovely time. Pretheatre menu magnificent. Can't wait to go again.
4 The food is really good, not that vegetarian food is terribly hard, but not many people take the care to make it terribly good. The ambience is kinda rustic diner, which is the only reason I give it 4 stars- because it didn't seem to want me to sit alone for the hours I was there with my amazing fish dinner. The servers and staff are all exceedingly nice, and I love tipping American style for that. Bravo. w
3 So, I've been to Spoon a couple of times now and have arrived at a definite 3 stars.  The setting is lovely. Lots and lots of tables and mismatched chairs giving a nice eclectic homey feel. Very friendly staff too.   The most recent time there was a pretty long wait (an hour) until our food arrived and little attention whilst waiting which was a shame.  However we were a large group and there was another large group in so perhaps were a bit busy.   Food rather mediocre but good enough. Won't be in a hurry to return but wouldn't be totally disappointed to go again - if you know what I mean?
4 Spoon is one of those places that I tend to forget about when I'm in this part of Edinburgh (which is quite often); perhaps because its first-floor location is accessed via a very unassuming staircase off Nicholson Street that is easy to walk past.  However, it really is deserving of more attention as the food is really rather good and definitely sets this place way above other eateries in the vicinity (did you see what I did there?).  The décor seems like it's trying to create a vibe that's somewhere between a 60's kitchen and living room, being an eclectic mix of 60's furniture, mis-matched tables and chairs, standard lamps and those wire coatstands with plastic ends. It's errr... shall we say funky?  Spoon's pre-theatre menu is excellent value for money, with 3 courses setting you back a mere £16. Choices are well thought out, and there is always a veggie and a gluten-free option available. We both had the sea bream on Asian coleslaw with peanuts, chilli and coriander and the fish was just perfectly grilled. I preceded this with a starter of root vegetable and brown lentil soup that I could almost have stood the spoon up in, and topped it off with a dark chocolate pot with pear and shortbread.   Herself, who was nursing an incipient cold, was very impressed with a hot 'winter warmer' cocktail that involved mulched ginger, chillies, cloves and rum. This lifted her spirits so much that she was forced to order a second, whilst I made do with a glass or two of Pino Grigio.  The service was a little relaxed as we waited almost an hour for the main course to arrive, but to be fair they were very busy with the pre-theatre crowd and it was certainly worth the wait for the sea bream. Lovely.
4 I like Spoon, I do, but I should point out that my 4 star rating is based on the culmination of my visits thus far. If it were to be based on my most recent visit it'd be a 3.  Spoon has a lovely vintage atmosphere and décor (though it used to be much more eclectic, with vintage print and ads plastered on the columns), and it's a really big space. I'd hedge a bet and say it's too big for the kitchen, as food tends to take quite a while to arrive, even when it's not busy (but of course it can be nowhere near full yet still be seating a fair number of people!).  Mostly recently I attended for Yelp's Brunchy Munchy, but alas as we'd visited on a Saturday we had to make do with the breakfast menu rather than the brunch menu (only available on a Sunday, boo). I ordered the porridge, which was nice enough, though I was glad to still have some milk left in my jug from my pot of tea as otherwise it would have been a bit much and a bit solid. It was a fairly reasonable £3.50 for a bowl of porridge with a dollop of jam in the middle (I'd have liked a bit more jam, mind), but I'd waited an hour for it to arrive (yes, an hour for porridge), so I was pretty famished by the time it arrived and it felt wholly inappropriate as it was now decidedly lunch time rather than breakfast.  In the past though, I've tried a variety of dishes from lunch and dinner. Nothing is complicated, it's all competent to slightly fancy home cooking in style, but it's all delicious and flavourful. The set menu is a good deal, though limited in option, and there's always a variety of specials on offer (watch out for who writes this up though, I once had to go right up to the board to read it - the waiter who had written it admitted his handwriting is illegible - not helpful!).  Spoon is handily located for the Festival Theatre, and as it opened when I was studying over the road at Old College, I used to pop by for soup and a sandwich occasionally to break up library sessions. It's also easily one of the best options in the area for food.  Spoon misses out on that elusive 5th star I'm afraid, but on the whole it's very good.
3 I was unprepared for the vastness of Spoon. From the outside, it appears to be little more than a teaspoon, but once you've squeezed through the entrance and trotted up the wooden stairs, you emerge into a veritable serving spoon of a space; light, airy, and dotted with white muslin curtains, Spoon is a spacious joy.  Our table of ten, over to one side, included a nice squidgy pew along one of the walls, and nearby was a snuggling of Chesterfield armchairs (yes, that's totally the collective noun) in which I could imagine whiling away hours on end over a hot chocolate and a book. In terms of the place itself, no question, five stars.  It's a shame, then, that on this occasion the service was something of a letdown; we waited twenty minutes for our orders to be taken and a further hour for our food to arrive, though it was far from busy, and not a word was said on the delay. And once it had, nobody returned to check on us although I'd have loved another orange juice and was wedged between Yelpy pals on the squidgy pew so getting out was tricky.  I'd ordered the muesli and yoghurt. Perhaps I was imagining something a little more constructed, but what arrived was precisely that - a vast bowl of muesli with a slightly carelessly-shaped flurp of yoghurt across the top. It was very yummy, but the muesli to yoghurt ratio was large; more a case of too much muesli than too little yoghurt, and I ended up taking Jenna L's unused milk jug from her tea to moisten the remaining melee.  A trip to the toilets was a fun treat, though, decorated as they are with cuttings from old beauty magazines, all of them the print version of "keep young and beautiful if you want to be loved", which is highly entertaining reading while one carries out ones functions.  In short, I adored Spoon and really want to give it a better rating. I'm not sure what was up - at one point we were laughing because every single member of staff appeared to have vanished - but I fully intend to return here and give it another go. It HAS to be as good as it could be.  I'm not usually apologetic over a three star review, because it's a good rating - "A-OK" is fine by me - but would break my heart if "A-OK" were truly representative of somewhere that ought to be such a delight.
4 I discovered spoon in the Guardian in an article about the 10 best hangover-cafés in Edinburgh.  Little did I expect and was then extremely surprised by how vast and atmospheric it is. Decorated in vintage style - each piece of furniture and dish seems to come from a different flea market - it offers a very fine selection of food, also vegetarian.  It is a place for everything: breakfast, lunch and dinner with a changing menu. So far I have enjoyed their Scottish Breakfast several time (Haggis + English Breakfast. Delicious!) but their lunch menu us very good too.  It's a nice and cozy place to come, eat and read if you like.  It is central yet not too busy because it is situated in first floor and not too easily accessible, but that is something I like about them, because it gives it a sort of piece. It gets a bit crowded on Saturday mornings, though.
3 I like a quirky café as much as the next person*, but for me Spoon doesn't quite pull it off. It does a nice line in irregular chairs and tables, stuff hanging from the ceiling and art on the walls, but was a little too close to cafeteria territory for comfort.  *This isn't true. Cafés aren't my natural environment to be fair, though I've visited a few with other people in the past.  Some haikus:  The staff at Spoon were... Attentive up to a point Then gone for a while  Then the food - oh yes! But it took a while really Could have been hotter  Spoon was a good location for a Yelp Brunchy-Munchy, but no one wanted to stick around to luxuriate in their surroundings once the bill was paid.
4 I've come here on two separate occassions, once for brunch and another time for tea with friends.  Both experiences were enjoyable. I would give 3 stars for the food. It was alright, nothing spectacularly amazing though.   But the atmosphere! Spoon is in such a lovely location and the cafe is so well-lit with windows on all the walls. The quirky decorations and furniture just scream whimsical. It kind of makes you want to instagram everything in the room.  Basicallly, the food is okay but the atmosphere bumps it up to four stars.
