3 Best it seems to get in here early if you want a seat. We arrived around 9pm so only stayed for one pint as it was standing room only by that time. Reasonable atmosphere though, good range of ales and the bag of books I managed to leave behind was safe under the bar until I went to retrieve it the following night (when it looked to again be impossible to get a seat and that was at 8 on a Sunday) so probably somewhere I'd frequent again.
4 Fantastic boozer, very much felt like an old mans pub but then we were introduced to the rear of the bar. Huge fire, massive comfy couches and the day we were there on a random Thursday, we were treated to two guys playing with a banjo and a guitar. There was a great sense of ease about he whole pub and so different.
5 Best Sunday evening in town. Without a shadow of a doubt.  As the oldest pub in Leith (so they say), it is quirky and charming. I can't describe it but recommend that you go, even if only for a pint. It's not a wide open pub with loads of seating and elbow room. It's a place you go to to feel like you're in a proper pub. Smallish but well stocked bar, good options on tap, and really reasonable prices. Gin and Hendricks, £3.50. Pint of Amstel, £3.80.   I went this past sunday with my last £4.00 from the wild weekend, and got myself a pint of good beer. And why not! Because through the back, is a smallish room full of character, good banter, laughter and even better music! The Jammy Devils play here, typically, every Sunday. Not the full band mind you, drums wouldn't fit. I'm actually very excited to be reviewing both this pub and my favourite Scottish band. They play such a diverse and exciting range of hits, that you can't help but jump up and dance to, even in such small quarters. They are funny, natural, and incredibly talents. I can't hear 'Sunshine on Leith,' and 'American Pie' and not think of the way they sing and play it. Sometimes...better than the original artists.   Sunday evenings here are my ultimate favourite of the week. You see familiar faces, that always say hi, and it's a great pick me up from the weekend you might have just had. A great way to close the week, or begin it. If I could, I would go every Sunday evening. It's not a late one, get there early, about 6 for seats through the back, otherwise you are left standing. But I suppose that is part of the charm, it gets so rammed everyone just laughs about it. The band begins playing about 7, and finish about half 8. Enough for a couple pints, laughs with friends, and the overall good feeling you get to singing along to quality music.
5 Great wee pub, especially on Sunday nights as the Jammy Devils play every week! Went in a couple of Thursday nights ago and they had a different band in as well who were really good.   Amazing strawberry beer on tap - Fruli! Tastes divine!
