4 I've seen the City Cafe hailed as Edinburghs original style bar which I think does the place a disservice as it has much more character than most of the style bars that sprung up around town in recent years.    The place looks vaguely like a 50's style diner complete with pool tables. There's a few booths and other seating but it tends to be standing room only when the weekend evening come around.    Food at the City Cafe is of good quality and served in generous portions. They doe the standard burgers, wraps, club sandwiches along witha few more interesting options.    If only they had a juke box as good as Nice N Sleazy in Glasgow!
4 The City Cafe has hipster written all over it, and it's not a bad thing.   It looks like a typical 50s diner from the outside, and you can imagine girls swinging in their big skirts while guys lean over the jukebox looking smouldering with a James Dean quiff. Not that any of these attributes are bad -  I love that sort of thing.  There's seating outside and lounging smokers are posted there on a sunny day. If you choose to go over the threshold you can expect a functional amount of booze, some food offerings and a variety of people socialising of all ages. During the day you can nab yourself some grub (including spicy burgers which always go down well), and have some quiet drinks accompanied by house music playing unobtrusively in the background.  During the evening, The City Cafe is transformed into a different animal. It's a gig venue, and popular with local bands. During the Fringe it particularly comes alive and ususally hosts a number of in-house comedy and dramatic artists for the duration of August.  My friends and I envisaged the worst comedy act I've ever seen in the City Cafe, but not even that deterred from my otherwise great impression of the place. With its checkered floors and low-fi appeal, I love that it looks a bit left of the dial and is laid back enough to trawl in wearing some baggies for a few beers. One of the better bars in Edinburgh.
3 Back in my days as a slave to a certain trendy High Street Store, this is where most of the work night outs would commence.  It is full of scene kids who think they are uber unique and carry around satchels filled with Shakespeare because they think they are being different. Despite that element, there is quite a relaxed atmosphere and it is an okay point for starting a night out. It gets annoyingly busy on the weekends so go during the week to avoid the crowds, then head down to Cab Vol as that is where the cool kids go afterwards.
4 City Cafe has got that kind of underground, we are not part of the mainstream atmosphere to it, having long been established on the scene as a prior to going clubbing venue for dance aficionados and other alternative genre lovers. It's pretty no frills in here, with the relative simplicity of the interior giving the bar a no nonsense, get a drink down you and don't make a fuss edge to it.  The drinks here are always pretty cheap as far as I can recall, obviously a bonus when you're about to go to a club and pay club prices, and you can also play pool, also a bonus if that's your activity of choice, and also great if you're in an awkward, banterless situation, where you can substitute physical activity for chat.
5 I totally agree with everything that;s been said before me. It just reeks cool, and it's sort of a place to be seen but to push aside mainstream George Street bars. Make sure you're looking cool when you're in here, maybe come here after a hair-cut or after a few cocktails!!  It's a really nice place to be in general. I love sitting here no matter the weather, it's a nice experience with a lovely atmosphere!
5 Went in for food twice over the weekend. First time i've been in since it had its 50's Diner Overhaul.  Anyway the food is great not a huge selection but well worth the money. They also do the best breakfast i think i've ever had. Superb fry up for only £6.50  nom nom nom. :)
3 its cute... but a bit divey... the food was decent but nothing to write home about... too much food, as well.  the beer was flat, too.  the people were nice and so was the music, i suppose a must see, but don't expect much.
4 The City Cafe has had a complete refit as of Dec 2010 (we visited Feb 2011 on a quiet Sunday night). The diner aesthetic has completely taken over with the space split into booths, bar chrome shined up, a Wurlitzer juke box moved to the front and the venue downstairs becoming hire-only. There is much more focus on food and the diner feel (menus at every table, staff in bowling-style shirts) and the food looks pretty good. We'll be back to sample it for sure. The ever-so-slightly cooler-than-thou feel of the place is gone, although I have no idea what the Fri/Sat crowd is like. Free wifi and comfy seats. Win.
4 I really like what they've done with the place. The new menu is fantastic bar food  we got two platters, one veggie and one meaty (see pics) and it was all cooked to perfection and well presented.  We sat next to the Wurlitzer jukebox which was free to use and had some cracking golden oldies on it. Unlike TGI's or the Filling Station the new 'theme' didn't cross the line into parody or feel contrived. The City Caff is the City Caff after all.   Although, I have to say, sitting in the booth listening to 50's music with a burger defo made me bagsy Fonzie, there's no way I'm being Ritchie Cunningham.
4 Surprised I've not reviewed this place before, having been a customer over a number of years. Probably best to be writing it up now though as since its takeover (& small makeover) last year the food has thankfully returned to the level of quality I'd come to expect so if you are in the market for a good burger this is a good choice. The eggs benedict is decent too. There's now a single pool table upstairs after a few months of there being none. By the looks of things it allows for better cue positioning than the two tables that were here in the past but I've yet to play on it myself.
3 So far so average.  First time in here. The 50's diner decor has been done very well. I felt like Marty McFly entering the Hill Valley diner in 1955. They don't have Tab or Pepsi Free either. They may have Pepsi Max, but I didn't ask.  Nothing really special on the food and drink front though. There is the usual selection of fizzy amber on draught, Heini, Carlsy, Kronny and, er, Tennantsy.  The food isn't expensive, but it's still not cheap enough or good enough to make it cheap and cheerful. I wasn't impressed by the Apache Burger (smoked bacon, cheese and BBQ sauce), with bland, home cut fries for £8.50. There was nothing happening in that burger. I've tasted much better at BK, and I hate saying things like that. Maybe I picked the wrong thing, but a 50's style American diner should have outstanding burgers.  It was supporting the recent Oxjam Takeover by hosting some excellent acts, this earns it the 3rd star up there.
4 A friend told us to meet her here and i was expecting a lame, sticky-floored, uninspiring tourist hole...   ...but it was actually one of the coolest places we'd been to in Edinburgh. A 50's diner! Awesome! They have a jukebox, black and white checked floors, chrome fixtures and the swellest darn uniforms you ever did see. The drinks menu isn't spectacular, but the food totally makes up for it. I had my regular cheeseburger and while it wasn't the best I've ever had (In-n-out in Barstow CA, you have that trophy) or the best even in Edinburgh (Golf tavern, this one's for you), it ticked most of the boxes in my brutal cheeseburger checklist. The patty was really juicy and delicious and there was plenty of pickle, just the bun let it down. But only a little. It was a 3.5 bun around a 4.8 burger. I highly recommend dropping into this place at least once. The theme is so cool! I'm sure it would lose it's lustre eventually, and the waitresses probably want to self-terminate, but if you've never been you should give it a whirl.
3 A peanut butter banana milkshake at 10pm on a Saturday night. Do I need to say anything else?  Well, I probably should. But I mean, the fact you can get a peanut butter banana milkshake at 10pm on a Saturday night is pretty epic. Or Ferrero Roche milkshake. Or After Eight. Or whatever tickles your fancy.   As Luke D has said, it's a 1950s style diner....bar...thing. It immediately makes me think of Marty McFly and that scene where he sees his parents and is like "whoah my mum is hot". You know that diner they're in? But with less incest and more milkshakes.  It's open all day so there's the straight-up diner menu of burgers, fries, hot dogs, shakes. And the menu runs till 10pm. Winning.  But it's also a really big, loooooong bar with a pretty impressive selection of spirits. Equal parts ice cream and schnapps. Nice.   There's a pool table up the back, tv screens with movies, big booths, and a downstairs space for renting out events. I was a birthday party here in December and it's an alright space to be fair.  The music was a *little* odd. Or maybe it was just surreal drinking milkshakes in a diner whilst listening to dancey dance stuff, by a proper DJ with decks and everything. Lindy hop might have been more appropriate. Or even the soundtrack to Grease.  And the crowd was a bit random. A mix of students and older folk, but mainly students. That could bug me and would probably stop me coming here all the time.  I can see myself coming back here more often, and I'm curious to see if the burgers are as good as the shakes. Three stars for now as it was nice but the music was a little off. Great staff though. And that milkshake was better than any vodka red bull (not that I've ever enjoyed that drink). Was buzzing until 4am. HARD. CORE.
4 My boyfriend and I came here on Saturday lunch time, on a quick Edinburgh stop over on our way to Glasgow from London. Edinburgh is where I have spent the past eight years, but I still hadn't got round to checking out the revamped City Cafe before I moved away, so since it's pretty close to Waverley we decided to come here for some lunch.  I loved the kitsch 1950s diner style, and the variety of food on the menu, which made choosing my lunch quite difficult. The girls serving us were very sweet and friendly. I went for the chilli chicken burger and my boyfriend went for the apache burger. To be honest, having ate in City Cafe before (but waaaay back when), I wasn't expecting great things, but I was very pleasantly surprised.  My chicken burger was real chicken breast, salad, pickles (oh pickles!), shredded beetroot, grilled pineapple and some chilli sauce, which actually did provide a great kick. It also came with thick cut chunky "home fries" which were piping hot and delicious. My boyfriend was equally pleased with his choice, and the burger was definitely home made. I didn't try it because I don't eat pig, but it looked good. I thought that £8.50 for a burger of that quality was very fairly priced, and it more than filled us up - we both struggled to finish (I left the bun, the cheats way to eating burgers!)  My boyfriend was GUTTED because he LOVES milkshakes, and he didn't realise that they had any on the menu because it was on the very back page. I am sure that he will be requesting that we come back here so that he can try them out the next time we are in Edinburgh.
2 What can I say? Not. Impressed. Slow and messy service.  Food is just OK.  American dining theme is fine although I'm not a huge fan. On the plus side, they have a room with a bar downstairs which you can hire for private events, and a pool table at the back of the main bar.
2 Again, went there for a voucher offer. Breakfast for two with coffee and "juice". Sweet.  The breakfast was huge but not impressed by the quality of ingredients. Tasted a bit like Lidl pre-packed sausages to me... The kind of stuff you'd expect from Snax Café.  The "Juice" was some translucent chemical fluid that neither my flatmate nor myself managed to drink. Coffee was okay though.  The waitress hardly noticed us as there were empties left on the table and she apparently thought we were previous customers. I'm also not a huge fan of the American diner thing, especially when you compare it with the massive breakfasts you can get in the real stuff.  Haven't tried in evenings, to be fair.
3 good black currant lemonade (carbonated & sweet). the chicken strips weren't that good. fries looked good but were just average. The burger, however, was really juicy and tasty! fringe venue downstairs-sits quite a few people
4 Well hiya hot dogs! And burgers! And curries! And milkshakes. And waffles. And all-day breakfasts. And moroccan tagine. And wow, wait, there is SO much food here and it's ALL good and they serve it all till 10pm.  But I'm mainly all about the hot dog. (Look at uploaded photo. That was one beast of a 'dog).  The only thing missing from this American diner is rollerskates for the wait staff (although, thinking about it, that sounds terrifying. How did they ever do that without dropping and breaking everything?) It's adorably American-dinerish inside. The black and white tiles, the red plush leather booths, the duke box. And they have all that American diner food, like the hot dogs, burgers and milk shakes. But they've also got the traditional Scottish options (fish and chips) and other things (a whole range of curries, including one with duck) and if the quality of the hot dog, burgers and milk shakes is anything to go by, it's alllll good.  There's a pool table. There's a downstairs hire space. There's a bar. There's food. It's open from early doors to late doors. I already mentioned it, but there's food till 10pm. Yup, milk shakes till 10pm.   You know when you were 11 and watched Grease and always wanted this cool American diner place to go where all the cool kids hang out and break out into songs about cars, or hair, or something, and then you can slurp a milkshake and be one of the cool kids too? (Or was that just me?) Well I think this is kind of the closest thing we'll get in Edinburgh.
4 I have to give big kudos to these guys. 15 hungry Yelpers showed up one Saturday morning looking for brunch. They were happy to reserve a big table for us on the phone prior, and were chilled out when half of us (well, mainly me) couldn't decide what to have. Also, given that 15 people placed an order, the food came super quickly.  And mmm the food. I had a hot dog myself, and it's pretty good as far as hot dogs go. It comes with onions and bacon and a mustard mayo mmm. I waffles looked amazing, especially Valerie M's with the berries, bacon AND maple syrup (I know right?!) although all who had them agreed that the batter itself was really sweet (maybe a little too sweet)? The eggs benny looked delicious, and Lou V's healthy but decadent choice of ecruidtés with dips looked really good too. I'm pretty sure about 6 milkshakes were ordered, one of which was definitely a ferror roche milkshake (complete with the FR atop), Owen C's was alcoholic (including baileys I believe) and the malteaser shake I got a taste of from David J was mmm good!  So as far as food goes, this is a great place for a big feed, lots of options (all day breakfast and brunch options, milkshakes, pancakes, waffles, Scottish fry-up, as well as sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, Moroccan tagine, veggies with dips, crepes, desserts... it's mainly American themed but with sprinklings of Scottish and Mediteranean.  Again, big props to the staff. I thanked them kindly for having us in, such a big and noisy and hungry crowd, and they told me it was a pleasure and WE had been great. So big whoop to us Yelpers too - apparently we're a great crowd to have in!  Go expecting American diner and you'll get an American diner with that familiar Scottish friendly welcome. Smiles!
4 In a former life I used to visit this establishment from time to time, I worked around the corner and there were few more welcoming sites than the stylised facade onto Blair Street. Back in those days there were sweets for sale over the bar (true) and fish tanks near the door (I think that's true). They both seem to have gone, replaced by alcoholic milkshakes - this is the debauched age we live in people, where the innocent pleasures of old just done cut it.  They also did a nice line in free postcards. Not the sort advertising another club night, or a brand name from some faceless multinational, these were postcards for the sheer hell of it. Pieces of art; items of cultural; cartoons of note and photographs of integrity.  Maybe they're still there? Maybe I tried too much milkshake from my neighbour at this morning's brunch.  What else has changed... well it's refreshing to be able to see through the windows at the back - there's a whole world out there, though to be honest it's better looking from the other side: between the flats of Tron Square* you can peer through into the warm and cosy glow of this establishment.  *That's not the square outside the Tron pub, for that is Hunter Square at the top of Blair Street. The one with the gold double postbox to celebrate Chris Hoy's Olympic success. But you knew that.  There's just the one pool table now, but it's probably still over priced and doubly popular. For all I know the downstairs bar could probably still do with a bit of a facelift, but this morning the glass doors were covered over to shield unsuspecting eyes from whatever the ladies on the other side were getting up to and making lots of noise in the process. A dance class perhaps? It's certainly part of the community.  I had a very nice plate of scrambled eggs (tasty, colourful and not in the slightest bit runny), salmon (fresh and succulent) and toast (toast). Followed it up with a Malteser milkshake (non-alcoholic, tasty).  It was really nice to be back in this place. The City Cafe has a different feel depending on the time of day, so try it at your leisure and see what gives. If you see them selling sweets from behind the bar you will let me know, aye?
3 brunch is quickly becoming my favourite meal of the day!  the options of eggs and toast or a burger with chips for the first food consumed of the day is a foodie's dream and it was for this meal that i headed to the city cafe with some other lovely yelpers to start my saturday!  the city cafe portrays itself as an american diner, with chrome and red leather detailing and the stereotypical black and white tiled floor.  on entering i was given a warm welcome and pointed in the direction of a large table reserved for us partaking in brunch.  i have to say the seating area was my first let down of the day as it was in the middle of the restaurant which was rather dark and didn't allow too much natural light from the windows at the front or back.  not overly pleasant when dining on a rare sunny day in edinburgh.  seat taken and chatting commenced, i looked over the menu and decided it was a breakfast brunch and opted for the eggs florentine along with a ferrero rocher milkshare that i shared with the lovely Lou V.  the milkshake arrived shortly with a mound of whipped cream and a ferrero rocher chocolate adoring the side.  i was very kindly given the chocolate to eat and we both took a sip of the milkshake.  it was very very good, thick but not so thick you couldn't drink it through a straw and tasted exactly like the chocolate it was named after.  however, the milkshake was most definitely the high point as food started to arrive and my dish was one of the first out.  it looked very nice (i've posted a picture) and i was very much looking forward to it.  but after everyone had received their dishes and i finally dug into mine it was more on the luke warm side.  i don't know if this was from sitting for a few minutes while everyone got their food or if it had come out of the kitchen this way.    i don't know if you've ever eaten luke warm poached eggs, but it's not really the best way to eat them.  the wilted spinach lacked its promise of having been wilted in butter and the toasted muffin was just that....a dry toasted muffin.  the only thing that really saved this dish was the hollandaise sauce which was really tasty (probably full of the butter my spinach lacked!) and i wish there had been more of it.    so overall city cafe was really just A-OK, the milkshake was great, the actual meal was sort of lacking and i didn't leave feeling as excited about brunch as when i had walked in...  will i be back, maybe for a milkshake but i'll probably get my food from somewhere else.
3 Had brunch here with fellow yelpers and I'm surprised how often I've walked pass this place without noticing it.  It has an American dinner look to with black and while tiles, serving shakes and burgers  Service speed is ok but I must say I enjoyed myself tremendously with its burger meal. The chips are huge and crispy, the vegetables on the burger was fresh and the others were also raving about the sausage rolls and shakes.  Price range is affordable. There's even a pool table.  Perhaps not very suitable for large groups, as the seating arrangements we had was slightly awkward to socialise in.  I'm definitely going back again.
3 I like the City Cafe.  I don't love it, but I like it well enough.  It doesn't live up to the American Diner experience it appears to promise - the food isn't authentic enough and the music is terrible most of the time but it had a chilled-out atmosphere and is always good for a place to go for a coffee/drink and a catch up with friends.    I love that you get free coffee refills, and there's a good selection of drinks both alcoholic and non-, and they also do some amazing milkshakes - the banana and nutella is out-of-this-world good!  The food is a bit hit and miss, I've had some decent, if not amazing, burgers and sandwiches but I've also had some soggy vegetables served as crudites with dips.  The chips are ok, but I can't help wishing for some skinny fries with my burger rather than the thick cut chips on offer.  But the music! Oh, the music.  Often too loud, and often not in-keeping with the vibe of the place, it grates on my nerves.  I don't want to hear generic pop crap when I go to a self-styled 'diner', I want something a bit different.    Good space though, and they have a room downstairs you can hire for events, gigs etc.  Staff are all nice, and service is good..
4 BEWARE: Tourist review.  As much as I want to hate myself for going to an American diner themed place, I remember how much I enjoyed the veggie Scottish breakfast here when I was in town four years ago.  Returned with my brother and boyfriend while we were in town, and we wound up returning twice in two days.  (Granted, the second time was due to me leaving my gloves there the first time.  But coffee was consumed.)    The menu is huge.  The breakfast was as satisfying as I remembered.  Nutella shake was bangin.  Coffee was solid.  Wifi was free.  The horde of Scottish hipsters at the pool table was adorable.  The restrooms were really cold.  The bill was very cheap.  It should be noted that after a few hours after our last meal there, my boyfriend felt a little lousy and my brother broke out in hives (very unusual for him).  They blamed the mayonaise left sitting on the tables, and since I skipped on the mayo for that meal, that could very well be the case - but the reactions could also have been to one of our beers after dinner as well.  At any rate, Americans keep mayo in the refrigerator, so City Cafe should consider staying authentic and doing the same.  I'll be back next time I'm in town.
4 I could see that this place could be great at night. I was her in the am for breakfast was alright (I had been up for over 24hours, so nothing would have satisfied me but sleep really). Free wifi, outside seating and that 50s feel.
4 Great for brunch or lunch... American style diner... Huge burger challenge!
4 John Travolta to Uma Thurman, Pulp Ficition:  'Did you just order a $5 shake?....that's a shake, that's milk and ice-cream, that's $5?' Shake arrives....'I gotta know what a $5 shake tastes like....God damn that's a pretty f*****g good milkshake..I don't know if it was worth $5 dollars but it was pretty f*****g good!'   The milkshakes at The City Cafe cost roughly from £5 and come with or without alcohol and can be plain flavoured or a delightful concoction, for e.g. forerro rocher milkshake - god damn and even cocktail milkshakes, I said god damn! These shakes are yummy and worth every penny!  Also at The City Cafe I have enjoyed a brunch of stacked pancakes with berries, cream and maple syrup - mmmmmmmmm, and a pretty good burger too!  The service here is great. I love that from the outside, the cafe looks like any other cafe but as soon as you walk through the door, you are transported to another era with this American Diner theme and can it be a warm welcome from the grey streets of Edinburgh.   The events put on sound pretty good too and I hope to attend one some time.   I'm just missing James Dean or Marlon Brando when I look around the place :)
5 I'm ashamed to admit that before the Yelp is the word event here a few weeks ago I have never tasted the food at the City Café, I've only ever visited for drinks. After tasting the mini hotdogs they served us as tasters (and some of the ultimate burger challenge) I vowed to come back and enjoy a full portion of something from the menu.   Cue Graeme F out of the blue deciding he'd quite like to go to the City Café for a hotdog last Saturday. A great idea in theory but trying to get a table for food in a place that is essentially a bar on a Saturday evening is tricky. We managed to get seats at the counter after politely asking a couple of girls if they would mind scooting up a seat. To me, eating at the counter just added to the American Diner experience (though people ordering drinks at the bar over your head or in the gap between you and your friend is rather annoying when you're trying to eat.)   We took a bit of time deciding what to order, there are lots of really tasting sounding things to keep you umming and ahhhing, eventually coming back to where we started ordering the hotdogs. The hotdogs were lovely, covered in shredded smoked bacon, caramelised onions and a wholegrain mustard dressing. It was just the right balance between sweet and tart and the hot dog sausage was also very tasty. It also comes with a teeny little bucket of skinny fries, they were lovely but I could have easily eaten more, I regret not adding on a side of home fries. (Small warning a side of coleslaw in this place could easily feed 4 people, HUGE portion. Honestly, who eats that much coleslaw??)   The atmosphere was really great; they had some oldies tunes playing that had me swaying about in my seat and singing along. I also got laughed at by the bar staff for loudly booing when the shifted to more modern music. (I think Graeme F may have left me for another table if there were any chairs available.)  Visiting this place makes me want to go more often. Can't say better than that.
3 The City Cafe is great fun with a 50s diner theme throughout,   the space is split into booths, the bar looks straight out of Greese with the bar chrome shined up, a Wurlitzer juke box is at the front too and the venue downstairs is hire-only.  I went to the Elite event here and really enjoyed it so when we were caught in a sudden down pour on the Royal Mile this weekend we dashed in for some shelter. A couple of Bloody Mary's and we felt a lot better. They did have capers in which I wasn't overly keen on, the bacon vodka option was interesting and tasty plus the spice level and flavor were good too. We ordered nachos with chilli beef which were nice but not as good as good as they could have been. I think I will stick to the burgers next time though not the Ultimate burger challenge which I fear would be the end of me.
3 I remember when City Cafe was much more utilitarian, starker, all metal, and allegedly a favourite of 'cool' types... and then it had a makeover and was transformed into an homage to American diners (without going quite the full hog into a full-on theme). I liked that you used to get a sundae glass of popcorn when you ordered, alas this detail has gone by the wayside.  I've eaten here a few times, and always been happy - burgers good, fajitas good etc. I would criticise the children's menu though - I came during the Fringe last year with a friend and her two young children aged 18 months and 5. Despite doing a children's menu (and the website having an example of a colouring in sheet you are supposed to be supplied with, we weren't) they didn't have any highchairs so the toddler was climbing up and fidgeting the whole time at our booth. And the kid portioned burger is tiny - one little slider sized patty, which definitely wouldn't fill up a 5 year old...  Most recently I was here last night with two friends who are up from London. Their journey up had been delayed so we didn't arrive til half 9 and were glad the kitchen was still open (the same couldn't be said for The Tron, where we'd gone first). One had nachos, which were fine - although a very small serving, and the other had the Apache burger. The chips that came with this were lovely - big, chunky, crispy and floury.  So it's fine, and I'll almost definitely be back, if only because it's one of the nicer pubs in the area (they also serve Stowford Press, a plus), but the portion sizes are small and my (admittedly rare) experience of coming here with children was a real disappointment.
3 Situé dans le quartier touristique de la ville, ce café bar est tout ce qu'il y a d'ordinaire : pas de surprise, pas de déception.
4 Every time I'm in Edinburgh I end up here at some point. The food's great and the staff are a pretty cool-but-nice bunch. Whilst its changed over the years, now got the whole American Diner thing going on, it's still a bar so you'll feel just at home coming for a few beers or a meal. But don't expect intimate dining, particularly at the weekend or during the festival in August. Get a couple of craft beer taps on the go and I'd never leave the City Cafe!
5 There is a chill in the air, and a sharp wind blowing through my overcoat. I duck in an alley and try to light up a smoke. Damn. Out of matches. I keep walking, when I see it out of the corner of my eye. My own personal miracle, a beaten up book of matches. Fast as a saint in confession I tear one off, strike it and breathe deeply. The dry smoke fills my cold lungs. First cigarette of the day. My head spins and I lean on the wall for support. Just before thrusting the book in my pocket I catch a glimpse of the cover, City Café... Why did that name seem so familiar? I couldn't think on in too long, I had to get to work before the Chief had my hide.   I walk in with a ding and the Chief calls me into his office before he even sees me. This is bad. This has to be bad. I prepare my ears for the raging timpani of aggression. But it never comes. He just looks at me and smiles a little.  He cracks his dry lips and says gently, "You do remember what day it is, don't ya ace?" I go from thinking I was about to clear my desk to, 'ace'? Something wasn't right.  "No," I begin slowly, "... am I missing something boss?" He laughs low and loud,  "Today's... Challenge day!" he exclaims. 'Challenge day'... of course. It all comes flooding to the front of my mind. The matches. I'd thrown them there after staggering home last night. After I'd drunkenly challenged the Chief to the Burger Challenge.  The day passes without a hitch. The Chief slaps me on the back,  "Let's get to it then." He barks, "You talked a pretty good game last night. But that was last night."  We walk between the pools of yellow streetlight, and slowly we approach the City Café in all its chromed glory. The place is stacked. Pretty dames and smilin' fellas from wall to wall. Milkshakes and bourbon, salads and pancakes. I even see one girl drinkin' a cosmopolitan. This joint has it all.  We pass through the doors and I'm instantly stopped by a beautiful gal with a red shirt and a tight apron, "You those two boys silly enough to try the Burger Challenge?" She says quietly in a southern drawl. We both nod sheepishly. "Well the chef's got em' ready ahead of time, I'll take you to your seats." I sit across from the Chief and we both pour over the description of the behemoths we're about to eat. "Three hamburgers?" The Chief starts, "Two chicken breasts?" his voice raises in pitch, "Two bean burg..." He peters off as the twin pair of culinary planets hit the table. "Forty five minutes to go boys," says the waitress as she skips back to the bar.  Time slows. My heart slows. I look to the Chief. I look at the herculean trial below me. I look to the sky. I swallow calmly and begin.  *          *          *  I'm forty minutes in. Sweating from every pore in my body and slipping in and out of consciousness. The hamburgers were gone. The chicken, devoured. The bean burgers, annihilated. All that is between me and the end of this damned thing was a bowl of fries.  I eat one. I eat another. As I attempt the third, a crippling wave grips me. I can't eat anymore. I... I just can't. I look across the booth to see the Chief, just over half finished and as immobile as me. "Why?" He gurgled, "Why would we do this?" I pay and crawl out the door avoiding eye contact at all costs. I leave with my pride shattered, but in awe of the little Café with the big boast.  I look back one last time and light the last smoke of the night.  "Maybe next time ace." The boss says.  "Yeah," I reply, "Maybe next time."  - Based on a true story. Some elements fabricated. Account of burger true. Atmosphere and service tippy top.
5 Never tire of the City Cafe. On a recent visit, I ordered the Apache Burger which came on a wooden board with a side of fat, crispy, floury fries. Not the burger challenge by any means, but still a mouthwatering repast. I washed it down with a cold Guinness, as I couldn't find any other ales (not a criticism, more an observation) The decor, the service and the overall feel of the place, always drags me back whenever I visit Auld Reekie.
3 Amidst the panic-writing of my final year report, I almost forgot that it was pancake day today. Almost. At midday I called my sister and arranged to go for a pancake date later that afternoon. A quick Google search of 'pancakes in Edinburgh' yielded numerous matches, but the most convenient meet-up place for us both was City Cafe, just off the Royal Mile in town.   I had heard of this place before, mostly because of the burger challenge that it has (if you can eat the mega burger, you get it for free, but if you're defeated then you have to cough up 30 quid). Sure enough, the menu online showed there was a pancake option and so the deal was sealed.   The interior is a bit faded, it's trying to be All-American diner style but just is a bit more A9 than Route 66. Our table was also a bit dirty but that's being picky. The waitress was very attentive at the start, collecting drinks orders and promising to come back 'in a few minutes' for our food order. That turned into maybe ten minutes, which is excessive considering this was a Tuesday afternoon and the place wasn't jumping.   Anyways, I opted for the pancakes with Nutella while my sis went for the Belgian waffle equivalent. It might be down to a lack of reading the menu properly on our behalf, but I was a bit surprised when both desserts came out in a sea of maple syrup as well as having Nutella in wee pots at the side. It was enough sugar to induce early onset Diabetes, and I struggled to finish it (admittedly, I did finish it, so it wasn't *that* bad).  It wasn't particularly cheap, 14 quid for the two dishes and a coke and OJ. It satisfied my Pancake Day craving, but I'm not sure I'll be rushing back for the burger challenge.
