4 What a nice downtown bar and pub to stroll right on into for some good food and drink. The decor is very unique to look at and very inviting as well. There was construction going on outside thus we decided to venture on in for this visit.  There were plenty of drink options as I found in most pubs in town but what I liked most is the amount of good food options they had on the menu. As a newbie when it comes to haggis, I tried their version which was wrapped in filo dough on a bed of neeps and creamy leek sauce. A very nice introduction if I must say!  I had the Scottish haddock that was lightly battered and fried served with fries. The fish was excellent and only needed a squeeze of lemon to make it taste perfect. I also enjoyed the Kopparberg pear cider I drank with my meal ... I found it to be my new favorite drink.  The service was very nice and attentive. We mentioned we liked the parting chocolate treats that they gave us with the bill. Our waitress came back with a bunch for us to take home. Sweet!
3 Great pub for a beer after work.  Decent selection of beers at decent prices.  Plenty of large tables for groups and very attentive bartenders.
2 Short, somewhat rude, bartender.  Closes early. And seemed quite drab even when it was open.
2 We visited because this place had good yelp reviews, but it was a complete let down.  It was nearly dead around 10pm, and within 30 minutes it started closing.  So we left and went to a real pub -Whiski Bar if you're interested.
4 Located just on the corner of St. Andrew's Square, I've mostly been there to use the loo. Because it's the only place you can go around the area. But, then, eventually, I decided to go there for a drink. And I wasn't disappointed. I mainly went back because I loved the interior so much. It's got really high ceilings, and the space is all centered around the bar. The pub has an intact Victorian interior, and you could probably find yourself staring absentmindedly at the walls because of their intricacy. It's also got, unlike many pubs in Edinburgh, a nice outdoor seating area for when it's rarely sunny.   The selection of ales isn't the best in Edinburgh, but they have Leffe on tap, which makes my heart skip a few beats. The staff are mediocre, but in a way that isn't invasive or inconvenient. It's a fairly buzzing bar, and is great for a nightcap before taking the overnight bus to London from St Andrew's Bus Station.
2 Our hen party ended up here after only managing to get into two pubs along Rose Street. We thought one more drink then we'll head along to the nightclub. We'd called up a number we'd seen earlier in the day to get free entry for a hen party if you called before 10pm.   So we thought we'd have a cheeky wee drink in Tiles and a night on the Tiles it was not. Ok, so we thought great we're allowed in but this place was pretty dead. It's about 10pm and there was only a few peeople dotted about. There was music but it was quite low so you could just hear it, like background music.   The round was expensive, it came to over £50 for 8 of us. We did have a wee cheeky shot to try and get us going but I think this place was bringing us down. The only thing that brightened up the time there was some attention from a group of guys who were just up for a laugh. They were trying to figure out who was the bride-to-be and thought it was me. Ooops!! Nope I'm afraid it'll be the girl wearing a halo and a pink fluffy 'L' plate. Flattered in all but not yet thank you.  I had a feeling I had been here before many years ago for food during the day and I remember it having more of an atmosphere. It's maybe best visiting during the day. When it's full of old men and most just sitting by themselves and at 10pm the place is pretty much dead then you know this ain't the place to get the party started.
2 Last weekend The Man decided he wanted to go shopping.  Specifically, he wanted to go to John Lewis.  Not wanting to pass up this once in a blue moon kind of opportunity, I agreed.    We shopped 'till we dropped and afterward found we were quite peckish and more than a bit thirsty.  We hummed and hawed between the closest choices and decided on Tiles as I'd not eaten there before.  I was assured that the last time The Man was here, the burgers were nice.    I've never found Tiles to be the most attractive bar.  The few times I've been here I thought it could look so much better than it does, it just feels a bit too dingy for it's central location right on St Andrews square.    They did have some interesting beer on tap and I decided for Stewart's seasonal pumpkin ale.  We ordered up two burgers, The Man got his with chili, cheese and jalapenos and I just asked for mine "normal."  It was... reasonbly bad.  The server also asked us how our meal was before we'd even taken a bite.  It was like he was ticking the service boxes without thinking the process through.   My burger was completely dry and tasted like something out of Macdonalds.  The chips were undercooked and when I asked for vinegar I got white instead of malt (a pet peeve of mine).  The Man's burger was nicer because it was smothered in toppings, but still hardly good enough for the £8.75 price tag,  What really got me, though, was the fact that my plain burger was the same price as the one with chili, cheese and jalapenos.  It's because they dont' have a standard burger on the menu, so it gives them an excuse to charge an exorbidant amount for a bit of meat on a bun served with a wilty salad.  Not a place I'd visit again.
3 Formerly the prudential insurance company that had offices here  pretty impressive art Deco style with fitted bog standard cheap hotel carpets. At first l wasn't sure if this was a j d weather spoon pub but this one had less booze and sold cigars that's when l realised this was a wannabe JD.  Even though a Monday there was only me and two other old lady's finishing of their fish suppers l know this as it smelt the pub out. I suppose this is an ok pub if you want a quiet night out or way before you hit the clubs.
2 Alright, so it's a lovely building, I get that. But the bar takes up the bulk of the room, and trying to negotiate your way in and out is painful and involves a lot of 'Sorry! Sorry! Scuse me! Sorry! as you try to get past people. Shrink or move the bar and make it a bit more accessible.
