4 While Benecol is clinically proven to lower your cholesterol, this place is clinically proven to raise it. I guarantee you'll enjoy eating at this place, but make sure you've sent off to China for your donor heart before hand, cuz you'll be needing a new one.  On my one and only visit I got a deep fried pizza which I chewed on in the company of two JF's. They, being PHD students, probably viewed me with utter contempt, and were only there with me to conduct a study into socially inept and underdeveloped human beings. As a result I ate with a reasonable degree of dignity in an effort not to draw too much attention to myself. Had I been dining alone, my behaviour would have been distinctly less muted, and I would have wrung the doughy treat out into my mouth like a tea towel saturated with pizza flavoured fat. Then with more enthusiasm than a Romanian prostitute who had just realised she could earn a Leu and get something warm in her belly at the same time, I would have sucked the oily dregs from its limp remains, and given thanks for the privilege.  YUM-YUM.
5 They don't make 'em like this anymore, and it's a shame.  A greasy spoon / chippy / cafeteria hybrid, City Restaurant is not about atmospheric fine dining, but without even trying manages to have a hundred times more character than the vast majority of Edinburgh's more illustrious eateries.  Students, office workers, tourists and dossers. You'll find them all in here, damaging their health via the basic yet tasty grub. A window seat is tremendous for a bit of people watching, and it's the kind of place you won't feel like a weirdo sitting on your own. Just bring a paper.
4 The City Cafe is a wonderful cross over between a proper restaurant and a take away cafe greasy spoon thing - its really rather good.  The food isnt anything special, whether you sit in to enjoy what you have ordered, or take it out. However, the food is tasty, and the portions are huge - the price isnt bad either. The restaurant itself looks a bit 80's - but really, thats not a huge concern unless you were expecting 5 star kinda stuff. Staff seem to be friendly, even late at night when the restaurants main custom is drunken students, but during the day they are always nice.  This place is great if al;l you want is a hearty meal at a cheap price.
3 This cafe is cheap and is more like a Scottish diner. The ladies serving are friendly enough but don't expect too much from the food. It's basically what the Brits call a "chippie" stuff that tastes ok after a night out drinking with lots of sauces and vinegar. There is plenty of seating area inside but they aren't open very late. Their huge cooked breakfasts are probably like a better option, but only when you crave grease and carbs after  a wild night out.
4 The City Restaurant is nothing fancy and as previous reviewers have mentioned it's a greasy spoon type cafe. It's pleasant enough though, clean, bright and if you get a seat at the window it's the perfect spot for people watching. The last time I was here it was late afternoon and it was rather busy with people getting after work snacks so we were lucky to get a table. I ordered a full cooked breakfast with a generous helping of sausage (square slice and links), fried egg, beans, mushrooms, potato scone, two pieces of buttered toast and a cup of tea - okay, so not the healthiest meal but it was delicious and I polished it off in record breaking time.  I've also sampled their fish and chips and they are also top notch. Overall, if you're looking for a good meal to fill you up but aren't too bothered about counting your calories then this place is perfect.
4 After finishing an exam about a month ago, myself and two mates decided to treat ourselves to to dinner in City Restaurant.  We each had a baked potato with tuna mayonnaise which only cost about £3.  The potatoes were enormous and also came with generous side portions of salad  - a good deal for such a low cost.  The service is friendly and efficient and the menu has a pretty good selection.   It also serves traditional chippy food with the usual fish and sausage suppers as well as pizzas which can either be eaten in the restaurant itself or taken away.  It does excellent trade as a result of this and is always quite busy around lunch and dinner time.  Nothing which they serve is overpriced and the standard of the food is generally quite good, definitely worth a visit for a cheap meal when you can't be bothered cooking.
4 Pizza, fish and chips, burgers...all available from this reliable café that is unashamedly on the greasy side of cheap dining.  The breakfast are a good filler and the afore mentioned offerings are all a-ok for a last option meal.   Late opening times and a city 'diner' atmosphere mean that City Restaurant has a certain charm that the locals seem to pick up on.
4 I very nearly scoffed at the City Restaurant, for calling itself a restaurant while having a big chippy counter slap bang in the middle of it. But I quickly realised it was more a diner than anything else, and a jolly good one at that!  Selling slap-up meals of burgers, chips, and beans on toast, it does diner fayre to perfection. The burgers are pretty massive, the chips are nice and soft and it's got a great bunch of greasy spoon options.  It's clean and there's loads of space. It's not the kind of establishment that's open at three in the morning, but although that may come as an inconvenience when you're drunk and in need of food, their opening times are also successful at deterring unsavoury customers at all times of the day. It's great for families and, believe it or not, a wee evening meal for two! For serving up simple but tasty food, it's awesome.
2 Despite appearing like some sort of American style diner (and it does look quite cool), City Restaurant is very British. Whilst small, seemingly nothing-special joints like this in the States might actually serve fantastic bagels or waffles or whatever, in Britain they tend to serve standard greasy chips. I think there is maybe some problem involving lack of  pride or something.  City Restaurant really isn't that bad a place. It's clean enough, friendly enough, it's not exactly expensive.  But I'm put off by the quality of the food. Maybe it's because I'm too concerned about what goes into my body that I can't appreciate a place like this. I also find it hard to find great options as a vegetarian although their baked potatoes aren't half bad.  There is still some charm to be had here, but some added homely family style cooking, or some quirky speciality wouldn't go amiss.
4 This is one of those places you'd happily eat your dinner at everyday of the year before ending up excessively overweight, but not necessarily unhappy.  The food itself is what I'd call good, honest food.  The vast majority of it is very greasy, but it doesn't mind it and nor will you as you eat it and not just because it's cheap and fills you up.  It's certainly no health shop, but so long as you aren't in here every day it makes a great treat.  If you leave here hungry then quite frankly there's got to be something wrong with you.  The whole place has an unpretentious atmosphere and it's quite happy for you to sit in or take the food with you, most commonly to eat on your way home after a night out.  Order chips in such situations and you'll be pleasantly surprised not only by the price, but also by the quality and volume of the food you'll be given.
4 This place has a great range of customers from all walks of life who are loyal to City Restaurant, and I am myself one of them. It has a great menu and there is always something on the menu that you are sure to like no matter how fussy an eater you.  The best thing about City Restaurant, is that they always serve you very generous portions, which sometimes I struggle to actually finish, and I normally can put my food away.  It's a multi purpose restaurant, in that no matter what time of the day you go there, there is something on offer, in the morning they do a breakfast, for lunch there are baked potatoes and in the evening, fish and chips. Not that I would recommend this diet, but the fact that it's always an option is great.
4 I haven't actually sat in this place yet but I can tell you that they do some very very good chips and I plan another visit there soon.
4 This place filled a much needed hole in my fringe timetable recently where we needed warm food and fast! Sitting down was a bonus.  Stumbled upon this place which at first looked like a chippy posing as a restaurant but I soon learned it was more the other way around.  Excellent table service, warm inviting interior, licensed, with a thoroughly broad menu for what I thought to be a chippy. Pasta dishes, grill, epic all day breakfasts and of course battered fish to name just a few highlights.  I went for my usual fish and chips which was gorgeous, crispy batter with flaky haddock and no sign of grease. Slightly overpriced but I all things considered I won't argue. My missus went for a pasta dish which she couldn't finish which is a first. Happy faces all round.  Busy wee place, especially the takeaway.   Good vibes from here, would like to go back when I'm not in a hurry and maybe sit upstairs out the way of the queues of folk getting takeaway and the stares from street prowlers glaring in the window!
4 Look  *shifty eyes*   I'll be the first one to admit that this is not a healthy place to be in ..... but it makes my stomach so happy!  Their quarterpounder with cheese has saved my -academic- life several times, and I'm never disappointed by the quality of the meat either. It's perfect for that weekend grease run I always find myself doing.  How do I know the food is good in this particular greasy spoon? Well, I've got a very, very sensitive stomach, and if anything was awry, believe me, I would've known by now.  The only thing I've got to grumble about (I'm always grumbling about something aren't I?) is the mayonnaise, it's too vinegary. I don't really like it that much. But hey, I'm Dutch and we like our mayo, (no doubt about that). If you like your chips like you like your spoons (that is greasssy) this here'll do for you!  P.s. No whining about health now, I left my arteries at home, they don't have to know about this.
4 This is one of those Edinburgh institutions that you've walked past a hundred times without a second glance. I was taken here by my colleague who remembers coming here when he was a kid. I don't think I'm talking out of turn when I suggest that that was a long time ago.  It looks like a sort of upmarket chippy, with loads of comfy booths. Almost like an American diner, an impression reinforced by the friendly table service. And it's a lot bigger than it appears, with additional seating on the first floor.  They do a long list of British greasy spoon standards, but with less of the greasy. I had an omelette and it was deliciously light and fluffy, and a great deal too. Three-egg omelette with choice of filling, served with chips and peas, for £5.95. Washed down with a cold bottle of Caley 80, it was the perfect lunch.  Next time I'm out and about in this part of town and looking for a cheap tasty meal, I won't hesitate to come back here.
3 I like City Restaurant. It's one of these places that doesn't try to hide in any way the fact that they use frozen, processed food. I don't like all these places around Edinburgh trying to lure the unknowing tourists in with there menu slogans of 'True traditional homemade Scottish food' and what you get has Farmfood written all over it. At City Restaurant you know from the moment you see the very american road side dinner style that I'm gonna get fast food nutrition.   So far there is nothing in my words written, that explains why one would want to dine her. Well simply I just really like  now and then after a long rainy grey day to sit down in a place where one can put yer feet up, whistle a tune, put my elbow right on the table and hand pushing my face to the side, fork in the other and just eat with out any one giving a damn about my manners. So if you seek this look no further.   My rating of three stars? Well first of all any processed food just can't get more then an OK. The only thing that differs a one, two and three is the size of the burger and City Restaurant isn't short on size here. £8.99 for the City burger big enough to hide my face with, plenty of onion rings and chips.  Simply shitlicious!!
3 City Restaurant is a decent chip shop with a side line in all day breakfasts and grills. There is plenty of seating (there is more seating upstairs) and the staff are friendly enough. So if you fancy a breakfast or chips and want to escape the cold City Restaurant is fairly pleasant.  Why 3 stars, well the issue I have is that it is a bit more expensive than the other chip shops nearby, but the food is of no better quality, heck most of it tastes the same because it is likely from the same supplier...   The quarter pounder, mince pie, sausage etc are identical to those found in Central Takeaway, I bring this up because at lunch time Central do a takeaway offer which means a selection of dishes only cost a couple of pounds (and in my opinion they do better chips).  In short City Restaurant is fine-to-good if you want somewhere to sit and chat while getting your fried food fix, otherwise there are better options.
4 A classy chippy... Fish of the day is a must... Upstairs for best views.
2 This is a decent chip shop with a pretty good sit-in menu. My complaint is that my server seemed to have very little interest in providing a high quality service experience. Her attitude was very grumpy and uninterested. Maybe she was having a bad day but I certainly didn't leave a tip.
4 The city restaurant sends me back to childhood days spent walking along the marine parade in  Lyme Regis, eating chips, trying to avoid heat stroke. Sure, there is no sea right outside the restaurant, but the chips are chunky and flavoursome (for potatoes).   Portions come in small or large, the former costing £1.60, the latter £2.20. I go or the small portion which is rather generous. There are off times, and it seems as though the chips are at their best around 12 and 5. Extras include curry, mushy peas and cheese. On ordering, you can ask for brown sauce, salt, vinegar and mustard.   The chips are cooked in vegetable oil, which is a plus for me, being veggie and also quite health conscious. I cannot really say anything about the other food, as I have only ever come here for chips, but the fish and chips are a steal at £4.50.   The premises is clean, modern and in a very central location, close to festival theatre, he national museum of Scotland,  the University of Edinburgh and Surgeons' hall.
4 We've eaten here for dinner a few times since coming to Edinburgh, so I can only really comment on it as a restaurant rather than as a chippy.  City's diner aesthetic gives it a bit of character compared to the other restaurants in the vicinity, with it's bold colour scheme. We decided to give it a shot on this first impression as it stood out from the drab buildings that occupy most of that street. At first we grabbed a corner table, but the seats near the window do allow for a great deal of people watching if that takes your fancy. We also found the staff there pretty friendly and chatty, which also made for a nice relaxed atmosphere.  Each time we've visited we've had a good meal, their chip shop chips are great and more flavourful than the regular chips you might get from another restaurant, which was a nice change. Each time we've been we've tried different meals and combinations and never been disappointed.   Price-wise it's about average, getting a bit pricey if you really want a steak, though you can have a good meal from £10-20 with drinks, which is decent value. I'd also recommend their cake of the moment as it's a bit cheaper and they normally have really nice cakes on offer.
3 This is a decent sort of fish and chips cafe next to the theatre.  The view of the Edinburgh street life is quite beautiful.  Unfortunately this place suffers from being a bit overpriced for such standard fair.  Still, not a bad place.
3 Het is een cafetaria waar je kunt zitten (boven hebben ze ook nog tafeltjes voor een man of 15) of af kunt halen, ze zijn inderdaad goedkoop voor het centrum (£1,50 voor goedkoopste thee en £2,15 voor halve liter ice tea als je een tafeltje pakt). Bediening is langzaam, eten kwam gelukkig wel redelijk snel. Fish and chips was £8,45 en smaakte goed, korst was knapperig. Ze hebben ook pizza, pasta, soep, steak, ontbijt, cake/ijs, dus vrij veel keus.
