2 This is now called the Kilderkin - the outside facade is painted a dingy black.  We'd been here once before and quite enjoyed it, including a wide selection of board games, though the surroundings are a bit grim. We had the house real ale, which was not bad. This time, we recognised none of the real ales and asked to sample the one they recommended. We were told this wasn't possible, apparently because the hand pump delivers a minimum amount which is too large. Disappointing, and we won't be going back.
3 Jenny Ha's is dead; long live Kilderkin.  Okay so not much bar the name has changed it would seem. Layout-wise Kilderkin is still homely, comforting and rustic. Perfectly situated at the bottom end of the Royal Mile, a few strides from tourist-magnet the Scottish Parliament.  Prices seem reasonable and, for the beer drinkers especially, the range seems quite eclectic. Kilderkin seem to have an unofficial relationship with Stewarts Brewery, so expect to see the latter's wares in the chillers behind the bar.  Staff are pretty grounded in a no frills sort of way; not overly friendly, not overly polite, but in now way dismissive or uninviting. It's almost like visiting a relative's place for a beer or lunch, the straightforwardness of their approach. Very refreshing actually.  And so... the food. Kilderkin doesn't sport the most diverse menu, but as the saying goes, it's short and sweet. Scottish gastro classics are present and correct alongside a couple of irregular options such as Quesadillas and Tikka Masala. I would recommend both the Haggis, Neeps and Tatties, or the Kilderkin Burger, a pork and spring onion patty, served on a thick grilled bun. Very tasty indeed. Most mains vary between £4-8.  All in all a decent spot for a quick and cheap lunch. Or a not so quick drink in the warm and comfortable bar.
5 Since its not so recent transformation into The Kilderkin, this place constantly strives to offer what everyone wants, good beer, great atmosphere, a warm welcome and tasty grub. They're not doing Rocket Science!
5 We found this as we wandered down the Royal Mile. We were tired of trekking and in need of lunch. This turned out to be a fortuitous place - nice atmosphere, great host (loved his dog!) and good food.  Prices were more than reasonable and the portions were sufficiently large that we had more than enough food.
4 This is a wonderfully fun bar/restaurant.  The lunch menu, at least, is small but full of great pub grub.  There are a few local beers on tap and many in bottles from around the world.  The local beers are good but are not the standard mix of types at all; this is not necessarily a problem, but I was disappointed that the selection lacked darker beers.  The staff is outstanding -- efficient, warm, welcoming, and hilarious, as well as knowledgeable about their food and drink offerings, Edinburgh, and Scotland more broadly.  This was a great all-around meal experience and someplace to which I would definitely return.
5 I want to recommend this place to every Whisky enthusiast visiting Edinburgh who wants to go off the mainstream. This place does not have a large selection like many other pubs in Edinbrugh but instead provides a small and very well selected number of Whiskys and good recommendations form the barkeeper! Great place to stop by!
4 I was taken to this pub for a Movember whisky tasting, and suffice to say I thought it was bloody excellent.  Tempted to a second visit without the whisky goggles on I still found it to be an incredibly good pub. The staff are friendly and chatty but will leave you to it if you're a sour puss.   Vast selection of whiskies, don't ask me to name which ones I've tried! I didn't have a decent look in the fridges but there aren't a great deal of taps on the bar so don't go expecting to try a range of craft ales.  Food wise there are numerou pizzas, which fairly standard fare pepperoni things, through to the Nick Drake (Duck, spring onions and plum sauce) to Abbey Road (Zebra! and other things i've forgotten, but serious Zebra!) I opted for a haggis topped pizza and was a little underwhelmed by it. Perhaps I should have been more adventurous.  Pay attention to this bit though, as for those it means something to I have big news for you:  THE ONION RINGS ARE AMAZING!  seriously i had like 4 buckets of them.
4 The single most important thing to note is: punny pizza. Seriously, that's a menu and a half. "Pepperoni Don't Preach" - "Tuna Turner" - "Frankie Goes to Holyrood" (that one's got haggis)... on and on it goes!  After this, there are several other quite important things, and they are this: Holy moly the onion rings (thanks to Paddy H for that!). Also, it is nice and warm. There are big squidgy sofas and nice cuddly booths. The playlist is epic. They have album art on the walls. Free wifi. Big space.  I came here a while ago when I was still in my previous life all Fringe-ified, and was much enamoured of the pizza menu then, too, but didn't really get a chance to take it all in. Now I have, and I like it, and I shall return.  Because oh yes £1 pizzas on a Monday - that's for a margarita and then a little more for each topping. Bring me the cheesy goodness, NOW.
4 A pizza with zebra on it? And a menu full of punny-pizza-names? Plus comfy booths, comfy sofas, and £1 pizza night on a Monday? Not bad Kilderkin, not bad at all...!  I have yet to try one of their pizzas, although the haggis "Frankie Goes to Holyrood" that Nina S ordered lookd really good. Oh wait, what? I'm going to order pizza. Yes, yes I will because they have gluten free options! That's right! This traditional Scottish bar does GF pizza. Not what I would expect, but something that makes me very happy. I'll be coming back soon to try this, and to update...  There are at least 20 different pizza toppings on the menu, with crocodile, zebra, duck, even one with peaches (well, I mean with pineapple works.)  The bar itself is the perfect place to come to for a chilled out Sunday session. I'd even come here aloen to read a book and eat a pizza. In fact, I'll probably do that soon.  The staff are friendly in a laid back way. I like that. Not "hi how can I help?" but chilled and more familiar -- more genuine than a "hi how can I help? have a nice day". That's cool.  I'm so glad Paddy H suggested Kilderkin after the Elite Event at Cranachan and Crowdie, and will definitely be heading back soon to try the pizza. But I already really like the vibe of this place as a "modern" old man Scottish pub.
4 Pizza and a pint for £4.60??? WTF  Stonebaked pizza with a nice cheese and tomoato base and then covered in salami....called a Salami Davis Jnr this was up my street every which way.  The pint was a lovely Red McGregor, nice and hoppy and very tasty.  Friendly staff.....traditional feel.....I will be back :)
4 Great find and thanks to Paddy for his suggestion. First came here post Elite event for a quick drink. They have GF beer - yippee! So this is worth a star or two.  Then the menu - what about a Tuna Turner? No, more of a meat eater so maybe a Salami Davis Junior or a Pepperoni Don't Preach? I could go on but the cute song/artist pizza names are also worth a star.   Said pizza's are also v good! GF versions available too which is a total win! The Monday night pizza offer applies to GF (£2.50 instead of £1 but still a great deal!). Thin, very crispy round the edges, great pizza, it was as light as air and was totally delicious.   So Kilderkin, I'll be back. Those great pizzas, the GF beer and not to mention the totally lovely and cheery staff, I'll forgive the fact that you are in tourist central and visit often!
4 Menu rotates daily. The soup and sandwich special makes for a great lunch. Friendly staff. The name represents a unit of measure.
