2 If you happen to find yourself in the city centre on a sunny day, the Rose and Crown is a good place to stop off at for a drink. Situated in the centre of Rose Street, the Rose and Crown is right in the centre of the city and it is just a short walk from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street and so it is a convenient place to reach.   The Rose and Crown serves the usual selection of beers, ales, wines and the standard selection of spirits, and the prices are very competitively priced, with a large glass of the house white wine costing less than £5. However, this pub is fairly bland and lacks in character - there is nothing much of note going on in this pub. Food is also served here, and their menu consists of the usual pub food including pies, steak and fish and chips. The best asset which the Rose and Crown posses is their outdoor seating area at the front of the pub.   I came here for a drink last summer and it was lovely to sit outside in the sun and watch all the goings on in Rose Street. There is nothing in particular wrong with this place, but there is nothing about it which makes me want to go back either.
3 Ah, Rose St. Where the streets are thronged with revellers. Stag do revellers. Of course, by revellers I mean people you never, ever want to talk to. People just 'having a great time'. "Don't you stop me having a great time, I'm just having a great time." "I love fun". Etc. etc. etc. You know the type.  With just about the most common name in the history of pubs (surely in the top 5 anyway), the Rose & Crown is a pub. Yep, that's it. It's a pub. There really is no more to say about it. It serves some different beers, some pub grub all at Rose St. prices. It's OK if you're on a pub crawl in this area I guess. I wouldn't make the trip though, it's the same as every other pub. Oh, and it's always full of people having a 'great time'. Idiots.
4 In an area of Edinburgh which is packed full of pubs - the Rose and Crown is pretty non-descript. To be honest, with the plethora of walkby trade here it does not need to do more.   Reasonable selection of ales and lager - but not extensive. Standard range of Malts.   Had the food, it was filling and reasonable. A main course and a pint roughly a tenner. For the city centre it could be a lot worse.   Service a little slow but then we did arrive when the crowds had started to build and we were in no hurry.   Would I go back - possibly. But you do have some stunners up and down Rose Street  that have real history and not fake Tudor portraits on the wall.   So probably not. But if you find yourself here - you will do fine.
2 I don't know if my feeling towards the Rose & Crown is partially coloured by the fact that I'm really not the biggest Rose St fan, or if it's because the pub's just a bit... well, meh.  It serves beer and has places to sit and is all around inoffensive.  That's pretty much all I can say about it.  I seem to recall it seemed dirty as well, but maybe that was just the vibe from the clientele?  I have no idea why I've been here more than once, but it is never my choosing.  If you want a proper pub, you would probably be best to stay away from Rose St all together, but if you must come to this part of town, there are practically dozens of other places you could choose from and have a more enjoyable time than in the Rose & Crown.
3 Stopped in for lunch on a cold, wet afternnon but when is it not in Edinburgh?  It was completely empty but this area was packed full of pubs and they were not packed either.  The bartender was friendly, and my pint of delicious felt so good.  The cod and chips, the cod tasted battered and cooked really well for a standard pub, but I am an American.  The chips were standard, everything would have being good except the condiments came in small packets rather than bottles, and they were low on malted vinegar. Packets for condiments??
