1 EUGH!!  This place was hyped up to me as being the most fun I'll ever have on a Sunday night in Edinburgh. I was lied to. This place is awful...the worst club I've been in in Edinburgh. The place, the people, the music, it's all horrendous. This is the sort of place that the local school-kids borrow their brothers' and sisters' IDs for. It's a glorified school disco.....scrap that, they have regular school discos here too. They sometimes play host to foam parties too. I was once in the queue and had the pleasure of watching girls in bikini's on stilts juggling with fire. I still don't get it.  If you're a lad looking for a place to go on the pull or get wasted, go to Cav. But if you have a shread of self-respect, go elsewhere. It's not worth it.
1 "Why's it so busy in here?" "Oh, it's 'borrow your big sister's I.D. night." "Ah, I see. Wait, what?"  Yeah, I think every time I've been in here I've been the oldest person in there. And I'm only 22. It's such a grotty, disgusting, sticky, crap music, god awful club.  It seems other people are catching on to this fact. The last time I went there must've been 15 other people in there. Which was more than a little embarrassing. I don't have the sufficient vocabulary to describe how bad this place is. Just don't go. Ever.  Oh yeah, they charge £1.50 for the cloakroom, not £1 like everywhere else. What's that about? There's nothing else to say. Worse than the plague (which you might get if you go).
2 Ah, bless. This place hasn't had a review since 2010 - neglected much? I was in attendance to enjoy/mark a student event and they did a very good job. The venue itself was remarkably well suited to a ceilidh: wooden dance floor (still bouncy, 16 years after my only other visit), an area for the band and so on. They've got a smart chandelier too. It's still The Cav though, so pretty grim even on this more sedate showing - it turned out that the stickiness of the ledge I was leaning on wasn't down to sticky drink spillages, but rather some black paint that was quietly drying away to itself.
