5 I remember being really nervous the first time I ate here, as I was meeting my boyfriend's parents. In fact, I was talking so much that I'm surprised I managed to get any food down me at all. Which would have been a shame, as the food here is phenomenal.  I had a mozzarella, roast peppers and sun-dried tomato salad for my starter, which was drizzled in their home-made pesto and was absolutely amazing. The main course was just as tasty, and unlike a lot of risotto dishes in restaurants it didn't leave me feeling really stodgy and too full by the end, whilst still being a decent-sized portion. In fact, everyone's main courses looked gorgeous, but as it was my first time meeting the family I didn't think we were really at the "nicking food off eachothers' plates" stage yet, so I couldn't tell you how they tasted.  The prices are perfect too. It costs just enough that you know the service and quality of it all is going to be great, but not so pricey that you need a special occasion to justify going. Which is handy, when you liked it as much as I did. Next time I'm out in this area of the city centre in the evening and want somewhre to go eat, I'll definitely be going here.
5 La Piazza is an amazing restaurant near Princes Street which serves delicious food and drink and has hilarious staff.  I came here with parents which was a relief because it is pretty pricey.  It's definitely worth it though as all their food tastes incredible and is served in filling portions.   I opted for the polenta starter which had tasty Italian sausage and a spicy chilli sauce.  I then had the tuna and tomato pasta which was probably one of the tastiest mains I've ever had.  The main courses are all actually pretty well priced, but the most of the starters cost around £6-7.   One of the waiters had me howling with laughter at just about every course!  He was cracking jokes about everything, and some of them were pretty risque but it livened up the whole evening.  I'd definitely come here again any day and I recommend anyone to try it out.
4 My husband is a fan of olives as a starter for dinner, and was disappointed to see that La Piazza did not have them as a starter. A brief question to the server and within minutes we had a lovely dish full of black and green olives on the table. Very pleased, and a great experience to start off the meal.  I ordered the rigatoni with sausage in a tomato cream sauce, and my husband ordered the truffle tortellini with porcini. Both were fantastic. My dish had a great balance between creamy and spicy tomato, exactly what I was wanting. His dish was good and earthy - I've never really had mushrooms that were so flavorful, usually they are more texture than taste. Both dishes were absolute hits with us.  For dessert I ordered the ricotta and pear cheesecake - yum! It was very good, a perfect end note to the meal.  We had a great meal and overall experience at La Piazza.
3 It always starts you off well when you say buona sera to an Italian waiter in an Italian restaurant and then order a good bottle of Barbera d'Alba.  From that moment on we had impeccable service, even on a busy Saturday evening.  The place was full, with a good background roar of conversation, but not so loud that you had to shout at your partner.    We ordered salad and seafood as starters and different pasta dishes as mains.  It was all good.  Nothing to complain about, but I don't think it merited the five stars being awarded by other Yelpers.
4 Was good. The parma ham, tomato and mozzarella salad was fine and the spaghetti carbonara was excellent. We also had a chicken and mushroom pizza that was very good. Service also good. Would go here again.
4 I used to pass La Piazza many a time before the tram works destroyed the Coates Crescent/Shandwick Place area. Finally, thanks to Jackie G, a last minute chance to grab food arose and we headed here.  Jackie had recommended it before as being good for gluten free. After trying to decide between risotto or gf pasta, it was nice to even have a choice between gf penne or spaghetti. We only went for main courses and this has proved to be enough as the portions are good.  After the chat about Yelpers worst foods, mushrooms were on my mind, so I went for chicken, mushrooms and a cream brandy garlic sauce which was lovely! The gf pasta was cooked perfectly, something some restaurants struggle with (yes, Jamie's Italian) and the brandy in the sauce came through without being overpowered by the garlic. A good helping of mushrooms and chicken and just the right amount of sauce - enough to coat the food, not for it to swim in.  Service is efficient and friendly without being obtrusive. There is a deal currently on if you book through their website and use the appropriate code for 50% off food, except the day of Her Madgesty's visit, so getting a deal on La Piazza would be a steal.
4 What a nice little restaurant. Staff were polite and super attentive,  My dining partner and I had the (meaty) antipasto platter to share for starters. For mains we had the papalina tagliatelle and the prawn and calamari linguine.. Both were decent sized portions, the papalina tagliatelle with peas and bacon looked very yumbo, just the right richness. My prawn and calamari was cooled in garlic, white wine and olive oil and was simply delist.  We shared a bottle of the house merlot and it was none to shabby.  No hassles, decent, good food and it wasn't too expensive at all. Opt for a seat out the back (away from Shandwick Place) if you don't want a view of Edinburgh's finest public works project.. I mean tram construction project :p  Would definitely revisit
4 I had been to La Piazza before, many years ago, and had a good memory of it.   Recently they had a voucher out so I decided to buy one.  My restaurant buddy was a bit wary at first. You see, he cooks excellent Italian food, including his own pizzas (yes, yes, he makes the dough), but I managed to convince him this was a 'proper' Italian restaurant and off we went, braving the heavy Edinburgh summer rain. I had booked a table for 6pm on a Saturday and was pleasantly surprised to find that the restaurant was busy, despite the tram works on Shandwick place.  The staff were very pleasant and showed to our table and we got onto deciding what to eat rom the fairly extensive pizza menu. To balance our meal, we started we a platter of vegetable antipasti to share. It said 2-3 people on the menu, and they were certainly not lying.  We didn't even finish as we needed space for our pizza!   For pizza, we opted for a 'four seasons' and a 'diablo' that we shared.  They were both very good.  None that thick dough - too much filling nonsense you can find in some places. The meal was accompanied by a reasonably priced Sauvignon Blanc.  The service was excellent and quick, the staff were lovely. I certainly recommend the place.  Totally worth braving the tram works!
4 Still great. Had another itison voucher to use, so it was pasta time again!   Food was great (again), happy to say nothing has changed since my last visit. Can't wait to go again.
5 Love it love it, food great and staff are wonderful
5 I bought an it's on voucher for La Piazza (2 mains for £10) which I used with a friend on a Thursday night.  We were greeted by the friendly front of house staff and seated in the nicely decorated, light dining room at the back of the restaurant. The house red wine was nice, but our garlic bread starter was too light on the garlic for my taste.  However, my main of chicken and mushroom pasta in a brandy cream and garlic sauce was absolutely delicious! Not swimming in sauce which I find that creamy pastas can be at some restaurants. My friend's carbonara was good, but nothing to rave about I was told.  When asked if we wanted a dessert menu, we were hesitant as were both full, but decided to have a wee look.....a wee look is never just a wee look! As soon as I saw Tiramisu, I wanted it, so we decided to share one.  Surprisingly light with subtle masala wine, coffee & chocolate flavours, was a perfect way to finish.  I can honestly say it was the best meal that I've had in Edinburgh. Simple, non-pretentious, classic flavours delivered well :)
4 I bought the 2 mains for £10.00 vouchers ages ago and finally used it last week.   After some extremely negative comments about the poor service (wrong orders, unapologetic staff) from a friend who had recently dined here, I must admit that I was a bit apprehensive.   My fears were completely allayed by the effusive welcome from the staff, the cheeky manager who pointed out I was late and the very cheerful and chatty Italian waitress who served our table.   We ordered a bottle of their house Merlot, which was reasonably priced and tasted pretty good. My dinner partner and I then started the long deliberation over the choices on the menu. When the waitress arrived for the third time to take our order and we were still vacillating between a few of the pasta and pizza options she helpfully suggested going half and half! Boom!   We ordered the Rigatoni Piazza (recommended by the waitress) and the Campagnola which were both lovely.   The portion sizes were quite large which unfortunately left me no room for dessert even after we sat for a fair while finishing off our wine.   Delicious meal, great service and while it was an absolute bargain at £5.00 pp with the voucher, I would definitely go back even without. And soon.
2 Was taken there recently by my fellow-yelper and ex flatmate for a voucher lunch. I must say the lasagne was pretty good, so was the service and the general cleanliness. Only issue: I was a bit sick a few hours later...  Off day for the restaurant? Off day for me? We'll never know, and I'm not seeking to blame anyone or anything. However as I am rating the experience, it will stay a two-star...
4 Went here again last week and it was as good as ever. Excellent carbornara and decent wine list. Away from the touristy area also.
3 Went here with a group of 8 people before the 'Wine with a View event'. It was deemed sensible to have some food before trying all those wines and champagnes later on. I am so glad I came here, it did serve its purpose very well!  La Piazza is on Shandwick Place, close to Haymarket and perhaps will now attract lots more customers since the tramworks have finally completed in this area.  The staff are very friendly and welcoming. The menu has all the usual Italian dishes you would expect - pasta, risotto, pizza etc. Some quirky pizza options include toppings such as ham, tomato and french fries! I'm a pizza lover, but this time I chose a pasta dish: fusilli with chicken, mushrooms and cream sauce. I can't fault the dish, it was tasty - but on the other hand it wasn't spectacularly good.   This is a quality Italian restaurant - I may need a few more visits to fully appreciate its offerings.
4 On a rainy early afternoon there was a table booked for lunch, 8/9 people. The gentleman (manager, owner?) was quick on his feet and and found the reservation. We were guided past the bar to the center of the dining area.  There the tables were pushed together and thoughtfully laid out for a (possible) 9 guests.  Handing out our lunch menu's he took our drinks order. Very courteous and friendly he was.  He was waiting for taking our meal orders until everybody had arrived, he was waiting for the 9th  and (fruitlessly) tried to entice us to buying wine. - However as we were to go to wine tasting event it fell on deaf ears. That said the vodka, beer and gin was flowing quite nicely..  The order was done efficient, 'ladies first' on every thing I noticed. Sweet man. I asked for some mushrooms in my carbonara and this came out as I expected. He supplied the black pepper and cheese. patiently waiting for conversations to finish.  Getting the dessert/ coffee or the bill was a little less efficient - but that may be due to the fact the our man had left the building and we were left with the waitresses.   It is good value, varied service and a pleasant environment.  I would return.
3 With the objective of lining our stomachs pre wine tasting, off we trotted to La Piazza. And it totally did the job nicely! Possibly slightly more expensive than anticipated, pizza bases slightly overbaked, pasta portions a bit small.... However.... the service was excellent and the food tasty. Nice atmosphere. And joy upon joy, they do half pizza half pasta so you get can the best of both worlds. Thank god my partner was willing to take the other "half" :)   Would go back. It's not a special occasion place however if you need some pasta and you're in that area it beats Zizzi for authenticity.
4 It's been a while crocodile!  It has been a good few years since I've popped in here, it's just due to my BFF moving offices further away.  My boy had book group, so I usually meet with him before for dinner and go along with him to the book group, so tonight's dinner choice was here.  First off, the staff are all friendly. Really welcoming.  I was seated at the window, but wished it was a wall because it was chilly. Other than that the whole experience was fine.  We shared a cold meat board, which consisted of mortadella (my fav), salami's, parma ham and really nice chicken liver pate and warmed bruscetta.  We both ordered pizza - mine being chicken and mushen with an extra of rosemary and the boy's being anchovies and capers with an extra of salami.  The pizza's are really tasty and have a lovely thin base - just the way pizza's should be.    I had a glass of red wine with my meal, which was super nice.  Defo would recommend if you are in the area for lunch or dinner.
