5 This place is wonderful!  The food is delicious, the staff attentive, the decor is beautiful and they were also wonderful with our young child.  What a lovely find in The Grassmarket; a more trendy young atmosphere.  The only strange thing is the smell that sometimes comes in from the cheese shop below.
5 Nestled in the vaults underneath the Royal Mile, Maison Bleue is my favourite french restaurant in Edinburgh.  Everything is French; the wine, the menu, the chic elegance of the décor, even down to the waiter's accent. I went to sample their early Pre-Theatre student menu offering 3 courses for £15, and the quality of the food and service offered excellent value for money.  I started with a tower of roast aubergine, red pepper and goat's cheese which was crispy yet gooey, and perfectly seasoned. My partner opted for the Haggis balls served with Clapshots and a whisky jus, which somehow managed to perfectly combine the french and scottish flavours, to end up with a very tasty result.  My partner definitely won when it came to the main course. Although my confit of duck was deliciously crunchy on the outside yet tender underneath, and although the puy lentils and lardons did make a great combination of flavours and textures, the venison medallions the my partner ordered were beyond perfect.  By the time we'd reached the desserts stage, all i had room for was the kiwi and coconut sorbet. As someone who doesn't usually like sorbet, I was very pleasantly surprised and I would definitely order this again if I were to go back. For those with bigger stomachs, my partner's brulée sticky toffee pudding looked and smelled fantastic.  On weekends I'd recommend booking, but during the week the wait is never normally that long, and the bar area set in the alcoves of the vaults is a lovely place to have a drink in the meantime.
3 Maison Bleue is a nice eatery set over two levels in a charming, old and (as the name would suggest) blue building on Victoria Street.  The food is French in style with a Scottish twist, meaning you'll find both haggis and snails on the menu. When this place was launched they tried to encourage people to eat in a different way, the menu consisted of lots of little tapas style dishes (les bouchées), everyone was meant to order a few of these and share. The idea doesn't seem to have lasted and now there is a more standard starter-main-dessert menu set-up. When I was last here the service was a bit haphazard and the waitresses seemed to be all over the place. The food was alright but nothing particularly special, as we were taking advantage of a pre-theatre (2 courses for £6.90) it was good value, but I wouldn't have paid the a la carte menu prices.  In my opinion there are nicer places to eat in this area, but if you're nearby at lunch time or in the early evening have a look to see if there are any special deals on.
3 Located in the popular Victoria Street I was rather looking forward to my spontaneous date here. Granted this was a while ago.   Being a Saturday night, and we had not booked a table(I know dumb for this popular street but it was a very last minute arrangement) we had to wait for a bit in their small lounge they have as you walk in. We were eventually seated at a table upstairs which sadly was right where the door where orders were coming in and out from.   The interior of this restaurant is quite dark and "heavy" I suppose to match the old building. It is a cool building but the tables are tiny and there is no leg room at all. The sound levels are quite high as well, because of the echo bouncing off.  Our waitress brought everything at once, starters and mains which was a bit annoying. The humus was nothing impressive but I did like my North African style tangine. The house wine is not very good so I would suggest perhaps one of the other options they have.  Because of its atmospheric gloominess I would suggest coming here for dinner rather than lunch.  Also their student deal of a three course dinner on Tuesdays for 15 pounds has me tempted to try this place again soon.
4 This is a fantastic restaurant that offers an amazing student deal that I urge people to take advantage of!  I've been here three times on various special occasions and never been disappointed.   The interior is all part of the experience, 'atmospheric gloominess' is probably a good way to put it (reference from Anna F!) but the experience is anything but gloom! The wait staff are attentive and the food is fantastic.  An odd mix of French, Scottish and North African food means that haggis, snails and tagines all feature on the menu. I wasn't brave enough for the snails either time I went but I can vouch for the haggis and tagine.  It was in Maison Bleue that I had the best cheesecake I've ever eaten, it is the standard to which I hold all other cheesecakes and none has ever matched it!
4 Great meal. Mix of Middle Eastern, French, and Scottish styles. The fried haggis balls and tempura frog legs were stand outs. Not sure why this place isn't getting more love here. Would definitely go here again.
5 Yummy! This place has very delicious food, some quality wines, and great service, but the thing that really makes this restaurant is the ambience. I don't know why, but getting the volume, tempo and feel of background music just right is something that most restaurants fail to do  not so at Maison Bleue. They have it sorted. It's unobtrusive, and perfect for dining. The soft-lighting is perfect too, even if you are here with two others for a semi-business meal, rather than staring across the table into the eyes of a loved one on a romantic night out. Not being a french speaker, there were a few items on the menu I didn't know, but the friendly wait staff were very happy to help out. Between three, we shared the chef's recommended starter plates, which came as 6 separate items on two plates; I highly recommend the aubergine, halloumi and caramelised onion stacks. Mmm mmm. For the main, my companions both enjoyed (and recommended) monkfish cheeks cooked in Moroccan spices accompanied by Ratatouille, and my sea bream with shrimp risotto was yummy! One of my companions believes you can judge a restaurant by the quality of the Creme Brulee. and, well, next time I won't be sharing mine. The restaurant is handy to the grassmarket and royal mile, so is the perfect place for a tourist to finish off a day exploring the city, or for a local to kick off an evening out. The only thing I have to complain about is that you have to climb two flights of stairs to get to use the washroom  but maybe that isn't a bad thing after indulging in creme brulee and a few glasses of vino? I thoroughly enjoyed the evening Maison Bleue should definitely be on everyones list of places to dine.
2 There is a rule in Edinburgh that French restaurants must have a name that is formed from an easily-recognized noun followed by a colour, and Maison Bleue is no exception. The place is a labyrinth of small rooms in an Old Town building, where the ground floor rooms are a bit dingy (or intimate, if you prefer). Go upstairs for more fresh air and if you're by the window a lovely view onto on Victoria street. I found the food to be a little on the pretentious side, particularly with the starters whose presentation was just too fiddly. The tagine I had for my main course was good, but I wasn't bowled over. It's worth saying my impressions were perhaps negatively coloured by the service. We'd been seated and had barely had change to look over the menu when the waiter returned to say there'd been a mistake and our table was booked. We were returned to the waiting area and left languishing for a good ten minutes before being shown upstairs. Now everyone makes mistakes, but in my book that kind of treatment warrants an offer of free drinks or a plate of amuse-gueules at least: something to occupy us during the wait and make up for the inconvenience. No such luck here. Rather unhappy with the service, and while the food was good, it wasn't good enough to tempt me to try the place again.
4 With hardly two hours to kill between shows, the boy and I dashed up to Grassmarket from the Royal Lyceum, starving and desperate. I mentioned that I've been wanting to try Maison Bleue, from the look of their menu, and we squeaked in just in time to catch the tail end of the pre-theatre menu. (Well, more like inter-theatre menu in our case, but I digress.) £12 for two courses? Don't mind if I do.  Of course, I quickly ruined the deal by ordering a £25 bottle of Australian Shiraz Tempranillo while the boy was in the loo - luckily he wasn't too upset once he tried the wine because it was quite delicious. Worth the price tag and then some.  For our starters we had the smoked salmon & mackerel rilettes and the steamed Shetland mussels - both great, although the crostini for my rilettes were a little on the tooth-breakingly hard side. No matter. For mains I opted for the chicken tagine while the boy went with the steak. Again, both great, although I did wish my tagine was a little less authentic in that it had boneless chicken. Again, no matter - the flavors were worth it. Pleasantly stuffed, we lingered too long over our wine and had to book it back to the Lyceum, squeaking in just before curtain. The moral of this story is: don't do like we did - give yourself plenty of time to enjoy Maison Bleue, because it deserves to be enjoyed.
4 A great atmosphere with fantastic food. They have a great set menu for lunch and dinner. The only negative thing about the place is how close you are to the other tables.
1 second visit, fist time i gave 5 star, Now place has lost all stars.  We had 3 course  dinner meny again 27,50.  Calamares-bad and to spicy Haggis balls-Was ok - Todays special-Fish, dry dont possible to eat-shame on the chef?? Duck-Dry and other shit on the plate was also bad.  Didnt want any dessert, but they let us pay anyway fullprice.  Staff was friendly and nice.  But the place has lost it and im sorry for that, 70 sterling of waiste for me.
4 Sunday night of the May long weekend and we didn't have a reservation. After being turned away at a couple of places, we stumbled upon la Maison Bleu and thought that the menu looked interesting.  After a short wait in their comfy lounge, they managed to squeeze us in.  Yes the tables are pretty close to one another, but the old stone structure seems to absorb the noise.  The service was very friendly, prompt and efficient.  No sign of a smell that other reviewers referred to.  The food was very good.  I had the venison which was very tasty.  One thing I have discovered in Scotland, however, is that when the waiter asks you how you'd like it done, always order it one degree rarer than you would in North America - so if you want medium, order medium rare.  I don't know what you should do if you want it rare.  In spite of the French name, the decor and aspects of the menu suggest a North African than Parisian experience.  Perhaps Algerian?  All in all, a good choice and I'm glad that the other places we had tried had no room for us.
3 Went here for lunch one day when couldn't get in anywhere else (Festival time) they had a good concept on the menu and did their best not to let us get away but this was a busy time and we probably waited a wee bit too long. The food was good it was a french take on Tapas basically, but the coffee was not great and despite 2 attempts the staff didn't seem to know what we were talking about. More training required.  None the less I would be happy to try it again maybe for dinner next time.
5 This is my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh!  Being a poor student I was initially drawn in by the amazing Tuesday £15 student set menu offer (usually £25 for non students- so still an amazing deal) and it was the beginning of a long and happy relationship with this lovely little restaurant!  The staff are friendly and helpful, and if you have to wait for a table, there's a lovely chic seating area for you to snuggle in while you wait. I think the decor is gorgeous, sort of rustic and cosy, with some big vintage looking mirrors making the place feel a bit bigger. The seating is over two floors, but they could perhaps do with a couple less tables, as for such a romantic setting, some are quite close! They do have a couple of long tables upstairs though which have done perfectly for seating around 10-12 for birthday dinners I've attended there.   From the set menu, my favourites have been the haggis balls or melted Camembert in a filo dish for starter (if there are two of you, get both, they are both lovely!) and in the past I've had both the venison and the fish for mains, and neither have disappointed. If you have any room for dessert, the cheeseboard is always great :)  This is my 'take to' restaurant when I have friends visiting, and I must say I've never noticed any unpleasant smells as some have mentioned-but maybe I've just been seated in the right place!
5 This is a must.  Once you've had your fill of potatoes, haggis, and sausage... or really before you have these other things that you almost can't avoid in the UK and Ireland...  Go to this restaurant.  I've been here twice in three years.  It hasn't changed.  It's still amazing.  The wine is good.  The food is fabulous.  The atmosphere of the old stone and the winding stair case is so romantic.  Anything you order will be worth it.
4 This is turning out to be a good start to the weekend - a wonderful lunch was had at the Maison Blueu. - As they have a promotion it was the best time to taste their cooking. - They offer 1998 prices until July 2013 - meaning you pay £7.50 for a Starter and a Main course.  We were cheerfully greeted and promptly seated on arrival.  There is an upstairs too, but we were sitting on street level.   The meal was fabulous! After the fresh crusty bread with vinegar and oil, I had the Eouf Cocotte with cream of blue cheese (Roquefort) and leek a fondue. Anita had the Haggis Balls. For main I chose the Duck Confit (Shepherd's Pie stylee) and Anita had the Salmon Darne.   My duck was cooked to perfection and was falling apart underneath the roughly mashed potatoes that had a little hint of cheese(?) lightly drizzled with a tangy Burgundy jus - very tasty and I savoured it. Anita was enjoying her salmon with gusto and she was finished even before I was halfway my duck. The licking the lips and nods indicated she really enjoyed it! - So I let her taste mine too. Which got another approving nod - Anita A say 'yes' to both dishes served up as main course.   However - here is the niggly bit, the wine we wanted (Malbec) was not available.. so we had the Cotes du Rhone - at a whopping £6.25 a 125ml glass I was a little disappointed with that price - so. our 2 people dine for £15 was about doubled with the wine we took.   How does that math work? - Anyhow - it was our choice to drink wine and we could have easily not taken it. But it is ruddy expensive! So they lose a star on not having affordable nice glasses of wine
3 Maison Bleue (blue house) on Victoria Street described themselves as French, North African and traditional Scottish restaurant, although most of my meal seemed to be  mainly from French origin.  We took advantage of their 1998 prices offer, which is a very thrifty lunch menu £7.50 for two courses.  Served from 12-5pm until July 2013.  Absolute bargain!   The restaurant is a labyrinth of small rooms on three floors in an Old Town building, with striking blue frontage and charming flower boxes.  It's full of character.  The ground floor is lowly lit and intimate (maybe too intimate, the tables are pretty closely positioned) but up the original spiral staircase you'll find another lighter open dining area and if you're by the window you'll get a lovely view onto on Victoria street.  Toilets are on the top floor, next to the kitchen... Walk slowly by you might get a glimpse of the chef making your main.  The decor is understated, warm, comfortable, stone arches, mellow tunes played at a low level, rustic aged wood and thistles on the table.  I went for the steamed mussels with saffron potatoes and a hint of lemongrass for starters.  The mussels were big, fat and cooked to perfection.  No grit, no dodgy unopened shells, just lovely!  Could have down with some bread to mop up the sauce but you can order that as an extra. My mains was darne of Scottish salmon with a creamy white wine, lemon and dill sauce, which was nice but a little too salty.  Even my partner agreed and he throws salt on everything!  A small disappointment but the starters definitely made up for it. Taking Rayan D's advice on the extortionate wine prices, I avoided the wine list and selected a small bottle of Peroni for under £4.   One small minor point though, for a meal at 4.30pm on a Saturday, the staff did appear overly stress for a relatively quite dining period and as a result seemed stressed, unable to break a smile and rushed.
5 The ambience is amazing,cozy couches in beautiful colors,sturdy wooden tables, great lighting, candles everywhere. It's romantic and sexy all in one. PERFECT date spot.  On to the food .... Haggis balls fried beautifully with the yummiest sauce I was soaking it up with the bread. The ceviche was very good but a lot of work for not a lot of fish .... I wouldn't get it again. For the main course I got the root risotto which was so creamy and just the perfect amount for such a rich dish so so so good. My hubs got the venison served with green beans, and potatoes. The venison deserves a review of its own it was cooked perfectly not to gamey and it just melted in your mouth. It actually was really good with the risotto so we were glad we had ordered both!  Great wine list as well as scotch!  Lots around the area for after dinner drinks as we'll! LOVED it and would recommend highly!
3 We came here last time we were in Edinburgh, and remembered the lovely food we had and so when we saw they had some lunch deals we decided to pop in again.   I like that it's a little dark inside, and there are candles out even during the daytime, one of the only problems I have here is the stale bread they give you before the meal! why!? but the food is lovely! I had tagliatelle with aubergines and it was very good the one concern I did have was that it was a little oily. My boyfriend had the Salmon which was a little on the small side but fine for lunch I suppose.   The dessert choices were read out to us which was a little awkward because the waiter just kept listing things and then I forgot what he said, so you just go with what sticks really and so I had a sticky toffee pudding which was also really good!   It cost us around £20 for 2 courses each and drinks which really isn't bad!
5 Lunch is an outstanding deal! Two courses for 10£. The haggis balls had been recommended and they did not disappoint. The calamari was excellent - perfect texture and flavor. We also had the salmon, ribeye, and mussels - each of us were happy with our selection. The atmosphere is so nice and the waitstaff are terrific. Would go again for sure.
