4 On the list of places where I thought I'd find some of the most lip-smacking, taste-tingling, mouth (and eye) watering Thai food on this lovely planet of ours, I can honestly say that Edinburgh would have been more than a few pages beyond my top thirty list. (I thought getting good Thai food in Scotland would be like getting good sushi in Kansas).  And holy delicious, was I vastly wrong. Last night I was presented with some of the most beautiful, flavourful and utterly stunning Thai food I've ever had the pleasure of systematically devouring mouthfuls at a time. Eating family style as you do, we ordered the Cha Moragot which was a sizzling stir-fried dish involving swordfish, prawns, green curry, lemongrass, seasonal veg and just the right amount of chili to show your mouth who's boss. We also ordered a ginger/chicken/shitake mushroom dish, as well as the staple of Pad Thai, as you do in any new Thai restaurant. Let me just tell you, this recipe made me remember why I originally loved this now over-ordered and abused dish. It was perfection.   So why four stars? Well, the price of £50 for three dishes and three glasses of house wine caught me off-guard. (It was a night of surprises, really...) And I am still having a bit of a debate whether even the best Thai food I've had elsewhere would be worth $80 for this amount of food. Honestly, it might be. It was *that* good...
4 Tung Tong .  Keep saying it, Tung Tong!  That translates from Thai to bloody fabulous. Golden (I swear to god it looked golden) Chicken to die for. Gang Keow Wan for my main was great, nice and simple looking dish but very vibrant, both in flavor and colour.  I agree with Laura though, a meal for 2 of us came close to £40 with a few drinks between us and we didn't order alot. Not sure if it was worth the price, but it was the best Thai I've ever had.
4 Thankfully my parents were ones who treated me to this Thai meal, as I doubt my meagre bank balance could have handled the strain.  The food, however, is delicious.  It's authentic Thai cookery and they use a an enormous range of ingredients to create unique dishes.  The atmosphere in this place is pretty cool as well, with soft lighting and friendly staff producing a homely feel.  The menu is extensive and has a good selection of chargrilled, seafood, vegetarian and curry dishes, but virtually all of them cost around the £13 mark and hardly any are under £10.  Thus it does make for an expensive meal, but the food is excellent.  I had the Ped Makram which was duck breast with salad an aromatic, spicy sauce.   Siam Thani has offers a great meal with good service, but the prices are pretty steep.
4 Holy seafood batman.   Ok, so the seafood dish that I ordered was £12 (without rice). And the duck dish I was eyeing up was £15 and some mains were £18. So my first thought was actually "Hey Big Spender". It's not that cheap. But then, it seems to be the way with good Thai food places in Edinburgh -it automatically becomes quite-fine-dining.  The restaurant itself reflects this in style, ambiance and presentation. The staff are polite and attentive, it's quite pretty inside although we were there at 6pm before a Playhouse show, on a Wednesday so it was a little quiet.   It'd probably be a lovely place to bring your family for, well, a pre-Playhouse show meal, or a birthday dinner for dad. Maybe not quite date night as it lacked that young, sexy, romantic atmosphere (yes, Thai seafood curry can be sexy!) It's definitely somewhere to come for great food, a hushed ambiance and lovely staff.  The food itself - well yes, that's where the 4 stars come from. A really large portion of a seafood dish packed full of seafood. They took the mussells out my mixed seafood option without any qualms. THe scallops were tender, the prawns were huge and the squid squid-y. The menu is really, really extensive with lots of options I've not seen elsewhere. The presentation is quite lovely for the starters.  So yep, a good solid 4 stars. Next time I'm going to the Playhouse with family and want a nice pre-Theatre meal before, this place will do quite nicely methinks.
4 this past friday, i found myself off to a rather sophisticated affair.  see, i was off to the theatre to finally see phantom of the opera!!  the operatic singing, the glamourous costumes, the chandlier, and of course the phantom, i knew it was going to be a fabulous evening!!  and to start it off, i sat down to pre theatre dinner at one of my favourite thai restaurants.  i have been a frequent customer of siam thani and it's a number one choice for me and my theatre going friend who is a vegetarian for our pre show dinners.  it's our favourite as i love thai food and there is a whole vegetarian menu for my friend meaning she's not limited to her choices.  as per usual we decided to share a starter and had the vegetable tempura.  it was a plate full of fresh veg coated in crispy and tasty tempura batter.  there was also a nice dip of some sort of chilli sauce, but clearly homemade and not the sugary sweet variety you buy in tesco.  my favourite tempura veg was by far the broccoli, it was a cripsy outside and a still firm piece of broccoli on the inside. mmmmm.  now despite being here a number of times, i've actually only had about three dishes off the menu and last night it was my number one choice... the famous pad thai!!! yum yum yum!!!!!!!!!  i have tried pad thai in over a dozen thai restaurants in edinburgh and i still say that this place has the absolute best.  this noodle delight comes in a big portion piled high with bean sprouts, egg, and your meat (or tofu) of choice.  i usually go for the veggie option, but last night i fancied a change and went for king prawn.  my plate arrive with huge king tiger prawns freshly cooked and very meaty.  just delicious!!  i was a bit sad that there seemed to be a lack of veggies besides the bean sprouts and green beans though.  i may need to ask for extra next time.  also, the pad thai comes with a little side dish of crushed peanuts and dry chillis, so if you don't like heat be careful not to add the chilli side of this little bowl to your noodles!!  the service here is outstanding as well.  being in for a pre theatre dinner we usually only have about an hour to eat.  but having ordered a started to share and a main each tme we have been there we've still always left with plently of time to get across the street to the playhouse.  the starters are brought out almost immediately and the mains shortly after you finish your starter.  but do note that everything is made fresh, thai dishes just don't seem to take long to cook.  the waiters are also very attentive filling up water glasses promptly, clearing away dishes quickly, and brining the bill as soon as it is asked for.  i will no doubt be back here, maybe one day to try another dish from the menu, as the food is amazing and the staff so welcoming!  it's perfect for a pre-theatre dinner and although a bit on the expensive side well worth the price for the quality of the food.  i think this is easily one of the best thai restuarants in edinburgh.
1 This place is now shut!
