1 So we decided to go to Pizza Hut for a spot of lunch the other day, on a budget and in a bit of a rush the £6.99 all you can eat pizza and pasta buffet sounded pretty good. G-Bot only had an hour for his lunch but we figured that Pizza Hut would probably be the quickest option due to it's convenient location. Oh boy, how wrong we were.  As soon as we walked in we realised it was choc-a-block but with such a short space of time we didn't really want to head anywhere else as at lunchtime, everywhere is busy in this area. We stood at the door in a short queue and waited to be finished. We waited to five minutes before anyone even acknowledged that we were standing there waiting. All of the staff seemed to be doing nothing in particular all just aimlessly walking around doing their own thing, making to contact with any customers or doing anything worthwhile.   After around 15 minutes we were finally sat down and told to wait to get our order taken. We waited five minutes and nobody came so seeing as we just wanted to buffet we decided just to go up, we couldn't sit there forever and we were starving! I grabbed a plate and stuffed as much salad as I could on it and I got a few slices of pizza but there was hardly anything left and we were told to come back in a couple of minutes till they got a new batch out.   While we were sitting eating the small couple of slices we'd managed to grab a waitress came up to us and asked us if we were ready to order. HELLO!? We are sitting eating here, are you blind? This is probably the most bizarre question I've ever been asked in a cafe/restaurant/diner/anywhere really.  The pizza was pretty tasteless to be honest and the potato salad that I got seemed to be garnished with a water dressing that tasted like absolutely nothing and the cucumbers were cut about 4 inches thick.  Oh another thing, for some reason the napkins were cellotaped around the cutlery so when you took the tape off it ripped the napkin. It appears that the idiots really are running the asylum at this branch of Pizza Hut. This was levels of incompetence I've never experienced, anywhere. I realised it was busy but seriously these were schoolboy errors.   This lunchtime experience was a disaster, I realise it's Pizza Hut buffet and it's cheap and it's simple food but the service and the food was appalling and I won't be hurrying back.
2 I stopped by because the lunch buffet is a good deal for just £7.  The problem is that everyone else wants in too and this place isn't that big.  The queue can be enormous with no real place to wait.  Also I stood in line for at least 10 minutes before anyone even so much as looked in the direction of where I was standing.   Cramped and crowded, poor service, I can see the only reason to come here is to gorge your self on the buffet and vegetate in the streets while it digests.  If you're not planning on eating a lot or hate long queues, avoid this place like the plague.
5 Seated straight away, served very quickly and food came in a reasonable time. Staff friendly, good do.
