4 This is a great little place for when you want a tasty lunch that won't take long.  It's right next to the uni, so if you try and go at 1-1:15pm you will find yourself at the back of a queue, but you'll understand why once you get your wrap. Wraps are pretty much the only thing they serve, and they are soooooo good; they're the thicker, almost flatbread style wraps and they're always really fresh.  You pick your fillings from the huge selection of things in the chill counter, or if you're not feeling creative you can choose one of their suggestions on the menu. I love my food gooey and saucy, so I usually go for chicken, avocado and either hummus or baba ghanoush. When it comes off the grill I'm always too impatient to get stuck in, and so invariably end up burning my mouth, but once you try one you'll understand why.  That will set you back £3.50, and they don't charge you anything extra to sit in. That said, there isn't a huge amount of tables in here, and it's definitely not the place to go if you're trying to have a private conversation - this place is tiny and so all the tables are fairly close together.  If you need to grab lunch on the go, you should definitely go here.
4 This seemingly small cafe has a great selection for wraps and has a cute room in the back to chill out in and forget the possibly greyness of the city. The people who run it are always super friendly to me as well and I love their choices of food for a quick lunch.   There is usually new art decorating the brightly painted walls as well. Space is very limited, and you will be lucky to get an armchair at lunch times, but take away is still a great option with the Meadows being close. Sadly they aren't open on Sundays.
4 Coffee Etc is one of those places that whenever I walk past it it is always full, with a queue that is almost out of the door. While I have always taken this to be a good sign, up unti now I have never been in as I am pretty impatient and can never be bothered to wait. I did however, wait recently and to be honest, I'm really glad I did. The food was excellent - its mainly wraps, but they have some amazing fillings on offer - so that wait in the queue isnt wasted, in fact it might even be a good thing while you choose from the huge selection of fillings. Once you have gotten your wrap, there are a few little chairs and tables to eat at, but being so busy all the time its unlikely you will get one.
4 Coffee Etc. is a great little cafe and although I haven't tried the fabulous sounding wraps that the other reviewers have mentioned I have popped in for a cup of tea and a wee sit down although after reading the other reviews the first thing on my list next time is to get one of those wraps.  I guess I must come at the right times as whenever I've been I haven't had to wait in a queue and have always managed to get a seat too. The staff are always really friendly too and who can complain when you're receiving service with a smile?
4 Always packed and bustling with activity, Coffee etc has all the typical characteristics of a near university campus cafe. Wraps are cheap and moreish (£3), and the coffee is top notch too. Something I didn't expect was the refreshing spiced Somali tea.  The environment is a little bohemian and offers plenty of cosy places to read for a rainy afternoon.
4 Coffee Etc is possibly the most popular cafe for students before and after classes in George Square.  This is because it serves delicious, filling food at more than reasonable prices.  The decor inside feels stylish and contemporary with a decent sized area for seating.  The staff are always efficient and friendly in spite of the huge queues of  hungry customers. They do a great selection of wraps, paninis, sandwiches and soup for lunch.  My personal favourite is their turkey, salad and hummus wrap which costs about £3 and is perfect for lunch.  This, along with a big cup of coffee makes for a great value and tasty meal, and this is the key to the cafe's success.
4 Coffee Etc is one of the best places for students to go to for their lunch. It is literally just a stones throw away from the students playground, George Square, so you could not get a closer place to go to for your lunch.   I am a huge fan or this place, and they serve so much more than coffee, in fact, I have never ordered a coffee from Coffee Etc. They serve really delicious wraps, filled with almost anything you want. They offer a huge range of authentic ethnic cuisine such as falafel, hummus, babaganous and kidney beans, as well as the more traditional fillings such as mozzarella cheese, salad, kidney beans, and a selection of meats. I love their hummus and falafel wrap served with a spicy sauce and I find that when I eat one of their wraps for lunch, I am not feeling hungry for the rest of the day.  Coffee Etc offer a huge range of non-meat options so it is a great place for vegetarian's as they will definitely find something on the menu which they fancy.   The prices are incredibly reasonable here to, with a wrap costing about £3.50. Coffee Etc toast their wraps and is lovely to eat a wrap wrap on a cold day. There is a small seating area inside Coffee Etc which is cosy with comfy chairs, but can get quite cramped during the lunch time rush so I tend to take my food as a take away.   The staff are also very friendly and will to explain all the exotic dishes on the menu which they offer. Coffee Etc also sell a range of ethnic teas. It is definitely worth a visit.
3 Coffee etc is always heaving come lunchtime, full of students taking advantage of the vast amounts of food you get for a minimal amount of money.   For around £3 you can get a wrap filled with as many different ingredients as you like. Meat, salad, cheese, vegetables, sauces, pickles, they have everything here and you can have everything here if that is what you want.   I'd go for the takeaway option as it is unlikely you'll find a seat (well...I never do!)
