4 Nice big bar with large screen tv's for all sports. Has decent priced drinks and good value grub. Very handy b4 heading into town for a night out.
4 This is a pub that is surely among the busiest in Edinburgh when the rugby is on at Murrayfield. It serves as a meeting point for friends before going on to either another bar or into Murrayfield stadium itself. Me and a few friends popped in here for a couple of pints before going on to see Scotland play Italy last year. The decor of the pub is as you would expect, very much orientated towards rugby and before the game you get a great atmosphere among the supporters and really vibes you up for the game ahead.  The pub does a good range of beers and spirits and also serves food throughout the day. There are plenty of TVs around the pub and there are two projectors which are used for big sports games.
3 This is an ok-pub, but you wouldn't go out of your way to par-take of their tasty beverages.  The staff are friendly enough...relative when compared to the pub at the other end of Roseburn Rodeo Drive, but I just cannot get a feel of love and undying affection for this place.   I live not 100m away and have on a 'few' occasions found myself walking through their doors, but at the end of the day it's just a place that serves booze. They do put on a free buffet of finger food around 5pm, and this is to their absolute credit, but it still doesn't give me a warm gushie feeling inside. Sorry.   As I said with my review of the other place (and I don't mean Cambridge, but rather the Roseburn Bar), as a local I want a pub I can walk into and instantly feel at home...and loved. Roseburn is giving me nothing at present, and as a consequence we're going to have to move!!! C'mon Roseburn pubs, improve your game!!!
3 Our first evening in Edinburgh during our Trip in Scotland. In fact, our first evening in Scotland. We were looking for some decent dinner, nothing fancy, and a tasty beer to go with it. We found this in the Murrayfield Bar, which also offered a homely atmosphere and a friendly staff.  The menu offers a deal which gets you 2 main courses for 9,99£. So we ordered beer battered fish and shrimps, they both came with chips, peas and homemade tartar sauce. I liked the food, it stood up to the price, and served as a cushion for the beer to come after it.  I think Murrays Bar is a good place for a quick & decent dinner, I specially enjoyed the atmosphere there, despite the array of TV screens showing sports programs (no sound). But hey, it's a sports bar (it is, isn't it?)!
