5 The Loon Fung will always have a special place in my heart. Every year my family and I spend a long weekend in Edinburgh taking in lots of shows at the festival and without fail we stop in here to have an enormous Chinese feast. We always over order but I never learn to recognise my own limits. When you a stitch from eating too much food that's when you know you're enjoying yourself!  Salt and Chilli Chicken wings are my favorite starter although the King Prawn version is also pretty good. Make sure you get some Chinese tea to help you pace your drinking and cleanse your body (am I kidding myself by thinking this minus' calories?). Crispy duck is a must for mains but it's also worth getting a noodle dish too.   If I had one warning I would say that the Loon Fung is the kind of place where you need to get to know the menu. A few of the dishes can be a bit too sweet or greasy and some the descriptions are a little misleading. Nonetheless this is still one of my favourite restaurants. I'm really sad that I can't remember the name of the lovely woman who owns the Loon Fung but you'll be sure to know who I mean when you see her warm smile. If there is even the smallest mouthful still left in your bowl she'll offer to wrap it up in a doggie bag for you to take home as she really hates to see food go to waste. Great service, great food, great fun. Well recommended!
1 We ordered takeout in July 2009.  We ordered two vegetarian hot and sour soups, dumplings, and a chicken dish.  When we got home we had 3 soups and one dumpling - one soup was filled with shrimp. I have a shrimp allergy, so this was not appreciated.  There was no chicken dish.  The soups were mediocre. The dumpling was tasteless and I threw it out.  Thankfully I found the shrimps before eating them.  Overall this was one of the worst meals that we have ever had at a Chinese restaurant.
3 This is my local Chinese restaurant and it's nae half bad. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside or inside, the interior is pretty naff and looks dated - I would definitely rather eat their grub in the comfort of my own living room. I get the feeling that people don't come here for the décor though, it's the food that has this place full on a Friday or Saturday night. My sister will tell you that it's the best Chinese in Edinburgh: I don't rate it quite so highly. I always go for the shredded chilli beef and this is a dish that they have down to a tee: succulent pieces of beef, fried until it's nice and crispy then coated in a fiery chilli sauce, mmm mmm mmm. The prices are a little higher than average for a take-away and they haven't realised that some people would prefer them to not use MSG, but all in all the food is quite good as far as local, neighbourhood Chineses go.
3 Good all round Chinese with all the usual favourites. A tad pricey but defo the best Chinese in the Cannonmills area.
4 Our Chinese restaurant of choice, don't expect "fancy schmancy" decor, instead find great food and fabulous staff, well worth a visit.
2 I have had 3 work team lunches at Loon Fung within just a few months of each other as it seems to be my team's favourite local restaurant.  We always get the 3 course £8 lunch deal and I have now tried most things on the menu. In fact they are having another lunch there next week and I have actually chosen not to go as I'm definitely over it.  I would rather try any of the other nice cafes nearby.   In saying that though, the food is OK, but nothing to write home about.  Most dishes are as you would expect from reading the menu, except the first time I went and ordered the lemon chicken.  It was literally just a fillet of battered chicken in a sauce that I would call more sweet and sour, rather than lemon.  No veges or anything with it.  The actual chicken was nice, just not what I expected as all of the other main dishes were more like stirfry meals with a mix of meat and veges in a sauce and all mains come with rice.  Have always left feeling over full as the 3 courses is rather a lot of food.  The guy with the glasses is a bit of a hard case, often forgetting the orders and having to come back to check etc, but is very friendly.  The woman on the other hand seems rather sour.
3 Went to Loon Fung yet again for another team lunch this week.  This time a few of us decided to order off the main menu, rather than the £8 3 course lunch menu.  And I'm glad we did, as I thoroughly enjoyed my satay beef!  Therefore I have upgraded my rating from 2 stars to 3 stars as my previous rating was really only based off the more limited 3 course menu.  The main menu is very extensive, so you couldn't not find something you liked.
3 Going to a Chinese restaurant is a tricky prospect for me. After eating so much Chinese food in Hong Kong and Singapore I have a lot more questions: is this Cantonese? Do they serve shark fin? Is it more American Chinese or Chinese Chinese? Luckily, we had a friendly patron waiting out front of Loon Fung ready to answer all these questions and profess that it was the best Chinese he had eaten in the city. That was good enough for me. When we sat down my sister and brother-in-law and I compared our must haves: i need extra vegetables, they needed the aromatic crispy duck with pancakes (Peking duck) and hot and sour soup, we agreed on fried rice and bean curd and black bean sauce. It was all so good. The duck especially was a much larger serving than I am used to and we could make our own pancakes. The fried rice tasted just like home. As dinner wore on and we worked our way through the large amount of food the dining room slowly filled up. When we had arrived there was only one other table but when we left it was full. Before leaving however we ordered the toffee banana and lemon sorbet, served in a frozen hollowed out lemon. I would give the banana a miss but the lemon was cool. All in all, it was a pleasant reminder of what Chinese food is outside of China.
3 This was pretty good Cantonese food, for British/Scottish standards I suppose. The dishes were on the small side but the quality of the food was good. We had the seafood bird's nest which, on first glance, I thought it only had seafood balls in it. But eventually we uncovered some scallops and shrimps. The bird's nest was done nicely, crispy but not too heavy dough. We also had the sweet and sour pork which was fine, lots of pineapple chunks which my toddler son always loves to eat. The staff were friendly and helpful. They seem to be from Hong Kong but have lived in the UK for quite a long time now. So I think that's probably why the food is slightly westernized and not truly authentic Cantonese anymore.
