3 A little scruffy and rough round the edges, yet housing a range of camera accessories, Castle Photographic offers plenty for the photography fanatic.  As with most independent shops the owner is enthusiastic and willing to advise you on the best product: knowing little about camera equipment I was kindly enlightened about the possible modification for my current camera by the helpful owner.  There's a range of prints of the Edinburgh Castle, Falkirk wheel and more available too, just in case your granny wants a souvenir.  Worth a peak.
4 Castle Photogenic may be the size of a pip and look all cutesy from the outside, but it's actually got some pretty sweet deals on offer.  I am in desperate need of a new camera - my Samsung one is about to sing its final swansong, and keeps cutting out when I try to take pictures. It's hardly handy for Yelping and has caused me some minor heartaches, so all good things must come to an end.   I felt like I was cheating on it, but I had a wee peek in here to see how good other brands were. I've been using that and my wee (now very dated) Fujifilm cam for about 3 years. Who knew standard, £80 cameras now come with 10 megapixels and over 2 gig of memory? Not I! But I was impressed by the deals in Castle Photographic.  Aside from selling some swish SLR's, their everyday digital cameras were also swell. They were selling some big brands with up to £60 off the original RRP, and were upselling lesser known brands.   The shop owner knows his stuff and will be happy to explain if you are unsure of a brand, or don't know much about photography. There are loads of people out there who don't know what various buttons and gadgets are for, but all will be revealed in here. There are also a number of useful accessories on sale, including cheap memory cards and camera cases.  Small but snappy!
4 For ages I thought Castle Photographic was just a lame tourist shop. Because it's right next to the Castle. Ish. The name says all. Anyway, it's not. You know how some women go mad over shoes? Well, I've got that about cameras, which can be a lot more expensive as an obsession, but that depends on what kind of shoes you're buying. And on if you know how to develop your own photos. Castle Photographic has a beautiful display of old and new cameras. I go all tingly when I see them. And then turn away and resist buying them. For the sake of my next meal.   Castle Photographic used to be THE place to get polaroid film (sadly, very sadly discontinued). Cheapest in the city. Now you can still get your range of 120 film, which as far as I'm concerned, is not the easiest film to find. They stock your usual Kodak and Ilford in both formats. And you can get your film developed there, though they send it off to a lab. The man who works there is absolutely lovely and extremely helpful.   Definitely pop in if you're a photo geek. And even if you're not.
1 This place is closed, as in no longer in operation.  My husband and I went 'round to this shop on Friday (09 November 2012) to see if the owner could tell me what was wrong with my camera (Nikon D40).   I was quite disappointed to see that it was shut and the owner retired.   Problem ended up being a worn out lens (replaced at Curry's over on Princes Street), so it was all ok in the end.
