4 I've lost count of the number of times this godsend of a place has saved me from my rumbling tummy on the way home from a night out.  There's not really that much to separate the generic fast food takeaway places that you never seem to go to when you're sober, but if my heels will allow it I always tend to gravitate towards this one.  For starters, you get student discount on absolutely everything, as well as student-only promos like a huge pizza slice for only £1.50... absolute winner. The food is always cooked well (in other words, I've never got ill from one of their burgers/kebabs!) which is generally  more than can be said for a lot of places like this.   But what I think really swings it for me was the freezing january night when a friend and I were queuing out the door in the snow, to find that the staff were going along the queue handing out free chips to warm you up while you waited. You can't get any better than that. The only drawback? It's not open late enough!
5 After a night out in the city centre, I have a habit of by-passing all the open and often empty chippies (much to the annoyance of my friends) and heading to the always full - but always excellent - Pizza Paradice on the very corner of George Street.  The reason is simple- a HUUUUGE slice of pizza with a variety of toppings to choose from and a can of fizzy juice is around £2. The bargain of the century in my eyes. Its not just pizza though - Pizza paradice does all the other fair you may expect such as burger, kebabs, and really nice chicken pakora's. During the day the pizza tastes just as great, proving that there isnt some form of beer goggles for the taste buds.  There is however two problems - the ham and mushroom pizza is always the frist to go (shame as its the best) and Pizza paradice closes faaar too early.
3 Sometimes, hunger clouds your judgement. Or that can be the alcohol. Whatever it is, this places will cater to your needs. It has a great student discount and lots of greasy food to choose to your liking. Located conveniently at an inter-cross for those returning to Newington, Grassmarket, the Meadows or New Town there always seem to be clientele here on a weekend night.   This place is cheap and will satisfy your hunger for sure!
4 There's nothing better than the taste of hot cheese slopping into your mouth at 3 in the morning. Perhaps some people eat here during the day at normal hours like lunch or dinner time, which is fair enough, but I think the doughy wares of Pizza Paradise are best enjoyed after midnight, as that's when the street party begins.  I have vivid (and at the same time blurry) memories of many a night out in the Grassmarket, in the days where I would take out £20 for the night and that would be it for drinks plus taxi fare. The £20 did not allow for the alcohol fuelled idea, and luxury, of buying a whole pizza to chomp on the way home. Therefore, my friends and I, some of whom were in the same predicament, would slyly socialise with many of the innocent pizza eaters standing outside the shop, who would then, more often than not, offer us some pizza, probably to get rid of us more than anything. The point of all this nostalgia is really to say that Pizza Paradise is brilliant for a post night out pizza fix, and very conveniently located on George IV Bridge.
4 I find that when I am drunk, everything tastes so much better. I once ate a pizza that was pretty much raw after it had only cooked for 5 minutes, and raved to everyone that it was the best pizza I had ever had. So perhaps awarding Pizza Paradise four stars is a bit much seeing as I have never eaten there sober.   However, it is next to the Grassmarket and is open late so it already wins. And you can stumble in here and buy a load of munch for a reasonable price. And when you are drunk it tastes oh so good!
4 I give credit to Pizza Paradise solely for its location and I suppose their hearty supply of post boozing grub also. Conveniently located at the top of Candlemaker Row and at the bottom end of George IV bridge Pizza, Paradise is primed and ready to fulfil your hunger during the long walk home after a night on the town. Generous discount and generous slices of pizza ensure a cheap eat too.  In fact, over the course of this review I've persuaded myself to admire this place.  4 stars it is then.
5 This place has saved my life on many, many occassions. That drunken stumble home has never been so good - the beacon of light in the distance fills my heart with joy. Ok, let's remember what this place is...it's a chip shop aimed at the 2am market - don't expect anything more. It plays its role really really well.  They have good pizza's - as suggested by the title - and really yummy chicken pakora's too.   10/10 pizza paradise! See you on Friday!
4 It's so funny reading back on the other reviews - seems like no one has visited here when sober!   Or even if they have, one thing has to be said about Pizza Paradise - it's far more memorable when drunk as a skunk. At two in the morning there is nothing better than toddling in here for a portion of chips and a great big dollop of soft pizza. It does the job of soaking up the alcohol and stops any frenzy about having to get up for a train back to Glasgow at early o clock with a blazing hangover.  It's simple, good old fashioned fast food. I've never been particularly drawn to coming in here with a clear head but that's not to say I wouldn't. I've always enjoyed a munch from Pizza Paradise and with their patient, efficient staff they do the trick at three in the morning!
5 I'm very rarely out in the capital at 3am, so going by the other reviews it seems that perhaps I'm not experiencing Pizza Paradise in it's purest form. Given that I am exceptionally greedy however, I have on the odd occasion found the prospect of a large and greasy slice of pepperoni just too tempting to ignore.  I certainly didn't regret it, and while I think perhaps a whole pizza from here is a little bit too gluttonous even for me, a slice here and there is utterly fantastic.
3 Have only been here a few times, but every time I have not had a thing to complain about it!  The first time I went I had a couple of large slices of pizza. The salami pizza was hot, spicy and tasted very fresh! It did not look like it had been sitting there for days on end! On my other visit I tried a roll with a spicy chicken filling, the chicken was quite tender with a creamy sauce. All very nice!  Inside, the place is quite small and does have a limited amount of seating, but if you get a seat by the window, it is a great place to watch the countless number of people going by.   Pizza paradise is a great place to go during the day or after a night out, and the pizza is tasty and quite cheap...Perfect!
2 Clearly no one that has reviewed this place has ever eaten pizza before so the fact that it had bread and cheese and some canned veggies and cured meat passed for pizza. There is no amount of drunk that would have led me to believe that this pizza is good.  I have eaten perfect amazing wonderful pizza, Italian style, New York style, Chicago style...   HELL NO. This pizza is gross.   HELL YES. I was drunk when I ate it.   Yea, I ate it. But no... I could not get past the fact that the pizza was so subpar that I wanted my money back. Of course I ate it, I was wasted. But I knew, deep down, that I was being made a fool. I knew I should have gone back to my apartment and eaten a frozen pizza because it would have been far and away more delicious.   The place is aptly named because I am pretty sure paradise will be no fun and thus have shitty pizza.
3 I'm not sure how good a review I can actually give this place as I've only ever been in after having had an orange juice or ten.  However I must say, the pizza after 10 pints is second to none!!!  You can buy pizza as a whole or buy the slice so perfect depending on how hungry you are.  Open late and very central so easy to stumble to:P
4 Many a times have I stumbled home drunk through the meadows, pizza in hand. Never do I have any pizza left by the time I reach my flat. This place is a godsend after the pub. Though I don't think the pizzas would be that great when sober, everything is delicious when drunk!
1 Ok I cannot understand the reviews nor the ratings here. My only explanation is that no one has ever visited this place sober, ever. Unfortunately yesterday night I did and it was an awful experience. The pizza was, in one word, disgusting and quite cold. Just stay away, even if you are dead drunk.
3 Meh. I got a shawarma here once and it wasn't that great. You're better off walking an extra block and going to Che for that.  However, I did enjoy a falafel wrap I got here once. So there's that.
