4 An ongoing attempt to find some inexpensive filling lunch near to Waverly Station (that wasn't Jimmy Chung's or Pizza Hut) brought me to La Rusticana.   This Italian Restaurant is situated perfectly on Cockburn St (its sister restaurant lies on Hanover St) and is a great place to come if you've just come out from the station or are on your way back to Southside from the North.  At its heart La Rusticana is a fairly standard Italian fair. That doesn't make it bad, but don't expect anything too unexpected. There are some slightly different dishes, at least at first sight, for example their Melanzane Parmigiana (aubergine in tomato sauce) but these are mostly just variations on classics. However within this limitation there is actually a very large menu, and you will find yourself still hard pressed to choose. Expect decent quality and good portions.   The interior is nice, not too fancy but good enough for a special occasion and appropriate for dressy or more casual wear. The place is family run and has a friendly feel.  What does make La Rusticana a treat is their very reasonable prices. A business lunch, three courses, costs only £5.45. A  real bargain considering!   A great lunch time option with a vast traditional Italian menu.
4 If you are in the mood for a delicious Italian meal, La Rusticana is the place to go. Situated on Cockburn Road, La Rusticana is just a short walk from the city centre and is just around the corner from the Royal Mile and so it is convenient place to reach.   Their menu offers an extensive range of authentic Italian dishes and I love to come here for my dinner in the evenings. Their starters include traditional Italian dishes including bruschetta and melon and ham, but there are more exotic entry's too such as snails La Rusticana pizza's are some of my favourite's in the city as the base is super thin and doughy with no burnt bits! They always add lots of toppings and don't skimp on the cheese which is always a bonus. They also have a vast selection of pasta dishes and their spaghetti with clams and tomato's is particularly gorgeous. La Rusticana also serve a selection of meat dishes including steak, chicken and veal.   The prices are incredibly reasonable here, with pasta and pizza dishes costing about £6 - what a bargain. There are a vast range of wines available and the house red which I had was really tasty and inexpensive but it didn't taste cheap. A great place to go for a tasty Italian meal.
