2 A ship which is a bar, restaurant and music cellar.   No reviews yet, shame. So all the people that I usually see on the Cruz don't seem to bother about reviews on Yelp - or are there no Yelpers going to the Cruz?  Anyway this ship is a less of a hit and mostly miss for me.  They have a brilliant location and a fantastic venue and why oh why don't I like it?.  I want to! especially in the summer when you can have the sun (if..) on the deck the whole day. There are no comfertable chairs on the deck and it has an 'ramshackle' outdoor bar thingy.. but when the sun is out it is packed.  The restaurant has not been visited anytime I passed. Can't comment on that.  The inside of the Cruz is .. a ship's lounge.  there is a grand Piano and all is a well kept. I can't say anymore really as most of the time for me it was a bit .. meh.
3 Well, it's a ship. Which is a novelty in itself. But you only really need to make this place a stop if you require a beer outdoors at the Shore. They have benches outside that are ideal for a quick beverage in the sunshine. I wouldn't eat here as expensive and have heard it's not very good. But for the benches and banter with pals I'd take a seat!
1 Picture says it all....ha this place is awful. To call it a dive does dives a dis-service. Probably the least appealing place I have ever been unfortunate enough to spend any time in.  On a pub crawl with Owen.C to find Leiths biggest dive I feel we hit the mark here!! The funniest thing was the wedding reception going on there and a 60th birthday....!  Hialrious!
1 I attended a private party at this venue. One star is generous. Not only was the extortionately priced buffet over 3 hours late, but I think the catering staff must have assumed that they were feeding a small group of anorexics, as my girlfriends were starving after having to fight for the small morsels of cold pasta and soggy pizza that were on offer. £15 plus £5 for a glass of alleged "prosecco"?! Are you having a laugh?   The toilets, due to the wonkiness of the entire venue, a water spill that had not been cleaned up and the tiled floor were dangerously slippery and more than one of us nearly broke our necks trying to negotiate our way back to the door.   I was unable to take part in the buffet due to food allergies (thank god, as I would have felt more ripped off than I already do, and that's bad) and had phoned the venue explaining this a few days previously. I was instructed to look at the menu for another restaurant (?) and select what I wanted. I did this and sent an email which apparently never arrived.   When I arrived at the venue, the rightfully embarassed bar staff member told me that the venue doesn't do food and that the restaurant is closed, despite the menu being on the website, and no mention of this when I called! However, miraculaously, I was offered the option of steak or chicken. OK, fine. So I wait, and wait and wait and wait and EVENTUALLY a steak arrives. It was fine. Not good, not great, but OK. Chips were cold and soggy, but to be honest, after I'd seen what the rest of the group had been subjected to, I was oddly grateful.   So, I went to settle the bill afterwards and explained to the staff member that I thought £15 was a bit harsh and that I hadn't been told the price before ordering. The dish that I had actually ordered in my email was £7.95. So, off she goes to get the manager, who was the most exceptionally rude individual I have ever come across. Customer service or even being vaguely civil was obviously not covered in the training course.  So, after me asking and being told straight out that the steak is "normally £18 on the menu" and I was already getting a discount, I very grudgingly pay my £15 and leave. However, I actually look at the menu today and find that in fact the steak is £12.95!! I find this absolutely outrageous.   I  hope that no other poor chumps make the same mistake my disappointed, undernourished group did.
4 It's a pub on a boat! How could I resist? The upper deck is a nice place to sit out on a warm day (or evening), and it's really empty in October, so it feels like you're on your own boat... if you use your imagination a bit. The interior's quite pleasant to sit in, too, and the range of beers isn't too bad.
