4 Have great lunch specials... Located near the Uni... Really friendly staff...
4 Saffrani is a great Indian restaurant by Edinburgh University that is extremely convenient in Old Town. I have been twice for dinner, both times with different voucher deals. I thought the curries were fantastic generally, except Mason R. had the lamb saag last time and, after I tried it, my mouth was still on fire for a full five minutes after (and it was only rated as medium spicy!). I had a creamy coconut curry with chicken that was delicious. The garlic naan was also really good. Prices were reasonable and average for Indian places here, and I thought the staff were friendly and the food was served fairly promptly, too. They had good Cobra beer and I enjoyed the mango lassi here, too. This place is a great little find and I'll be back again for dinner, or for one of their lunch deals.
5 Pretty good! It was a little slow when we went, so we got a lot of attention from the wait staff. The food was reasonably priced and absolutely delicious!
2 Nothing wrong with this restaurant but nothing amazing either. It's in a key location for festival frivolities so ideal for a quick fill if you are crowd dodging. Portion sizes are adequate and the Saag chicken as described in the menu. The August squeeze is on in here with tables close together and the spiced heat from the kitchen never too far away. Pappadoms were half forced into our menu before a curry choice had been made, however an array of four pickles to go with, were half worth the £2 charged for them. Sparkling water was dear, as was most of the drinks menu. For answering the 'where can we get a curry around here?' question, Saffrani will be a quick fix, a stones throw away from a majority of venues.
4 Nice little restaurant tucked away on South College St. Its small and cosy and serves great food. Service was a little slow even though it wasn't that busy but reward was great fresh food. The waiter was very helpful to explain the differences between dishes and really enjoyed my visit. Another great find.
