4 Christopher Ross is a men's outfitters which hires and sells formal menswear.  It looks quite posh from the outside and the atomoshpere and decor inside is fitting with the style and sense of occassion of the clothes which it sells.  It has an excellent collection of kilts ranging across each of the traditional clan outfits and they tailor each one to exactly fit the individual customer.  Althoug I just had a look around, the guy behind the desk was friendly and told me all about the different suits and dinner jackets which they had on offer.  To buy, they all seemed pretty extortionate with a full traditional outfit costing about £700.  Then again, that's probably the going rate and all their clothing is top of the range in quality.   If you're ever loking for some formal attire or even a pair of trews (tartan trousers which actually looked pretty cool) then Christopher Ross is certainly worth a look.
3 "Am wantin a kilt like fir ma brither's weddin an that ken."  I'm undoubtedly the least patriotic Scot on the planet, and so the chances of me ever being found kilted up and drunkenly brandishing a skee "n" doo at a wedding are more or less non-existent. However, I am in need of a new suit and smart shoes, as due to the end of my contract at work in a few months I'll likely have to endure a few job interviews. I thought Cristopher Ross might be able to help me out.  They couldn't. Heaven for kilt lovers, useless for anyone else.
3 If you've ever wondered where the scottish men get kilted up, Christopher Ross on Leith Street is one of the shops it's possible to hire the whole outfit.  I have to admit I've found the kilt much more attractive than I expected to (granted it's got to be the right kind of a man in it!) and have noticed a whole range in terms of quality. That said, Christopher Ross is definitely up there, if there is such a thing as high fashion kilts!   To rent a full outfit for a weekend, it'll cost you anything from £60 to £90, so I wonder just how much it costs to actually own one. It's part of my greater plan to leave Scotland with my own, and it's bound to be the best outfit a girl can wear to a dress up party!
