5 This is an excellent sandwich shop located on Leith Walk, which serves delicious food with great service at decent prices.  The shop is small, light and quaint with friendly staff and an impressive semi-deli counter.  They not only serve sandwiches (hot and cold), salads and baked potatoes, but also flame-grilled burgers.  I went for a large sausage and scrambled egg roll which, somehow, only came to £1.60!! It was delicious, with good quality sausages, velvety scrambled eggs and and nice, fluffy white bread.  I'd come here again any day and would urge you to do likewise as I couldn't fault the service, food or menu and was staggered by the prices.
4 This place is cheap - and in a good way, not in a way which is reflected by the staff and the food.  Thats because the food is awesome, and the staff are really friendly. There is a huge selection of the usual sandwich fillers that you would expect from a place like this, but more importantly they also do amazing baked potatoes and various other foods which you mmay not have expected when you first walked into Bites.  And again, back to the price - You could come in here with a £5 note, and leave with change after a full meal. Amazing.
4 Bites is a really lovely place to stop by for a snack!  It's a small sandwich takeaway selling a nice selection of fillings, including some deli options. There are also a good selection of juice and nibbles in the fridge, all at cheap prices (but good cheap, as Jonathan said). They had some really nice coconut slices and the sweet eats such as the cake slices were quite massive in size (but surprisingly well priced considering the portions).   What strikes me most of all about Bites is how lovely the staff are! I dragged my feet into this wee shop on the hottest of days like week and felt like I was going to faint. A bottle of water and a cake given to me by the lovely owner sorted me right out. We had a chat about the weather and holidays. It's nice when you visit a shop where the owner is genuinely interested in your custom. He was very polite and, since I'd had a bit of a rough couple of weeks, his chatty manner was just the right tonic to put me in a better mood!  Wonderful service and nice food, I'd definitely go back.
4 You can't really go wrong with  a place like this! It is a cute little sandwich shop that offers everything from snacks to lunches.  Their food is good, and quite reasonable! As has been said before me, there is a good selection of everything and the staff are happy to help. Onto a winner!
5 Qute some way down what must surely be the greatest street in the world, by location alone I'm probably a bit biased towards Bites, but nonetheless it's a great stop for good, honest food with just enough frills to make it more memorable than your average sarnie shop.  A BLT, cake and a bottle of juice came to less than 4 notes on my visit, and such a feast can often cost you not far off double that in Edinburgh's more glamorous locales. Next time I'm down  this end, I'll definitely be back.
4 I liked Bites very much. The sandwich was fresh and tasty and their Indian potato and spinach soup offered a lovely combination of flavours.  Overall, we said: "I was really pleased to have stumbled upon such a good little place as Bites proved to be. At £4.10 for soup and roll, it's towards the cheaper end of the market, but much like nearby Chequers and Crolla's, they have their low cost-high quality value proposition working very nicely. I'd be glad to pay it another visit, and hope to do so, soon."
