3 Whatever Tie Rack you visit, they always seem to have a sale on and Tie Rack just seems to be one of those shops that's filling a gap on the high street. It's never busy and I don't actually know anyone who gets their ties from here. Still, it's always handy for gifts for male relatives that I never have a clue what to buy for them, every guy likes a nice tie, right?  In addition to ties they also have a good range of gents and ladies scarves and gloves all of very good quality and in a good selection. Again, they are excellent gift ideas for little extras.  One thing that Tie Rack excels at is their range of small handbags and clutch bags and I have a few gorgeous bags from here that are excellent for proms, dances and other formal occasions where a small clutch is necessary. One in particular I always get compliments on and as it's black, goes with so many outfits!
4 When I think of ties, I think of misery.  I think of trudging onto a train at the crack of dawn, of staring vacantly at numerous spreadsheets for 7 hours a day, and of grinding through various pointless, fruitless tasks all geared towards making money for someone I've never met, who is almost certainly a dick.  That said, if you're really stuck for your uncle's birthday, then a silky noose from here will just about do.
4 What a stupid bloody poncey uni Edinburgh is. 'All male graduands must wear a dark suit with a white wing-tipped collar and white bow tie'. Yeah that's right, a white bow tie. Who the hell wears white bow ties?!   It was actually quite funny when I went in here. The guy knew pretty much as soon as I walked in exactly what I was looking for and just produced said white bow tie seemingly out of thin air. I'd struggled all day to find one too. Why I didn't try tie rack first I don't know, but I was so disillusioned with the whole affair I wasn't in my right mind.  At £10 it wasn't the cheapest. But it's a nice white bow tie, and now I have a white bow tie for all the white bow tie occasions I'll be attending. 3* for the price, 5* for the service comes to a nice even 4*.
