3 If only I had disposable income.   First of all unless you have at least £1000 to burn, you're going to struggle here. But if you do that have kind of cash and your a tech head, batter in. This place specialises in brands that you have heard of, but models you've never seen. What do I mean? I mean your unlikely to find these Sony TV's on sale on the high street.  This begs the question I would be asking myself as I made my way through the shop. Whats the difference between a £700 40 inch and a £1400 40 inch TV? None that I could see.  They also sell a range of other AV gear, but to be honest, it's just for people who like to show off how much money they earn.
3 Aside from selling the usual amplifiers, CD players and top quality speakers, Hi Fi corner sells some decent headphones too.  Free testing and some enthusiastic staff ensure you'll be well informed about any potential buy. There's some particularly special B & W headphones too, shame they cost a limb at nearly £300 but its worth testing them just to hear the difference in sound quality.
4 As music becomes more and more disposable, people seem happier to stick to the tinny speakers on their beat-up old laptop rather than shelling out for a proper soundsystem. For the dwindling band of audiophiles however, Hi-Fi Corner is a bit of a mecca, with some very high-end stereo systems, surround sound units, and home cinema setups.  It's all the kind of stuff I would quite like to have, but wouldn't necessarily lose sleep over. Stylish and top quality as it is, I'm sure there's better ways to spend 2 grand rather than on a CD player.
5 There are times that I wish I could defer my months rent and come to this place instead.   I'm a bit of a fiend for Hi Fi's and as such, this shop is a bit like a Meccah for me - I could come in here just to look in an awed silence. Thankfully though, the staff(who are very friendly and helpful) snap me out of my daze and offer some of the best advice and banter I could ever ask for in a Hi Fi store - they really know thier stuff. More often than not, they'll let you have a bit of a play about with the merchendice too - which is always a treat. It's hard to tear yourself away when you realise you do have to pay your rent and cant actually afford the speaker system you have your eye on.
3 There isn't anything wrong with Hi-Fi Corner and it's a bit of a one of a kind in the area, but it doesn't' capture my imagination as much as other places in Edinburgh  Some places you walk in to buy some speakers and leave wanting a thirty grand sound system, but this places doesn't generate the same magic.  Despite this, the fundamentals of this place are good and if you want high, but not ultra-high, end this is the place to come.  There isn't however, the greatest amount of variety of each product type in store.  As a shop it's decent enough, but if you're picky you'll want to go both here and somewhere else.
