4 This is definitely more of a café than a restaurant, as it's not open later on in the evenings and they mainly serve lighter eals like soups and quiches.  The first few times I walked past this place, I was a bit put off by the fact that every single table seemed to be occupied by old women. When a friend suggested we met for lunch there, I have to say I was a bit dubious. I was wrong though...  The food was absolutely gorgeous. Everything was authentic and home-made, but still presented beautifully on the plate when it came, and more importantly it was extremely tasty. I'd never really understood what people meant when they talked about food being 'lovingly prepared', but you can really taste, see and smell how much Annabelle's love serving up gorgeous home-cooked food.  Yes, the windows have lace curtains draped across them, and yes, there were quite a few older people in there. But they've got the right idea: if I still live in Edinburgh when I'm a pensioner, I'll be doing exactly the same thing.
3 'Restaurant' is a generous label for Annabelle's, it's really a café, and a small one at that. Normally absolutely packed in the late morning / early afternoon by geriatrics, I can imagine this being a perfect place for a cup of tea and a good reminisce for them. Unfortunately, if you are not quite at bus pass age then you may find it a bit dull for your tastes. There is little atmosphere and it can be a bit uncomfortable when everyone else is a good 50 years older than you.  The food is good, but I honestly cannot see how they can justify the prices. There are the standard scones and cakes and all you could want for afternoon tea, as well as a few different sandwiches and pasties / quiches. But all of them are horribly overpriced. Maybe if you are a pensioner that has saved a bit of money and are happy to pay more for the better quality food (which cannot be argued), but seeing as Annabelle's is located right in studentville it seems they are alienating a lot of their potential customers.
