4 The Royal Mile Gallery stocks top quality prints all with a Scottish theme. Most of the prints here show Edinburgh, both the old Edinburgh and the modern day one. It's so interesting to see the old Edinburgh as it was and to think how much it's changed and how different it would have been not so long ago.  When I popped in the other day it was busy, full of tourists who were probably looking for souvenirs and a print is the perfect souvenir, as it will fit flat and perfectly in your suitcase and whenever you look at the print you bought you will be transported back to your travel to Scotland's beautiful capital city.   Of course, these prints aren't just aimed at tourists and would look great in any home.
4 The Royal Mile Gallery, situated in an area littered with tourist shops, brings a touch of class to the street.  Selling old prints of Scotland, old maps and some classic Victorian prints of old paintings, it's a great glimpse into Edinburgh's past. Prints aren't that expensive, come in various sizes (some easy to take home!) and all older prints derived from authentic sources, so are dripping in history.  For the quality and choice in here, it's not even that expensive. Definitely worth a look if you are looking for something with more substance than the surrounding tourist traps.
4 I had passed this place up before... a number of times.  This time I saw a few maps in the window and that's what pulled me in.  The last map shop I went into did not have what I was looking for, so I hoped that maybe I would find something here.  The front of the store is full of prints.  On the left side, it is mostly Edinburgh.  On the right side, it is prints of various sorts, for example dogs.  The maps are at the back of the store.  The only thing I didn't like were the shelves these prints were on because I didn't feel like I could flip through all of them without them falling on the floor.  I will say that there were a number of beautiful maps, not exactly what I wanted, but I considered buying them anyway because the prices were a bit lower from the other map shop.  The guy running the store didn't really offer to help, but he was wearing a kilt and holding a 4-month old puppy...  if he had been selling the puppy, I would've bought it on the spot.  If you are looking for prints, there are a lot of prints starting at £10 that would make lovely souvenirs.
