3 As far as out of town shopping complexes go, Fort Kinnaird is distinctly average.  My university halls were near here so in first year this was where we would go for our shopping trips. It has a large New Look, which is good if you like New Look. I am not too keen, and it is always full of scary 14 year olds who look like they are going to happy slap you. There is also a Next, Mothercare, Dorothy Perkins, Marks and Spencer, HMV, Thorntons, Boots and River Island. There is also a few fast food outlets (Subway, Pizza Hut) so a great day out if you are that way inclined. I just find these shopping complexes to be very boring, and would much rather go to Princes Street where there is much more choice.
4 Princes Street is great, and so is the rest of the city centre shops - but when I need everything in one place, as well as some shops which just arent big enough for my needs in the city centre, or perhaps not even there at all- I come to Fort Kinnaird.  Its basically just a car park or two with a huge amount of shops around its edges - but as I said they are big super stores, and some of them are the only ones in miles. Really, its quite a drab place, but if there is something you need that just isnt available in the city centre, come here - it has everything, and even though it is a pain to get to, its worth it.
3 This place is Edinburgh's equivalent to the Glasgow Forge, high street shops in a field.  I can imagine it serves the local area very well, but there really is no point in venturing out here from central Edinburgh.  If you do happen apon this place, go to Thornton's cafe for a Chocolate Mint Ice Cream milkshake while you quickly count out change for the bus out of the place.
3 Me and a couple of mates came here a few days ago and were pretty underwhelmed by the place, it really doesn't have the pull to make people frequently come here instead of hitting up Princes Street.  The shops are good, and most have more stock than you would get in the traditional high street shops. There are also a good range of food outlets surrounding the shopping complex if you fancy a bite to eat.  However, Princes Street offers a better range of shops, and I like the traditional city high street, rather than these new suburban shopping districts, I just feel that they lack much of the character that you get on the high street. On Princes Street, you have a wide array of areas to sit- Charlotte's Square, St Andrew's Square and Princes Street Gardens, but here, there's nothing of the sort.
2 Wanted to buy from HMV because i knew they were struggling financially. Didn't want another brand name to disappear from our streets. They also had a great deal on an Xbox for Christmas. After battling for a parking space and traveling the gauntlet to then find the smallest asterix & the smallest conditions list, meaning what looked like a good deal was actually £58 more expensive than Tesco + Club-card points. Its always good to support our local jobs, but extracting the yellow stuff from consumers is not nice. 2 Stars guys and thats only because one of the staff had a nice bum... (Female this time)! LoL!
2 Years ago, well around 30 years ago Fort Kinnaird, like a king had a good heart. It's heart came in the shape of a UCI Cinema chain; on one side a Frankie & Benny's, to the other a Megabowl. But one of the first of this US styled mall in the 80's.  There are still lots of shopping facilities dotted around here, some of which have gone too soon - unable to cope. But there are a few coffee houses, food clothing, jewellers, sports type outlets. Blah, blah etc. What there isn't is heart anymore! Unless you count Starbucks inside Waterstones & HMV...oh dear, can you see where I'm going with this?  Nothing entertaining, educational, or science-y, not a concert hall or music venue, not a dating venue, not much in the way of health and well being, unless you count nearby Bannatyne's. Not even anything out of the ordinary. What it needs is a place where everyone knows your name. Enriched by people who can get together and enjoy the mall experience, a place where community decisions matter, a place that produces job creation for the local economy?  Yes you could be a mall rat, but one where you partially hang about outside, as it is such a large spread out site you kind of stay healthy, walking the distance between shops. Sadly what we dont want to see is Fort Kinnaird snapped out of existence to be no more, like a slain king in battle, now virtually buried to become a car park.   There's light on the horizon and word of another cinema complex going ahead here, just don't invite Justin Bieber to open it, even if his street cred needs enhancing!
2 Everything you could want in a retail park.  Except parking. Absolute shocker!  Oh and bring back a cinema and megabowl. They are sorely missed.
4 It's about 15 minutes drive from my house, so quite handy for that coffe or a window shop that burns a hole in purse!    It's handy and has loads of parking spaces.  It's out door though so when going check the the weather forecast because the elements can catch you out!  Also all the bank ATMs are all on the one side of the park, where the WH Shith, Boots, Next are.  Loads of high street shops here so you are bound to get the next outfit for that night out here!
