4 The predominant style of bikes on offer from here are cross country bikes and it is this area where the shop offers its most comprehensive section.  Despite this the other styles of bikes the store also offers are very well stocked themselves with hybrid bikes (which are suited to both track and road) being its second best area.  The bikes generally sit in the price range between £250 and £1000 with relatively few ultra high end bikes on offer compared to some of the specialist shops.  The bikes on offer are, however, of high quality and area all good bikes that you would want to buy.  If all the choice gets a bit much for you then the staff here are more than happy to help and you only need to ask and they shall do everything they can to help you pick out the right bike.
4 I went here on my quest to find a mountain bike. I had emailed them previously and a very helpful employee said they would hold a demo bike for me to check out. When I arrived they brought out the bike for me to see, but in the end I decided against it for various reasons. The guy I dealt with in the shop was hugely helpful though and gave me lots of useful advice on what kind of mtb I should buy for my level, how much I should spend and the general history of mountain bikes. It was great to talk to someone who clearly loves bikes and knows what he's talking about and it wasn't a sale tactic. I had dragged along a friend who's really into his mountain bikes and even he learnt some new information from this guy. We were both impressed. I didn't end up buying in this shop but that was purely because I went for the bike shop that was closer to me and had a sale on!
4 I think Alpine Bikes is one of the Edinburgh stalwarts, but I only visited this shop for the first time a few weeks ago. There was a decent sale on and I picked up a good bargain.   This shop has the largest ladies section I've seen in Edinburgh so far. The clothing is good and varied, catering for the roadies, MTBers and utility bike riders amongst us.   I had good banter with the guy at the counter who couldn't fathom at all why I might want to buy a baby blue shirt dress thing with pink piping and reflective strips up the back. Cute and girly didn't marry up with his understanding of bike riding, but he made me laugh and it was all in good fun.    Would definitely come back here to look at the clothing. Didn't explore the shop further than the ladies section.
