4 Whenever I think of Internationale I just think... "Oh God, avoid" but when I popped into this branch in St. James Shopping Centre the other day I was reminded of the days when I used to love Internationale and when I used to come here with my Gran who would often buy me some funky accessories and I remember she once bought me those little chops sticks for your hair and I thought they were the coolest things ever.  It's not somewhere I shop now, but when I was younger Internationale was where I bought absolutely everything. The stuff here may not be as catwalk glamorous as the likes of Topshop and River Island and if you're over 16 you'll probably look a bit weird in most of the clothes but for teens who want to look trendy but can't afford to shop in Topshop or the like or whose parents can't afford to buy them clothes from other stores, Internationale is perfect and they often have clothes for as little as £2!   I think Internationale is perfect for it's target audience and very affordable too. This particular branch is also very tidy and organised unlike some other branches that look like total chaos.
3 Back in my dancing days (not lap dancing, theatre duh) Internationale was great for costume supplies. When we danced to "Diamonds Are a Girls Best Friend" all 12 of us were decked out in cheap bling from Internationale which only cost us a few pounds. Random hair accessories/tights/cheap clothes were used for a variety of costuming needs. I'm not sure if Internationale actually markets itself as a costume shop, but it worked well for us.   As Eleanor said, if you are under 16 and want to dress like a teenager at a pocket money friendly place, then Internationale is the place. Apart from that, it is most definitely not my thing.
3 Located in St James Shopping Centre this place would have stopped me in my mid teen years, when I was just starting to consider fashion, matching accessories and above all dresses. (yup I was a tomboy). If you think glitter= the bees knees in accessories then this is the place for you. Don't be surprised if you are surrounded by 15 year olds and middle aged women preparing for the hen party when you come here.  In a line: Cheap and cheerful.
2 It's not really fair that Internacionale gets quite a bad reputation...but to be fair it doesn't really do itself many favours. It's sort of tacky.   The clothes they sell are definitely for young teenagers or people who are happy to go out in a napkin. Seriously, I once tried on a 'dress' here and it came above my belly button.  Although saying that, it is really cheap. I often see a lot of, erm, well, they're chavs in here. I know it's not really fair to add stigma but as I said it adds itself.
3 Like Eleanor, I tend to avoid Internacionale now I'm a bit older but I loved it when I was in my teens!  The sizes have always been a bit off and it sells a lot of cheap gear but occasionally you can find a nice top in here and it certainly seems to be surviving the recession. It's always worth having a peek in at their jewellery and their prices are always cheap as chips.  I don't tend to buy stuff from here because I see it as a chain directed towards trendy teens but recently I have spied a couple of nice jackets in this branch, not to mention still eyeing up their big spangly bangles. It's a winner for girls out spending their allowance though, and me and my friends always used to emerge from Internacionale armed with bags. Today it is still as cheap as ever - their prices are so low they're doing some sort of high street limbo competition!
