4 Until Harvey Nicks arrived on the scene in Edinburgh, there were few places in which one could buy bona fide designer labels - Jane Davidson's boutique on Thistle Street was one of those few places. Stocking labels like Diane Von Furstenburg (she of wrap dress fame) and Missoni, this small shop was a favourite haunt of rich, fashion conscious shoppers. It is testament to the loyalty of its customers and the quality of the stock and service that this place has survived. If further affirmation is needed that is place is rather good, Vogue have voted it one of their best boutique's 2010 - and if it's good enough for Vogue.... it's too expensive for me (I can but dream).
4 Jane Davidson was unique in Edinburgh for its independent nature and stocking of unusual, designer brand names for a good long while before Edinburgh advanced its designer retail with Multrees Walk and Harvey Nichols. The clothing store recently won a fashion award recognising its redeeming boutique qualities, and it deserves this accolade for its commitment to fine designer sourcing.  Quality designer garments come at a price, so don't expect to leave here weighed down by shopping bags if you're on any sort of normal salary, but you will probably depart the shop with one, really high quality piece, which is better than a ton of cheap goods that will last all of two seconds.   Diane Von Furstenburg, Herve Leger, Red Valentino, Lulu Guinness and M Missoni drape their delightful features alongside a host of other labels. Last time I visited the shop, my eyes were hypnotised by a silver, sequined dress upstairs, crafted by an Australian designer, obviously to exist purely so that people who are poor at saving money, like me, could marvel at its beauty, then have their heart broken by the price tag.
3 If you are looking for a great boutique selling designer clothes, look no further than Jane Davidson!   Situated on Thistle Street, Jane Davidson is right in the heart of the New Town Edinburgh and is just around the corner from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   Jane Davidson sells a beautiful selection of trousers, skirts, tops, knitwear, jackets and jeans. I have been into this store once a few months ago with a friend who was looking for a decent pair of jeans, and I was really amazed at the range of stock which they have. Jane Davidson stocks a wide selection of designers including Halston, Diane Von Furstenberg, J Brand Jeans, La Perla, Missoni and Lulu Guinness. The clothes are all of an excellent quality, and so they are pretty pricey, with dresses costing around £400.   There are frequently sales going on this store which is a great opportunity to buy a bargain.
