5 there are a few things a girl needs in her life: to be loved, cherised, treated like a princess, and of course to be throughly pampered!  Pure Spa at Ocean Terminal definitely ticks the box on this last necessity as i was well reminded on my most recent visit today.  i've been a regular customer to Pure Spa for at least the last year with some sporadic visits when they initially opened.  however, now that they do monthly offers (generally half priced spa treatments, excellent value for money!) i tend to put some money aside to make a visit every 4 weeks for a bit of much needed pampering.  i can't express in words how much i love this place!  today my treatment involved an infra-red sauna session, a back massage, a facial (taliored to my needs), and an eye treatment to help reduce puffines and dark circles.  amazing value at £65 for an on peak appointment and only £55 off peak!  the infra-red sauna has become a standard of all their monthly spa offers and it's a nice addition.  although sitting and sweating out your toxins is probably one of the least glamouress things ever, it is quite relaxing and a nice way to start off the spa session.  i've had the same therapist a few times now and i wish i could remember the girl's name because she is excellent and really listens to what i want from my treatments.  i had booked the appointment a few weeks ago when just days after a massage i was already suffering from really sore and tight shoulders.  i told this all to my lovely therapist and she really applied the pressure to these areas during the back massage.  some people might not like quite so deep pressure, but it was exactly what i needed and my shoulders immediately felt so much better.  my facial was next and when asked what i wanted i suggested a really good cleanse to help get rid of the every day toxins my skin is exposed to.  i love the elemis range of products they use (i use a facial cleanser and toner daily at home) and the facial with the eye treatment was literally so relaxing i could have fallen asleep during it!  while the face mask was drying the therapist did an amazing scalp massage and i just felt like a princess in relaxed bliss.  needless to say, i will be back here for sure!  i've got a customer loyalty card, so for every £10 i spend i get a stamp and 10 stamps means £10 off my next treatment.  an excellent way to entice me to keep going, not like i really need it though! love love love this place, it is perfection for feeling like a pampered princess!!!
5 My own city hideaway haven...I have been a customer here since it pretty much opened but only discovered the more relaxing spa side about a year or so ago. I love coming to Pure Spa. There are a couple of things I would like to see in terms of the booking process change but apart from that you can expect to feel relaxed as soon as you walk through the doors. As Robyn mentioned the Infra Red Sauna is a must try (don't worry you have the power to adjust the heat yourself which I do frequently as I'm a bit of a puff & can't stand full blast for 30 minutes). The offers they do every month are really great value for money but so are the taster sessions which you can add on to a normal priced treatment for just £22.50 (absolute bargain considering they're 30 minutes long and usually triple that price for a full hours worth!).  Expect to feel pampered and relaxed. One great thing about the spa side is that you really are not felt rushed to leave after your treatments are over. The girls bring you drinks and there are snacks and magazines to enjoy. Something I've only ever really experience in the top 5* hotel spas abroad.  I would say...get involved! :)
5 Bliss, bliss, bliss.  I was given a voucher for Pure Spa for Christmas. My eyes lit up when I saw it as I love a bit of pampering and my mum had also been given one so we could indulge in a girly day of luxury. I've been to Nirvana Spa before so I knew the drill there, but wasn't sure what to expect at Pure Spa as there is limited info on the website.  Terri B has mentioned the booking process which I agree with. It can be difficult to get someone on the phone but persevere as it is worth it.  We arrived for our treatments. Our voucher covered us for an infra red spa, facial, massage and foot treatment (£55 of peak). The set up from what I can gather is timed so that if for example two people are having treatments then the idea is that you go in (have the changing room to yourself as there is only two cubicles), then go for the sauna (again you have that to yourself) and then go to the relaxation area before going for the rest of the treatments.  I actually liked this set up. It felt like I had truly escaped from the world and was in my own luxury cocoon. Like Robyn Z, I liked the sauna - having dinner planned at the Bon Vivant that night, then being in a sauna that can burn 800 Cal's an hour, was more than enough incentive for me to stay in and sweat it out for 30 Min's. There is a shower in the room outside of the sauna so you can de-sweat and a jug of ice water is provided.   The treatments were amazing! The foot treatment was a foot scrub and moisturising treatment but it was the facial and the massage which done it for me. I do get massages fairly frequently now, but that's more for aches and pain treatments, rather than relaxation. The facial was tailored to my needs - I do use some Elemis products and it is genuine products used, no watered down versions or inferior products in Elemis bottles. The massage was a hot stone massage which was wonderful. I was nice and toasty in the massage bed and the oil and the stones hit all the right spots in a lovely relaxing way. My facial came after the massage and I actually dozed off. I've never done this before and given that I've been a bit of a stress head lately with work deadlines, then this for me was a measure of just how good the treatment was.  Little touches were noted. Therapists take their shoes off and leave them outside of the treatment room. I suspect this serves the dual purpose of letting others know the room is in use and also it was so quiet during the treatment, it was like the therapist was floating around the room, rather than walking, so minimising noise. Service was fantastic. Showers do need updating but this was a little thing and I genuinely can't fault our day.  So, we have already decided we'll go back and do the mother-daughter pamper session again as it was sooo good.
2 I went here for an eyebrow wax and a pedicure and I definitely came out in more pain than when I went in (sure that's not what spas are for?!?). Anyway one of my eyebrows is really badly burned and swollen. I also got one of my toes knicked by the clippers which really hurt but the girl didn't even seem that fussed by. Oh and two of my toes came out bleeding at the bottom of the nail. The girls in the spa are friendly enough most of the time (although at other times very  miserable) but the quality of the treatments has gone seriously downhill. I used to go here once a month for a few years as a treat to myself so feel I am in a good position to now judge how poor everything has got. It definitely feels more like a conveyor belt.
