4 football nation is a good shop with all the things a top football fan would want.It has some of the latest fashion in football like new tops and balls and others.The staff are polite and friendly.
3 If you are after all the latest kits and gear for the new season then this place is one of the best at covering the whole range, but be warned, the prices aren't exactly cheap.  A world cup shirt will set you back £45 and expect to pay a similar amount for the new kits for the coming season.  If you want a specific shirt and are willing to pay the price to get this seasons shirt then this is the place to come.  However, if you have a budget to keep to, you might find this place less accomodating.  What they do offer over other places in the area is the offer of team kits.  14 outfield shirts plus a goalkeepers kit will set you back upwards from £290 depending on how much you demand of your teams new kit.  This isn't too bad a price at just under £20 each should you want your team to take on a more professional look.  Numbers will set you back another £35, but what is only £2 extra?    This is a great place to get a team kit made up, but for anything else I find it a bit over priced.
3 I'm not known for my extensive knowledge on football, but I used to dabble in it when I was a wee lassie and this place seemed alright.  Following the comedown of the world cup and with the beginning of the new season beckoning, I didn't see that many foreign strips. What they did have were an extensive range of football colours from across the UK, and some football shoes. They had the classic Adidas Samba that my football playing ex used to salivate over, and considering he got into a few scrapes when he played fives I can testify to the good service these shoes do. And in a shallow way, they do look rather nice.  I didn't know that they made football strips up for teams as Robert has outlined. I did notice it was leaning towards more expensive, but sometimes independent places like that have more vairety than the high street or internet shopping. Definitely worth keeping your eyes peeled on this one.
