4 I would definitely come here again any day of the week.  The staff are some of the friendliest I've come across and make every effort to make you feel welcome.  Although the food actually took a while to arrive we weren't bothered just because the guy behind the counter had a smile on his face the whole time.   The menu is well priced and has a good range of authentic chinese dishes.  Their egg fried rice is excellent and tastes really aromatic and moist.  I had it with sweet and sour duck which was also amazing and had a great range of flavours.   I certainly recommend Good Year, it's so friendly it's almost fun.
4 This is the best takeaway that I've managed to stumble across in this area and not only that but it manages to couple this with being the best value as well.  This feat is achieved, as is so often the case with my favourite takeaways by offering rice as a separate item rather than as an item included in the price.  I pass through here on my way home and along here you get a line of very good and very friendly, with this place no exception, shops that will serve your needs most admirably.  As a result, I'm more than happy to stop here to visit the shops that have remained open and if it's late enough or indeed sometimes early enough in the day pick up a meal on my way and then cook the rice myself when I get in.  As the meals go, these start at £3.90 and go up from here without really venturing beyond a fiver so it's certainly good value for money.  Whether you want to sit in or takeaway, this place is worth a visit.
4 Bad week, Good Year. I tried this place out after a disaster of a few days, ending in my oven exploding. Great excuse to try something Good!  Good Year has a standard Chinese Takeaway format. Don't expect anything out of this world. But as Takeaways go it's pretty good. For a start I completely agree with Gibson about the staff. I also had a really great, smiley service. The place itself was nice and clean and smart, which is something I always like in a takeaway.  The food is decent but nothing out of the ordinary. Fairly standard for a Chinese takeaway, but maybe a little less greasy than normal. For vegetarian dishes expect to pay on average around £6, which might seem like a bit too much (I think it is) but this is a bit better quality than your average Chinese.  A slight cut above the rest. Very friendly staff. I might just give this place another go.
3 I've been using this place for the last 4 years and have found it consistently good for takeaway.  Probably not the best Chinese I've had but none the less very good.  Delivery is very quick - usually within 20 mins.
