2 Sounds like the previous review was written by the owner, 5 star this is not.   On my way home from work the other day, I picked up the Culcutta (don't know if it was intentionally misspelled) Prawn Palak, which according to the menu, was "Steamed cooked prawns with fresh spinach, garnished with a touch of garlic and fresh coriander".  In reality, I got a big brown mess.  It just tastes of brown, and I know that's not very helpful in reviewing terms, but I'm trying to make a little word picture here. All the flavor died somewhere in the cooking process and was replaced by blank mush.   When i did finally excavate a prawn from the mess, it was in no shape to be eaten. It practically disintegrated in my mouth.   What's stopping this place from getting a 1 star is the rice, it was surprisingly good.
3 My experience of this place wasn't quite a bad as that of the previous reviewer's, but it definitely wasn't the culinary experience I had hoped for when the flyer came through my door a few months ago.  Myself and some mates decided to come here one evening for a curry and the food was pretty disappointing.  To their credit, the service was friendly and the food didn't take long at all to arrive and the place was clean. From the menu they seem to serve just about everything with spinach for some reason! There's nothing wrong with this unless - of course - if you don't like spinach.  The starters seemed pretty pricey, some of them costing over £6, so we went just went straight for a main.  I ordered the balti chicken palak which, naturally, had spinach and herbs and a plain naan.  The chicken was good quality and the naan was nice and crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  The sauce let the whole side down, however.  The spinach tasted like it was waterlogged or something and it was like chewing through mushy green straw.  Having said this, the flavouring of the sauce was actually pretty good. Himalaya is actually quite a good restaurant, it just needs a few tweaks to its sauces and a bit less watery spinach.
3 I really was not that impressed with the Himalaya Tandoori Restaurant. I came here one evening with a few friends for dinner and I was really looking forward to the meal as I had never tasted Himalayan food before, but I was disappointed with the experience.   The menu is impressive, with a wide range of authentic dishes and specialities. I had the chicken kebab to start which was fine, if a little bland but it was well priced at around £4. I then had the chicken Bhuna curry for my main meal which was served in a really watery and runny sauce and the chicken was quite tough and chewy. The dishes in the Himalaya Tandoori Restaurant are reasonably priced, with most of their curry dishes around £8 and they have a good selection of meals on their vegetarian menu.   The staff were friendly and efficient and the interior of the restaurant was appealing, however, I was disappointed with the food.  Himalaya Tandoori Restaurant also serve food to take away and do home deliveries which is handy.
4 I have been coming to this place since the mid-80s and it is definitely consistent. At face value this is a local curry house, no pretensions of fine dining but good, reasonably priced food with attentive service. There is little better on a winter's night with the freezing wind howling up Bruntsfield Place, than to battle through the double doors into a warm and inviting aroma of indian spices.  Beware when ordering the naan: they only do these in "feed the 5,000" size!
4 My wife and I ate here twice in the 5 days we spent visiting Edinburgh on our honeymoon, and that in itself should tell you it's damn good. This place won't knock your socks off, but the prices are reasonable, the service is professional, and the food is solid. Oh, and there's one other thing...  The NAAN.  If you're at all a fan of this Indian bread, then you need to go to Himalaya. The price is pretty much the same as any other Indian restaurant, but the size is anything but. The naan portion you'll get with a single order is absolutely enormous. Easily enough for four people, or two really stupid Americans who may be gluttons for punishment.  Even if you're not a big naan eater, you'll still enjoy it here. The portions are good-sized, too, and the food comes out rather quickly. Give it a shot.
