4 Fat Face is the kind of place I used to shop in my teens, picking up tees, jeans and jewellery at affordable prices. The kind of look they're going for is skater/surfer chic and since I grew out of that phase many moons ago I tend to steer clear of Fat Face.  I was surprised then, when I popped in the other day to find some items I'd actually wear now. They had some really pretty summer dresses that reminded me of the ones in Joy, except the ones here were quite a bit cheaper. They also had some really pretty beaded bags that would be great for beach bags on holiday and in the sale section I noticed the comfiest pair of  mules I've ever seen in my life and they were only £15!  They have a great selection of jewellery too and although not my style, great for a younger crowd.   Of course, they still stock surfer chic items with some great quality sandals and other beach wear. I also really noticed the quality of the items here, the polo shirts nice thick material that don't look like they'd fall apart in the wash like some other shops.   The staff in here are also really nice and as soon as I walked in I was greeted by a bubbly member of staff.   Overall, I was pleasantly surprised by the stock here and will perhaps pop in now and again rather than just assuming I won't like anything.
4 I will never be into surfer style for two reasons, Firstly, I'm not gnarly enough, and secondly, flip-flops make me physically sick. I honestly can't even look at them, far less wear them, and seeing a set of mouldy, yellow toenails poking out from a pair is up there with my very worst nightmares.  It's not all surfwear though, not even mostly surfwear, but my inherent prejudices always seem to prevent me from spending too much time in Fat Face. There's actually a few decent polo shirts and t-shirts, admittedly all in various shades of khaki brown, and various other bits, bobs and accessories on offer for those that like travelling on boards of some sort.
4 Fat Face is for the those of us who like to go on walks and have dreadlocks..kinda. It's sort of a indie, hippie shop but with gorgeous fashions and really beautiful patterned dresses. We all have a friend who is into that sort of stuff, right?  It's for the surf-short-wearing, quicksilver-bikini type kid in all of us!  This shop is laid out well and the staff are really super duper. They are friendly and annoyingly cool. It's pretty reasonable too, but maybe a bit on the expensive side. Worth a looky look though!
