4 This restaurant is rather simple and unpretentious, and we basically stumbled upon is while looking for a place to eat. We truly enjoyed it, however, and virtually every dish was fantastic, starting with the haggis, neeps & tatties as a starter, then the four of us had: lamb chops, mixed grill carnivore plate (which was split between the two ladies), and bangers & mash (for me, of course!). We passed around a apple-gooseberry crumble with ice cream for dessert.   All in all, this was a great dining experience and I highly recommend this place, as long as quite plain interior furnishings will suffice.
3 I came by here to post a review and when I read the one written by ShakaBo I thought I'd already done it. I agree with everything written by ShakaBo. The tarten-ness and bagpipe music really detracted from the atmosphere for me. I know I''m in Scotland and don't really need reminding every 20 minutes.    The steak itself was pretty tasty and cooked exactly as I ordered. I also really liked the "hand-cut" chips whiich had a nice crunchy bite to them, but I would have liked more than 3 mushrooms on my plate. My partner only got two which I guess is the bare minimum you can get away with without the need to rewrite your menus so that they read as "mushroom" instead.    On the whole I enjoyed the meal but I don't think I'd be returning to the restaurant unless they can make the ambience a little less tacky.
4 I have been here a few times when the Canadian branch of my family are over to visit and they love it. My opinion isn't quite high as theirs, but it is quite a good place to go for a family meal, especially if the family are expatriates. The menu is pretty simple and, surprise surprise, features mostly Scottish dishes made with Scottish produce and ingredients. The selection for vegetarians is not great, but they are catered for with veggie sausages, burgers and haggis. The restaurant is looks fresh, clean and simple; a previous reviewer referred to it as unpretentious and that really is the best word for it. The staff are friendly and welcoming, but (I don't mean to sound uptight) I didn't like that fact that the waitress was wearing jeans, she looked far too casually dressed - jeans on waitresses should be reserved for those working in cafes and trendy gastropubs, the Sizzling Scot falls into neither of these categories.  Top tip: the cheeseboard is brilliant value at £4.75, there's easily enough to keep two people happy if you ask for extra oatcakes.
4 I agree with Emma, I don't really want to see my waitress cutting about looking more casually dressed than I am. But please don't let this put you off a great restaurant.  The only thing I have to add is that I'm a haggis freak and this restaurant produce disappointed me. It was overcooked, borderline burnt and had a grit-like texture to it. But the rest of my meal was fine!
4 Good food and atmosphere.  It is on the pricey side, and portions are mediocre, but overall, good.  Excellent tastes of Scottish foods, and the staff are very friendly.
5 Comfort food awaits.    This establishment is all about good home cooking. I will be short and to the point: the dishes are flavourful, decadent, and most importantly satisfying.  Service is quick, efficient, warm and friendly. High praises to an establishment that brings you in hungry, and sends you home looking forward to another night out at The Sizzling Scot!
