2 Internet connection in the room did not work.  Repeated calls to the ISP and front desk resulted in no repair over several days.  Scottish breakfast was adequate.  Awful location if touring Edinburgh.  Horribly over-priced given the lesser advertised opportunities closer to city center.
2 There are two holiday inn in Edinburgh. Holiday inn at queensferry road is not bad. But service is not so good considering price. Moreover breakfast and wifi is not included. Food is very slow at lunch and dinner. One thing good is to use two devices if you use wifi. Last, downtown is not far (about 8 pound distance by taxi).
4 Als Familie mit Kind buchten wir ein Zimmer für ca.50 Euro insgesamt pro Tag, was für Edinburgh sehr preiswert ist. Das Hotel liegt abseits der Stadt mit ca. 15 Minuten Entfernung per Busfahrt zum Flughafen. Bushaltestelleliegtt direkt vor dem Hotel, ca 12 Minuten bis zur Innenstadt Fahrzeit. Der Flughafen Bus Nr. 100 fährt direkt das Hotel an ( Haltestelle Edinburg Zoo ) ca. 4Stationen.  Unser Zimmer war sauber, mit Doppelbett, Einzellbett und ausziehbarer Couch.  Fernsehen war vorhanden, allerdings nur mit englischen Programmen.  Das in unserer Beschreibung freie Internet per WIFI stellte sich  hingegen als Entäuschung heraus. Pro Stunde werden ca 7 Euro verlangt,  was wir als nicht zumutbar ablehnten.  Der Eintritt zum Pool und zur Sauna ist für alle Gäste frei. Die Sauna ist neu und daher noch sehr sauber. Der Pool selber ist 1,20  Meter tief und genügt um Spass mit den Kindern zu haben.Der ebenfalls  vorhandene Whirpool war sehr angenehm und warm. Auch das Poolwasser war angenehm aufgeheizt was durchaus nicht in jedem Hotel so ist.  Das Hotelrestaurant haben wir nicht genutz, weil es in unseren Augen zu teuer ist. Direkt vor dem Hotel auf der gegenüberliegenden Straßenseite sind  ebenfalls Restaurants, etwas günstiger. Günstig in "", da Edingburgh an  sich nicht gerade als günstige Stadt betrachtet werden sollte.  Neben dem Hotel ist der Zoo von Edinburgh, mit ca. 20 Euro pro Person allerdings auch nicht allzu einladent.  Das Preis Leistungsverhälltniss stimmt hier, und daher kann ich dieses Hotel nur weiterempfehlen.
3 We booked our vacation through European Destinations, so we didn't actually choose to stay here. I was about a 5 mile ride from the airport, (about £15) and 2 miles from city centre, (about £10).  We spent enough money on the cab rides back and forth from the city centre, to actually have a nice hotel right in the Royal Mile. Lesson learned. The hotel was nice and clean and our room was really spacious. It had one queen bed and in the next room, a full size sofa bed, two plasma TV's, bathroom was not too small, security box in the room, hairdryer and clothes iron. Really nice view of a residential area. You can also barrow a converter at the front desk. Also there is a convinient store within walking distance so you can grab water and sme snacks. They serve Starbucks coffee at the bar, but I don't recommend it. Downfall of this place (along with every other place in Edinburgh) is they charge for Wifi. It's 2013 folks. Get with the times.
