4 I am happy to admit that I like Blockbuster and I am glad it is still there to service our movie needs. I had come to the conclusion some time ago that people didn't use Blockbuster any more and it was only a matter of time before it went down the pan. But after randomly stopping in here one day, it appears I was wrong as there is always a steady stream of customers.   If you don't know what Blockbusters do then it's time to crawl out from under that rock you have been living under. You can rent or buy the latest Blockbuster's here as well as games and snacks. Don't go into Blockbuster expecting to rent that indie film you read about in Total Film, because as the name suggests Blockbusters stocks er, blockbusters and recent movies. I actually don't have a rental account with them so I don't know the prices. But if we are lost for a movie to watch we usually wander along here and buy one of the ex rentals which are usually about 3 quid. My boyfriend occasionally picks up the odd X-box game.   Blockbuster makes me happy. It reminds me of being seven and my mum taking me to Blockbuster on a Saturday to choose a movie. One for the kids and one for the grown ups.   Oh and they have Pic n Mix. Nuff said.
3 I'm begining to feel slightly bafffled as to the point of video / DVD rental shops these days. In HMV, new DVDs are down to about £5 within a month or so of release, so why you'd bother spending almost that amount just to borrow one for a night is a bit of a mystery.  On the plus side, they are aware of the onset of cheap DVDs themselves, and a rake through their bargain bins often uncovers a fairly recent, or fairly excellent  film at a bargain "to buy" price. They do good deals on video games too.
5 This place is good. I prefer to buy my DVDs from here than to rent because I prefer to call DVDs I have my own. Some of the best exrentals I have bought out of here. Freahy Friday among others. If you want cheap DVDs, cheap rental or 25 DVDs per week sent to your door for just £10 pop in here.
