4 Nice atmospheric restaurant,but limited space.only one toilet.Approachable staff.The food is really nice although a bit expensive.You can also take your own bottle of wine.
3 It's hard to know where to start with this review, because there was nothing that hugely stood out as being wrong with the 2 times I've eaten here. It's just that there was also nothing that stood out as being fantastic about them, either.  Maybe I'm too picky; they already have 4 branches across Edinburgh and one in Aberdeen, so they're obviously doing something right. I'd say this is most likely to be down to the the emphasis placed on local ingredients from local suppliers. For example, in my Trio Of Seafood starter, the "fragrant poached salmon" that came alongside the pickled herring and seared scallops was one of the nicest bits of salmon I've tasted in a long time. Likewise, my main course of Lamb Rump was sourced from the scottish borders and was extremely well-cooked.  That aside, when you scan down the menu you can't help but think that none of the dishes are particularly any different to what you'd find in any british restaurant, regardless of where the actual ingredients come from: other options for main course were a beef steak burger with blue cheese served with chips, or a butternut squash gnocchi dish served with grated parmesan on top... hardly anything hugely imaginative and yet you'll still pay up to £17 for a main/£7 for a starter.  Don't get me wrong, both times I've eaten here have been good. It's just that "good" is about as excited as you can get. In somewhere like Bruntsfield, which has so many restaurants, bistros and brasseries, Howies does seem to fade from your memory fairly quickly after you leave.
4 I only have one criticism of this place which I'll get out the way - some of the main courses are uncomfortably expensive.  The pan-fried salmon with salad and the lamb rump both cost about £15.  Whilst I'm sure they're delicious, this means that if you want to have a moderately priced meal you're pretty much confined to the vegetarian options. Besides this, however, the place is clean and well organised with friendly staff and great service.  I came here with my family and as soon as we walked in we were greeted and shown to a table.  This sort of hospitality continued right up until we left  and each course didn't take long at all to arrive.  I had the cullen skink soup followed by the gnocchi which both tasted great and were served in generous portions.  Further, as explained by their menu, all their food is locally sourced within Scotland, which both ensures the quality of their ingredients and it makes economic sense. It would be good if Howie's reduced the cost some of their mains, but quality of their food and service is excellent.
2 It's such a shame really... I used to enjoy going to Howies Restaurant, enjoying there changing menu but I have to say that when I went last week I was quite disappointed with it all really.  I should have known that it was going to be less then a great evening when we ended up seated next to the doors to the toilets, surely it would make sense to screen this off or have a whole other door to the them as the last thing either myself or my dinning companions wanted to see while we were eating was the loos, kinda puts you off of your meal a little bit.  They also had everyone squeezed into the same side of the restaurant for some reason, so we were left having to scoot our table even closer to the loos when the table next to us was filled and there was little room left to maneuverer on one side of the table.  Having received a bowl of bread with not quite enough in it to evenly share out and even less butter we all ordered from what looked like a rather good menu.  I went for their tomato and crab soup which tasted mostly of pepper and was served so hot that my bowl was still steaming when the other people in my party had long finished their starters and i was left trying to conquer my molten soup alone. I have to say I was very disappointed by the soup as i love fresh crab but feel that it's sweet flavor was just lost.  My hope was now resting on my main of pan fried tuna, but again I have to say I was already concerned as when i had ordered it i had asked if it came still pink in the middle, which I have to say is one of the best ways to have a lovely fresh piece of tuna, but the waitress looked at me like i was speaking another language. So when it arrived it was safe to say it was very much cooked all the way though, but to my surprise that wasn't what shocked me the most. What really got me was the fact that it had a huge piece of bone in it. Now I have eaten tuna, a lot, in various places and I have never ever been served a piece with a huge bit of bone hanging of one end of it, in fact it looked more like a pork chop. It's saving grace was that it actually tasted alright and wasn't as dried out as it looked.  All my hope in a nice dish was gone by this stage and the pudding didn't fail to disappoint either as i was promised a chocolate and cherry fudge tart, but the cherries must have been misplaced some where as, while the chocolate was lovely and not too rich, there was not a hint of cherry in the dish at all. And strangely it was accompanied by a raspberry compote, is it too much to wonder why they didn't do a cherry one? Perhaps that would have helped to draw out the flavor of the cherries that where hiding somewhere in all that chocolate.  I just feel that maybe Howies have become a little complacent, I do remember having fantastic meals there and the service was good enough to match. Maybe they need to do something to reinvent themselves, they certainly need to find themselves someone who can fillet fish properly.  Howies is definitely somewhere that I will not be in any hurry to go back and visit, there are just so many other places that do what they try to do so much better.
4 Hello Howies! Hello 2 for 1 lunch with my grans high life card! I had haggis popcorn (yes!) for starter and cheeseburger and fries for my main...as you should know me well enough that even if I'm in a posh, fancy restaurant it is probable that I'll still want a cheeseburger!! hahaha!! really yummy, high class food! go!
4 great menu for lunch and great value for money. Does get quite busy so watch the table space but apart from that had a great experience.
