4 Nice inland course , not hilly but a definate test for all levels. Clubhouse is modern and large with good food and choice of drinks , pro shop very well stocked. Not expensive to play either with very good deals on society gold days.
5 We had a wonderful day today at the course in Duddingston. My Dad and I decided to play at the last minute and didn't have clubs! No worries they provided a nice set of Taylor Made clubs. Beautiful views from many of the holes. Course is challenging on a few holes (several long Par 4's), but very forgiving and nice fairways to target. Also very reasonably priced. Would play here again without a doubt. My Dad was very pleased with the course, one of the best in Edinburgh he said.  Highly recommend for those who want a nice course, great hospitality and a lot of beautiful holes.
2 This is a review purely on the restaurant facility, nothing to do with golf as I have no interest nor knowledge of golf!  Sorry golf fans!   We visited Duddingston Golf Club for a Sunday Roast, due to a voucher I bought recently.  A very reasonable £14 for a main and dessert for 2 people.  Firstly it was quite hard to make a booking, being a Sunday the only day you could use the voucher.  I had phoned a couple of times to book a table for 2 and they were fully booked.  Finally I booked a table, 5 days in advance, however it wasn't easy.  When I called, first they said they were fully booked and when I asked what date would they have availability, they changed their mind saying we could come at 3pm, no, 2.30pm for the roast?  Sounded like I was lucky to get a table, I imagined they would be packed when we got there, but they were half full!?  In fact it never really got busy the whole time we were there.  We were shown to our seats, asked for a drinks order (not included) and left - no explanation on how to order etc.  We asked another waitress.  It was a self service, with the chef carving the meat.  The chef was lovely, very funny and helpful.  He offered a choice of beef, pork loin, gammon or steak pie.  We were invited to try more than one cut.  I selected loin and gammon, then helped myself to roast tatties, veg, yorkshire pudding and gravy. The pork loin was a little dry, vegetables appeared a bit wilted, like they had been hanging about for hours but the gammon and yorkshire pudding was lovely.  My friend had chosen the beef, gammon and steak pie, but said the beef was very gristly and bloody, not the best cut.  We asked for a jug of water, but it never arrived.  Service wasn't the best, although the amusing chef made up for that.  For dessert we had a banoffee pie and a chocolate brownie with ice cream, both ok, brownie was maybe a little hard.   To work off the meal we decided to take a walk around the golfing grounds.  We asked the waiting staff for a map or directions and none of them knew the circuit and had no map. Thankfully the friendly chef overhead and ran off to find us a map and direct us to the most scenic route.  The chef couldn't have been more friendly or helpful, he deserved 5 stars, but the other factors let the restaurant down.  The golfing ground are lovely and it was cold but sunny, perfect for working off the roast!
