4 Rapido is a great little chippy on Broughton Street, I rate it as one of the best in Edinburgh.  The shop is bright, clean and, surprisingly for a business selling fried food, not at all greasy. They sell all the usual chip shop favourites like fried fish, smoked sausage, haggis, fried pizzas and of course chips. There is also an extensive pizza menu, featuring exciting toppings like gorgonzola and parma ham (believe me, this is exotic for a Scottish chippy!), all of which are freshly made to order on deliciously thin and crispy bases. If you fancy something a little healthier there are baked potatoes, again with lots of fillings to choose from. The counter has a tasty selection of traybakes and I often pop in on my way home from work for a piece of the rocky road, it is gorgeous!
3 After burning the dinner, I rescued the night by running round here and picking up Fish and Chips. I was quite impressed by the shop as it seemed to be a little more fancy by the chippy and had a very extensive menu. I probably would have gone for something else, but I was trying to pick something up quickly and when confronted with a large menu by decision making skills do come into question.  So reasonably priced Fish and Chips picked up, back round the corner home. Sad to say, but it wasn't much better than the food I had cremated earlier. The chips were pretty damn awful, so much so I couldn't eat them. Coming from a carbohydrate queen that means something! How do you make bad chips? I don't know, but Rapido managed it. And the fish was distinctly average. I was sorely disappointed.   This place is always busy though and friends have given it good reviews so I guess I went on a bad night.
5 I consider this place the Blue Lagoon of Edinburgh. I'm sure somebody gives out awards for the best chips, somebody give it to them.  Let me start with the price, I was about £3 for a Chip Roll and a can of coke, which I would say is about average these days. They actually go through the trouble of buttering the Roll... take note rival chippys!!!  The chips are like little slices of heaven, not grease what so ever and not overly salted. If the potatoes could think, they would gladly commit suicide in hopes of being a Rapido chip.  The only negative thing I have to say is that the Fish supply is constantly dwindling and expect to find a line of people out the door waiting for the next batch to be fried.
3 The name 'Rapido' gave me the impression that my fish supper would be cooked, wrapped and payed for within nano seconds of my ordering it.  I was so wrong.  To be fair, it was really busy, but the queue to even place the order seemed to take an age.  When I finally did order it then took another five minutes to get it out the shop!  This was my only main criticism, however, as their menu is huge with plenty to choose from in the way of traditional suppers, pizzas with just about any topping and plenty of cooked sauces to accompany them.   The fish supper cost £4 which was quite reaosnable, considering the fish was good quality, although the chips weren't the best.  Rapido serves pretty decent food, just make sure you bring a good, long book with you for the queue.
4 i think Stu's tastebuds must have been cheating him the day he visited The Blue Lagoon. The Glasgow chain is infamous for their "sausage" suppers, containing a squidgy 3 foot long phallus with a meat content of approximately 1%. I found Rapido on the other hand to be a bit higher up the chip shop scale.  It's clean, well put together, and with charming little nametags stuck onto the grub under the heatlamps which I found quite cute. Having only had a fish supper I can't comment on some of the fancier pizza choices, but my treat from the deep was very good. Not a great deal better than your average chippy to be honest, but size able, crispy, and of trustworthy origin.
3 Now that I'm a vegetarian all most chippies can offer me are some soggy chips or something coated in disgusting cheese.  I actually visited Rapido when I still ate fish and tried out their fish and chips. I have to say I didn't have as great an experience as some of the others and my chips were, to say the least, a bit greasy. Oozing greese is the worst for me, which is why i''ve more or less given up on these places.  I have to agree with the others that Rapido is clean and smart, a rare and pleasant find. The staff were also perfectly friendly. Maybe I will go and try Rapido again some day and have a better chip experience.
4 A few months ago, when it was that horrible cold outside that just made you want to stuff your face with comfort food and drink hot toddies, we got a pizza in Rapido on our way home.    My man had eaten here before and vouched for the food, but I hadn't, so it was a new experience.  We decided on one of their "gourmet" pizzas with the lovely thin Italian base.  We wanted to add peppers to our Estiva (cherry tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella, fresh basil - basically a posh version of a Margherita) but we were told NO WAY.  At first I was put off - it's going in MY belly, why shouldn't I be able to put anything I want on it?  But then I remembered the Italian restaurant where I used to work.  Sometimes people would want to tweak dishes and my boss said absolutely no way - he didn't want the uneducated masses ruining his perfect combination of flavours.  The guy at Rapido was the same.  He said he would make any pizza we wanted for the normal pizza, but not his gourmet pizza, it just wasn't on.    So we gave in and waited.    When our pizza was ready, we headed outside in the horribly dreary weather to walk 10 minutes down the road to home.   Unfortunately, by the time we'd arrived, the pizza was pretty much cold.  However, the flavour was wonderful and we gobbled it right up, vowing to get it home quicker next time so we could eat it piping hot.    It really was just what you would picture when getting a good Italian thin crust pizza.
