5 Gili Gulu is one of my favourite Chinese Takeaway shops in Edinburgh. It is situated in an ideal location in the heart of the Newington area so it is a great place for students to pop into for their lunch or dinner on their way to and from University.   They menu offers a huge selection of authentic Chinese dishes which helpfully points out which dishes are spicy, vegetarian and which contain nuts. I love their crispy shredded beef in Peking sauce which is amazing - full of flavour and very well priced at £5.   As well as Chinese food, Gili Gulu also serve a few traditional dishes as well such as fish and chips, steak and omelet so there is something to suit everyone on the their menu.  Gili Gulu Chinese offer excellent student deals and snap fax offers, and they also offer a home delivery service which costs £1.60. Gili Gulu are open for two hours during lunch time, and stays open till midnight on Friday and Saturday nights so it a fantastic place to stop by on your way home from a night out.
4 Can one seriously review a place if you only have the same dish everytime? Friends and I have ordered from this chinese take out on several occasions, and I've always had their amazing singapore noodle dish. It's a general favourite of mine, and if they do it so well, why not keep going with it?  Gili Gulu is one of the MANY take out restaurants on Clerk Street! I decided to try them out, because with a handy Snapfax (for student discounts) you get quite a good deal with them. Delivery time has never been outrageous and the food always arrives with a huge complimentary bag of prawn crackers.  Some friends and I decided to eat out there one evening; we were quite amused at how small the place is! There is probably just a table and a couple of chairs, perhaps to keep up appearances, but it's strictly a take away restaurant.
3 What actually makes a good Chinese takeaway? Because isn't all Chinese takeaway food the same? It's always too sweet, full of MSG and congealed. So it doesn't really matter which Chinese takeaway you go to, you can expect the same thing.  Gili Gulu, unfortunately, isn't much different. I mean, it's a little better, in that the sauces aren't as thick. But everything is so sweet. I'm giving them 3* because it's one of the better Chinese takeaways I've ever had, but that isn't saying much. I had shredded chilli beef, which was OK. The beef was soggy, not crispy, but the sauce was suitably hot and the rice was nice and fluffy.   Delivery was pretty prompt, and we did get a free bag of prawn crackers (and I do love prawn crackers), but I should really stop getting Chinese takeaways. You're better off making it yourself, or going out to a restaurant.
3 Another average Chinese takeaway. Nothing to say really, the food is ok, a bit greasy but not terrible. The service is alright and the prices are average.  There is a Snapfax discount though, that's about the only discerning thing.
