3 Nice village bar which serves large selection of good food and drinks. Nice large clean beer garden which is great in summer days. A mixture of locals and walkers in bar as seems to be very popular with walkers of all ages.
3 The Spylaw Tavern is set on Spylaw Street just off Colinton Bridge, not 'right up that road hen' as directed to by a passerby. Once doubling back I found a decent enough local pub with its own little dining section in the back.  I was here for a colleagues leaving do but I didn't eat here so can't comment on that. I get the impression that it would be homely, pub grub served, but there is nothing wrong with that. The pub itself, looks just like a local pub - bar and lounge area at the side, nothing fancy but homely on a wet and windy Friday night.   Drinks are reasonably priced - £3.60 for a small glass sauvignon blanc  and around £2.80 for gin and mixer. Wine sometimes is something that traditional pubs struggle with (another glass of vinegar, eh, no thanks!) but this wasn't the case as the sauvignon blanc had just the right amount of zesty, refreshing bite and there were several choices for non sauv blanc drinkers on offer. Pub munchies with post work drinks are another danger, but a good range of crisps and nuts on offer and not weighed down by a huge markup.   All in all a fairly decent local pub and I probably will return, given its proximity to work.
3 What the Spylaw Tavern wins at is food. I came here for a lunch after a bike ride with a big group of people and all 25 odd of us were served really quickly and efficiently, and with absolutely massive portion sizes. So definitely a proper thumbs up for the logistics of catering for a group of hungry and muddy cyclists.   I ordered the mac and cheese and when it arrived the entire table leaned over to look at its sheer heft and comment on whether I would finish it. I could only eat half and it was less than £9. It was good mac and cheese, but the addition of sweetcorn, peas, carrots and chips made it a bit of a struggle!   I would kill the fourth star though at the pub looked a bit tired. It didn't have that warm, cozy traditional feel inside and neither a modern look. From the outside it looks like a proper lovely local, but as soon as I came through the door I felt a bit let down. But hey, some folk will like the decor I'm sure.
