3 Filled with Near Eastern trinkets, Hillary's Bazaar has things like essence sticks, to harem pants as well as anything needed if you wish to take part in belly dance lessons (which I hear Hillary also provides) or DVDs and Cds with such music. Some of the accessories though are honestly quite ridiculous, and may have looked a lot better in the Sultan's times rather than in modern cold Scotland - you can't get a more out of place outfit (perhaps a kimono?).  It recently moved to this location and as Stephanie T points out, at a better business location. So if belly dancing and Ethnic stuff is your thing then you might pick up something here.
3 In the midsts of tourist paraphernalia lies a touch of Eastern promise in the form of Hilary's Bazaar. With the sequined turquoise belly tops and jangly belts hanging on the mannequins in the window, you can tell this is an ethnic shop.  I thought this shop was merely for people interested in the incense side of shopping here, but was quite surprised that Hilary's is actually a fully functioning joint for people wanting to learn how to professionally belly dance! There are CD's, books and DVD's to get you started, not to mention lessons advertised on a poster in the store. There are also some outfits for people who do belly dancing professionally.  Hilary's stocks a number of little interesting accessories and some lovely colourful bangles, but it's useful to know that there's a place you can visit  to get your belly dancing career started. It seems like a fun hobby, and beats going to the gym any day of the week
3 Hilary's Bazaar was a pleasant surprise of Eastern flair among the stores packed to the brim with kilts. The instruments and glass lamps hanging in the window is what drew me in and if I hand more room in my hand luggage I would have bought one or maybe two!  I ended up finding a gorgeous snake necklace and two snake bracelets that go well with my other costume apparel. The selection of dresses, hair pieces, jewelry and music is amazing for being a smaller store.   If you have a penchant for goods of the Middle East definitely check out this bazaar.
3 Recently moved from North Bridge to the Royal Mile, Hilary's Bazaar is a bizarre selection of Middle Eastern motifs right here in the centre of Edinburgh.  When recently walking past this shop on a cold afternoon, a woman walked out wearing scantily clad belly dancing clothes. Yes Hilary's Bazaar specialises in selling belly dancing gear, as well as providing belly dancing lessons. It sells clothes, CDs and DVDs. I don't know how much of a market there is for this sort of stuff in Edinburgh it must be popular enough to have remained successfully open for so long.  Hilary's Bazaar also sells some themed instruments. A friend of mine bought a djembe drum from here once and it seemed to be decent enough quality. However for any extensive investment I would shop around first, especially as the instruments (and most other things) can be a bit pricey.
2 First of all, I don't like the name Hilary. There was a fat girl in my primary school class with that name who went around stealing everyone's play pieces but I'll try not let that cloud my judgement.  I came across Hilary's Bazaar the other day my first reaction was "holy crap, what a rip off" and I was shocked to see the price of many of the items here. In comparison to similar shops the price seems to be 10 times as high here with a pair of feather earring being as much as £18. It might not seem that much but they weren't even real silver and looked like something you'd get in a kids gift bag.  Much of the stock here is just a bit of fun and great for gift ideas, especially the jewellery, purses and other accessories. For me, I just think that some of the prices are way too high for what they are.
