4 You had me at "biscuit."  So Burton's Foods "is the second largest biscuit manufacturer in the UK" with bakeries around the UK, including in Edinburgh, Scotland.  I don't know if they offer proper tours of their baking facilities, but you can skip the tour and get to the goodies: an outlet store that offers sacks of defective biscuits (maybe deformed, or maybe they contain too much of a certain filling) at cheap cheap prices.   It's not the most fanciest of outlets (you can maybe fit 5-6 people in the store), but you go to the counter, see what's available, order and pay. That's it.  I was able to walk out with a decent sized sack of Toffee Filled Biscuits with Milk Chocolate, a retail package of Cadbury Digestives and Bisca My Choice biscuits for under £5.  The advantage is that you know that these are super fresh and direct from the factory.  The Toffee Filled Biscuits were delightful to eat and were so good I had to stop after the 7th one.  If you're in Edinburgh, take a visit to the factory outlet (call for operating hours).
4 I first went here when I was at college as it was round the corner. The delicious smell lured me in. The shop is just a porta-cabin with a heap of biscuits in bags.  I was amazed that you could buy something like 3 kilos of 'broken' biscuits for £2. They came in plastic bags so didn't look great, but the biscuits themselves were lovely.  Now my favourite is individual bags of mini Cadbury's fingers. You can buy a massive sackful for £1.50. Opening hours are fairly limited.
5 I go past this place almost everyday on my way to university. Everytime I go by the smell makes me feel like I just went to cookie monsters family potluck. Ugh its so intoxicating. Therefor I decided I would never go because I would turn into cookie monster himself and eat everything in sight. Well....sigh...my friend took me and I did just that! I bought two massive bags of chocolate chip cookies from the reject bin ( its ok orphan cookies you will have a nice home with me ) and took them home. Little did these cookies know that half their comrades would be gobbled up with in the week. I have slowed down no to savior the other bag but let me tell you this place is great. Some of the best cookies I have ever had ( store bought mind you ) and super super cheap. If you have the munchies and or want to adopt some orphan cookies go here and buy to your hearts content. You won't be disappointed especially if you get a good bag with some of the more doughy cookies wow those are the best and were the first to go. Love this place!
