5 I cannot say enough good things about Richer Sounds. Although the shop is tiny, the stock is quality. We have bought TV's, DVD players, video recorders, Freeview boxes and HIFI's here. The staff are great and will help you into the car with large purchases. It's worth subscribing to the email alerts because you will get special offers and free stuff. We got free headphones only just recently. They always have good managers specials on stock, so pop in regularly. My brother recently got £200 of a plasma telly because it was the last one. I never have any bother returning stuff either.
4 The advantage of buying each individual component to your sound system is propagated via Richer Sounds and at a reduced price.  If you allow time to root out the best deal, check for store specific offers on their websites and talk to the staff (who are well adapted to explaining each complicated specification in simple speak) you will undoubtedly leave with a peach of a deal.  Allow me to elaborate. I checked their website for 3 items.  An Amplifier, a CD player and some speakers. After mixing and matching according to their recommendations I created an affordable and satisfying Hi-Fi set up. They were kind enough to chuck in some free speaker cables too which resulted in one happy customer.   Great stuff.
4 I was advised to come here by a shop around the corner also selling music and electrical appliances and gizmos. I was after a cord to connect my ipod to a CD player and none of the shops around the area,which I thought would be cheaper had it.  Richer Sounds did, and at an OK price (around 10 pounds). The service was great, despite the small price I was paying compared to the huge plasma TVs I was surrounded with. It's a small shop but they seemed very well stocked out and the staff are well trained and polite. I watched as a new owner of a massive TV proudly tried to squeeze it into his car outside, which turned out to be a very amusing operation with the shop assistants, whilst a parking attendant kept coming by to tell them off.   Would certainly come here again for any future musical needs.
4 A magnet for hi-fi buffs, my recent experiences with Richer Sounds come mainly through looking for an LCD TV, a type of product notoriously awkward to buy as there are so many deals going about both in shops and on the internet, that it can be difficult to know where to start.  The staff here are very helpful and don't give you the hard-sell bollocks that makes going into some other electronics retailers a stressful and often awkward experience. Their special offers are very good and new ones come up all the time, so it's worth checking back regularly. It's not unusual to find a £1000 Sony TV here for little over half price.  Unfortunately for poor old Mr Richer, I found a deal on Amazon that just edged out what was on offer here, but I'd still recommend the place, and would make it first stop on my next quest for high-end consumer electronics
3 Richer Sounds is an electronics shops that sells various hi-fi, TV, music equipment hardware and accessories. Richer Sounds is a useful, more reliable shop than say Cash Converters down the road.  I visited Richer Sounds whilst looking for a new TV for my flat. I have to say that whilst I was more impressed by their other stock, I didn't find the prices as flattering as my fellow yelpers. It may be that I just came in on a bad day and there was an unusual absence of great deal. But just in case, if you are planning on buying a TV, if you see something you like here you might be best shopping around and just checking out prices.  Nevertheless I can understand the overall customer satisfaction and as I say I was more impressed by other finds in the shop. There is a surprising amount of stuff for such a small shop full of big TVs. The staff are friendly and I too didn't get that big electronics shop hard-sell nonsense.
5 If your looking for great quality sound equipment then Richer Sounds is certainly the place to go.  The staff are welcoming and are more than happy to talk you through any technical misunderstandings which you may have.  I came here looking for a new set of speakers.  The ones which I had were given to me by a friend when she bought some new ones, and the bass was becoming overpowering.   I asked the guy which speakers would offer good sound quality at a decent price and I came away with a pair of JBL Controls for only £50 which have done great so far. They also sell a wide range of flat screen televisions and sound systems for a home cinema.  These guys definitely know their stuff and, although it's not the cheapest place to get stuff like this, they have a good range and plenty of info to share.
4 I've always been a fan of Richer Sounds because I do believe that they offer both very good value for money and superior customer service focused on your needs rather than on separating you from the contents of your wallet.  Their strategy is to keep you coming back for more by ensuring high customer satisfaction and their strategy seems to work.  The shop focuses on anything TV or audio based so it is a handy place to put together an entertainment system.  You can actually put something good together using the items on sale here for a very reasonable amount making it great for those put off by the daunting prices of the ultra high end stores.
3 Richer Sounds is on Chamber's Street, next door to the Jazz Bar. While it is a well stocked shop that seems to offer a range of equipment from entry-level to professional standard, the service was pretty slow and the staff were not particularly knowledgeable, considering the amount of money you could be expected to hand over for some of the products.  Sound and Vision is a good option if you are looking for something specific, a wire or a plug you couldn't find elsewhere. It sells anything from massive plasma TVs and thousand pound sound systems to cheap headphones, and has a wider selection of electrical gear than most other high street shops. The other advantage is that you don't have to trek over to Princes Street if you just want to buy a blank CD and you're near-by. The staff may not always know the score, but Richer Sounds is still music to my ears!
4 After buying some Ipod docks from a branch down in London, I was a bit pissed off when the remote broke after about 2 months (it was actually my fault, not a faulty remote). So off I trotted to Richer Sounds, where we had a bit of a chat about the problem and set about fixing it. The guy who served me was really good, ordering in the remote for me, and also saying if I wanted to get it a bit cheaper I could just get in contact with the manufacturer myself, and here was the number. So eventually I got my new remote for a pretty reasonable price.  Admittedly the guy didn't know which dock I was talking about at first, but with thousands out there I don't really blame him. He had a peek in his book and then we were good to go. As well as this, I've also bought a small TV from here a while ago, which is excellent. The staff were really helpful, and the quality is really good for the price.  FOr me, this is a much better shop than Dixon's or Currie's so if you need any electrical goods, stop by here first.
5 Fantastic range of quality hi-fi equipment and incredibly friendly, helpful staff. Top marks.
