3 This is a great place for all things party and fancy dress related and definitely worth a visit.  They have a good range of those ready-to-wear costumes, includng all the usual things such as pirates, princesses and fairies, but what they don't stock a great deal of are things to help you put your own costume together. When you already have an outfit pretty much sorted, you just need a light saber or an Amy Winehouse wig or a plastic ball and chain - that one random thing that you really need but don't want to have to buy an entire pre-packed costume in order to get.  In the run up to halloween, they tripled the number of rails of costumes, so there's no denying that you could always find what you were looking for, although the prices are a little steep: you can expect to pay upwards of £40 for an outfit you're invariably only going to wear once!  However, they're definitely the place I'd recommend if your after helium balloons - they'll hire you an entire tank of helium to fill the balloons yourself, or you can buy them already filled depending what suits.   It's not my favourite fancy dress shop in Edinburgh, but it's definitely worth sticking your head in next time you're planning a party.
3 Everything you may need for a fancy dress party in one shop. Just like most of these places- this shop isn't particularly cheap for the usually one-use stuff it sells, but at least it is a saviour for last minute dress up ideas, fun make-up and props.At Halloween, it's a big mess and the ques can be too big to be worth your time. It sells full body costumes, and you can even arrange to hire costumes. It also benefits from its useful location and helpful staff.
2 Ever wanted to dress as Scooby Doo, a pirate, Austin Powers, or maybe even Edward Scissor hands? Party Mania offers nearly every costume and fancy dress accessory you could imagine and much more.  One glaring problem, however, was the jaw dropping price of such costumes. I repeatedly winced at the £50 price tags and considering the shop doesn't offer a rental service on the racked items you'd probably have to work at Disney Land to see the advantage of buying such pricey attire.  I suppose these are unique costumes and this fact partially justifies the price, but £50, have mercy! No wonder the majority moan at proposal of a fancy dress party.
3 Looking for a helium balloon shaped like a bumble bee? Ever wondered where you would find an inflatable palm tree? Look no further as Party Mania has it all so if you're thinking of hosting a party, whatever the theme is I am sure you will be able to find what you're looking for here.  Everything is well laid out making it easy to browse and the staff were helpful too and I browsed for quite a while and didn't feel pressured to buy something and leave as in some shops.  Of course, they have a huge selection of costumes but I'll just stick with my trademark bin bag and purple balloons bunch of grapes costume - much cheaper. Part of the fun is making your own costume, I always feel it's a bit of a cop out just buying one - an expensive cop out at that. I noticed that they had a sale section and there was a few Dracula costumes to be had.  They also have a range of crazy contact lenses so you can have cats eyes, purple eyes, blue eyes and even eyes with stars in them. Weird.
3 "Your one stop shop for party goods" just doesnt quite explain how much stuff for parties is crammed into this reletivly small space on West Nicolson Street.  Everything from fancy dress costumes to birthday banners and from glittery sparkly things to novelty joke items - there really is a huge selection of things in here for all your partying needs.  It is all, however, waaaay over priced - easily £45 for a reletivly crap costume, and all the other bits and bobs are enough to bring a tear to your eye. Another problem is how busy this place gets, especially around Halloween, when everybody is rushing for a last minute costume. The shop really is too small for that type of custom.  Anyway, this place really does have everything that you would need for your party - but you may want to go somewhere else to buy it.
3 These are the culprits who supply the angel wings and L plates for Hen nights, send your hate mail this way!  Party Mania is ok, but I can't help feeling sorry for the person who ends up spending £5.85 for 3 balloons strapped together. I encourage all potential customers to get really creative and save money, they should be no place in the world for a professional balloon arranger.
4 I'm all for small local businesses, and no matter what worthless shite they churn out I'll almost always give them a pat on the back. I'll do the same for Party Mania despite my indifference to balloons, streamers, L-plates, sombreros, and anything else that's bougt in the name of forced joviality and heavy drinking.  I lost my last shred of dignity many years ago, so an inflatable cock strapped to my head won't change a thing, but if partying is your thing, then Party Mania is your place.
2 This place looks an awful lot better than it acually is.  First of all,  beware of the step. There's a step right as you walk into the shop. What a stupid place to put a step. My first time in here I fell into the shop, and instead of people rushing to help me , I was laughed at. Mocked!! By the staff!!  Anyway, the costumes are pretty good  I must admit, but are ridiculously over-priced. They have a good selection of face-paints, but once theyre gone, theyre gone.  It's full of students as it's right next to uni , and lets be honest the only time we've ever really put in a big effort to get dressed up is when we're students.  It's expensive, often out of stock and they laughed at me.
4 Party Mania is my first and only port of call when I am looking for a fancy dress outfit. Whatever the dressing up occasion, Party Mania will almost certainly be able to fulfil your needs.   Party Mania sells a wide selection of different fancy dress outfits in packets which are handy, such as superwoman and an 80's disco outfit. They also sell a range of accessories to complete the perfect outfit, such as wigs, witch's fingernails, hats, masks and gloves. Party Mania also sell outfits for Hen Nights such as L-plates and garters.   In the run up to Halloween, Party Mania is always absolutely packed with people looking for the perfect costumes. They also sell make up, ribbons and feathers, which I have bought several of to complete my fancy dress outfit. The shop is situated just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square, so it is a handy place for students to go to for a costume.   Balloons, banners and themed decorations are also available in this store. Party Mania stocks everything you could every want for the perfect fancy dress outfit, although it is a wee bit pricey.
2 The name 'Party Mania' comes across to me like some sort of hysterical nightmare. I'm not sure I want mania at my party. I have images of some indulgent Victorian party turned into uncontrollable madness. Maybe I have an overactive imagination.  Actually Party Mania isn't too bad. It is essentially a party shop (whatever that is exactly) selling face paint, costumes, balloons and general party accessories. I can see why some of these would be useful, especially for kids parties. But I found the overall quality to be quite poor, especially for the costumes. You will find your typical superhero or witch or whatever costumes. It isn't really the sort of place you come to find genuine looking dress-up accessories, more the wear-once Halloween dress. Yet the prices for the costumes are quite high.  When I was in I also found they had run out of face paint I was looking for. Overall the shop just seemed to be lacking anything I really wanted for my actual party and instead I was surrounded by some pretty tacky, yet expensive stuff.  Not a terrible shop, but could do with better stock and a major repricing.
4 Party Mania offers exactly what it claims to in the window.  If you're after a fancy dress outfit, face paint, mask or banners then this the place.  The woman who runs it is friendly and offers to buy in just about anything which don't currently have in stock.   I came here with my friends at Halloween and, although we came a little late in the day, they still had plenty to choose from.  Some of the really good outfits, like elephant suits etc, are pretty expensive.  The point is, however, that when you pay for it once it'll last for many occassions.  My friend and I bought some trusty boiler suits at the beginning of first year which are still serving us well when the occasions arise.  Party Mania has a lot to offer.  Some of it is pretty gimicky, but it's all good fun.
