5 Original and best place to get fish and chips in Edinburgh. They managed to see off Harry Ramsden's. Not pricey and child friendly.
2 This quaint "ye olde" pub in Newhaven loses some of its charm from the spray-on stucco finish, and a bit more from being right beside a busy road. We arrived on a warm day and had lunch in the front courtyard. The staff were friendly and the prices reasonable, but the food was only so-so. My onion rings, in particular, suffered from being 70% batter and 27% oil, with just the tiniest space reserved for any actual onion. Our salads were decent if unremarkable and the fish was generally tasty. From the menu, I'd say fish-and-chips is a bit of a specialty here, but we didn't try them.  As I mentioned, we sat outside, which was nice on this particular day. The inside looked a bit dreary, and we couldn't understand why we were the only people eating outside. That is, until the trees (acacias?) started shedding into our food. Ah well, at lest it kept us entertained and seasoned the onion rings.
4 Went for tea tonight. Because we had a groupon voucher we could choose from a set menu. There was a choice of four starters and four mains. The food was very nice and freshly cooked.
1 This doesn't even warrant the time to write a proper review:  We made a booking for valentine's day, travelled across town and they were closed. They didn't even let us know! Poor Show!  WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND TO ANYONE!
1 Never Never Waste Your Time or Money Here!  I was looking forward to a quiet Valentine's day dinner with my boyfriend here and booked some time ago to make dinner reservations. This week, my boyfriend came down with the flu and we talked about rescheduling the dinner but he made a valiant effort and said we should still go out, even though it was his first time out of the house all week. Well I dragged him out and we went all the way here to find it completely dark, closed, deserted! They had my phone number and didn't even have the respect to call to let me know they wouldnt be open, or perhaps have closed?   I'm not a happy camper now and so much for the romantic date here, but at least my relationship's more dependable than this restaurant! Don't go!
1 Went yesterday for afternoon tea at the peacock on a Groupon voucher costing £22.90. The board outside was offeriering afternoon tea cheaper than my voucher ok give it a go. Inside was dreary turning up the lights might have helped. The seats were too low for the table so had to sit on extra cushions. Waitress not very welcoming made us feel we were on a Groupon voucher. As for the food well! Branston pickle, chopped up egg and paper thin ham with a slice of tomato on thin pasty white bread. A plain scone and current scone with small pot jam,cream and little bit of butter between  a tiny bite quarter of millionaire shortbread two thin merangue bases with cream and half a strawberry didn't even try eating them . Asked for coffee instead of tea got half a cup. We left and the waitress didn't even raise her eyes to say goodbye. I had many happy memories of the old Peacock. But this was certainly the worst tea I have experienced. Will not be back and defiantly not recommend.
3 I have been going to the peacock for many years and absolutley loved this place, then it shut down due to a fire i think and was renovated and thought id give it a try! have been twice now the first time with family for a meal there were 8 of us food was really really good not as much choice as they used to have but still a good amount to choose from (sorry i can only remember what we all ordered!)    Starters - Soup of the Day, Fishcakes, Chicken Wings, Mussels  Mains - fish dished such as fish and chips (cannot faullt!!!) fishermans pie, pan fried cod with mash, mussels, seafood linguine, and they also did steak pie, burgers, gammon steak and pasta!  Deserts - chocolate cake, chocolate mouse, lemon sorbet, oatcakes, ice crem, apple pie  No complaints at all about any of our meals, service was ok on this trip not amazing but they did take a quite a while to even take drinks order and give us menus!   Would go again, but probably with a groupon/itison deal to be honest.
