3 This is quite a small branch of Space NK and bizarrely enough the even smaller concession in Harvey Nichols seems to stock more products than this one. I popped in looking for a Dr. Seabagh foaming cleanser as Space NK are one of the only stockists in Scotland, they don't stock it here but they do have it in the concession store.   As soon as I walked in I was greeted by a friendly shop assistant who helped me with my enquiry so top marks for customer service it's just a shame that this branch seems strangely empty. They do have a good range of Laura Mercier products and NARS cosmetics but I guess it wasn't much constellation as they weren't what I was looking for. Space NK have also started stocking new "Lime Crime" lipsticks and come in a whole range of vibrant colours from fuchsia pink to black and are £14 a pop... I'm not so sure how I feel about black lipstick though.  The store is very organised and fresh and if they don't have what you're looking for pop along to the Space NK in Harvey Nick's, you might be lucky.
3 I am a bit of a sucker for premium skin care and make-up and Space NK has all the brands I covet: Chantecaille, Dr Brandt, Jurlique and many more besides. The staff look model perfect and effortlessly sophisticated; my skin becomes dull and shiny, and my clothes feel tatty and cheap in comparison (sob). However, these pretty ladies can never do enough to help me on my unattainable quest for clear, wrinkle free skin. I figure their perfection is all a ploy to make you want to buy things, for this is a shop that sells dreams - you too can look fresh faced and youthful if you've got a spare £200 to spend on lotions and potions. I fall for it hook, line and sinker every time.
4 It's nice. It's friendly. It's smaller than most branches and, yes, it's expensive. They stock some interesting lines you cannot get elsewhere and the service makes it worth a visit. I have even seen them phone search other stockists around Edin for a colour I fell in love with from Nars that they were out of stock on. Stores they are not even affiliated with! That is excellent customer service. So yeah, have a look in. Get their free loyalty points card and enjoy yourself.
