4 The Ferry Tap is a traditional pub in old fashioned decor. It's definitely a tourist pub (or at least a tourist welcome pub), being so central to South Queensferry, but not being in the middle of Edinburgh and still essentially a town pub, it still pulls in the locals.  I found all the staff here were very friendly but for some reason the rest of the clientele were a bit grumpy. It might have just been the awful weather outside so I'll try not to let that cloud my judgement too much. The Ferry Tap has a great selection of ales (it does sell itself as an ale house) and offers some really nice traditional pub food for less than you'd often pay in central Edinburgh. Haddock or scampi will cost you around £6.95. In general expect to pay between £6 and £7. They also serve some more light bites, like paninis and baked potatoes.  A nice pub with good ale and good food. I will be revisiting and hoping everyone won't be quite so grumpy.
3 It's hard not to get drawn in by the Ferry Tap. From the outside, the pub is colourful, with bright hanging baskets and its dominant bold coloured sign and walls. As you go inside, you realise that the interior matches that of the outside in the traditional sense. This is well, a traditional ale pub, with a warm interior which is quite homely.   It provides a good selection of local ales and provides a reasonably priced menu, which offers your staple pub food. When I was in there were quite a few tourists, however the bar staff told me that the locals (that every pub has) only come out in the evening when the tourists are few. Also, has a pub quiz each week.   The Ferry Tap does a riveting trade with tourists, and I can appreciate how they do this, however this shop could have so much more to offer!
4 A great little town pub. I've been in a couple times on visits to South Queensferry. Comfy surroundings, reasonably priced drinks, and plenty of seating (relative to the size of the place). All well in my book!
5 Lovely little pub, great atmosphere and good value for money. Food was really enjoyable
