4 In a standard burst of January fitness (after spending two weeks eating and boozing like Fat Bastard) , The Man and I discovered that Gracemount Leisure Center is about 5 minutes from our house.  How did we miss that before?  Oh yeah, we were too distracted by the chippy that's RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET from it (how cruel is that??).    So we checked it out.  We're usually work in the garden and go hillwalking kind of people but in the dark winter months there are literally not enough hours in the day to do very much of that.    On the one hand, I like it.  It wasn't busy (though the pool was filling up by the time we left), the gym had plenty of machines that meant you hardly had to wait, the facilities were clean and people friendly.  They offer a pretty wide range of classes here too which is nice.    On the other hand, a gym visit is £6.90, and if you go to the sauna that's an extra £1.50.  £1.50 to sit in a hot room for 10 minutes is pretty excessive, no?  Surely it should just be part of your entry fee?   You could pay £25/year for a discount (20-25% I believe), or £44/month for a gym membership.  You would practically have to go twice a week (gym only) for that to make any sense and let's be honest, I'll never do that.    So, no fault on this gym as I know Edinburgh Leisure sets the prices, but in a country where the government bangs on about people needing to eat right an exercise more, surely they could lower the price of a visit to a council gym?
4 I've loving this whole deal Edinburgh Leisure has got going on. Granted, it's not the cheapest option for fitness, but what you get is access to NEARLY EVERYTHING. By that, I mean across Edinburgh. Commonwealth Pool I seem to recall is the only exception to this rule. But, if you want classes, rock climbing at Ratho, a game of golf, indoor bowling, gyms, pools, there is a membership that gives you the lot. And I like that, especially as my fat backside really needs to get into shape, stat. What I had struggled with in the past was the, if I sign up to the gym near my work, then I have to trek out at the weekend, but if I do it near my home, well there isn't anything, and it means by the time I get there, I'll be too tired. This way, if I am home, I can nip out to a gym like Portobello (with Turkish baths!), or at work, run into Ratho, or Gracemount, which is a happy halfway point.   Gracemount is a pleasant gym, a little rundown, and with one endlessly running tap in the ladies loos (come on, don't tell me you haven't noticed it!). It has a pool (haven't tried it), and a decent sized gym. Seriously, Meadownbank has a gym the size of a cupboard - this is mansion sized in comparison. I've never had a problem getting onto a machine here and I can work away to my hearts content, and if I am near a window, I can watch the pigeons doing what pigeons do, which helps while away the misery of a walking machine.
