3 What a cool name! And what a cool place! I went into this shop when I first moved to Bruntsfield and agreed with Schwartzenegger - I would indeed be back. They have a lovely selection of shoes and the whole place was decorated really tastefully.  However, the shop is small and space is limited, ... shoes are therefore limited. I would be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed that there were only a few pairs of shoes out. They were lovely shoes too - heels, flats, boots - I bought a gorgeous pair of brown patent ankle boots. I also bought a really nice, unusual purple belt which I always get compliments on. It was a nice shop and has a great deal of potential, I just wish there was a greater selection. I've not been back since that first visit - partly because I had a feeling it would be the same stock and partly because I know I would spend more money if I did, but I peer in the window now and again to keep an eye out. It;s definitely worth a visit if you happen to be in the area, but don't go to any trouble.
4 As I have said in previous reviews, shoes are definitely my achilles heel and if there's a shoe shop in the vicinity my shoe radar will find it. Like the other reviewers I adore the name of this dinky little shoe shop but like Stephanie I was a little disappointed that there were no actual ruby shoes.  The shop itself is very well organised, all the shoes are presented really well which makes it easy to browse, the cute signage and the window display is very inviting and I was really impressed when I stumbled across it last month. They have some really gorgeous shoes in here and they are all of a very high quality. I spotted more than a few pairs that I would love to take home but unfortunately they were a little bit out of my price range.  Overall, a gorgeous shoe shop which you will love if you're a shoe fan and have a bit of extra disposable income. I will need to pop back when I feel like splurging!
4 What a gorgeous little shoe shop! Ooh! Ruby Shoes is full of beautiful shoes, which look more expensive than probably are. They sell all kinds of shoes, from flip flops and sandals, to doc martins to warm boots - you name the occasion and Ooh! Ruby Shoes will have the shoes perfect for the event.   They have an excellent range of different types of shoes and at the moment the shop is filled with sandals and wedges which range in price from about fifty pounds to eighty pounds. I bought a pair of black high heels in this store last year for £60 which I have worn a lot as they are suitable for both going to work, and going out in the evenings, so they were definitely worth the money. The shoes are of excellent quality, which is why they are a wee bit more expensive than similar shoes which you could find in the high street stores.  Ooh! Ruby Shoes also sell a selection of scarves and handbags, which are made of pure leather and are completely gorgeous, but quite pricey. The staff are always friendly and don't overcrowd you when you are in the store - the perfect combination! Ooh! Ruby Shoes is the perfect little shoe shop for any girl with a shoe obsession.
4 I couldn't resist checking out a store that has an exclamation in it's name; I had to see if they really had anything to be excited about.  One of the many personally owned boutiques in Bruntsfield, this store just SMELLS of authentic leather! I'm not really a shoe person, but anyone keen enough would probably have a shoegasm in here! From sandals to pumps and fancy evening shoes, they have a nice variety of shoes...  I personally fell for the boots, which were quite downplayed cowboy and was optimistic enough to lift them to check the prices on their soles... I saw nothing short of a £150/200 a pair! The store's owned by two women, and the shoes are quite high end, imported from Italy, Spain, and Denmark (a bit of the odd one out...) I'd definitely add a pair of their shoes to my wishlist!
4 From the emotive girly name to the plum coloured fronting, everything about Ruby Shoes lures women in like they're taking the apple from the tree all over again.  Most women love a good shoe shop, and this one certainly doesn't disappoint many. From ridiculously high heels with pretty little buckles to more form fitting, comfortable yet pretty styles, Ooh Ruby Shoes stocks them all.  They seem to bring in a lot of stock from the continent, adding a different dimension of style to the Edinburgh shopaholic. It's the kind of shoe boutique that's well stocked, but shoes are dispersed evenly throughout the store. Less usually means more price, but definitely more quality comes wrapped in as past of the deal.  I adore heels but this place isn't wacky enough for me. However, there is something in it for everyone and I can see it appealing to a broad age group which is always good. High end, high quality and continental, I see why women like it.
4 How can you not love a shop that actually includes the sound of excitement and exclamation that most girls make when seeing a new pair of must-have shoes?  Ooh! Ruby Shoes is a lovely independent, boutique shoe store in Bruntsfield that has a fairly good selection for a small, independent store, of gorgeous boots, shoes, handbags and some jewellery.  If you need some new leather boots and don't want a pair that develop holes in the soles within a few months like any high street brand boots do, and are prepared to pay a bit extra for that luxury, I would highly recommend Ohh! Ruby Shoes.  With European designers whom I have never heard of, but which were all stunning, the shoes are exceptionally well-made, fashionable but not so 'in vogue' that they'll date by next issues Elle. Of the few pairs of boots I tried on, they were really comfy too. Everything you could want in good shoes.  They have a sale on at the moment too with some great discounts. After trying several pairs on, and giving several exclamations of Ooh! I may well be back.   The shop assistants were also very lovely and helpful. Ooh! Ruby Shoes I do like you so!
