3 I'm secretly fascinated by Timpson: they can mend your shoes, cut various keys and fashion a sign with a made-up name for your house (I'm considering naming my flat 'the old rectory'), all in the space of an hour. The men who work here know their stuff, look lovely in their maroon aprons and are always up for a bit of haggling. Last time I was in, I managed to blag some free shoe polish and a student discount. All this and the shop smells like old leather and polish, lovely.
2 For anyone unsure of where to go for a new set of keys you'll probably come here like I did.  You're also likely to pay £15 for two keys (if you're in a flat with an inner and outer door).  Hopefully, though, unlike me you'll get two working keys.  On the day I came here they cut my keys and though miffed at the £15 I went away reasonably happy until I tried to use the keys and they didn't work.  I went back to get a new set that would and they didn't work either.  In the end I went round about 4 Timpsons to find the elusive set that would work and no refund was on offer at any point during this time.  In the end I had to lent my friend my keys for my holiday so he could get in (I was getting keys for him) and hope he would be in when I returned.    In general I'm disappointed because they promise so much and should do well.  I recommend going elsewhere - Shoeperior is good for keys.
1 Cobbled stones and heels were never very good friends in Edinburgh. Inevitably they will argue, squabble and someone will have to give in- usually the heel in my experience. You would think that shoe shops in the City would have picked up on this profitable business. True, heels today are not a huge investment (a mere tenner in many shops) but some of us have found that one pair of shoes that fits like a glove and are comfortable to trot around in - and were not a mere tenner.  After a fateful snap I took one of these shoes to this Timpsons thinking it can't be that hard to get fixed. The damage was 15 pounds for one shoe (back home two shoes done professionally would be 3 euros) but as I said I love these shoes.   What I got back after two days however was something I could have done better. The glue was all over the back heel of the shoe done extremely sloppily. The heel now wiggles a bit and there is a gap between heel and shoe. I tried getting the heel off and get them done somewhere else (probably to Greece when I next get back) but as the glue is super strong and all over the suede shoe itself they now look bad.   I will not be returning to this place with any shoes I treasure and I would suggest caution to anyone with a similar problem.   Anyone got a good shoemaker in mind for future reference?
