5 I was enticed into GoDiva because of the really unique clothes in the window. Everything was so different and eye-catching, I had to go in.  Its location isn't the best, it's just off the grassmarket in an area that people generally wouldn't wander to, but I quite like that. The clothes and accessories are all made by Edinburgh College of Art students/graduates and every single piece is different. I absolutely love the summer dress I bought here and am always being asked where I got it from. When I first bought it, I felt the neckline plunged a bit low for my liking, but within an hour I had a brand new fabric sewn on and it was perfect. The great thing about this shop is if you want anything altered/changed/a specific colour, you can get it done!  All in all, it's a really trendy shop and really edgy. I can't recommend it highly enough. It is a bit expensive though, that summer dress cost me £120! But I get a lot out of it, and I get the impression that all the clothes in GoDiva would be worth the splurge.
5 Godiva has got to be one of the coolest vintage stores I've ever been in.  Much like my favourites from Glasgow, it's a vintage store with a DIY punk spirit. Rather than price up hand-me-downs or pride themselves on mint condition knee length skirts from the 50s, Godiva does all of the above with an attractive twist. This shop is full of the most unusual reworked clothing I've ever seen. Somehow, they have not only managed to locate old Turtle bedsheets from the 90s, but they have stitched them up and turned them into skirts. Believe it or not, it works.   The clever designers in here seem to hand pick two old, worn items that clash so badly they set your teeth on edge but make them look AWESOME! I am not a notable fan of 70s football tops but when they are cut and threaded up into rara skirts, I start to find them more attractive.  They have some more modern hoodies and tees towards the front of the shop, some jewellery, and an equal supply of both ladies' and men's vintage towards the rear. But it's the funky reworkings of everything you'd never imagined that get me coming back every time. 100% original and best (I know that is the Irn Bru's slogan but I'm borrowing it for the time being) - if you want really inspired Urban Renewal, do yourself a favour and ditch the blander palate of Urban Outfitters in favour of Godiva.
4 I love the idea of this shop... creative designers mixed with vintage items in the back. Its very nicely laid out. I've seen many items I have deeply craved in here but i'm sorry... far too expensive for me! The trouble is with handmade items sometimes the quality can be iffy, meaning you will have spend a considerable amount of money on an item that will become un-stitched/stretched etc after a few washes! I went in once seeing a jumper in the window I loved, fully expecting it to be well out of my range...it was £30! I ADORE this item & has lasted to this day! It is made by a small unique clothing company, so goes to show that not all handmade items have to cost a bomb. I would love it if they would start stocking a few lower priced items too so everyone could enjoy this shop. The service has been wonderful for me... the owner told me all about the designers & clearly knows her stuff. Defiantly worth a look in if you are in Edinburgh, although you might not come out with anything unless you have a lot of ££ in your purse!
