4 Ness has super cute upscale tartan and tweed (and other) clothing in unexpected colors (pink, green, aqua). Always worth a visit to see what is new.
4 Ness is a very dinky little store on the Royal Mile, selling tasteful tartan for a trendier audience.  They sell a number of gorgeous dresses and shirts that have a wholesome, provincial quality to them. Amongst their lovely knitwares, they sell some good quality, well starched cotton skirts, tops and jackets.  The clothing in here is moderately priced but the quality speaks for itself. Clothes look cosy and durable without being boring. Instead, they are brightly coloured and contemporary while still being suited to our terrible weather!  The staff are very welcoming and I'd recommend it to people looking for a fresh take on the otherwise stagnant tartan littering Edinburgh's high streets. Very cheerful and charming indeed!
4 If you fancy something something tartan or tweed related, Ness is definitely the place to go! Situated in the centre of the Royal Mile in Edinburgh, Ness is always a very popular store with the tourists, as it sells traditional Scottish clothes.  Ness sells a wide range of women's clothing including jumpers, tops, skirts and jackets. Their knitwear clothes are always a big seller, as they are so soft to touch and are of excellent quality so they are guaranteed to last for years. Best of all, they are priced very reasonable with jumpers costing about £50 and there are frequently sales going on in this store which is a great opportunity to grab a bargain. I love to come into to Ness to look at their huge selection of accessories, which include hats, scarves, purses, and best of all, bags!   Their bags are all tweed and range of tiny wee clutch bags, to weekend style bags. I bought a shoulder bag from here a few years ago, which cost about £50 and I use it all the time for going out and it has aged very well. I really cute wee store which is definitely worth a look
3 Ness is a fabulous place to go on the Royal Mile to get tartan items for younger girls.  They have a modern take on tweed and tartan with bright colors, bows, etc.  It's personally not my taste, but if I had some younger girls to buy gifts for, it would be perfect.
5 Coup de foudre pour cette marque de vêtement écossaise, très féminin et délicat malgré le matériel utilisé.
