5 I first discovered Pine Garden when my mum was driving me home from Edinburgh and we stopped off for dinner.  Inside it is quaint and unassuming with modest decor and pleasant service.  The menu has a large range of authentic Chinese dishes from beef curry to crispy shredded Peking duck.  I had the beef in a mushroom sauce with fried rice and it was probably one of the best meals I've ever had as the flavour of the sauce was unbelievable.   Since then I've been back with my family several times and it always has welcoming waiters, amazing food and a friendly atmosphere.  The dishes on the menu are all well described and some of them can be extremely spicy.  I ordered the beef szechuan once and just about had my head blown off by the green chillies in it.  This is rare, however, and each dish has its own unique flavour, something which really makes the restaurant stand out.  Further, the main courses are all relatively cheap, costing little more than £7-8 each. It also does takeaway meals which are popular with locals and I can definitely understand why.
1 After visiting the Dominion cinema yesterday we decided to go for a Chinese. To say we were disappointed would be an understatement.   The staff were very sweet but that is were the positives end. The décor was pretty awful and the atmosphere could be cut with a knife. There hardly any customers in there and everything just seemed pretty awkward! But all that could be forgiven if the food was good, but it wasn't.   To start with we shared a plate of ribs, prawn toast and spring rolls. This literally came out minutes after we ordered and appeared to have been dropped in the deep fat fryer hence the speed and extreme amount of grease. For main course we shared Sweet and sour Cantonese chicken with rice and Singapore noodles. The sweet and sour was the worst (and most fluorescent) i've ever had. I did eat it all because i was starving and very hungover. The noodles were very tasteless and they taste that was there just wasn't nice.  My friend did say to the waiter just before we paid that the food wasn't very good, and his response was "well you ate it all", we didn't actually and this was an odd response.  So overall, it was very disappointing but a shame because the staff were nice.
1 I had a craving for noodles today, along with a significant hangover, so I decided to try this Chinese restaurant as it had a good review on here previously. This was a mistake, we probably knew that as we walked in, but were lulled by the positive review on here, so continued through the tinted glass door and into the eerily quiet restaurant with an audience of staff sat watching us.   Combo starter was deep fat fried prawn toast, spring rolls & ribs - did they ALL have to be deep fried?! - but at least it was REALLY fast I suppose. And what with the hangover & food cravings that was a bonus! Then the main courses were brought out: sweet & sour chicken Cantonese style, Singapore noodles, boiled rice.   The chicken in pink sauce was only relatively nice due to the fact that the noodles didn't taste of anything apart from a hint of cleaning fluid & a fair kick of spice. I only ate half the noodles, & only ate that much because of the aforementioned hankering; also i had to steal pink sauce from the chicken to make them palatable!   My partner ate all her chicken, but most of the rice was left, due to the fact that there wasn't enough pink sauce to flavour all her rice AND all of my noodles! There were 3 other tables in when we arrived, but eventually they left one by one, leaving us the only couple in there, the only people for them to wait on/ stare at! We spent quite a bit of time discussing all the positives of the restaurant (I liked the trap door in the floor, my partner liked the blinds, I liked the plastic flowers, she liked the hand dryer in the toilet, we both liked the water..!) as well as laughing at the sheer awkwardness of the situation (awkward turtle!) There was also discussion about how terribly British we both were in that we weren't able to complain and send the food back! As we asked for the bill I decided that since I was intending to write a review on here, I should at least let them know in person that the meal had been a little disappointing to give them the opportunity to do something about it. I was just politely asked to put my pin in the card machine, and told that I as I had eaten it "all" then I must have enjoyed it!! The staff were lovely, friendly, polite, however the food was non of this, and was on the pricey side in my opinion. I would not go back, and would def recommend going anywhere else but here for noodles. This kind of restaurant is the reason I usually don't like Chinese food, what a disappointment Pine Garden :-(
1 We had takeaway from here, and it was pretty tasteless and yucky, unfortunately.  The noodles were unexciting at best, duck was mushy and the sauce for the sweet and sour pork was very sharp indeed.  Really cannot recommend going here or, in fact, any of the Chinese restaurants in Morningside, which is a real disappointment.
