4 There comes a time in every girl's life when flimsy, cheap ballet pumps and skyscraper-high stiletto heels just don't cut it anymore, sure there are still occasions when these are suitable, but for going about your day-to-day business, something more sensible is generally required. This is why I found myself in Clark's recently. Their shoes may not be at the cutting edge of fashion, but they are well made and pretty much guaranteed to be comfortable. They have qualified fitters who will measure your feet, which is probably something most of us need done - I've been guessing my shoe size for a good few years now, so it was good (albeit slightly heartbreaking) to be told once and for all what size I should actually be wearing. Their handbags are surprisingly stylish, I picked up a fab brown leather one (which I believe was featured in Grazia) for only £60. Until I can afford Mulberry and Russell & Bromley, Clarks is a very good second best.
3 Although not where I get my mules from these days, Clarks will still always have a special place in my heart from childhood when my mum would buy me super cute Magic Key school shoes and some Doodles for running amok in.   This branch of Clarks is huge and is full to the brim with sensible brogues and good quality shoes for the kids. The price of Clarks shoes have always been very reasonable for the quality and they will definitely last a full school term.  In the past couple of years, Clarks have tried to be cool but it hasn't really worked for them, on occasion they have some nice winter Boots but I think they should just stick with what they do best; sensible.
4 There are few more enjoyable memories of being 5 years old than a trip to Clarks which involved getting my foot measured in their machine. It was a source of constant excitement and trepidation, and thus a trip to Clarks comes highly recommended if you're only recently out of the womb.  From an adults viewpoint however, Clarks is a fairly solid, dependable and dull shoe store. Their stuff isn't exactly high fashion but it does the trick, and their presence on the High Street for several decades shows they're doing something right.
