3 It's just a gift shop, but I bought two great souvenirs here.  The first was in 2002--a little tumbler with the city coat of arms on it. To this day, I still drink scotch out of this glass almost exclusively.  In 2007 I bought an Edinburgh Castle wooden ruler printed with significant dates in the history of the castle.  Only 25 pence!  How cool is that.  Buy several and pass them out to friends and coworkers when you go home.  You don't have to tell them how cheap it was.  They also sell stamps here, which is no longer guaranteed at gift shops across Europe (I'm looking at you, Prague and Vienna).
2 So expensive. I know it's a gift shop, but when you pay £5 quid for a stick of Rock it's getting out of line.   This place's sole purpose is to rob little kids for the pocket money they were given for the school trip. And on that subject, what kid wants to buy a Ruler! You look forward all year to escaping the school for a day trip only to buy something that reminds you of school. Backwords Logic.  They do have a great selection of Sweets, I'll give them that, but I can't imagine them selling them to anyone else but tourists (not that they need much local patronage anyway).  The VERY same goods can be purchased at the newsagent at the bottom of the castle for a fraction of the price, head there instead!
2 This place is totally over-priced! Ok the castle is great and it's definitely worth the visit, but you can't really justify spending over £50 on an apron, can you? Even if it does have a picture of a haggis!  They have a great selection though, lots of clan names and details and different fudges and the like. Very touristy, and only tourists would buy this stuff really. I don't know many people with a cut of their family tartan, or their family clan post-card on their kitchen fridge.
3 A good friend of mine is a secret fan of gift shops- he can spend hours in them- so long as they are the official ones. Well this one is an official one and despite the twee gift ideas and corny souvenirs there are some more classier and elegant gift ideas in here.   The quality is also much better than the cheaper alternatives on the Royal mile, minus the bad and loud music and bright colours the later ones have.  So it really depends on your budget and how much you want to hunt around for gifts or souvenirs. I like the service in the gift shop- the lady is always so nice and didn't mind my friend browsing for an age either. (and didn't follow us around like a certain other cheaper gift shop did). If you payed to get into the Castle might as well have a walk around even if you do choose the cheaper options down the street.
1 Ok - lets get some things straight - this review isnt an attack on the castle itself, rather the over priced and shit filled gift shop that stupid tourists and locals who dont pay enough attention find themselves in after an excellent cultural and historical monument.  There is absolutly nothing in here that can even remotly justify its own price tag - ok, so it has a picture of the castle on it, and a dodgy sketch of the Saltire, but bloody hell... you want how much for it?!?!  Seriously, if you have to buy something from here, just tell your friends and family back home that you didnt even bother visiting the castle.
