4 The plethora  of chalk boards listing offer after offer always makes for an appealing read when it comes to buying wine from Odd bins. True to their title you'll often find the 'odd bin' end at a cheap rate and with some change left for another bottle too.  As with any dedicated wine merchant the staff are always there to help you distinguish the Merlots from the Rioja. An this one is no exception to the rule.
4 Good ol' Oddbins!  A very decent liquor store with a wide selection of wines, beers and other spirits, with very friendly and helpful staff. Prices are variable although many times I have found a great deal or two and their chalk boards advertise the latest bargain available. A good location and a favourite destination for my friends and myself to purchase the alcohol required for the night/ dinner/ party to follow.
4 Although I've given Oddbins four stars I don't actually shop here for my booze.  Firstly because it's pretty far from where I live, and secondly because the drink isn't actually as cheap as it is in other places.  Where this shop surpasses the others, however, is in the range and quality of its wines, spirits and beers. They have a good selection of real ales and beers which, as ever, don't come cheap and they also have some fine wines and more unusual brands of vodka and whisky.  Further, they always seem to have an infinite number of deals on in the shop.  Although I hardly ever drink wine, I noticed that they were selling a summer case of twelve bottles of good wine for £75 which seemed a pretty reasonable deal.   If you're a big wine drinker or into more adventurous strains of alcohol then Oddbins is the place to look.
4 This is the sort of place I only ever came with my mum, because I never really appreciated it. Turns out, it's a pretty good wine shop!! They have a huge selection and almost always have really good deals on. The staff here are really friendly too , and happy to help. They can order in a bottle if you're looking for something specific. Very reliable and very good!
4 The Aussie guy who works here knows his stuff. If you're a little unsure as to what wine will go great with dinner tonight or you're looking for a bottle as a gift, get down to Bruntsfield and visit this place. You'll get great service, a bit of Aussie charm(!!!) and a decent bottle to walk away with...happy in the knowledge that you've also not taken the easy and far inferior Tesco / Sainsburys / Asda option.
4 This Oddbins has some pretty awesome unusual beers.  So much so that I was stuck for choice and kind of wanted to buy everything in sight.  Even better than this, the staff are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and happy to offer any suggestions or advice, or just have a bit of a blether about interesting booze.    I've previously found other Oddbins to have a less exciting range of beers and less willing to help staff.  I don't know if it's the management of this one or what, but especially with the loss of Peckhams from across the road, Bruntsfield was in dire need of a good beer/wine shop and Oddbins upped its game and has filled that spot nicely.
4 I went into Oddbins with a blurry photo on my iphone of a bottle of Red Grace S had introduced me to over partridge. I asked the gentleman behind the counter if they had this *shows photo on phone* wine in store?  It turns out Grace S had gotten that particular bottle from the Leith Walk Oddbins. And they were out of stock in the Bruntsfield store. But fear not! The friendly, well-wine-ified man behind the counter was more than happy to help, chat, suggest wines, and allow us to um and er a bit.  When we told him it was to go with pasta and vegetables from Valvonna & Crolla, he suggested an Italian red. We hadn't had a good experience with an Italian red in a restaurant a few weeks previous. Too floral. But he assured us this one wasn't too floral.  Buying wine is like roulette. You can't judge a wine by its bottle, or even reading the label. And I'm not well drunk (?) enough to know different wine flavours from grapes, variety, and year alone.   So we trusted Mr Oddbins Man and his suggestion. And it turns out the wine went beautifully with the pasta and vegetable sauce.   I don't know why anyone would buy wine from a supermarket (unless out of convenience) when you can pay no more, and sometimes even less, for a fantastic bottle of wine from an independent store, with the help and suggestions of a friendly wine-drinker such as yourself.
5 Best Wine Shop Bar None  Ok, so lets get this straight, I love Wine, I drink it all the time,  I'm in a wine Club, but sometimes I want to just pick up some new wines on my way home from work. Oddbins floats my boat. I cried a little when I heard they went into receivership, and I cheered when some dude who's name I can't remember bought them over.  I think they have a great range of wines, not so great on the prosecco, but I get that from my wine club. Affordable Reds I love include the Poco a Poco (£6-£7)Bons Ventos (£6-£7) Berton Paddock Shiraz ( (£8-£9) and anything by Oveja Negra.   I don't mind splashing out on more expensive stuff either, but they offer a great range across the board. Always have good folk serving who are happy to advise and they do tastings regularly - though I regularly miss them!
4 Great little wine shop with lovely staff.   Was served by Terri who helped match wine for my dinner party and it was a great suggestion, everyone commented how good it was. Really nice to know you are going to get good advice and end up with a great wine. Plus they also help out with your whisky, cocktail and suggestions for drinking holes nearby!
5 I always pop in here every few weeks to see what beers the staff are getting excited over and usually come out £20 lighter and end up with a fuzzy head in the morning but it is always worth it.  The staff here pride themselves on their knowledge of beer, wine and even spirits, which is something you just can't get at supermarkets like Tesco and Morrisons. If you tell them what kind of beers you like they will always find you one to your tastes that you haven't tried before. Sometimes there are a few wines or beers opened for tasting which help you to find something new.  If you are ever in the area and are fancying something other than lager or bog standard red/white wine, take a wee trip in to here and let them open your mind and taste buds to some of the most beautiful beers and wines the world has to offer.
