4 The baths is a historic building that was renovated about 10 years ago. They stripped off all the 1960's crap and restored many of the victorian features. The Turkish Bath is unique in Edinburgh and is so pretty inside. The main pool has a polyfloor, which means that they can play water polo with a overall depth of 2 mts. There is a nice dance studio, gym and you can still get a hot bath here. Portobello Amateur Swimming Club are based here. They have provided Scottish swimming with a few champions.
4 A beautiful Victorian baths right on the sea front. On my first time here the waves were practically breaking over the baths.  There is far more to offer than just the swimming pool and fitness equipment most leisure centres have, although these facilities are to a good standard. The real attraction is the Turkish Baths, this is your chance to return to the pleasures the Romans enjoyed, experience the caldarium, tepidarium and frigidarium. Ending with a good sweat in the steam room.  It's a unique experience, an open lay-out with plenty of space and a wonderfully relaxed atmosphere. This is the ultimate Edinburgh chill-out zone, while the kids play in the pool.
3 The Man and I are big into our sauna/steam rooms.  Ever since a trip to Harrogate's Turkish Baths, we've been hooked.  So, when we discovered that the Portobello Swim Centre had its own mini Turkish bath, we were there in a flash.  As expected, compared to Harrogate, the price was pretty reasonable.  I believe it was £6.50 a head for as long as you like, and you could use the pool as well.    However, also as expected, the facilities certainly weren't as nice.  It's clean and in no way NOT nice, but the warmer spaces were pretty small and even though there weren't many people there, they felt a bit crowded at times.  My biggest issue was the temperature.  There should be a tepid room, a warm room (warm enough to perspire) and a hot room.  Instead the rooms could more accurately be described as tepid, cool and cooler.  The hottest room in the Portobello centre was like with the coolest room in the Harrogate centre.   This meant that, instead of having a steam room and a series of temperature different saunas, the centre just had a steam room and a warm-ish area.    While it was still a nice and relaxing experience, I'm not sure how quickly I would return because I didn't feel it gave the user the full Turkish bath experience.
3 As a kid growing up, I think I was rather spoiled, as I had swimming lessons at Portobello, following up with training at the Commonwealth Pool. As a swimmer, both are generous sized pools, and much more pleasant than the average pool at a gym.   I haven't swam at Portobello in years, but it holds fond memories for me. Of changing in the pseudo Victorian changing stalls (I am not even sure if they still exist or not), the cold showers, and learning how not to sink.   I swear there was an Octopus on the floor too, but that might be my mind playing tricks on me.   Anyway, I can't comment any more as it is all about the reminiscing. I was a pretty soggy kid!  We did visit recently to use the gym facility at Portobello. As part of Edinburgh Leisure, it was definitely the most busy out of the gyms we have used so far. Given it was a week day in January in a busy up and coming town, that probably isn't a surprise. Rather pleasant though... apart from I would prefer individual changing rooms rather than the communal one that is offered... saying that though, it does feel that Portobello has tried to pack in a lot of facilities into one space. I'll go back for sure, but remains to be seen if it feels ultimately too overcrowded or not.   Otherwise, the building is architecturally still fab.
3 A community swimming pool, situated on the Portobello Promenade opening up onto the sea front. Sounds wonderful in and of itself, as a community pool - but the hidden secret at Portobello Swim Centre is its Turkish Baths. Three rooms of varying heat (or four if you include the Frigidarium) and a freezing plunge pool. Something I'd never experienced until last week, but something I would highly recommend.  It was £6.50 entry (I believe having an Edinburgh Leisure Card doesn't get a discount) for full access to the swimming pool, and Turkish Baths. They'll write a number on your band, which is the access code to the Turkish Baths.  The first room was just normal temperature. Almost a little cold in a swim suit. The second was mildly warmer, temperate. Again, not too warm I was thinking... but then the steam room. Well. It might be just warm when you go in, but it's on a 15-minute cycle where it gets hotter / steamier, and then cooler. When it gets to the peak of its heat, it is quite heady; and so steamy you can't see. It is at that moment that the other two rooms, in their tepid warmth, become a comfort!  The way to do it is build up the heat room to room, then sit for a wee while in the steam room. Immediately after, take a warm shower to wash away the sweat, and then take a plunge in the freezing cold plunge pool. I couldn't bear to do this, so instead ducked under a freezing cold shower. It still had the same effect - your chest tightens, you get light-headed and you feel a little out of sorts. But it is wonderful for your circulation, a detox, and your health in general. It's also recommended you do this cycle serveral times - taking at least 90 minutes for the whole experience with a swim thrown in too.  The facilities themselves look a little scaffy in points. Cheap plastic deck chairs (the type you'd put a cushion on in the garden), and quite a small steam room. I imagine it could get really busy and there wouldn't be enough room for everyone to sit at peak hours.  But given its the only facility of its kind I know of in Edinburgh, and it was a wonderful experience itself, I will definitely return and perhaps make it a bi-monthly thing to do. Word of warning; despite that you're not doing much, I recommend going on an empty-ish stomach (heat + full tummy is not cool) and as a result, you might come out quite starving and weak (low blood sugar). So take light snacks for after, and drink LOTS of water!
4 The gym had a refurb last year & although it's smaller than the one at Meadowbank, it's got a good selection of machines & i've never had any trouble getting on anything on the odd occasion I've ventured in. I have to confess that I've never ventured into the pool despite being the owner of an Edinburgh Leisure membership for the last 2.5 years....  The building itself is lovely & old. it's fair to say that some bits have withstood the test of time better than others.  The best thing about it though is the cafe on the first floor. It's at the front, has lots of windows making it light & airy & more importantly, gives great views of the beach. I love sitting up there with a pot of tea & a freshly baked scone watching the waves crash onto the beach.   They serve generous portions of the brekkie stuff.  Their bacon rolls are generously stuffed & very filling, scrambled eggs are fluffy & come piled high on mounds of toast but my favourite is their home baking. I'm a sucker for a good scone. They do fab scones which are always fresh from the oven. Perfect after a run along the Prom. In fact their scones are the reason I run along the Prom. There's nothing like the promise of a reward to make me get out of bed on a Saturday morning & go for a run.
