4 Lothian buses is great for getting round the city.Usually whereever you go,you can always see lothian buses.They come at good times and start early in the morning until late at night.The bus drivers are friendly and the buses are modern and comfy.
4 Having no car, my best option of travel within Edinburgh is Lothian Buses.  £1.20 gets you anywhere in Edinburgh on their routes, how great is that? But when I moved to Edinburgh it was £1, and two years before that it was 80p so I imagine it will go up to £1.30 soon enough.   Lothian Buses go just about everywhere in Edinburgh and the services are pretty regular. There is the handy bus tracker at most bus stops which gives an estimate of how long your bus will be. Watch it though because some times it lies. I always stand at the bus stop waiting, waiting, waiting for my Lothian Bus as 3 First buses go by heading in the same direction but for some reason I just can't get on one.   The bus drivers are generally pretty grumpy although can be helpful. I would probably be grumpy too if I had to drive a Lothian Bus given some of the crap they have to put up with. By crap I mean the Neds which frequent most Lothian buses and engage in activities ranging from smoking, playing tinny tunes on their mobile phone for everyone to hear, abusing other passengers, peeing (yes sometimes they ask you to move so they can pee, sometimes they wont ask you to move), groping each other or fighting. As long as you avoid the top deck of the bus then you should avoid that.  Overall Lothian Buses are great for getting you in and around Edinburgh at a cheap price and fairly quickly. Thanks to those pesky tram works they run a bit slower than in the past. But Lothian buses go to pretty much every major attraction in Edinburgh and they are super easy to use.
5 Why doesn't every other city employ the same fare system as Lothian Buses! This question I have repeatedly asked myself when travelling across Edinburgh using the Lothian bus service. With a set fare of £1.20 for a single and £3 for a day ticket (Adult prices), regardless of distance, Lothian buses is a great alternative to a comparatively expensive taxi.  The recent implementation of an electronic times and expected arrival board (present at nearly all bus stops in Edinburgh) is yet another convenient and easy method for using this already great service.
5 Apart from a slightly hairy episode outside Edinburgh Airport where I swear I smelt gin on the driver's breath, I've got to hand it to Lothian buses. Compared to the First Bus efforts that operate elsewhere, their carriages are positively luxurious, and I'm especially fond of the natty tartan seats. At only £1.30 a pop as well, it's actually significantly cheaper than the rival option.  Due to the lack of a suburban rail network, bus travel in Edinburgh doesn't have the stigma it does in other cities. Here, actual human beings who are economically active use this form of transport, and while you'll still be sharing breathing space with a few crackheads and shoplifters on your journey, a Lothian bus isn't actually a bad way to travel at all.
4 Lothian Buses are probably the most affordable way for getting around the City other than walking. For 1.20 one way or else 3 pound daily pass you can go to most places of Edinburgh.   The electronic times screen whenever found at a bus stop is a blessing, as you cannot rely on their scheduled times- I have waited for the number 5 bus for ages and then 3 come in a row!  So yay for electronic machine things.   Also they run until 12am, and then the night buses start. These do not go to as many places or as frequently but they still provide a cheap and safe alternative ride home after a night out.   I would strongly suggest checking out their website for a particular service you may want, as not all operate 7 days a week or as frequently.   What's funny about the Lothian buses is the variety of clientèle using them - from the well-to-do Morningside ladies to the Neds abusing public property this bus service has seen them all. Which probably explains the often grumpy drivers, particularly towards the end of the working day.
5 I feel rather pleased that the citizens of Edinburgh have such a fine public transport system provided by the good folks at Lothian Buses. Admittedly I don't catch the bus very often, but when I do I really can't fault them. The prices are cheap; you only pay one price to travel any distance and the day saver is great if you plan on catching more than two in a day. The drivers are mostly friendly and pleasant, I have that old lady habit of saying 'thank you driver' when I alight and they always give me a smile back. I never have to wait very long for one to come along either, so I reckon they must mostly run on time. Plus, the airport link and occasionally some random ones have wifi. Brilliant.
4 As far as public transport goes, Lothian buses really are pretty good. You never have to wait especially long for one, and they have those handy little digital screens at every single stop to tell you how long until the next one arrives. I was reading on one of their posters he other day that they've even brought out an application for iPones so you can time it so you arrive at the stop just before your bus is due... but let's be honest, that's a bit sad.  The prices are the best thing about them, as you ony pay £1.20 flat rate to go anywhere. Although, on the subject of prices, this is also my one grumble... you have to have exact change. Full stop. The drivers won't even discuss it either, you have been warned!  Apart from that, Edinburgh's pretty lucky to have Lothian Buses.
5 I hate buses. They are expensive, dirty and dont go where you want them too. Thats why I have a car.  However, I cant afford to keep my car in Edinburgh, and as such I have found myself to be useing more and more public transport.  Buses in Edinburgh are different to other places though - I've noticed that the Lothian buses are clean, cheap (£1,20 ANYWHERE in the city and outside of it too) and more importantly, they go everywhere. There isnt anywhere you cant get on Lothian buses - and within a relativly short time too, they show up all the time, which is handy.  If all buses were like this, I would reconsider my opinion on buses.
4 Us Weegies used to gloat at our bus services compared to those in the Burgh. I remember when I wee wondering at how expensive the buses in Edinburgh were compared to our glowing orange, ramshackle ones. Even though the paint was peeling and the seats smelled foosty, Glasgow used to have a good reputation for affordable transport.  Not anymore.  Now, it costs me £1.50 to get into town in Glasgow when it's a 15 minute walk! And the prices creep up monthly, it seems. Sorry, I need to remember I'm not reviewing Glasgow buses - pardon me. I guess what I'm trying to say is, Lothian buses are so much more affordable than First bus! Clean, spacious and punctual, the bus drivers of Auld Reekie seem less grumpy than their Weegie buds, not to mention more helpful when you're looking for directions.   As for tickets, £1.20 to get you from one side of the city to another is fantastic. It's like the recession hardly happened! And £3 for an all day in a capital city is amazing. Not even the grumpiest old man could be disgruntled by how affordable that is. All routes seem to be teeming with buses as well, and no matter where you're going the vehicles are well signed (generally the front of the bus will tell you its main stopping points before its last destination).  Regular, affordable and well looked after, Lothian buses have you covered! As well as providing good transport for locals, they are easy for tourists to work out as far as I can see - which is more than can be said of Glasgow's services in comparison.
4 We have a really good and pretty extensive bus service in Edinburgh, hence the constant cry from people that like to whinge a lot, when they're talking about the trams, along the lines of "Why do we need all this tram disruption and chaos when we have a perfectly decent bus service?" etc etc. To be honest, we're getting the trams now, and that's that, so I think all the moaners should really move on to something else. Although I know the trams have affected people's businesses, so I'm not trying to be insensitive.  Anyway, this review is not about the trams, so back to the buses. I jump on a bus nearly every day into town, of which there are loads from where I live, and I can zoom into town in about 5 mins sometimes. No issues with Lothian buses really, Edinburgh's small anyway so you can always get to where you want to go, plus you can get a day ticket for £3, pretty reasonable if you're intending on doing a lot of travelling.
4 Buses are for two groups of people - the people who know where they're going and the tourists who know nothing about the city or how to get from A to B.  Since I fall in the second group for Edinburgh, I can say that I was at first a little bit confused and slightly lost. That cleared up very quickly once I was directed to the Lothian office near Waverley Bridge. A friendly and helpful clerk (who must deal with people like me day-in and day-out) was able to explain the day ticket (£3? All day? Yes.) and provide me with a map of the bus routes. Five minutes later, I was waiting at my stop and five minutes after that, I was in the front row of a double-decker on the way to my destination.  The bus ticket is surprisingly simple and very clever. I purchased three, as I'm here three days. Each one has a series of scratch offs for the day, month and year. You just scratch off the right date and you're good to go. Nice.  The buses I've ridden have been clean and prompt. While the ride may be speedy, the roads are a little bumpy. I think my driver yesterday actually missed one of the drains! They also have an iPhone app (jeez, there's an app for everything!) so you can find the nearest stop and when the bus is due to arrive.
4 As an outsider, I hate to get involved in an issue as sensitive to residents of any city anywhere as public transport.  The Lothian Buses did everything I needed to them to do.  Reliable, inexpensive (if you have the day pass) and drivers alerted me when we neared the stop I wanted.  The view from the upper deck was a lagniappe.
5 Sometimes it's only when you see how crappy everywhere else has it that you realise how great the transport in your city actually is.  Recent forays to other cities with uncomfortable, over expensive, unreliable and overcrowded buses has made me even more appreciative of our reliable red and white behemoths.   Always (mostly) on time, the buses prove themselves reliable enough for you to be able to memorise the timetable and be fairly certain when they're coming - in any case the trackers at the stops and the rather excellent bus app (for those with iphones and androids) let you know where you need to be and how long you're going to wait.  The various passes prove themselves to be excellent value for money for those living in and around the city - in fact I was amazed when heading to other cities (*cough* Manchester *cough*) that they don't even offer monthly subscriptions. £45 per month by direct debit gets you unlimited access to all the buses in and around the city - the coverage network is great and it's reassuring to know that no matter where in Edinburgh I might end up on my ridiculous adventures, I'm never too far away from a ride back to the city.  For those visiting Edinburgh, the flat fee no change given thing might be slightly confusing, but does offer good value for money when venturing across or out of the city.  Even the night coverage is great (if a little expensive) but will still be cheaper than a taxi if you're travelling alone.  All in all Lothian buses are an integral part of what makes Edinburgh great for me and something that I'll sorely miss should I ever decide to leave here - for all those locals who like to complain about their public transport; take a trip to another city and then see how you feel about these guys...
4 This is the main reason why Edinburgh doesn't need a tram service. LRT is an award winning bus service, will the trams exist? Ah, well, we'll see. I have noticed that there seems to be an upsurge in politeness in passengers, is this a result of the tram debacle? I've also witnessed a driver thanking customers as they leave (No26) and drivers paying children's fares from their own pockets (No11/?). There aren't many places in Edinburgh that aren't served well by LRT and a Day Saver at £3.20 seems a bit of a bargain if you need to visit many places in a day. The bus trackers at most stops are very helpful and even better is the smart phone app that can give you time instead of queuing up too early. My only gripe is that some drivers seem to think that when it's raining the temperature suddenly drops and that they need to put the heating on full blast, like the blast heaters when you go into some shops...but that's another matter. PS and there are the new ECO buses on the No 10 route!
1 After using this shower even walking through the worst of Scottish winters seems more apealling.  I've witnessed a driver at the Gyle refuse to let a gay couple on the bus simply because they were holding hands, complaints were made but that driver is still to be seen on the buses large as life and twice as nasty.  The seating is often awful, so crampt that I have to sit angled with my knees poking into the walkway. How hard is it to apply some fabric freshener to the upholstry? I smelt nicer odours when our spetic tank backed up!  I do wish the drivers would tak the care they are meant to and not speed off when a number of people are still climbing the stairs. On one occassion this happened and several of us got knocked flying and I received most colourful bruising as a result.  Even as you try to escape one of their vehicles you are not safe. On one occassion the doors were closed without checking resulting in my arm getting trapped and the contents of my bags being smashed. This was caught on their cameras but I did not even get an apology.
1 PART 1:  My apologies now for the rant you're about to endure, however when I saw the average rating of LRT Buses was 4.5 stars I told myself I couldn't let this madness go on any longer.  Having used LRT consistently for the past 15 years, the only other consistent that has remained prominent over this time is one single solitary burning question...  Why oh why didn't I learn to drive sooner?  Yes, LRT has won numerous awards for best public transport provider and many of the reviews here praise their strength in numbers. But that is just one aspect of what makes a customer-facing business like this a successful one. What about customer service? What about communication? What about consideration for the elderly and disabled? I've seen women thrown to the floor on LRT buses, shopping bags scattering due to the driver's impatient driving.  So LRT boasts an impressively massive fleet, which I agree is a plus... if you use the 22 or 26 routes, because that is where the bulk of their number resides, popping up a little over every 5 minutes. There are also the mid-range routes such as 3, 29, 33 and 7, you're talking every 10-15 minutes at best. But if you're waiting on the 8 or the 15 or any of the other limited routes not deemed worthy enough by LRT... heaven help ya!  Back when I used to travel from Little France (the new Infirmary to the townies) to Cannonmills via the number 8, the bus was late more often than not. On more than one occasion I waited 45 minutes for the next one. This is a bus that should turn up every 15 minutes...!  Strength in numbers. That'll win you awards. Especially when the only local competition is First Buses who service a grand total of about 4 routes.  LRT's new innovation are these new Bus Trackers that tell you when the bus is due. Genius really, a masterstroke... if you have no concept of time! These Trackers have been the reason for the longest 2 minutes of my life on far too regular a basis. 2 minutes my eye! The way the Tracker works is it defaults 2 minutes between every stop with a Tracker. So when it says "Due", it really means the bus is at the next prior stop with a Tracker and will take as long as it takes to get from one t'other. A lot can - and evidently does - happen between two bus stops. This erratic manipulation of time in turn compounds the LRT Bus Tracker App, in theory their greatest asset, if only five minutes was actually five minutes.  Also on that note, yes the Tracker is giving you a good idea of when to expect the bus... but is anyone checking the timetable to see if said bus is actually on time in the first place?  But it's none of the above that gets my goat the most. LRT's shining light in their smorgasbord of failings is, without question, the collection of reprobates they recruit to man their fleet. Ask me if the driver who caused the woman to fall got out of his booth to help her. Ask me if the driver who was 30 minutes late offered an apology or even an excuse as to his lateness.  These are but two examples of some of the worst customer service I've ever known, but my entire adult life - from age 15 to now - has been laced with shoddy service from arrogant, sarcastic, unrelenting and unhelpful idiots who call themselves bus drivers.  Oh where shall I begin:  Exhibit A: The Polish Family  Coming home from football, the bus stopped outside a Morrisons supermarket and let on a Polish couple with their young son, potential Christmas present in hand and happy as Larry with his new toy. While the husband fished for change in his pockets, the wife got on and sat down, plonking her two large bags of shopping on the floor; the husband had two further heavy bags of goods. The driver waited patiently. After the husband had already thrown in a pound or so, he ran out of change and asked the driver how much he was due. When the driver told him the man asked if the driver had change. Now every LRT stalwart will know how much of a faux pas this is as the buses - correction; LRT - don't give change. This Polish chap however, could be forgiven for not knowing this. The driver, in his bluntest, most unhelpful tone, declared "I don't give change" and shrugged off the man's broken English and his very presence. With nothing left being offered him, the man called to his wife to get back off the bus, at which point I intervened and donated £2 to their cause. More to get one up on the driver than to do a good deed. He wouldn't let the couple away with what was probably less than £1; I mean it wasn't like there hadn't been probably dozens of people throughout the day plopping in 70p extra because they didn't have the exact £1.30 fare. But he would happily have taken the £2 the man had already put into the fare metre.  END OF PART 1.  (PART 2: http://www.yelp.co.uk/topic/edinburgh-lothian-buses-review-part-2)  And continuous rantings and ravings:  http://www.yelp.co.uk/topic/edinburgh-lrt
4 As an outsider from the States, I find the using the  Lothian Buses is a good way to wander around the city. For about £3 I get to travel all around the city and get around. The buses are cleaner and newer than ones in Boston and NYC (but who aren't though?). Bus-drivers are mostly friendly and helpful. I just walk on the main streets, hop on a bus and then let the buses do the work.  One problem I did have is to figure out the schedules. Maps at the bus stands are hard tp figure out on the fly, especially if you want to go to a specific place. I would recommend asking other people first.  Despite all that, I thank the bus system for taking me to places in Edinburgh, making the city much more accessible.
1 It wouldn't hurt if the bus drivers got some lessons in customer service and learned some manners! There are a rare few that are nice but that's it.  they need a lot more training i think!
2 always add extra time for the bus to arrive. do not trust the time indicators! 10min is about 20 min or so..
4 Pretty good service. The buses generally run on time and drivers are usually very nice. They do a tough job and for the most part they do it without a lot of fuss. They will not give you directions but they can tell you which stop is closest for a well-known place and I have even seen them give me a shout when it was the stop they knew I wanted. I've lived in a lot of cities and none of them had this good a service. The bus app for iPhone is useful. As a general rule, if  you are going to use the bus more than twice in a day, get the day ticket.
4 Very good service. I've never noticed more than one minute of delay during my week in Edinburgh.  I've read some complaints, here, about the alleged rudeness of the drivers, because they don't reply with a smile to the passengers' query. Well, I come from a nation where it's simply forbidden to talk to the drivers and I can easily understand why. Driving in the city traffic is such a stressful effort, when I make it by my own car, that I can't imagine how hard it can be to think also to the dimensions, the doors, the passengers, the stops, the clock...I've never thought to say them more than a "thanks". I studied the Lothian Buses system before to jump in for the first time. I learned about the "precise change" rule and collected it in time. Just a few minutes to get a map at the tourists information office, was the well deserved price for one week of comfortable trips.  I liked more the two floor buses, that offer a beautiful view over the city attractions, at a very low cost (£ 3,5 for a whole day ticket), compared with the touristic coaches. It has been easy to reach also some places far from the city centre, like Cramond Village or the Ocean Terminal.  Really a very good value for money.
4 Have had to use LRT for a few days (no transport) . Got times of buses I needed to use from their web site and went to the stop 5 mins early ( just in case I missed it ) Always end up waiting 5 mins , get on / pay fare £1.50 /sit down and check time on my ticket. Which has always been +/-- 1 minute from time table. How do they do it ??? Oh , and the Night Service is a real bargain.£3.50 from Penicuik to Crewe Toll !!!
5 I have always suffered from bus anxiety. How do I know which number to get? Which is my stop? How do I plan a route? What will the fare be?  I love Edinburgh and I don't want to leave, but above all, I don't ever want to have to deal with a bus service that isn't Lothian Buses ever again. Let me put you in the picture. I lived in a tiny rural Yorkshire village ten minutes' drive from the nearest town. There were six buses there per day and the return fare was more than £6, varying depending which bit of the town you wanted to get off at.  Lothian Buses make EVERYTHING easy. Going somewhere, madam? £1.50. Coming back, madam? Another £1.50. Going to be doing lots of journeys today, madam? £3.50 day ticket. Boom. Pricing sorted.  Where are you going today, madam? Check the app. This is your bus stop. These are the services that will take you there. This is when they are due, and how long each journey will take. This is the stop you need to get off at. Some of our buses even have screens, madam, to tell you which stop you are approaching, so that you will know it is time to get off.  And can we also talk about the fact that they run on time? Yep, they run on time. They go everywhere and they run on time. And if you don't have the correct change for your fare, you can buy a magical e-ticket through the app so you can just wave your phone at the driver. Kaboom.  Lothian Buses are proof that it's possible to run an efficient, timely service at excellent value to the ticket-buyer. Hooray!
4 I've been a casual user of the buses for a few years, but I now have to commute to work and recently purchased a Ridacard. Man, unlimited travel is really good.  There's plenty of bus stops everywhere in Edinburgh, sometimes as close to just 100yds apart in hilly areas. Services are very frequent on the busy corridors (8 minutes). It can sometimes get caught in traffic in areas without bus lanes or in Princes Street but the extent of the network and the frequency of service is fantastic for a city the size of Edinburgh.  A couple of things: no night services on the 23/27 corridor from Canonmills to Tollcross; that could come in handy. Some areas don't have so many bus stops (Marchmont anyone?). Also some routes popular with students don't have a bus alternative when the weather is bad, thinking about Haymarket - Dalry - Gorgie to Merchiston - Morningside for example. You have to connect in the City Centre which is long so you'll take the 30 minute walk in the rain any time... Also an "Oyster" type of prepaid card that automatically caps at £3.50 after 3 journeys thus avoiding thinking whether to take a single or day ticket would be great - Ridacard can be too expensive for some users and the m-tickets never solved that problem.  Apart from that, really impressive. On par or even better than some bus services in similar-sized French cities. And miles better than privatised bus services elsewhere in Scotland (First? Are you listening?)
