2 I've been here a few times but never really happy with service or food. It's just plain and boring food. Just the usual pub grub nothing really cries out. Picked different things off menu every time I've been and nothing really satisfies me. Last time service was really loud. Just puts me off. Maybe I'm just spoilt for choice but I'd choose others above this.
2 The Laird & Dog Inn is situated in the picturesque hamlet of Lasswade, a rather quaint little area with a 20 minute bus journey into the city centre (according to their web site) and is a "Maclay" Inn. It's a member of CAMRA and also has the "Cask Marque" sign on the wall, so, you're assured of great quality, Real Cask Ale. The inn has 11 en suite bedrooms) and serves food from 8am thru 9pm (it opens at 7am).  I went for their Gourmet Beef Burger with Caramelised Red Onion, Monterey Jack Cheese and washed it down with a pint of St. Andrews Clock Brew.  The Burger was cooked just right (at my request) and was very tasty. The "Classic Burger sauce" (with the burger inside the bun) was the perfect accompaniment. The "Chips" were rather over cooked for my liking (they were far from fresh). I wouldn't say they were tough, but they could easily have been used as nails on a coffin lid. Also, the dip that came with the chips had been sitting around for a while as it has an all too evident skin on top. I tasted the dip once, very bland.  The Beer was perfectly poured with just a tiny head on it, delicious, hoppy and chocolatey.  The service was, er, prompt. The folk who work here are way, way too reserved, not rude, just reserved and have a real need of a sense of humour and should at least try to smile.  One glaring error I just have to mention, cleanliness is not an option, but, a crucial, née vital necessity. The table decoration was a clear glass bowl with glass pebbles and the top of a flower, it was beyond grubby and dirty. I would not like to guess when it was last cleaned. Also, I had asked to move tables due to the air con being too strong. One of the staff had an (evidently dirty) tea towel hanging from his belt, he just grabbed that and gave the most casual of swishes to the table (no spray was used), very unhygienic indeed, there was no telling where that tea towel had been before, or, what it had been used for.  The menu is, weird and seemed to be a hash of several menus from different decades, nothing really gelled, or made much sense.  I found it all one huge anticlimax really as I was hoping to give at least a cheerful 3 star rating, alas, it was not meant to be.  This is one place I won't be returning to.
