5 Recently used Man with a Van to move furniture.Excellent,friendly,efficient and fair priced service.Team were on time,friendly and had me moved with ease.Moving is stressful but Man with a van made it so easy.Highly recommend them :)
4 I've used Man With A Van twice in the past week: once to move corporate items into storage, and once to move flat. Both times the service was great, the only downside being they were 40 minutes late when moving flat. But given that when they did move me, it was an incredibly quick and pain-free process, it was still a great service.  It was £40 for one hour with one man and one van, and then £50 for one hour with one van and two men. The first time around I went down to the Safestore in the van, and then was given a lift back up to my flat again rather than get a taxi. The second time when moving flat, the two very muscular and strong men just said "leave it to us" and moved everything quickly, efficiently, with no scratches or bumps, and then unloaded everything into a second floor flat if possible even quicker. Rocky Balboa eat your heart out, these guys and their biceps were impressive!  Good prices, friendly guys, no scratching or bumping, friendly and happy to let them into my home and handling all my personal items. Apart from being 40 minutes late, I couldn't fault them!
5 Cannot recommend highly enough!  Joe and I moved flat last weekend and although we moved most of our stuff ourselves, we hired the man with a van for an hour (one man and one van) on Saturday morning. We needed help moving our bed and other larger items of furniture. The man and his van arrived right on time and worked very fast and efficiently for the full hour resulting in a van load of stuff safely transported from our old flat to the new flat.  I have nothing but positive feedback for this company and I will recommend to all of my friends to use them.  Next time we move (in many years time) we'll definitely use them again and for longer!
5 5 stars service, very professional.  Very easy communication, easy to contact, as I was given a direct contact of the person who was moving us. They spoke to me the night before and also sent me a text 10 minutes before their arrival as well.   All our boxes were taken into their brand new and very spacious car in no time. They were really quick to move the things to our new address.  All things were handled with care and attention to what I was commenting. They were so kind and even helped me to move a very heavy old TV inside the old house to its original place. Also take into account that it was a very short notice! Good value for money. I am really happy with the service we received. It couldn't be better. I can definitely recommend this company!  Thank you, guys!
5 Highly recommend. Sent two men and the van to move three large pieces of furniture. Phoned to say they were behind schedule, which was appreciated. Moved the items efficiently and were courteous and polite. No damage caused to items or house. Cost £60 which I felt was fair and had been quoted more by another company. Will use again . Thanks
