5 Much like Lush, as soon as you walk into The Soap Company you are overwhelmed by all the different smells from the different soap bars, lotions and other bath time potions.  Everything is beautifully laid out and organised and when I popped in there were people delicately picking up the soaps, holding them about 6 inches away and taking a gentle whiff. I'm not so delicate so proceeded to pick up all the soaps and just get right in there for a sniff - can't take me anywhere.  They have block soaps, soaps with bits of flowers in them, bath gels, shampoos and gift sets which are excellent for presents. Most of the gift sets are around the £20 mark which is reasonable for all the smellies you get inside. I fell in love with a gorgeous jasmine gift set but can't really justify treating myself to a box of soaps.  All of the soaps are made with natural ingredients so you won't find any horrible chemicals that might break out your baby soft skin. I left with a red rose scented block of soap for my mum who loves all things rose and it's now sitting in our bathroom for display and I can tell you that the whole bathroom smells of sweet roses. Lovely.
5 A shop that's bubbling over with pleasant smells and colourful products, the Soap Co goes for the classical style of soap branding (think of Pears and Dove) but it's combined with the modern ethic of using natural ingredients in their products!  Coloured in toned down shades and packed with components that actually prove to be good for you, the Soap Co's soaps have a nice warm, musky aroma. They have everything, from aloe products sure to wake you up to spicy smelling bath soaps. They also sell ranges of liop balm and body lotion if one wishes to pamper oneself for a night (men included, since they do a masculine range!)  For gifts and for you, the Soap Co sell high quality, well made body lotions. Organic and homemade, although you'll be paying a little extra than what you would on the high street, your skin will thank you later. I hate to compare it to Lush because their traditional style has a totally different appeal, but in terms of ethic and choice between products it's on a par. Lovely jubbly.
4 It smells nice.  It's inexpensive.  It makes a sly dig at the recipient's personal hygiene.  And this is yet another place where you can pick up gifts for any menopausal women who make it onto your Xmas gift-buying list.
5 The Soap Company offers the most wonderfully smelly wares!    Lotions, bath salts, soaps of all varieties - we loaded up on gifts for ourselves and others not fortunate enough to be there with us  Got some great Lavender lotions & soaps for Sis & me.  Mom opted for some lemonny-smelly soaps  Veggie, local, & organic!!  The displays were open & inviting; sampling encouraged; staff was as friendly as could be!  Definitely worth a stop!
