4 Reverie is a huge improvement on the old Wine Glass, which really felt like it hadn't changed in forever. Friendly staff and a very relaxed atmosphere, it feels quite airy and fresh inside. Good fast service too.    I haven't tried the food yet, but will revisit soon to see what it's like.
4 Popped in here after dining at The Wild Elephant as it's close by & I'd failed to get in the last few times due to it being popular mid-week through a lively amount of entertainment (quiz on Mondays and Blues and Jazz on other nights, all which seem well attended).    Good cheery atmosphere about the place so myself & my party were well content to see out the rest of the night there.
4 In all of the years that I have walked past Reverie on my way to other bars, it has struck me that this place never seems to be without customers. There is always people sitting in the big window booths relaxing, eating, drinking and simply watching the world go by.  The reason for this is simple - Reverie is the perfect place to do those things. The food is excellent (the burgers being a particular hit), the easy going atmosphere lends itself to a place where people go to relax and unwind after work, and the bar is well stocked and unexpectedly cheap. There was also a live band playing in the corner while we were there and this added greatly to the general hubbub of the Reverie.  The Reverie therefore has earned its notoriety as being a bar that is always full.
3 This place confuses me. Is it an old-mans-pub or is it a student - friendly live folk and jazz sort of place?  I think it depends with the night. On weekdays it is more subdued, with an old man's -pub feel to it, whilst weekends it turns into a quite popular younger crowd destination, with live music and performances. There's a full bar and they also serve food but I have yet to try it. It has a pretty cool layout, of a central bar going around a semicircle set of tables and sofas- a very laid back atmosphere.  When there's live music it tends to get quite chaotic, and the music can vary, from folk to jazz.
4 Newington's not exactly reknowned for it's amazing array of top-notch pubs. In fact, to be perfectly honest a lot of them are absolute dives.  That's why The Reverie is such a breath of fresh air. For a start, there are no toothless, drunk geriatrics slurring at no-one in particular from the doorway at 11am, which is more can be said for the next pub along the street. In fact, this place is classy and elegant yet still has a comfortable, relaxed feel to it.  Their live music nights are particularly popular. Tuesdays is their folk night, but my personal favourite is their Jazz Night on alternate Sundays - it's a great place to go for a few chilled drinks to round off your weekend before monday morning comes back around again.  The drinks aren't massively cheap, but at the same time the sheer selection and variety of what's available makes up for it: I'm not a huge malt whisky drinker, but if you are then there are almost 60 different ones in stock.   If you're going for food, I'd definitely recommend their Homemade Pie of the Day. The fillings change based on what's in season, so you know it's always fresh, and you can't get much better than a home-made pie for comfort food.
4 The Reverie Bar is a great place to go to for a drink or for a meal. Although it calls itself a bar, it is more similar to a pub inside. It is nothing like most of the bars I have been to Edinburgh which are full of dirty old men, as this one has a much younger clientele - most of the people who go here are students. This could be down to the fact that the first years accommodation is only a few minutes walk away. There is a great atmosphere in this pub, it is very modern and tastefully decorated inside.   The Reverie Bar does everything - it has a full bar, sells great food, has live music and does pub quiz's which have great prizes. One of the best aspects of The Reverie is that it has free WiFi inside so it is great place to take your laptop and catch up on some work whilst having a drink and some lunch. They serve the traditional pub food such as curries, fish and chips and burgers which are cost effective as most main meals are under five pounds. They have a 'build your own burger' which is fun as they have a wide selection of different toppings, cheeses and sauces so you can get precisely what you want.
4 Although I've not been to Reverie in the evening I can certainly confirm that their lunch time food is excellent and very well priced.  Their menu is excellent with a wide range of sandiwches, pies, fishcakes and an ever-changing soup of the day.  None of it is particularly cheap and most mains cost around £7.50, but I can assure of the quality.  Their burgers have to be the star attraction of the lunch menu.  They let you 'build your own' which is a great idea and lets you choose either a steak or bean burger and then throw a cheese and topping of your choice on top.  I personally recommend the steak burger with bacon and tomato chutney which filled me up on several afternoons last year.  Again, it doesnt come that cheap and costs around £6.50, but it's well worth it. Reverie also does a popular quiz night and is always busy on any given evening.  Well worth a look no matter what you're after.
1 Update  March 2013 Took my mum here for a second try during lunchtime on a quiet Friday and yet again I had to return the food! My mum ordered steak pie which literally had four small pieces of meat with the rest being carrots and some other veg. The pastry was cold and just plunked at the side of the plate. T'was neither steak nor pie! (see pic) My fish and chips was also a very small portion. For what they are charging it's a total rip off which is why it's only tourists who eat in there mostly. They won't be getting a third opportunity. The Abbey which is yards along the road give bigger and better portions for half the price. Avoid. I decided to take my mum here for some food because it did look nice whenever I glanced from the bar at peoples plates in the small dining area. I ordered pork, black pudding and apple mash with a nice jus (see pics) and my mum ordered fish and chips but it wasn't the best experience.. We waited nearly an hour for our dishes and the only other people who ordered food actually had ordered after us, were served before us and even finished their food before we had our meals. To make matters worse my mothers chips were quite clearly reheated chips as they were soggy, greasy and limp so she asked if they would take them away and make new ones. If you look at the pic, you can see that they scrimped on the fish too. The waitress was very good and took care of it and within minutes, my mum was given very tasty proper chips which made me wonder why they didn't just do that in the first place. Overall the food was not bad but certainly wasn't worth the wait. The fact that the menu was more akin to a restaurant in price and what they offered, made it all seem like an anti climax.
4 Reverie is an interesting place.  We headed here after a delectible meal in Los Argentinos, and it was packed.  I'd not been properly out on a Friday night in months so I was actually surprised to see a place so busy, but then of course that should be expected of a good bar.   Fortunately, it also has a nice little seating area which is normally reserved for people ordering food, but we'd arrived just after the dinner hour so were able to snag a nice cozy table for two.   Despite being busy, the wait for drinks was never long, and they had Aspall on tap, which gets a big thumbs up from me.  Live entertainment started at probably about 10, which was ok, but I felt that it possibly wasn't appropriate for a weekend.  The bar was full and loud enough without them, and they were taking up valuable patron space.    To be honest, my review is a bit hazy because the whole experience was overshadowed by the fact that The Man proposed to me while we were here.  So there could have been a huge brawl and the drinks could all have been green, but I never would have noticed.    I should probably go for another visit to get a proper opinion of the place, but at the moment my brain is clouded with "I'MGETTINGMARRIEDOMG" and for that reason, Reverie will always hold a special wee corner of my heart.
4 I often find that when a really awful bar gets taken over, changes its name and gets a lick of paint, its still the exact same underneath (mainly the clientèle) and I have to admit this is what I feared for the "The Reverie" when it came to be.  I worked at a bar in the same area as this for years, and the "The Wine Glass" was where the people I chucked out went, and the few times I did venture in, it was a less that pleasant experience.  Years later, this became "The Reverie" and have to admit that my pre-conceived ideas put me off until fairly recently when a friend "dragged" me along and showed me just what a great place this is, and is now my first choice for a pint in the Newington area.   There is a touch of sophistication to the reverie, but not be be confused with pretentiousness.  With old fashioned seats and large tables that cater to big a small groups, and a laid back atmosphere that make it a genuinely enjoyable place to spend time.  Its not cheap, but they have a great range of drinks, malts in particular, and even though its close to £4 a pint, they manage to make their Heinieken taste better than anywhere else.  I can only assume that it's a high standard quality control and good cleaning of the systems, but its really worth the extra 20p you would exact to pay for a pint in this type of place.  The food here is also great, not a massive menu but relatively simple food done well and at a reasonable price.  The real gem of this place though is the music, with live music on (i think) 7 nights a week, ranging from acoustic, to folk, to jazz.  Most of the time its there as background noise, that could easily be talked over, but equally people go there to watch these exceptionally talented musicians.   On my last visit, I was lucky enough to have a folk group (guitars, fiddles, accordions etc) having a jam in the corner, which is just about the most enjoyable way to spend a quiet drink with a few friends.  If you are in this area and want somewhere that you can really 'enjoy' a drink, I highly recommend that you check The Reverie out.
4 Wow, Reverie was a revelation.  I has always thought of it as a wee bit naff. I think because it used to be the Wine Glass (I think?) and is on a corner with big windows ... I don't know, but I was unfair. We went there tonight because the Cask and Barrel was full and it looked warm - and it's actually a lovely place! Cosy, lots of dark wood and plants and nice little tables, a couple of decent beers on tap, great staff, lots of candles.  And - here's the kicker. They had a live band, and I didn't run for the door. I really don't like live music in a bar when I'm to trying to have a conversation. But this was good! A nice Scottish fiddle-y, folk music-y band. The bagpipes got a bit overloud at points but generally it was a pleasure to listen to while still being able to talk.
4 I go past this bar every day on my way to work. There are some great deals in the window (two lunch courses for £8, three for £10 - buckets of mussels and skinny fries starting at £6 etc) so I finally made an appearance at the weekend and really enjoyed my visit.  The bar has a wooden, cosy vibe. For some reason I thought it felt a wee bit French (why?). A chandelier hangs over the bar, which looks particularly well stocked with whiskey and other boozy delights. As I was in for lunch I didn't get tucked in to the alcoholic options and instead opted for a £6.90 cheese burger with fries.   The burger was extremely yummy. It came with a good lathering of cheese, dill pickles (YES!) and greenery. As a minor moan, the skinny fries were a little bit on the pale side for me, but still perfectly edible. Overall I really enjoyed my grub - was very tasty.   The service was also brilliant. The lovely waiter even took 10% off the total cost of the meal as we'd gone in for the lunch special and it wasn't on.  There's a very nice, relaxed atmosphere. Huge windows to people watch, coffees, desserts, booze, burgers. Thumbs up.  I think this bar might be a wee bit of a secret because although it was pleasantly full, I've never heard anyone ever talk about this place. Well worth a visit.
4 I was last at the Reverie exactly a year ago for my friends birthday and since we like it so much, she decided to make a return visit. I'm very glad we did.   We popped in for a pre-dinner drink the last time, but decided to make it our dinner venue for this occasion and we weren't disappointed by the menu.   There was a wide selection on offer and some of the starters came as main courses too. For my choice I started with a tasty starter portion of beetroot risotto, followed by an extremely tasty and perfectly cooked sea-bass in 'Bercy' sauce (white wine, dill and shallots...and a quick visit to 'Google' to discover what this unknown sauce was!). My meal was concluded with a delicious Cranachan. So yummy in fact I finished mine and the rest of my friends (she was too full of her burger and fries to finish!). The 3 courses for me cost £19 and it was worth every penny.  As previously mentioned, they do many deals with their menu, and I'd certainly be happy to pop in and partake of their lunch-time deal if I get the chance.  They have a great selection of Malt Whisky, with a 'Malt  of the Month' on special offer. The bar staff were welcoming, friendly and knew their menus and whisky well...they were quite happy to make suggestions and recommendations and were spot on with these.  A very special mention goes to the band who were playing last night.  A quick quiz of the barman informed me they were called 'Citizen' and were a recent addition to the Reveries live music line-up.  We had a great night jiggling in our seats to a wide array of songs from Elvis to Crowed House to Mumford & Sons...I'd happily try to catch them again.  So...in a nut-shell...great atmosphere, food, drink, music and staff...what more could you possibly want!
5 Great selection of ales and whiskey, live music many nights of the week, and the pub menu is quite good.
2 Perhaps I came here on a bad night, but I'm just not on board with the majority in the case of Reverie. Disappointing too as I so wanted to be given it's proximity to Jennie's.  Came here for a lowkey Valentines night for some drinks and burgers. Met by an uber-nervous waiter, we were seated in a great spot by the window.  When the food came I was underwhelmed. Not so much for me - my food was average, nothing more, nothing less - but for Jennie, who ordered the Halloumi Burger. Only it would appear they got 'halloumi topping' confused with what the 'burger' should be. Two measly strips of halloumi on top of a pallid salad, sandwiched between bread that made up twice the percantage of the meal than the filling.  On top of that, the other negative points contributing to this review are the less-than-friendly barstaff, pretty much scowling at every order, if they decided to pay you any attention at all that was. And the band, who didn't even start setting up til after 10:00pm, right around the time we decided to pack it in and leave.  Not even the charmingly bunglesome waiter could rescue the experience.
4 We had Scottish chowder,  Haggis pie,  a chicken burger, and toffee pudding for dessert.  That plus three beers was £45 including tip.   The food was definitely above average for pub fare and our server was amazing.   Very friendly and gave us great recommendations for locals beer and for other noteworthy pubs in town to check out.  This place is also well known for live music throughout the week however we were too early for that nights band.
4 I had been here for coffee and drinks in the past, but it was only yesterday I tried their food for the first time.   Our preferred seating is at the corner close to the traffic lights, where there are small tables (French bistro style) with some stylish chairs (if you're lucky enough, you might get advantage of the arm chair!!). That sitting area is a bit higher than the rest of the pub, nice thought!   My drink of choice was a dark ale, but my goldfish memory is missing its name, look for a dark one (not the Caledonian 80) and try it!! Rich and only slightly bitter, and bit creamy.   The waitresses were as if they were competing with each other: first one brought the menus and took the drinks' order, while the other one brought over cutlery and took the food order and the other one was caught by surprise!! (a pleasant surprise that is!) Totally worth of a good tip!!   (all the dishes we ordered had their pics taken and posted already so no pics here)   My friend ordered the vegetarian (non-meat) balls with pasta and sauce, where although the vegetarian balls were tasty but nothing special and the tomato sauce felt a bit plain.   Me, on the other hand, was treated to the pork cheek with apple mash, broccoli and gravy!! Oh my, that was so mouth watering!!! The pork was super soft and well cooked, it made great combination with the gravy and the mash. I was hoping more apple-flavour in the mash, but it felt more like potato-mash.   After we both stuffed our faces (I had a bit of the mash left on my mustache), it was dessert time!!! My eyes landed immediately on one of the reasons I'm a big fun of UK: STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING!!!! I had to try it!! It wasn't served with custard cream, but it plays well with ice cream too. My friend ordered the melted chocolate brownie.   Both of our desserts came into big plates, and I'm kidding you not, there was a few seconds of silence... It felt as we were both very protective of the one we chose and didn't want to let the other one even try it, but ... good manners won!! Let's start with the brownie: I would rate the brownie itself 7 out of 10, and the melted chocolate, oh my, that was heaven!!! 9 out of 10!!! I almost felt jealous of my friend!!   But I had my sticky toffee pudding in front of me!! And all that melted toffee! And it was shaped like a Burger!!! Two pieces with the ice cream sitting on the bottom part instead of the beef! :-)  That was a first!! I admit this was one of the best puddings I've tried in my 8+ years of life in the UK!! If only it was served with custard cream!!   The interior of the pub as a whole gives a nice feeling, pictures on the walls, massive big windows, high ceiling. I was a bit surprised when I noticed they have plastic sinks at the mens' washroom.   I will definitely try more of their dishes in the future!!
