5 Lazeez Tandoori is a great Indian takeaway which offers delicious food and speedy delivery at reasonable prices.  I ordered from here with some friends only two weeks ago and we were all in agreement that it was one of the best takeaways we'd had.  The menu is really well laid out with plenty of Tandoori, Biryani and Punjabi dishes to choose from.  I went for the lamb Madras which cost only £7 along with a portion of plain boiled rice and a naan bread. Delivery took less than half and hour and the guy who brought was friendly.  The Madras sauce was delicious with a great range of flavours and some pungent spice throughout.  The lamb was tender and there were absolutely no fatty or sinewy chunks in amongst it.   We'll definitely be ordering from here again and I really couldn't fault Lazeez on any front.
4 Best tandoori mixed grill this side of the equator brilliant sometimes have to wait a long time for delivery but it's worth the wait.
4 We were visiting Edinburgh and were looking for a night in for a bit of a rest.  This place was down the way from our rental flat and had good reviews on Yelp.  We did some take-away and had the Veg Pakora and a couple of curries.  Big portions and delicious flavors were a winning combination for a night away from fish and chips.
5 Brought up with a huge variety of Asian food, I do find it hard to be content with most of the Asian food I've had in Edinburgh (The boons and banes of being a Malaysian).   Strolling down the street one day, with my other favourite kebab stores either out of reach or not open during the time, I made my way into Lanzeez Tandoori! NO REGRETS!!  Slightly different from your average Edinburgh kebabs with mayonnaise and garlic sauce, Lanzeez has an Indian authenticity to it, which I enjoy.  The marinade of the kebabs has a herbal tinge coupled with an very aromatic Indian tandoori flavour. If my Indian friends say that the food tastes very Indian, enough said.    Smells great, tastes even better!   Very affordable and other than its kebabs, has a wide selection pizzas options, biryani and other Indian/Pakistani type food. I particularly enjoy their maddenly sweet Gulap Jamun as a desert.   Since then, I've visited the place a few times and always pleased. While service isn't quick since good food needs time for proper preparation, the people at the place are very cordial. I've always had a nice chat with the staff there (Specifically the lady boss) while waiting.  When I am feeling lazy, their delivery option is good too.
