4 Good people of Edinburgh, please populate this place.  I can't stand it when a good wee cafe just sits empty most of the time. Food is cheaper than you would imagine but it tastes fantastic. My coffee I had in there was £1 cheaper  and miles better than any other establishment in the city.   The owner stopped by my table for a chat after I was done drinking, friendliest face in this part of the city by far!  Go now!
4 Nothing beats a bacon roll and a cuppa for under a fiver.  Thus, you can't beat Cafe Maria. I knew I'd love it before I even tasted the food - from the old school diner decor (wood panelling that hasn't changed for years) to the smell of beans on toast wafting out into the street as I perused the menu, I was enticed in by my nose.  They serve up Scottish breakfasts and various rolls for super cheap. Coffee and tea is very reasonably priced and unlike most places in the capital, you're not paying a bomb for a can of Coke.  The staff are friendly and the maroon coloured booths blow my mind. I love old cafe's  - they remind me of  being taken out by my gran and aunt (who recently passed away) when I was a wee girl. Inhaling the lovely, hearty breakfasts and sitting having a warm cup of tea, I closed my eyes and I could pretend they were still here, just from the smell. If they were here they would stop by Cafe Maria for a gossip (and a chain smoke, if the ban wasn't around back then).   It's places like Cafe Maria that are a haven for an older audience, and with its family friendly approach you've got to wonder why cafe's like this are dying out. Bring them back, i'm sick of paying 3 quid for a cup of coffee!
4 Cafe Maria is a pleasant and friendly eatery which offers delicious food and great service at cheaper prices than you would expect.  I came here only last week and was impressed by the interior decor which feels stylish and and offers a relaxing environment for people to chill out in.  Further, the staff are friendly and efficient at processing your order.   They have a good range of salads, sandwiches and soups as well as cakes, muffins and hot drinks.  I went for their all day breakfast which has great quality bacon, sausages, black pudding and an egg fried just as you like it.  It costs less than a fiver and is a perfect meal in its own right.  Cafe Maria is well worth a visit if you're in the area.
5 Cafe Maria offers a great old school traditional style cafe with bags of character which makes it stand out from the crowd. I love traditional little cafes where you can sit with a cup of tea and a full breakfast or get a bacon roll to go.   An all day breakfast here is only £4.50 which an absolutely bargain as the portion is huge and it tastes absolutely delicious, definitely hit the stop when I sat down for a bite to eat in here last week. The friendly staff were very helpful and the relaxed atmosphere made my visit an enjoyable one. It was fuss free and had excellent charm which so many modern cafes lack.   In addition to breakfast they also offers sandwiches, filled rolls and a good range of hot and cold beverages too.
1 I'm not entirely sure where the other guys went for their breakfasts but I highly doubt it was the same timewarp I stumbled into a couple of Sundays ago.  I can be a bit fussy about what I eat so was a little disappointed when my request for just scrambled eggs and haggis was met with laughter from the waitress. The disappointed only increased when she then told me they didn't even serve the latter - what country do I live in again?!  When the food finally arrived, (I'm not hugely impatient but when it takes fifteen minutes to cook up a simple request with no other customers around I do start to wonder what the cook is up to) it was even worse than my already low expectations allowed for - to say it looked unappealing is as much of an understatement as saying that Edinburgh can get just a little bit chilly in the winter.   The scrambled egg was floating in a small pool of water and the lorne sausage (which had replaced the absent haggis) looked to have been pre cooked then microwaved and I can only imagine that biting a corner off one of the slightly dirty (and in much need of refurbishment) tables would have provided the same culinary experience. My only choice was to cover it all in ketchup and turn off my sense of taste (quite a skill I know) to get through it.  The price itself wasn't terrible, although I probably could have got the same stuff from Somerfield just down the road for around the same price. At least that way the eggs would have been cooked properly...   The Water Situation: my request for a glass of water here was met quite readily, although the server did look somewhat confused when I said I didn't want anything else to drink...
