3 If you are a bride and groom to be, then you must admit that it's a jungle out there for wedding venues, all of them heading towards traditional virtues trying to understanding what it is the bridal party wants; then caters to their needs, be it for venue, transport, dress, food or otherwise?  The Quayside is conveniently situated almost right on Musselburgh beach, with a picturesque harbour opposite, small boats tied up...you get the picture, on sunny weekends or during festivals is packed with some type of private function. But with minimum competition; ok, perhaps a couple of places that might cater to similar style as this place nearby, I felt duty bound to find out if they were the best in the area, my luck was in early June.  The party I was invited to had actually won the entire wedding through a local Haddington newspaper. Well almost, they still have to iron out some creases, but hey when weddings cost as they certainly do, then it really pays to get this on. So thanks to the Courier as the organiser!  The decor inside the Quayside is dark wood, deep pile red-ish carpets, in and around the small bar downstairs, but past reception is their restaurant. Another bar upstairs on first floor and another on level 2. There is a lift for people that don't fancy or can't do the walk, but it's not that quick!  With adequate parking to the rear and side of the venue overlooking the harbour, it really pays to park as close to the venue as possible, especially as it rained heavily on the day in question, so it kind of ruined those precious wedding photos!  Wedding food was faultless but was it really that price(£75each according to the Bride's father), but we did get champs upon reception. Red and White wine with the dinner, roast chicken and haggis tower was a treat, as was choco pudding and cream (in the shape of a heart). With all that booze flowing some of our party later on just wanted a cup of tea, so when I requested this, the staff couldn't have been more accommodating, so top marks for producing a pot or two when they didn't really have to!  Food booking drinks ambience were great, but you need three rules. 1. some ill placed seating meant my back was to the bridal table during speeches. To any future brides out there, save guests having a crick in the neck, check the table layout. 2. To make your perfect wedding even better, please get a band. 3. With reception closed well before 1am also make sure you prebook a taxi or this may incur a lengthy wait at the nearest taxi rank or bus stop.  Speaking of food, Quayside renamed their restaurant as the "World Buffet",(does exactly as is says). The name conjures up horrors of many a fast food joint. But with many foods available (and I did ask what they didn't produce) to which the answer was - no to fruit. But I ask you, after unlimited buffet food not many peeps will have room for fruit anyhow?  Requiring another visit to experience since I was there for a wedding so couldn't appreciate this mass buffet experience. My mission should I choose to accept it is to find out, but if  the wedding food was anything to go by, they'll probably be ok???  World Banq, musselburgh - One place many cuisines, all for £8.50, you try you decide?
2 We went here to have a Christmas night with a group.  Bar prices were ok but the barmaid was a bit ditsy with the order and kept asking what we ordered!  Food, "Meh I've experienced FAR better".  Don't come here if you like your food.  I won't be coming back.  it was edible but i could go the extra mile and it would be sensational!  I bit into a "sausage" and it wasn't appealing - the quality was water.  The mossaka was eh not a tad on my sister in laws which is proper greek and now I want some of her to make me feel better.  The Dj was shouty, very shouty with the microphone.  thank goodness for my hearing aids as i could turn down the shouty ness!!  Toilets were a sorry state.  With 2, yes 2 functions on the same floor you would think the priority was to have all toilets on working order.  with one out of order and toilet rolls at the sink getting wet.  it's a small space for ladies to washhands and dry them and try and get out.  I been here once before for a wedding reception and can't remember it being that bad.  I won't be recommending the food from now on, it would be shameful if i did.  The seating arrangements were comfortable and the dance floor was big enough, hence 2 stars.  Meh, I've defo experienced better - hence the early departure!
