4 Robert Graham are primarily a high quality Tobacconists, but they also sell a fine selection of malts and chocolates.  The store is brimming with cigars, from baby, inexpensive tasters to Cuban cigars for those who have very expensive taste. They sell them on their own, in boxes or in gift sets. Similarly, their wine and whisky collection varies from being affordable to mega high end, but all are refined.  For the lady in your life, be she your wife of your mum, they have a gorgeous box of pink champagne truffles which would go down a treat! Just don't give them to your dog - chocolate is bad enough for your pup as it is but with booze in it? A recipe for disaster! Plus the fine, handmade delicacies look like they would be devoured by dinner party guests in no time.  Great for specialists in cigar smoking and equally as good for the best of the best in special gifts.
4 Robert Graham specialise in selling whisky and cigars, so if you are looking for a good Scottish gift for someone, look no further than this store. Situated in Rose Street, Robert Graham is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street and so it is a convenient place to reach.  Robert Graham sells a vast selection of Scottish whisky's, ranging in price from about £15 up to £350! There are also the tiny wee miniature bottles available too if you don't want to fork out for the bigger versions. This store is also a specialised tobacconist, selling cigars from all over the world, which are also pretty pricey at about £100 for a box of Cuban cigars. Robert Graham also sell tobacco, pipes, rum, chocolates, malts, wines and they make up hampers with an assortment of goodies.   The staff in this store are incredibly knowledgeable about their stock, and especially about whisky and they are always more than happy to answer any questions. A great store to go to for specialist advice on whisky or cigars.
4 Established in 1874, Robert Graham is the kind of shop that makes tourists go weak at the knees.  They have giant cigars and whisky bottles in the window and a tantalising array of single and miniature bottles inside. Naturally, they also sell pipes, cigars, bags of tobacco and hip flasks. Both bottles and hip flasks can be engraved with personal messages and if you ask nicely, the staff might tell you about the rare and limited edition bottles they have for whisky coinesseurs.   For those that don't indulge in either vice, Robert Graham also stock luxury chocolate truffles, rose creams, fudge, shortbread, biscuits, jam, honey, marmalade and fruitcake. If I remember right however, the last three all contain a nip or two of whisky!
4 Best place to go in the city I think for Cigars or Pipe tobacco. Also has a great selection of whiskey. Extremely helpful staff everytime I have gone in . The lady always let me see and smell everything , answered any questions I had , and was very helpful. The selection of cigars is extensive, one of the better ones in the city. And if your not used of Cubans like I'm not they have plenty of those to! The shop smells wonderful with all those blended tobacco smells . Lots of Whiskey selections available , so if your looking for a gift for a gentlemen ( or lady ) that like cigars and whiskey this is the place to go. Prices are about right to .
