4 This disney store in princess street has good quality clothes and toys ,but everything is a bit crammed in.Its great for buying things for your kids especially when the sales are on.
3 What's the difference between Walt Disney and Bing Crosby? ..  ..  Bing sings and Walt dinsae .  BOOM BOOM!!  This Disney shop always looks so inviting, they play music out the door and have moving window displays. When I plucked up the courage to take my 20-year-old self in, I wasn't overly excited, however. They have a great selection of toys and plastic things, the smell of plastic is overwhelming, especially in the pencil case corner. I thought I would go and look for a new pencil case - I used to have a Cinderella one that popped out everywhere if you pressed a specific button, I was so cool. However they didn't seem to stock them anymore...they didn't seem to stock anything exciting like that.   My memories of the Disney Store were exciting, things flying everywhere and talking toys going off on every aisle, but this time the store was quiet, nothing flying around and no excitement. I was disappointed, but put it down to the fact that I was 20, so I took my ex-boyfriend neice with me, and she felt the same! She didn't enjoy it (despite demanding a hannah montana schoolbag) and said she had been in more exciting ones.
5 The good old Disney store, you know what to expect really... cuddly toys, mugs, fancy dress, flasks, lunch boxes, beach towels - all Disney of course. The stock here isn't just cute, it is also very good quality and I think I will be buying a new summer beach towel for myself from here. I got a Finding Nemo beach towel from here around 6 years ago and I've used it pretty much every single holiday since, washed it goodness knows how many times and it still looks brand new, the colour hasn't faded at all and it's still super soft. As soon as you walk in the door they have a great selection of Disney beach towels all at the very reasonable price of £12 and they're great for kids and adults alike.  They have a whole bunch of Toy Store merchandise at the moment and this is so exciting as I cannot wait for the release of Toy Story 3! They even have a game featuring "The Claw" machine with the little green aliens saying "Oooh, you have been chosen." Hilarious!  I really can't fault the Disney store, this one is well stocked, the staff are friendly and it's always good fun to go in for a browse.
4 I used to love coming to The Disney Store when I was little. I was such a brat and always insisted my mum buy me something. I'm pretty sure back in the day this Disney Store had two floors, but not anymore.   Selling the usual Disney merchandise it is very predictable. But I love coming in here  for the pure nostalgia as well as going "aww" and "ahh" at everything. My boyfriends flat mate and I decided to be real kids and purchased Disney flasks from here which were very childish but a great way to drink juice. Our other halves then insisted we buy them one and then it started a new trend within our group of friends. Anyway back to trying to not sound like a 12 year old.  I love the baby stuff in here and as my two elder brothers wives keep popping out children I can buy them cutesy Winnie the Pooh baby bits and bobs from here. Then when they get older I can buy all the other random tat and pretend it is for them, when really it is for me.  My friend once knocked over a Marie from the Aristocats mug here and we made a swift exit. I guess the staff weren't too concerned.
4 On recent visits to The Disney Store, I've felt a bit uncomfortable at the direction in which some of the products were heading. Hannah Montana and High School Musical tat seemed to be taking over, and there's just something not right about a kids beach towel or flask emblazoned with a picture of a 14 year old girl dressed like she's heading to a Nuts Magazine photoshoot.  I was quite pleased then, to find yesterday that the shop seemed a lot more like the wholesome, conservative cash cow I used to love. Mountains of very well made cuddly toys, gifts and DVDs arwe the order of the day. Expect an avalanche of Toy Story 3 merchandise to appear in here over the next few months. The new and improved Buzz Lightyear is a cracker.
4 The Disney Store never loses its magic.  I used to devour each and every toy in here with my eyes as a kid. My peepers would bulge out of my head as I wondered in awe at the massive Mickey Mouse teddy bears, and the Lion King merchandise. The toys are amazing as well - there's still some from the 90s stuffed in my attic somewhere and, since I let my little cousins play with them now, I can appreciate how well made they are since they've stood the test of time.  The Disney Store on Princes Street hasn't lost the magic that it held for children many years ago. It keeps the fairytale alive with its large range of stock. Even though times have changed, they still do some classic toys along with their popular Hannah Montana/Jonas Brothers towels and figurines. In honour of Toy Story 3, the whip-cracking Woody toys have made a comeback, not to mention the classics such as Goofy and the gang. They even do some cute, personalised Minnie Mouses, complete with tartan kilts to pay homage to Scotland.   It's a place most adults and kids will enjoy, no matter what the era, and the staff are very friendly so they can still pride themselves on great customer service!
4 I'm a huge Disney fan and I'll share a little something; I still get a little teary eyed to the Disney Soundtracks on Spotify!   I know their stores will be pretty much the same in every country I find them but I just can't help myself.  This one on Princes Street is quite large with the usual character based teddies, clothing, and household utensils! I'm really missing my Eeyore mug, courtesy of some other Disney Store and will, without shame, buy a set of Winnie the Pooh plates, cups and mugs for my new flat!
