4 Good pizza with a good selection on the menu.This place is a good place to go with kids if they like pizza.There are a lot of diffrent toppings you can choose from.The staff are kind and approachable.
3 Stopped in here tonight for a quick dinner before going to the cinema.  They have re-done he decor in the last few months which makes a big difference.  Our waitress was actually a delight and even automatically refilled my drink without being prompted.   I think it can be difficult to review a big chain easy dining place.  Every man and their dog has been here at some point in their lives.  Did you know the 1000th restaurant was opened in 1972!    I like that everyone automatically gets a bowl to fill at the salad counter it means that your pizza is ready before you know it.   My pizza with olives and mushrooms I would give a four for but my husband said his pepperoni pizza was a two star (a bit greasy) so I settled on three star.   Handy as it is next door to the cinema, will likely be back at some point but like tonight it will be a quick dinner encounters somewhere else.
4 Back for another quick dinner pre-cinema. I let our waitress know that we only had a 40 minutes before our movie, she was quick double time and order done, drinks arrived, salad bar done and tasty pizza munched and a happy lindsay go to the pictures with time to spare!   Really pleased that you can now get a small stuffed crust pizza.   I have upped my star rating to 4. Reliable Pizza Hut, you have got to love it.
3 You don't come to Pizza Hut for fine dining so I don't feel the need to post an essay length review of what it's like when you come here.  The pizza is the same in all the branches, so is the fact you get free refills on juice so long as you're eating and haven't paid your bill.  This particular branch can be hit and miss with the service. On my most recent visit here, one of the members of staff whose name I never managed to see, seemed to throw anything at me and my fiancee any time we asked for anything, not the best service in the world.  Good for a cheap night out if you fancy some pizza though.
