1 Not a big fan of this place to be honest. Last time i enetered the store the staff were uninterested and not friendly. I find the pricing ridiculous too considering the quality/quantity of some of the products!
2 I'm really not a fan of Monsoon so perhaps a little bit biased in this review, I find their clothes overpriced, shapeless and bland. I'm still often drawn in by their window displays or if I'm looking for a dress for a formal occasion but I always leave feeling rather uninspired. I saw a kaftan the other day for £70 and it actually looked like something my Gran would wear... £70? Come on! If I had a lot of money to spend on clothes... which I don't, I certainly wouldn't be spending it in Monsoon.  The layout of this shop is nice though everything is well organised and they have a gorgeous wooden staircase with rot iron banisters but everything about the clothes just scream mumsy, frumpy and boring. I guess the saving grace is the fact that they often have good sales on where you can get as much as 70% off items.
3 I really like Monsoon, they have very classy fashions and brilliant accessories. When I was wee I used to come into this shop and try on all the fancy ball-gown-esque dresses but never buy them, so this shop brings back fond memories! But I just don't really choose to shop in Monsoon. To me, their clothes are crazily over-priced and their accessories are daylight robbery! But now and again you do find something (like a hair clip) that you are willing to pay £12 for, or a dress you can justify spending £120 on. It's quite a niche market in a way, very organic and very natural. Some people love that, and I understand why. If you have a fancy event or something special coming up, or just want to have a 'good' outfit,  it's definitely worth a look.
4 As a guy I actually like Monsoon. I personally don't come in here and try on the prom dresses (although you bet I would if I could get away with it), but it has always appealed to me.   This probably has more to do with how put off I am by most of the other high street shops. Bland, easily replicable styles, that consistently copy each other in an attempt to generate fashions so easy bucks can be made. I walk past H&M or even GAP and although there are some superficial differences there's very little variation except for quality of material and that one pays less wages to its slave children abroad.  Maybe this doesn't sound like an opinion coming from a fashion expert, but the day I become one of those is the day I give up on every meaningful aspect of my life. But from a layman's point of view, I get bored by most cloth shops. Monsoon, at least, stands out. Its always seems two things to me, very colourful and very elegant. Those aren't things we see much in current woman's fashion, unless its vile 80s retro primary colours. Monsoon draws me eye with some genuine appreciation of their styles. This is all probably because of its original influence from ethnic clothing and boho-chic, avoiding the neutral vapidness of most clothing (though I too am equally guilt of falling into this).   I can see what the others say about this being more for older women, but I for one would still appreciate this on the younger lady. I know girlfriend appreciates Monsoon, even if its from afar. It doesn't help that its a little on the pricey side, but so are all half decent quality clothes shops that don't make their clothes from the tears of sweat shop workers.  At the end of the day Monsoon is just another high street clothing chain, but its one I think stands out just a little.  Note: Monsoon is supposed to at least use fairtrade cotton, which is true is a plus.
