4 Scayles is one of Edinburgh's many music stores, and is perhaps one of the smallest. Selling a huge range of musical instruments including trumpets, guitars, tamborines and mandolins they will cater to almost your every musical need.   We bought one of our guy friends a pink Ukelele from here for his 21st and filled it with condoms. It was only around £20, bargain! I saw a Spongebob Square Pants Ukelele in the window once and was mega impressed.   This shop also had a good selection of accessories for a variety of instruments and music books to go with your instrument. There is also a board at the back which musicians use to find a new drummer/singer/whatever so a handy hint of your on the lookout for a band.
3 I first came into scayles when a friend was planning on buying a guitar.  There was a lot to choose from (the store seems to specialise in this department) and the staff was eager to assist and advise.   They have a good selection of instruments. All are fairly competiively priced. The shop isn't the biggest but they make the most of the space.
3 For equipment you simply cannot beat Scayles.  Even if you buy an instrument elsewhere I'd still recommend picking up your equipment from here.  What they offer is a wide range of high quality equipment and with a bit of help from the staff you should soon be able to find the right gear for you.  Their guitar range covers the whole spectrum fairly well.  As far as I'm concerned its entry level guitars are perhaps a tad over priced and its only the truly high end where things turn in your favour.  If you are going to buy the entry level guitars from here check out the price online first just to be sure you are getting a good deal.  Across their other instruments they seem to specialise in Ukuleles and if that's what you are after this might be the place to come.  I don't have a great amount of familiarity with their brands of brass and woodwind, but the quality seems decent so its just a case of trying them out and checking if they are right for you.  Personally if I was buying equipment I'd come straight here - for anything else I might check out what's on offer elsewhere.
5 As far as music shops go in Edinburgh, Scayles is one of the best, it offers not only musical instruments at a reasonable price, but also lots of accessories and repairs.  Recently, a friend of mine hired a P.A (Public Address) system from them including 2 microphones and stands and all the necessary leads for only £25 for a night, which is very good value. I have myself purchased a Spongebob Squarepants Ukulele for a novelty present and even for that purchase the staff were really helpful and seem generally well informed in the products that they sell. I would recommend this store to any standard of musician from beginner to advanced.
2 Good selection of equipment at scayles and seems really reasonably priced but the customer service is quite poor. I have been in twice with the intention of making a purchase but staff seem to be two busy talking to each other. Bought a lovely yamaha A1R acoutisic guitar from red dog instead.
