3 Newington Stationers is an alternative to the chain stores further down Nicholson Street.  It provides a large range of stationary - both brand names and cheaper, but just as good alternatives. Over all though, the prices are a tad expensive and other chain stationers often have deals that help lower the prices.  The trouble is that Newington Stationers never seems to have what you really need when you have it, its always out of stock of something or doesnt have enough of another thing. And if I have ever asked if something will be back in stock soon, a vauge answer is always given - and usually I never see the item again.  This place is useful and has a large range of stock, but as it is unable to hold its stock for very long, it isnt as good as large chain stores.
3 An independent bookshop with everything you may need as far as stationary, notebooks, basic arts and crafts (nothing too specific), glues etc.  The staff aren't the friendliest- merely a nod if that to agknoledge your presence, but prices are ok. I actually found an adaptor for my plug here cheaper than than the Bargain Store located a few blocks down. I usually get notebooks from here as they never seem to have the pends I quite like.
3 Newington Stationers are a very functional shop, selling office supplies with no frills.  Stop by if you're seeking to find staples, binders, laminating devices and poly pockets. Come in on the offchance of finding some basic arts and crafts supplies, including stickers and stencils. Give it a bodyswerve if you're searching for that perfectly pretty notebook that you love looking at, but have no intention of ever using.  Affordable and has a decent stock of office branded offerings, but as the reviewers have said it may run out of specifics quickly, since it's sparser than a chain stockist. I would recommend heading here before you head to Staples however, because if it's just the little things like Sellotape you need, it's very convenient.
4 I have a serious stationary addiction and I absolutely love shopping in Newington Stationers for more writing supplies which I don't need. The shop is located on busy Nicholson Street and is just a short walk away from Edinburgh University and so it is an ideal store for students to pop into to buy their stationary.  As well as selling the standard stationary supplies, such as paper, binders, highlighters etc, shoppers can also expect to find art and craft goods, including canvases which are always very cheap - about £1 each.  I have always found Newington Stationers to be very well stocked and whatever your stationary need, they will be able to meet it.  However, the prices for some of their supplies I have found to be quite steep compared to other stores on the same street selling stationary.  Photocopying is also available at a very reasonable price.
3 Situated in the Southside is this handy wee stationery shop. There aren't enough stationery shops like Newington Stationers. I love stationery! Seriously once for Christmas when I was a child I just asked for stationery. One of the best Christmas' ever.   I digress. In fact I am surprised there aren't more stationery shops, especially in studenty areas. Unfortunately this isn't  really a student stationers. Despite what others have said, when I ventured in the stock seemed to be lacking.  I didn't find a wide selection of all kinds of pens, protractors and quality notebooks. Instead expect more newsagents standard. A few pencil case basics, some standard paper plus some birthday cards and other bits and pieces. Newington Stationers doess offer a handy scanning and printing services.  This isn't a bad shop though, as long as you know what to expect you won't be disappointed.
4 I never knew there were so many different types of writing-related things you could buy until I walked into this little shop! To be honest, I doubt anyone really knows exactly what is stocked among all the floor-to-ceiling pens of various shapes and sizes, but I've always found what I needed when I've shopped here.  But the best thing about this family-run place are all the little extras. Being family-run, the service is always friendly and attentive, and they're more than happy to go hunting high and low to find whatever it is you're after. But the best thing about it is that the mum of the family also offers a clothing alteration service too. Unfortunately for me, I'm not exactly a domestic goddess when it comes to sewing on buttons or fixing hems, so this place is an absolute gem in that respect.
4 Newington Stationers is a great, friendly and local business which sells high quality products at affordable prices.  It's located on Clerc Street and so it's ideal for students on their way to and from classes when in need of some new stationary.   It sells decents pencils and pens of varying types.  I usually go for the standard blue biros which they sell in packs of ten for just over £1.  Their paper is of particularly high quality as it's thick and durable with clear margines and comes at a fairly cheap price.   Newington Stationers served me well in my first year and I'd certainly recommend as a top place for locals find any supplies they might need.
4 Like Gibson, I'm a man who knows good stationary when I see it, and as a few other Yelpers have already said, there's a strangely satisfying feeling that can be yearned from sitting down on the first day of term, whipping out a crisp, untarnished notepad and some shiny new pens, and sitting bored out your skull, scribbling down a few rudimentary notes as the tweed-clad social leper up front drones on about something which has no relevance to society outwith a few dusty old textbooks.   Two weeks later and the notepad is dog-eared, covered in scribbles and crude drawings of hairy bell-ends, and all the pens are gone because you've chewed them to bits, covering yourself in toxic, pitch black ink in the process.  So get back to Newington, fiver in hand, and they'll sort you right out.
3 I went in here looking for a few things and came out empty handed. Not because they had *nothing* I wanted, but the store is quite higgdly-piggdly inside, and the cork board I wanted was wedged between 5 others, and covered in sellotape, and the shop assistant was busy.  It does have a really big selection of paper, notebooks, art materials, crafty things though. I just wanted my cork board, meep.
4 I have a confession. I am something of a stationery-addict. It's been an affliction (if you can call it that) that has been with me since a very young age. I used to buy beautiful notebooks and then be too in awe of their lovely, clean sheets and outer cover to then write in them. On the occasions I did decide to scribble, I would buy colourful pens aplenty, my favourite being silver. As a result, stationers actually do get me excited.  Now, normally, as my love of stationary is aesthetic the shop itself usually has to be quite aesthetically pleasing too. You know, like Paperchase or Paper Tiger. Nicely laid out, little gifts of wait-to-be-written in magic. What wonders could these notebooks eventually hold, and what tales could these pens one day scribble and scrawl?  Newington Stationers is not one of these stationers. It's a purpose-built shop, that is large and expansive and has almost everything you could need, but without the extra flourishes. The notebooks come in many different sizes, shapes, lined, blank. The paper comes in many different thicknesses, quality, printing, A1 - A5, colours. There are markers, pens, pencils, rulers, stickers, crayons, felt tips. Wrapping paper. Corkboards. Everything a stationers should own.  I admit, though, that for me it didn't immediately tick the aesthetic box for me. Because it supplies everything you could need, it's focused on produce rather than pomp. But I still left here feeling very happy. The number one reason reason being the staff. The produce box was already ticked, I managed to get exactly what I needed here despite that some things were a bit more obscure. But the guy who works there, and who's the son of the owner, was so friendly, chatty, helpful and genuine it really brightened up my morning. So huge kudos to him.  It's also open from 8am which means I was able to pick up what I needed on the way home from the gym at 8.15am and start my day before 9am without needing to head out again. Perfect.  This is an independent, family-run business that's been around for 35 years (I found out today from the guy who worked there). So now, whenever I need to get my stationary fix, I won't hesitate to bypass the slightly prettier shops, and probably more expensive, for this great family-run business that really does deliver on the goods too. Top dog.
