5 Chocolate is my drug of choice and Coco delivers consistently divine high cocoa content confections that also make a lovely gift.
4 I popped in here because I had heard good things, and it did not disappoint. There is a huge selection of chocolate in the most elaborate flavours you can imagine. Dark chocolate with rose and pepper, dark chocolate with chilli, milk chocolate with lavender, white chocolate with strawberry and pepper and it goes in. It really is amazing and a welcome change from the usual Cadburys and Galaxy. There is also a selection of gifts and cooking chocolate. The store has a real old fashioned feel to it and I happily admired the chocolate for an age while the shop assistants bustled around me.  I bought a bar of dark chocolate with peppermint and it was delicious. I remember Jamie Oliver (or some other celebrity chef) saying that good quality chocolate was shiny and made a good cracking noise when you broke it. Well this chocolate passed the test and it tasted so smooth and rich. It was very tasty. It was a little expensive at £3.50 per bar, but I think you are paying for quality. I'm intrigued by the huge range of flavours so I will be returning, and will also swap my usual gifting of a box of Roses for some Coco's chocolate.
5 Coco of Bruntsfield is an artisan Chocolatier and purveyor of the finest hot chocolate to be found for miles around. The teeny tiny shop manages to cram in a huge variety of exquisite treats, most of which are made in their atelier in Roslin. If you're lucky enough to claim one of the few stools at the bar, order an Aztec hot chocolate and marvel at how such simple ingredients (chocolate, cinnamon, chilli and orchid vanilla pod) can combine into a veritable taste sensation. Yes it's pricey, but as I've said before, you mostly get what you pay for in this city - and you're paying for organic ingredients and chocolate made with added love. Long live Coco!
3 Coco of Bruntsfield is one of two specialist shops in Bruntsfield, and I'm afraid to report this is the poorer of the two.  The chocolate is delicious - but when is chocolate not delicious  - and the price is a little steep but totally worth it. Word of warning, this is not the place you should go daily to get your 'fix' (I hear ya) as it is proper chocolate, very rich and very intense. They do really great hot chocolates and experiment with different flavours, but if you want to sit down then bring your own seat,  It is a shame that the second chocolatier over-shadows Coco, as it tastes just as good! Unfortunately it comes down to the small things - seats! And to be honest the shop was quite cold! But that's just being picky.
4 Looking at the daunting price of some of the high quality chocolate bars available in this dainty little shop I used my Yelping skills to bag a few samples. Trying a sea-salted caramel and pine nut flavoured chocolate  followed by a white chocolate and raspberry combination, I was convincingly persuaded that such chocolate delights are worth every penny.  Avoiding the use of cheap fatty vegetable oils and only sourcing the best ingredients (as the enthusiastic and informative lady behind the counter explained) produces chocolate a class apart from the mainstream brands.  I would limit Coco of Bruntsfield's offerings to an impressive gift and not as a place to spend your pocket money each day. But if you like chocolate you may well be tempted time and time again.
5 Coco of Bruntsfield is the kind of artisan store you'd expect to stumble across in Paris. Tastefully decorated in muted tones, it has beautifully decorated boxes of chocolate displayed on polished wooden shelves and tables. There's also a small cabinet filled with individual chocolates and bars neatly arranged on top.   Of course, none of this would be tempting if the chocolate itself didn't look or taste gorgeous and thankfully it does. We're talking gorgeous bars, wafers, drops, truffles and coins made from the finest organic ingredients. Flavours range from white chocolate with raspberries, blueberries & blackberries and dark chocolate with rose and black pepper to cinnamon, chilli and vanilla. If I had the bling, I'd try a couple of different bars and boxes of truffles each week. As it is, I usually settle for a bar of dark chocolate with crystallized ginger or milk chocolate with caramel, pinenut and sea salt. ::Sigh::
5 mmmm..... Delicious little shop and a place for an ideal pressie for any chocolate-lover friends (or even for yourself if you have been extra good!) Coco of Bruntsfield is a haven for all that is delicious and chocolate despite the price tag- we are talking about quality here people!
5 Sweet heaven on earth. This beautiful and sinfully delicious little shop is perhaps the best chocolatier I've come across in Scotland. It's even tastier than if you were to take Johnny Depp from 'Chocolat', bathe him in the hot chocolate she serves up to him in the movie, and serve it to me on a bed of cocoa nibs. It really is that wonderful.  Located in the very lovely, up-market area of Bruntsfield it's quite unassuming with it's short but sweet sign "Coco". It's tiny inside, with a small bench and two seats to sit in for some hot chocolate. I wouldn't dare for fear that I would leave 3 hours later and 7lbs heavier.  They have chocolate of every description. And the quality of the chocolate is orgasmic. (Yes you heard me.) They had samples of "honey chocolate" to taste, and oh sweet jonny. The flavours of the chocolate are very inventive but in a refined way that you know is going to leave your tastebuds all in a swoon.  My friend bought some of their hot chocolate, which comes as real chocolate that you melt in milk - none of this powder nonsense. I think she got the lemongrass and lavendar, and I have previously tried the rose and black pepper. Both of which were wonderful.  Coco of Bruntsfield makes Thorntons look like the MaccyD's of chocolate. You can tell Coco takes her (the store has to be female) time over making the chocolate and choosing the flavours. A connosieur's Church of Chocolate.  With the approaching festive season, a few chocolates from here would make wonderful stocking-fillers, or even a larger bag of their hot chocolate an ideal full-on gift.   I can see Coco becoming one of my "once a month" treats. I daren't take a whole bag of hot chocolate home, as I don't have the will power to say "no"...!
5 Hmmmm chocolate.  Go here if you want something really special or want to treat yourself.  I bought all my team's Christmas presents here.  At the counter they have some samples that you can eat - worth going for that.
5 Coco is to sweetshops what precision modelling is to toyshops.  In other words, you're not going to be surrounded by sticky fingered children wondering how to spend their pocket money.  Oh no, you're going to be surrounded by the good folk of Bruntsfield wondering how they're going to spend they're latest shares dividend. On recent experience you're going to need to have made some pretty canny investments to be able to carry a chocolate swag bag out of here.  The place has a strange yet reassuring yesteryear feel to it,  welcoming you into a fantasy chocolate world where you're tempted to nibble the counter.....just in case.  Everywhere is packed with the stuff and in just about every combination the human mind and other sensory faculties can imagine.  The quality is without compare. That's not just my opinion, but that of a  calorifically qualified chocolate officianado who tends to be the recipient of my purchases.  Even if you're not into chocolate it's worth sticking your head around the door.  One good lung full will give you a legal high for the rest of the day.
4 Ah, ¡me encanta el chocolate! En una reciente visita a Edimburgo quise tener un detalle con las personas que me habían guiado por la ciudad (y acogido en su casa, por si con guiarme fuera poco), así que pensé en algo que le gusta a todo el mundo: ¡chocolate!  No puedo contar cómo estaban los que yo me llevé, porque he de decir que no los probé al final, pero la dependienta tenía varias muestras sobre el mostrador que nos animó a probar. Y me refiero, nos animó a probar VARIAS veces. Estaban deliciosas.  Es un poco cara, pero me ahorré el hotel y era un capricho, así que no merece la pena hacer ningún tipo de cuenta.
