4 Real Foods in Tollcross is a slightly smaller version of the store in Broughton Street, but like it's sister, it has the same big ideas when it comes to food: local, seasonal and organic are the key words. As it doesn't have quite as much floor space, it stocks less fresh food, but you'll still find a well stocked chiller with falafel, hoummus, Jordan Valley pasties etc; massive sacks of muesli that the staff will helpfully weigh out for you; and, shelves full of veggie/vegan pasta sauces.
4 Real Foods has a bright green exterior, at attempt to scream its presence in some way to the passerby on this side street. Its interior is quite large and sells just what it's name suggest- vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free organic food and essentials. I am not a vegan or vegetarian. I try and eat healthily and make conscious fair trade choices in food. However, I still hold a personal vendetta to those who are health-freaks- the ones who won't let you touch a pint of beer. (I mean it is technically cereal juice)  This shop surprised my actually. I never even considered that there could be such a variety of products which can be ethical and environmentally friendly ( I was just used to the ethical range Tesco gave us).   From wines, to households, to drinks and cosmetics this store has it all. Sadly, being eco-friendly and super healthy has a price to go with it. But it's still great for getting a surprisingly delicious snack for the library later on. Then you can scorn and tut at those eating chips and mars bars.So SCORN to you now HA!
4 Edinburgh does pretty well when it comes to health food stores (though there are still not enough if you ask me). There are a lot of  vegetarians, students, religious minorities to cater for.  Real Foods is a food shop that caters for the above as well as providing for other dietary needs like gluten free and vegan. It has a great selection of nuts and seeds (a big plus for me), cereals alternative dairy,  fair trade sweets (I really like their real liquorice) amongst other groceries. It's range of fruit and vegetables isn't extensive but is adequate. It also has a greater  range of vegetarian essentials like tofu, than the likes of Tesco.  The main problem with Real Foods is that it remains expensive. Apart from students, a large make up of their clientele are wealthier professionals (unfortunately organic foods still remain a mostly middle class privilege). Having said this, some things turn out cheaper when you realise you are buying in bulk. Take their great 100% peanut butter (with no added crap). You end up forking up something like £5 for a tub, but when you take into account the weight, this is actually cheaper than Tesco peanut butter.  Real Foods remains a useful source of vegetarian, fair trade and healthy food, for essentials as well as luxuries.
5 Real Foods is a fab store to shop at if you want to eat natural and ethically sourced products. They sell everything under the one roof - absolutely amazing! Situated just off from the busy Lothian Road, Real Foods is just a short walk from the city centre so it is a convenient place to reach.   The quality of the food is always top notch and the fruit and veg are always fresh - there is no out of date food sold here. Real Foods sell lots of health foods such as a huge range of different dried fruits and pulses. There is also a vitamin area in the shop which sells every vitamin and mineral required to cure any ailment , as well as a range of herbal remedies.   The staff are incredibly friendly and are knowledgeable about the stores products so you feel quite at ease with them over asking which remedy does what. Real foods also has a section in its shop selling natural beauty products, soaps, shampoos etc. I love the mascara which they sell here as it is nice and cheap at around four pounds and makes my eyelashes look super long.   Real Foods is a fantastic shop which sells a vast range of amazing tasting food, and best of all the food is healthy! What more could you want?!!
4 I don't want to seem rude, but for a health shop this is surprisingly busy.  Usually health shops are places where you can buy slightly better foods at ridiculously over blown prices, but this is not the case here.  Everything here is reasonably priced and you are not only getting health foods, but also standard foods such as groceries making visiting a health shop no longer such a trek out of your way.  Many of you will also be pleased to see the presence of gluten free and allergy free foods all for fairly reasonable prices.  I'm not normally too keen on health shops, but this one has won me over.
4 Real foods is one of the best health food shops in Edinburgh. The space isn't as open as Earthy Foods and Goods in South Side, but it beats almost all the competition in New Town simply based on the range of products, and it is considerably larger than you would believe from looking from the outside. There's a huge range of vinegars, oils, pasta sauces, nuts, flours, beauty products, vitamins and minerals, as well as a section which feels like a mini-supermarket with fresh fruit and vegetables. For salt enthusiasts like myself, it's also amazing: I can't think of anywhere else in Edinburgh you'd find niche items like pink Himalayan salt. It is also recommended for those on a gluten free diet. The quality of the produce is unbeatable: take the organic chocolate, for example, which is all supplied by the award winning Montezuma's. My only complaint with this place is with the entrance and exit, both of which are cramped, and a little awkward at busy times.
4 The name says it all really and you can expect to find good, tasty food with no additives or chemicals in sight.   They have everything from cereals and bread to sugar free lolly pops which are bound to entice the kids to start eating healthier.  The staff are very knowledgeable and are always very easy to approach so if you're not sure what tea will give you the best skin or what bread will give you the most energy, they will be able to point you in the right direction.
4 What's that noise? Oh it's the sound of my wallet whimpering in the knowledge that I may well leave here a few pennies lighter.  Real Foods does exactly what it says on its bright green sign. It's a small grocery and health food store for all the fresh, healthy, organic, ethical, tree-loving, animal-loving, vegetarian, and vegan requirements you may have.  I am both health conscious (at times) and a cook (I didn't say a good one). So Real Foods ticks both my happy boxes. There are shelves upon shelves of spices, herbs, and cooking ingredients. There's also a selection of fresh fruit and veg (although the quality of it varied).   All the different nouveau brands you can think of that are on a mission to make us eat raw, eat natural, eat local, eat organic.   There's also an aisle for beauty products, such as Burt's Bees, JASON etc. with skin products, hair products, baby products in case you want to wrap your little darlings bottom in cotton that hasn't even touched the ground let alone been produced in any nasty, earth-hating way.   This is all really good. Great in fact. The only reason it's not so great is that, it seems is the trend just now, with the choice to be 'good' in every sense of the word (to the environment, to workers, and to your body) comes a hefty price tag.  I was browsing the snack bars aisle, which are my new favourite thing (dates, nuts, oats cinamon all rolled into one tasty snack bar YUM) but then had to put several back when I saw they cost around £1.50 bar. Yum but not that yum.  The staff are super friendly though. It's got a real earthy, homegrown feel to it, and you can tell everyone here believes in the cause they're selling. I would frequent more often, and my body would probably reap the benefits, if only I had the extra pennies to be eco-friendly.
4 Veggie/vegan eco friehndly paradise. If you are after even the most obscure item or ingredient i would bet on them having it here. Good lot of remedies health and bodycare stuff here too.
4 This place is delicious. After finally dragging my arse out of Artisan Roast down the way, I managed to crawl into this store and my eyes opened with amazement!   So much awesomely delicious food!   I am vegetarian and gluten-free so I tend to have a hard time shopping for food sometimes.  Fear no more - Real Foods is here! (by the way, how much do you love that name? It's so true, it's actually selling real food! Not packaged, chemically-induced crap)  The place isn't massive but they pack it in there pretty well to give you all the amazing foods you could want!  I would have to agree with Jenny though that the reason why they only get 4 stars instead of 5 is for their larger than my pocketbook price tags. Some things are just a little too expensive for my teeny tiny wallet and my even teenier tiny paycheck. So yes, I will be coming back but I suppose I will have to make wise food choices here in order to stretch my money a little more so I can just have a little more spice in my life!
4 Real foods is ok.. loads of stock of nearly everything imaginable... they have a beauty section, wine section & a awesome muesli section (where you pick your own out of these big bag). I love coming in here & wondering around... usually come out with something new to try. I find it really expensive, but then again most "health" style food shops are, but its funny how they have a small Japanese section with items about 4x the price of exactly the same items in the Chinese/Japanese supermarket about 1minutes walk away. The staff can vary, some have been so helpful & chatty and helped me find products I like while giving their own genuine opinion, which I appreciated. Other times they have been a bit cold, bordering rude & haven't got a clue. I don't mean this to sound like a bad review because I do recommend this shop, but this sort of business usually needed assistants who can really help customers as they do have some unusual products!
4 Real Foods is the place where you can generally find stuff you cannot get from supermarkets. I go there for their great value super healthy muesli, which you can buy per 250g, 500g or a kilo and stock up on herbal tea.  I'm a bit of a herbal tea freak and they have a fab selection, with often some special offers on. The stuff from their own brand is great value, from couscous grain to spices. They have all sorts of baking products, including wheat-free and gluten-free stuff.   A lovely selection of healthy foods and drinks too.  You can also get veggie recipes from their website.
4 Dragonfly bean and tofu burgers, cheezly, raw vegan cheesecake and brownies, agave syrup, organic pumpkins and coconut ice cream.  Real foods is a treasure trove of vegetarian, vegan, gluten free and healthy foods. You can come here to buy loose oats and dried pulses, refill your ecover, find alternatives to nutella and stock up on nori seaweed for that sushi dinner party...  I really like Real foods, and if I were rich, I would spend a lot of money here. Having problems now with both dairy and gluten, AND being a vegetarian, Real foods caters well for me. The prices are a little high, though there is a 10% student discount, and if you are clever you can find some bargains.  I love the range of fresh vegetarian foods such as pasties, salads, tofu, cake etc. They are produced by ziggy's, jordan's wholefoods, hendersons, the engine shed, au gourmand, and numerous other well known local vegetarian institutions. The vegetables are all organic, colourful, and oddly shaped (far more natural). The freezer is well stocked with booja booja ice cream, swedish glace, fry's veggie burgers and more. The dry goods always look exciting, various interesting ethnic sources, alternatives to sugar, cashew butter, an extensive range of teas (including yogi and pukka) and gluten free/vegan baking kits.   Really lovely local health food shop, the only improvement I can think of would be more vegan and gluten free fresh cakes! And perhaps a few budget options...
4 Hurrah for Real Foods.  I was so put out when Waitrose stopped stocking my beloved veggie Parmesan cheese, but a colleague recommended to try here and they have it.  I would shop here just for  that. Spent a small fortune on impulse purchases whilst here. Really helpful staff.
4 All sorts of wonderful finds in here!  I Usually pop in here for my vegan & Gluten free chocolate here cocoa powder for baking and walk out with more than what was on my list, so it can be expensive!  It's quite a specialist shop, so prices tend to be a little high than a regular supermarket.  The staff are always chatty and very helpful especially when I need something on the highest shelf (usually the polenta)!!  I buy the ingredients for Mrs C's Cakes from here because the staff are very good for making sure i have the ingredients i'm after or seeking.  They have kept me up to date with a certain choc chip shortage via twitter - so excellent customer service!
4 They have great fresh produce, and an assortment of raw nuts that gets me tingling. They carry some American brands, which adds a little comfort to the shopping experience, like AlmondBreeze- no sugar added, the best almond milk ever made. They do have tofu and tempeh, though I don't eat soy. They have GF baking stuff, GF breads, cereals and snacks- so that's a major bonus. I have not bought any of their vitamins or health concoctions because they are insanely expensive, but maybe that is a UK thing.  The only thing about this store are the staff I've interacted with have not been friendly. Also, this is the smaller of the two stores, and the people at the other one are nicer.
4 I love this place. As a vegan, Real Foods is a great grocery shopping destination. They have plenty of healthy, wholesome vegan products available. I come here on average about every 2 weeks. The only downside is that they can be quite expensive, but to me it's worth it for the quality of the products, many of them imported. I agree some of the staff (not all) are not the friendliest. A few times when I've asked questions the staff seemed annoyed that I talked to them, and I've had an impatient staff member woman assist me at the till. However they are not all this way, and the guy who seems to always be there is very friendly!
