4 You can tell without even walking in that Moleta Munro is a higher class of decoration store.  It sells painfully cool decor, sleek as shit appliances and an assortment of mod cons too trendsetting for words. Although you know you don't really need a £35 mug, it's hard to resist since they are of Scandinavian design and look urban amazing.  Moleta Munro have been hailed as brilliant in most reviews, and can boast of being named a prolific business by the Herald amongst others. From various reviews (which you can read throughout the store and on their website), they have been praised by just about everyone who steps foot over their hallowed threshold.   The acclaim is deserved but unfortunately I can only treat the gorgeous wallpaper and graphic-printed tables as exhibits in a trendy museum, since there's no way I can afford anything in here. The Scandinavian school of designers displayed here are phenomenal (they're like students in the Bauhaus of the 21st century) but I can only look lustily on and leave spending to high earners.  But there's always room for a knitted fox cushion...right?
4 I totally agree with the other girls - Moleta Munro just screams cool.  They stock everything from fireplaces to decking furniture. Where I would usually swoon over everything in this shop but never be able to afford it, I can confidently go in here knowing that I can afford at least something. A candle holder....or a bike basket. They sell the most extraordinary things! The majority of their stock is, as Marj has said, really ridiculously expensive, but every now and then they have a 25% off sale, or offers in newspapers, so it's worth keeping an eye out.  I am not ashamed to admit it, sometimes I dress up just to go into this shop and look around. I feel cool, so why shouldn't I look it??
1 http://moletamunro.com/shop/product.html?category=lighting&prodid=203  It's not radical design, that right there looks no different from what you get from Ikea!!!   Lets take some Pro-tips!  -If you need to spend £319 on a light, there is something wrong with you. -If you think your friends will be impressed, they will not. It's a light. If they are, get new friends. -If you have this amount of money to spent, give it to charity.  How much food that can buy somebody in Africa?
4 Uber stylish, uber cool, Moleta Munro screams people who have too much money and need to show it in the form of a ridiculously overpriced abstract light bulb. Perhaps, I'm just jealous because I couldn't dream of buying half of the items here but I will admit that most of the stock is very nice if a little unpractical.  I was drawn here the other day as there was a crowd gathered around the window staring at the biggest lamp I have ever seen. It's hard to describe but it was around 4 feet tall and the lampshade an stand all morphed into one. There was no light switch but it just stood there glowing like a massive, lamp shaped glow in the dark star. Strange, but quite cool.  In addition to the oddball lamp they also have a tonne of mirrors and clocks in various shapes and designs that are bound to make a statement in your living room and various other quirky knicks knacks too.
