5 Finlay's make the best black pudding ever. Their range of sausages is truly staggering. Joe Finlay has be on the shortlist for local food hero and it's absolutely deserved. They do Xmas orders.
5 I should be saying I like healthy stuff, I do but sometimes you can't beat a roll 'n' sausage or some black pud, especially the morning after the night before's over-indulgence. Being Gluten Free, my unhealthy world was somewhat limited until the move to the Burgh. Yes Findlay's, the saviour of my hangover's, I love you!  From mucho varieties of sausage (herby, plain, pork, beef, Italian, Spanish just to name a few) to white and black puddings and haggis, there are lots of options for the gluten free gourmet. Have tried four varieties of the sausages, they are fab. All perfectly flavoured and packed full of meat, unlike the 'evil' supermarket versions which are packed full of non meaty extras.   The black pudding is just perfect - lightly spiced (not overpowering like some versions) and has converted some non pud eaters, so the requests for some to be despatched West have been received.   The daddy of them has to be the haggis. Didn't make it to Findlay's for my own GF Burns' supper, but hell, I'm Scottish and always have whiskey in the bottle, so Burns' night is now April. Gorgeously, moist and spiced haggis, which hasn't dried out as cheaper versions do - just pure class :-)  Prices are reasonable too, instead of the usual 'its GF so we'll massively overcharge you for it because we know you'll pay it', it was about £2.50 for black pudding and around £4 for haggis but I bought a few different things at the time so don't quote me exactly on this!   Well worth a visit - they have a good reputation for 'normal' products, but for GF products, they are fab :-D
5 As BBQ season should be getting under way (where is the summer?) it's that time of year when I used to struggle as being gluten free burnt sausages and burgers used to be off the menu, until that is I discovered Findlay's of Portobello!   The choice of sausages made freshly on the premises is fantasitc, from Toulouse, pork, spicy Italian and Spanish to good old British beef, however you need to get there early on a Saturday as they sell out fast! However if you're running late they are more than happy to keep some aside for you if you phone ahead. I'd definately recommend the black pudding, it's definately my favourite.. It's got just the right amount of spice and so moist, perfect on fresh crisp toast as a Sunday breakie treat.. Great value too at about £3 for about 600g!   A great local butcher with a great variety of nice pickles and sauces to compliment every type of meat. Well worth a wee trip to the seaside!! :-)
