3 I discovered many little gems during my short stint of living in Bruntsfield, and this fantastic diner, owned by a couple, was one of them!  You won't miss the traditional diner sign hanging outside the restaurant, and the food is just as wholesome as you'd expect a place like this to be. The starters are quite wonderful on their own (which include cheese filled jalapenos, and garlic mushrooms) and I'd be tempted to make a meal out of one them and the devilish desserts. Like most diners, this place isn't too concerned with watching calories, and after your meal you've got the option of having banoffee shortcake, pecan pie, and sticky toffee pudding to top things off  And finally I get to the main dishes, which I've saved for last! Firstly, because they can be a little pricey for what you'd expect at a diner; the fillet of steak is over £20, and there is no burger that costs less than £8! And secondly, because there're so many great options I feel like eating my way through the whole menu. Katie's prides themselves on using fresh Scottish beef, and ALOT of it, and the steaks and many burgers, as well as salads, come in all sorts of flavours, my favourite being the garlicky chicken salad and the good ol' BBQ burger!  I've always gravitated more towards these places where one can get wholesome meals rather than the "2 pieces of designer potatoes and a strategically placed leaf" restaurants, so Katie's certainly does it for me.
5 Oh Katie's.  Thank you for being you.  When my husband and I desire steak, we only go to Katie's, each and every time.  It's steak that makes you honestly upset when the plate is clear because you wish it could have lasted just a little bit longer.  The food, the atmosphere, everything about Katie's Diner makes an evening out here always worth it.     Last weekend was no different from every other time we've been to Katie's for dinner.  The diner is small but cosy with unique pictures on the wall of places Katie and her husband, Geoff have traveled.  It was quite busy Friday but as we had a booking we were sat at a small table in the corner.  The menu has 4 different cuts of steak to choose from (I had the sirloin, husband has the fillet).  You can top the steak with several different choices of sauces (we always go with the herb butter).  And when it all comes out the plate is loaded with chips, salad, and slaw.  Plus the glorious steak.  So juicy, so moist, so tender.  This is how a steak should be prepared.  Katie's Diner uses 100% Scottish beef and you can truly taste the difference. It's probably the best steak I've had in town.  And the prices are worth it- you'll pay more for lesser quality in a pub, or really anywhere else.    Katie's is BYOB with a cork charge, but again it's worth it.  Katie's also does burgers and other mains, but I've never tried them and honestly never will; if you couldn't tell already I kinda like the steak.  So next time you're looking for a place for dinner I highly recommend Katie's Diner.  You won't be disappointed.
5 My first dinner in Edinburgh and one of the best meal I had.  Katie's Diner was one of the highest selections of my long, long list of places I wished to try to get a meal. After reading the few reviews on Yelp I was almost sure that I would have liked it. A wee, cosy, relaxing, nice place with a warm atmosphere granted by the welcoming owner (and also by the customers, I would say). All this I was expecting and I found it all in an early Thursday evening. Moreover, the wonderful view across the Meadows, reaching Arthur's Seat on the other side was a plus that I enjoyed in a very special way, on entering the Diner.  The sirloin was really good. I asked for a medium-rare cooking and it was perfectly done. The salad was fresh and tasty as well.  A very nice time spent in a very nice place. I went away with the feeling that nothing could have gone in a better way.
3 Katie's Diner seems to be like hamburger heaven for folk. So perhaps it was my folly to order the BBQ Chicken Cheese & Bacon melt. It sounded really delicious. And I ate it all and was satisfied. But it left me wanting a little more; and I have a feeling if I'd ordered a burger or steak I may have been far more enamoured.  For the last 2 years I've run past Katie's Diner, overlooking the Bruntsfield Links from its corner location, and thought it was closed. It looks old, run-down and has that real old-age American Diner feel about it. Turns out it is open. It's small inside, and popular, but not widely known. So they only open if they have customers.   The inside is definitely homely. A bit old and dated, but cute and endearing. Pink walls, odd bric-a-brac on the walls. It's run by a husband-wife team, and the husband (who serves front of house and who we met) is just lovely.  The menu is American diner basics. Scampi, chicken wings, nachos. Burgers, steaks, chicken. The burgers and steaks had an array of toppings and dressings and sounded good. But I thought the chicken bacon cheese melt would be equally good.  It was essentially a chicken breast, butterflied, with two strips of bacon and a slice of that 80s style bright orange plastic cheese on top (that wasnt melted) then slathered in BBQ sauce on top. Basic. Tasted a-ok. But nothing exceptional, and something I could have done at home easily.  I would go back to try the burgers and steak. It was sweet, and family run. But it didn't blow my socks off at all. Perhaps it was just the meal I ordered. But I do want to keep supporting such a lovely, family-run and endearing business, that is very local and almost seems to be a hidden secret in plain view on the Meadows.
3 This place does well as to what it does. Which is steaks, burgers and chicken dishes. There are a few tables in the restaurant, which filled up during the evening.  The kitchen is on the same floor and the toilets are in the below backroom.   You can tell this is a normal house, or at least it used to be. The restrooms are in a room that used to function as a living room, fireplace and all. When we visited this was still being renovated. Couch against the wall, some wallpaper stripped and work tools lying about. The restaurant itself was decorated with heavy curtains and several portable heaters. Some Jack Vettriano and Midwest USA posters and pictures dotted around the place.  I found the chairs uncomfortable, BYOP (*pillow). We found several open Wifi connections so no real need to ask if they had some of their own, we'll just stick to piggy-backing.   The owner (Jeff) was very pleasant and very kindly let Anita A. decide where she wanted to sit.after trying out 2 spots and some 'mm, I don't know's She decided close to the heater. Good choice. Cosy.  Though Jeff took a little while to take our drinks order, it was OK as we were pouring over the menu anyway. What a lovely choice we had here: four kinds of local 21 day hung steaks with 6 different ways of preparing, with a variety of sauces and marinades. There were many burgers to choose from, and also some chicken and vegetarian options.   I choose the deep fried breaded jalapenos peppers stuffed with cheese. Nice.  For main I had a Sirloin, blue cheese and chips. This was cooked as specified and the chips where fine and crunchy.   For the prices and the personal touches this place is quite good. Don 't expect fine dining, nor clever cooking gimmicks. Katie's Diner provides good food, honest service and a place to relax when having a meal.   I will certainly go back here again, but I would like to see the down stairs rooms finished and a little more comfort on the chairs.
4 A recent voucher deal didn't quite turn out the way it was supposed to... as the restaurant had unexpectedly closed down. I didn't have a plan B in mind, so it was time to wander round the area and look for other options.  Katie's Diner came to rescue. I have always wanted to try this place out, as it seems to have good reviews so this was a good opportunity.  The restaurant had no other diners when we came in, but filled up eventually. We were greeted warmly by the owner who gave the menus and took our drink orders.  I had a glass of house red, and it was a very reasonable £2.95 for a small (175ml) glass. The wine was ok, not great but not bad either :)  I now know that they do BYOB as well, which I might consider next time when I visit this establishment (there will be a next time, definitely!)  I shared a starter of jalapeno peppers stuffed with cream cheese and coated with breadcrumbs. They came with a little pot of chilli sauce. The peppers were very tasty, a nice start for the dinner.   Oooh and the chicken! I was so happy I went with my choice of Hawaiian chicken, which was a chargrilled chicken breast with a chargrilled pineapple ring on top. It came with salad, coleslaw and chips. The chicken was absolutely delicious - a really good charcoal flavour and well on taste. The chips however were just 'ok'.   I loved the simple but delicious home cooked food at Katie's Diner. The atmosphere was also very relaxing and the owner Jeff was very welcoming and friendly.  Some reviews mention the decor as being outdated and perhaps it is - but I think in a way it just adds up to this places own character. I personally am not that bothered by the decor, as long as the food delivers and here it certainly does!
