3 The Grosvenor is a nice wee tavern in a central area of Edinburgh serving up a good, honest pint and the occasional pie.  Situated just beyond Princes Street on Shandwick Place, it's a nice, quiet pub to grab a quick lunch and a quick pint before heading off to do some adventuring in Edinburgh.  It's a laid back kinda place, with traditional decor, loads of tables and some simple (but comfy) sofas to lounge on.  As well as offering up the standard pub fayre, they seem to have a mix of music on the menu, with everything from Pet Shop Boys to Pink humming out the speakers in the background.   The bar staff are friendly, it's peaceful and the pints are cheap as chips (including Kronenburg), so it makes a great place to grab a few beers while having a catch up with a friend.
3 I stopped in here for a few drinks with friends on our way to Murrayfield during the Six Nations, and it was absolutely rammed as it seemed that everyone else had exactly the same idea.  Despite it being packed to the rafters, we got served relatively quickly. It was a bit scruffy drinking a pint of a plastic glass in a pub though, but the said they'd already run out of proper glass ones by that point... it was 11:30 in the morning. Plastic glasses aside, it was a nice little pub with a really good atmosphere. Rugby or no rugby, this place place attracted a really fun crowd and, unlike a lot of pubs on sports match days, there were no scuffles.  It's just off the West End of Princes Street, so if it's a pint you're after rather than a swanky cocktail that you'd find in the likes of The Rutland, tyou could do a lot worse than pop in here.
3 Just your average , quiet pub and not in a bad way. That perfect spot you can duck out of the rain or kill some time with a pint. The have a good variety of beers , decent pub food and real nice service . Not to much else to the place but I enjoy it. If you want a quiet pub to go read a paper or just chill out this is the place.
3 my work friend and i were headed out for a few drinks on a cold and rainy night, so wanted to head somewhere not too far from the bus stop on lothian road.  she recommended The Grosvenor as she'd been before and i was happy to head there as it meant a two minute walk from the bus to the pub and out of the rain!  this pub is nice, it's done up in a traditional sort of way with a massive bar counter so you can get served quickly.  there were loads of seats and on a thursday night it seemed to be relatively busy with more people arriving as we sat and chatted.  we shared a bottle of white wine that was well priced (only about £13-14), nachos, and a portion of chips.  the wine was good and the bar snacks were quite tasty although nothing super spectacular.  the waiting staff were quite nice and they do table service as well as bar service so we didn't even have to get up to order another glass of wine when the bottle was good.  i'd recommend this place for a quick pre dinner drink or somewhere handy to meet up before a night out.  it's not pricey and has a good atmosphere, so a nice change to the chic and sometimes trite style of the bars nearby.
5 I found The Grosvenor and the atmosphere very homely and cosy and relaxing with its antique style decor and candles on the tables. Its very family and child friendly and the staff didn't seem to mind my 2 year old niece running around (not wildly) and were very pleasant and helpful. Food was excellent! Prices were reasonable! I love it!
