5 I used to love Past Times as a kid, thinking it was like a miniature museum! My mum took me in there all the time, especially at Christmas, where she'd buy loads of books for herself since she's a bit of a history buff.  Since they shut down the main Glasgow branch I've not been in for years, but I think I appreciate it even more as an adult! With every section ordered off into time periods, they sell tasteful gifts and enlightening books on major movements in history. They sell everything, from quaint, Victorian inspired makeup cases to country kitchen style mugs.  Along with cute and gently humorous gift ideas they have an amazing selection of art nouveau and art deco influenced stock. They had some beautiful Mucha notepads, photo albums not to mention an absolutely stunning mirror for only £28! I found myself lost for ages, my head buried in art deco anthologies (the staff were friendly so they didn't mind me reading for ten minutes) and feeling nostalgic for my childhood when I saw Past Times' guest stars - Sooty, Sweep and Bagpuss!  Magical. With their gorgeous, low priced old fashioned jewellery and unusual, high quality gifts, I can only sing the praises of Past Times!
5 Anybody who knows me can tell you how much I love shopping for cool vintage wear. http://www.yelp.com/list/wpVHbH0J1ibqSbmUPUh5YA  There's just something about stylish vintage wear that just really turns me on.  Maybe it's the fact that vintage clothes are just better made and fit me better.  Maybe it's because most vintage wear wasn't made by some 11 year old sweatshop worker in China.  Or maybe it's just 'cos vintage wear is just way more fun!  As I once asked an Illinois Yelp friend of mine, would you rather have a faux vintage Yes concert T-shirt purchased at some big box retailer like Target or Walmart?  Or would you rather have a REAL vintage Yes T?  I decided to do a little shopping and catch up with my husband Rick later on.  I was so thrilled to find this gem of a store.  I understand it is part of a chain in the U.K.  For myself I found a gorgeous art deco  silver & onyx tassle pendant .  For my Cousin Cindy, I found a lovely set of Ancient Britian beaten earrings.  And for my husband Rick, I got him a vintage Union Jack watch.  But oh my!  Was I ever the proverbial kid in the candy store here!  They have such wonderful vintage clothes, books, toys, etc.  I could have easily blown our entire vacation budget here!
3 This is a shop that harks back to the good old days.  Rather strangely, however, it seems to hark back to the good old English rather than Scottish days, because they have completely failed to realise that this shop is in fact in Scotland whereas the majority of their stock is more focused on the English market.  Whilst unlikely to create any friction I do question whether there is a market among Scots for a DVD documenting England's world cup winning triumph in 1966, but I'm sure there's a reason why it's there and I presume there must be a demand for it.  The items themselves, whilst very reasonably priced are divided between the slightly stereotypical and the previously popular such as Mrs Beeton's which will offer invaluable advice with how to deal with your servants.  It's a nice enough gimmick shop, but one you tend to look around and then leave without buying anything complementing the shop on being a bit different.
4 Past Times gift shock is an excellent store to pop into if you're looking for a present for someone. It has an excellent range of jewellery, trinkets and other knick knacks for both females and males and the prices are very reasonable indeed.  Their selection of jewellery is excellent, all sterling silver at very affordable prices. I noticed a few pretty items that were all designed with birth stones so an excellent birthday gift. They also have a gorgeous selection of brooches, hair clasps and compact mirrors.   For male relatives they have a good selection of cufflinks, mugs with quirky sayings and other little novelty items that are just a bit of fun so would make excellent stocking fillers.  The staff here are very friendly and the whole shop has a lovely welcoming atmosphere and everything is very well organised making it a pleasure to browse.
5 So is Past Times Trading closed?  The website appears to be active.
