4 No wonder this place is always busy, it really has one of the best views in the world. We took two teens here to eat and they loved it. The staff squeezed us in on condition that we vacated before the booking that was coming in later. It is a boutique hotel, I've only eaten here and if that's anything to go by I'm sure staying here would be great. As South Queensferry was a small fishing village, parking is really difficult. Be prepared to park and walk to the restaurant. Even if you don't want to eat, this is a nice place to go for a drink.
3 A pretty place for pricey drinks along the water.  They have a restaurant angle too, but I've just been for after-dinner drinks. The barstaff were a bit snotty when I asked for dark rum and then saw that they had my brand of choice, Sailor Jerry, and then was told that it wasn't "really a dark rum" and the girl tried to make me get something else.  Thankfully I'm not bullied about my booze! :p  Expensive and a bit out of place in Queensferry, but nice.
2 Orocco Pier is one of the swankier joints in town. Actually its really a hotel, but is known as a restaurant and bar venue.   Like its more humble friend down the road, The Boathouse, Orocco Pier's restaurant doesn't have the greatest vegetarian selection. It serves such appetising meals as a "roast suckling pig" (for a bargain £6.35). In the end I did settle for the gnocchi, which tasted nice, but was clearly geared toward people who liked to look at their food more than eat it. The restaurant tends to offer more fancy schmancy dishes like "crab linguine" or "sweet and sour duck leg" (okay maybe not fancy in China, but it is for South Queensferry). For all of these main dishes expect to pay a varied amount of somewhere between £7 and £15.  These dishes are presented a very lovely fashion. But I'm someone that tends to like big portions if I'm splashing out. Maybe I'm just a glutton and need to appreciate the aesthetic of food decoration more. But for now this isn't really my cup of tea.  I should add that like a lot of places in town, Orocco Pier does offer yet another fantastic view of the Forth and the Forth Bridges.
4 Having been back a handful of times since my first review, I'll give it a raise in starpoints.  I've been here with my boyfriend, with his parents, and with a whole slew of multi-generational family members!  I've had drinks and snacks and they've been served happily (and strongly) and they kept a rather large group of people's drinks straight and quickly served.   Whenever I'm in Queensferry, I really enjoy the Orocco Pier.
4 Great view, attentive staff, and may I say delightful choices from light fare to hearty meals. I went with a colleague of mine to celebrate independence day since I was on business travel that day. He had scallops and light fare while I had suckling pig, haggis dumplings, and mashed potatoes in a wonderful gravy like sauce. So delicious. The seafood looked and was reported as delicious and fresh. Desert, I had ice cream and sticky toffee. Huge portion of toffee, but was wonderful. No complaints here at all. Would go again in a heartbeat. Ambiance, service, and delicious food presented with class.
4 I hope to return to Orroco Pier quite soon and give it an upgrade to five star but as I only ate from lunch menu four will have to suffice this time.  This place has a lovely atmosphere and the decor is trendy and up to date, very much like the menu I suppose.  The fish cake my friend chose was delicious and the mushroom lasagne that I devoured was calarific with butter cheeses and other yummy ingredient , I always spy on other diners food and the burgers looked huge and very good too. We dined with a child and were given an extra plate and I found the waiter very attentive but not ott. Really liked this place will definitely be going back for dinner.
3 I hope to return to Orroco Pier quite soon and give it an upgrade to five star but as I only ate from lunch menu four will have to suffice this time.  This place has a lovely atmosphere and the decor is trendy and up to date, very much like the menu I suppose.  The fish cake my friend chose was delicious and the mushroom lasagne that I devoured was calarific with butter cheeses and other yummy ingredient , I always spy on other diners food and the burgers looked huge and very good too. We dined with a child and were given an extra plate and I found the waiter very attentive but not ott. Really liked this place will definitely be going back for dinner. Oh dear it's down graded the samphire restaurant disappointed with small portions, obviously reheated mash potatoes and over use of micro herbs on a steak, when we had made a point of questioning forth coming herbs on  the menu  - told the herbs ran lightly through the salad - not so - it ruined my husbands steak even though we pointed this out, don't like to complain, no reaction was forth coming. Fault of waitress? Chef? Us..? Sorry won't go back.
4 Where do I start with Orocco Pier?  Immaculately presented restaurant and a menu to die for!  Starter, main and dessert were all extremely well presented and delicious.  I find it is rare that a restaurant can serve really good pan fried scallops consistently but the chef here has got his technique nailed down!  My only three criticisms (and I hasten to add these are very very minor) are:  1.  The restaurant is a very busy place and can become quite crowded although this is usually the sign of a good restaurant.  It can make it difficult to book a table which takes advantage of the beautiful views.  2.  Being a steak fan I ordered a medium rare steak which in my opinion was under cooked on the outside and a bit over cooked on the inside for medium rare.  The steak was still very tasty though!  3.  We were not offered any condiments with the meal (although I am sure we could have had some if we had asked!).  All in all I would highly recommend it if you are a steak or a seafood fan!  Will certainly be returning!  Our server, Robbie, was extremely polite and attentive.  Well done!
2 Used to quite like the atmosphere in Orocco Pier. It was a semi-regular haunt for me on a visit to South Queensferry, what with the nice view and warm and cosy space complete with some couches and newspapers.   However, I hate to be a moan but on my last visit to this place on New Year's Day I was charged £5 for two mugs of tea. Originally they were meant to be presented to me in paper cups but I objected to the idea that I'd sit in at a restaurant and get served hot drinks in paper receptacles. The barman could tell I was peeved and offered to decant the cuppas into mugs. Upon discovering the £5 cost I almost didn't pay for them. I hate being ripped off!! I recognise it was New Year's Day, but come on guys. Five quid for two teabags and milk? It wasn't even table service - I had to sort out my teas at the bar. Grrr.  So, boo to the Orocco Pier. I won't be back. There are plenty other lovely places in South Queensferry that can take my money instead.
4 Not too familiar with Queensferry and after a quick Yelp consultation, I chose the bar/restaurant at the Orocco Pier hotel, to shelter from the storms outside. And what a good choice it was.  With ambient lighting, polished mahogany floors and a contemporary, stylish interior, it makes for a very comfortable and relaxing space. A large glass front and floor-to-ceiling windows at the back giving it brilliant natural lighting. Not to mention panoramic views out to the Forth and rail bridge!  The menu is a classic bistro type affair with a slight bias towards seafood. It's varied and has something for everyone.  The food is fresh, well cooked and tasty. It certainly warrants a strong three star rating.  The extra star, however, was earned by the staff. The service I received was some of the best I have experienced. Initially, one of my vegan companions ordered off the menu, essentially asking for a goats cheese dish without the cheese. Our waiter decided that it was not good enough and had the kitchen make up an alternative instead.  Initially, I ordered the prawn salad, billed on the menu as "Prawn salad with sun blushed tomato dressing" Despite crossing my mind, I failed to clarify whether or not this was essentially a Prawn Cocktail; something I don't eat. When it came, it was, essentially, a Prawn Cocktail. Explaining this to our server, it was returned to the kitchen with many apologies and replaced with a very tasty, customised dish of grilled prawns. Unexpectedly, we were then offered any drink of our choice 'on the house' as further apology. All of this, despite being in large part my own stupid fault, is certainly impressive service.  Overall, it's a beautiful spot for something (very reasonably priced as well) to eat or just have a drink and enjoy the views.
2 I have the impression about Orocco Pier that the views it affords customers makes up for many the the shortfall left by the supposedly arty platings of the various dishes served. The table service we experienced was friendly and pretty efficient but price-wise, particularly for drinks, I found it lacking in value for money.  The food was generally tasty enough although I've had better ravioli. It'll be a while before I think about going back.
