4 This rather large charity shop has a great selection of stuff. Like a lot of charity shops in this area it benefits from the relatively wealthy locals and therefore has a good stock of quality furniture, kitchen appliances, books etc. It primarily has furniture, kitchen equipment and bric-a-brac (including cute tea pots!). Well worth a shot if you are just browsing for something cheap.
4 This is a great charity shop to go to for furniture or for electrical items.  In terms of furniture, you can expect to get chairs for about £5 (or slightly more for less basic chairs) and tables and sideboards will be in the region of £15.  If you need furniture on a budget you must come have a look here as there are some items that are amazing good values - chairs from here will be cheaper than some books in other charity shops.    The other area of note is in electrical items and you do get some great items here.  The other week I was passing in the evening and saw a keyboard for £30 that was a top of the line keyboard with all the bells and whistles; in was in good condition and I imagine had barely been used.  If it wasn't for the fact that it had been reserved I probably would have made a return trip during the day to pick it up, because at these prices you are tempted to buy anything.  I guess that is the main criticism I would hold against this shop and that is that it is such good value you end up buying things you don't need and don't have room for, but as criticisms go I'm not sure that's one they're going to fret about.
5 The Bethany Shop is absolutely wonderful. Given that it's a charity shop there's no real theme to the stuff it sells. They tend to get a lot of furniture in, but then they also get plenty of clothes, electricals and cool old leather suitcases. They also have CDs, records, cassettes. You name it.  The thing that makes The Bethany Shop stand out from other shops, however, is the quality of stuff they seem to get in. Nearly new electrical items line the right hand side of the shop. The furniture they get donated is astounding. The oak chest of drawers in there today for £40 was hugely impressive.  This is one of a few Bethany Shops in Edinburgh. They're all very good but this is my favourite. Whether it's the generous people of Morningside donating their high quality things or the helpful, friendly staff that seems to make this one stand out I'm not sure, but I always end up buying stuff I don't need in there.  All for a good cause though.
5 This place is right next to my flat. Good and bad. Good for the thrift store addict in me. Bad for the thrift store addict in me.   They sometimes have a smaller selection than other stores but they always have some good stuff.   The staff here are always so sweet and helpful and if there's not a price on something they just ask me what I want to pay for it!   They also have some amazing furniture for super prices...unfortunately I live in a furnished flat that would bust at the seams if I took any furniture it but, a girl can dream, can't she?
