4 When I lived in a flat off Gilmore Place the Bombay Bicycle Club was my go-to Indian takeaway. So popular was it with my flatmates and I that for a while I would receive text messages on the way home that only read, 'BOMBAY?'. Weirdly the delivery man would always arrive to the door in a full suit which made us feel especially guilty for slobbing out with a takeaway in our pj's. No matter what time of day we ordered it always took them at least 40 minutes to arrive although it was always worth it. Byriani, Sagg and Red Fort were our standard orders although the Dupiaza was also pretty good. Three curries between four was easily enough in fact, by the time we got through the bread and rice we often had too much.  Even though the restaurant has had a recent revamp I would still find it a bit odd to eat IN here. The seats all seem to be pressed against the windows and I'd feel as though the whole street was watching me. I've heard good things about the service but if I was going OUT for curry I'd probably wander down the road to Gandhi's instead. Great for delivery but awkward to sit in!
4 I'm not really masterfully adept at recognising a good Indian: my weak British mouth can't handle the chilli and often leaves an unshakeable burning sensation for the rest my meal, ultimately ensuring I can't make head or foot of what I'm eating.  Deciding to man up and re-kindle my Indian food knowledge I opted for the BBC's kashmiri curry with a liberal dose of Cobra beer.  Much to my surprise I found I could recognise each flavour rather than  sweating the spices away and subsequently had an enjoyable meal.  Reasonably priced and with a cool name, I'll be back again.
4 This great little Indian restaurant is located in the Tollcross area of the city.  Like Sam, I have a palette that prefers non-spicy food, so I ordered a mild curry when I visited here for a friend's leaving meal.  It wasn't at all busy on the night I visited.  The waiters were vigilant, and it did almost feel like we were being watched as we sat and ate the meal.  The food was very tasty though, and appeared swiftly after ordering.  This was no doubt helped by the fact that there weren't many customers.  This place didn't bowl me over like Kismot, but it was still a good night out with some tasty food.  I would like to go back some time, and I suggest you bear it in mind as a place worth visiting.
4 I had the spiciest curry EVER in Bombay Bicycle Club for lunch one day and I don't think my tongue has ever recovered!  This restaurant serves authentic Indian cuisine and there is a really lovely and homely feel to the inside.   Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Bombay Bicycle Club is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach.   Their lunch menu is truly awesome, and they offer a wide range of Indian dishes. I had the onion bhaji to start which was very tasty followed by chicken with a chili and garlic curry sauce. They give little warnings next to each dish stating whether the meal is mild or hot which is handy, but I paid no attention to it and went charging in and ordered a 'hot' dish and boy was it hot! The curry was really delicious and full of flavour, but my tongue had gone pretty numb after a while from the heat and so I couldn't taste much. I feel I should just warn you that extreme caution ought to be paid to the menu when you are choosing your meal and the next time I go here I will definitely play it safe and order a mild curry!   Bombay Bicycle Club serve tandoori and biryani dishes, as well as the more traditional curry's such as madras. There is also a good selection of vegetarian dishes on offer. Takeaways are also available here and they offer a FREE home delivery service - amazing!!    Bombay Bicycle Club is a fantastic curry house and one I will definitely be going back to.
4 So I am a notorious curry fiend. It's all I want to eat, all day long, and I just can't get enough. All my friends have learnt not to get in the way of me and my curry. Luckily Edinburgh has curry houses a-plenty to help me get my fix, so many in fact that it's easy to get overwhelmed and just order from your closest restaurant time and time again. Well, if your closest restaurant is not Bombay Bicycle Club and you haven't yet given it a go, you must promise me you will. I spent a month this Summer in India giving in to all my curry cravings, and when my friends wanted to go for an Indian 2 days after I was back in Edinburgh, I was really nervous about whether I'd enjoy it, or whether comparisons with the Mother Land would leave me in tears. The BBC was incredible - authentic, full of traditional spices and serious about its menu.  I ordered the Marco Polo chicken from the chef's recommendations section of the menu (not a traditional curry name I know, but wait til you eat - you just won't care). It was rich, well-spiced, tangy and saucy, with beautifully marinated chicken strips which were huge. All of my friends were similarly impressed with what they ordered - so much so no-one offered anyone else a taste, being so happy and protective of their own! The restaurant itself is bright and light, and the service was fine; nothing to rave about, but the food most certainly is. It's not the cheapest curry on the block, with traditional curries being at least £9 for chicken and the chef's specials £10, but the taste and ingredients are definitely worth splashing out for.
2 We visited Bombay Bicycle Club last week, as a 2 year anniversary hurrah! following up with some good old Fringe fun. I've passed this place so many times but never managed to make it in, as most of my stories start. I swear, when I say this, I mean it - it's been a good 10years. I am not entirely convinced it was worth it.   I started with vegetable samosas - that looked like they came out of Costco - pretty forgettable. The boy's prawn puri looked much more (and tasted) much better than my option - it's normally my staple, so I was pretty envious as I looked at my sad samosas. For the main, the boy went for the Marco Polo chicken which he devoured happily, and I had the tandoori trout. Lovely seasoning on the trout, but cooked a little too dry. We also shared the Afghan chickpeas, which were pretty delicious as an accompaniment. Naan was too dry and toasted.   Now, I've given it two stars... for why? Well, food-wise, while the main was pleasant, the starter I had was just... eh. I need to find a better word for eh, but at the moment, that's all I can come up with. The mains were pleasant, but in terms of comparing to another restaurant, it isn't food that stands out as memorable, or particular adept at handling the flavours that can be oh-so-amazing or delivered with a blunt hammer. So it would be a 3 star for that.    i drop down to two because I thought the service was pretty lame. Very disinterested, and when you are trying to call the waiter back because he's wandered off halfway through taking your order, that isn't a sign of good service (really, if you think that is, then we need to have a conversation) and doesn't inspire the whole tipping thang, y'know? I'm at a loss for all the praise, as I didn't really experience something that blew my mind, more something that was more mundane than we would have liked.
4 Very good food here.  Living in Naples, we don't get that many varieties, so we're happy to travel anywhere and branch outside Italian cuisine.  This made us happy.  It was crowded on a Saturday, but they fit us into a snug spot.  Only flaw was that our appetizer came out a little cold on the inside (never a good sign).  They were apologetic and gave us a second with another free appetizer.  The entrees of curry, masala, and tandoori were all excellent.
1 We ordered takeaway from BBC this evening. I had great difficulty ordering on the phone, and the order arrived a bit wrong. I rang them up - expecting them to jump to fix it. Firstly they just said sorry, and left it at that I had to ask what they were going to do to fix it - expecting either £ off the next order, a refund of the items I didn't want wihtout the accompaniment, or them to send the stuff straight round (we live a 5 min drive from the place).  Instead they told me I was now at the back of the queue for delivery (when they should have fixed the mistake first...) and would have to wait 30 minutes for my missing items. The item was mango chutney for poppadoms - and I didn't want them without it. I also wanted them before the curry - so I asked for a refund instead. The guy seemed annoyed, but said fine. He then rang up after to say they wanted the poppadoms back when I got my refund, so back they went... the already touched, already out of the bag poppadoms. I really hope someone notices that before they try and eat them!   A £30 takeaway meal for 2 - with average curry - ruined by a bad telephone manner, bad customer service, and the thought... *thethought*... that they have re-served poppadoms to people! *shudder* (PS Try Pataka on Causewayside or Kismot on St Leonards Street. Much nicer service..same price range)  Visited May 2014
