4 This is a great Thai and Chinese restaurant on Leith Walk which is very popular with the locals and, after eating there a few weeks ago, it's clear to see why.  The interior is inviting, clean and fresh and the service is friendly.  Further, the menu is clearly laid out and divided into the Thai and Chinese sections which gives you absolute clarity when choosing what you want.  I opted for something called a Gang Pa Gai which is a Thai 'jungle curry' with a mix of chicken and vegetable.  With this I had egg fried rice and and a bag of prawn crackers.  The whole lot came to about £8 which seemed a lot at the the time, and whilst it took a while to arrive, it was definitely worth it.  The curry was delicious and creamy with a huge range of spices and flavours.  There were some massive chunks of ginger in amongst it, but this just intensified the punch of its overall flavour. Apparantly delivery from this place can take over an hour so I'd recommend you pick it up yourself - it's worth it.
4 Firstly, I have to say - the Silver Bowl is one of the cheapest Thai/ Chinese restaurants I know of - a really decent meal for two, with all the trimmings will set you back only around £12 - which in my opinion, and when you consider how awesome the food is, is one of the best damn deals around.  I always opt for the same thing here, the red thai curry - its amazing and I strongly reccomend it.   The restaurant itself is clean and welcoming, with a hint of traditional decor, as well as some mega friendly staff.
5 The food made me remember a brilliant night in Phuket. I was surfing early in the morning and my wetsuit ripped and one of the locals came to help me fix the zipper. We had some great (broken English) banter and he and his friends took me under their adorable Thai wings and showed me all the local sights. We drank Singa and had a bonfire on the beach and they kept me away from the horrible Australian tourists (forgive me, I love me some Aussies). After they then took me back to their houses (made of bamboo) and prepared and packed an authentic meal that they said I should eat on a hut on the beach to get the full effect of.   So I sat with my new friends "Apple" and "Pog" , ate tofu green curry and they told me legends of Phuket while we watched the sunset.   This never happened, but the food made me remember it. That good.
5 We've recently moved near the area and as you do when you move, we needed some take out!   If you've read any of my reviews you'll know my OH is allergic to nuts, so we are very careful about getting take out, and have spent two years just simply not doing it (probably better for our waistlines!).  We decided to walk across the road and try Silver Bowl. I had delivery from there about 4 years ago and didn't think I was that impressed, but that may have been the delivery company.   We walked in and were not only greeted by very reasonable prices, quick and friendly service - they were fine when we asked about nuts in the recipe and when we got home to dig in - it was absolutely fantastic.  My meal consisted of the sweet & sour prawns in batter with fried rice and my OH had  chicken & oyster sauce. Both were delicious and just the right size portions - we weren't left hungry, but weren't feeling ill either - which is a plus.  Looking forward to going back.
3 I'm mystified by the 4 and 5 star reviews of this place!   Quick service and friendly staff, but the food is your bog standard Chinese takeaway. Nothing more, nothing less. They have a huge menu (over 300 items) covering all the classics. Ask yourself: have you ever been to a restaurant serving over 300 dishes where the food was any good? That's what I thought.  Another odd thing is that the menu has both a Chinese and a Thai section. Ask yourself: have you ever been to a restaurant that did a good job of serving two different kinds of food? Exactly.  The quality is reliable (i.e. reliably average) and the food is freshly prepared but fairly bland (Western style, very light on the chilli) so don't expect anything out of the ordinary.  It does the job when you're on the way home after a few pints on a Thursday, ready to watch Question Time and yell at the TV (or is that just me), but that's it.
2 It's been a while since I ate here but the food left a lasting impression... and NOT of the good kind... I don't remember what I had now but the food was MSG'tastic and left me super thirsty the rest of the evening and complimented me with slightly puffy eyes when I woke up the next day. Agree with Jason, will do in a pinch.. but not a fan.
5 Thai Amaze Bowls  This place rocks my world, their food is off the hook. I absolutely love it, in fact I have to stop myself from ordering from them every night. They are based in Leith but deliver as far afield as Newington, which is good news for me!  I try something different every time, but even if you are just a beginner their classic dishes are great. It all tastes really fresh, so big flavours like coconut, coriander, chilli and garlic really stand out in each dish. It's not all spice and rice either, some really nice easy going dishes, and their thai crackers are perfect for mopping up saucy goodness.  Good price point, not the cheapest delivery you will get in town, but certainly one of the best I have had in a long time.
3 Still hunting for a new Chinese go-to since our favorite local closed. This is better then the other two we've tried in the surrounding block of Leith Walk, but it still didn't blow me away. I am a severe traditionalist and always order sweet and sour chicken to judge the place and the sauce here is a ginger explosion. It was alright, but no where near sweet and sour. The kung pow noodles were good, but again wasn't blown away.   You can order on-line, which is nice and easy and then go pick it up, assuming they might do delivery? The staff was nice when we picked up our order, my main gripe about this place is they are fairly pricier then other Chinese in the area. Although they do have lot of options for any interest.  I think if you can't be bothered to cook and you just want some Chinese take-out this is the place, but it wasn't a "wow" for me. Good, but not over the top yum.
