5 I recently discovered how much I love film photography and thanks to my amazing mum got my hands on an old Nikon in excellent condition. Having hardly any knowledge about film cameras (I was so used to the snap-and-see mentality little digital ones give) I was told that this place is the point of reference for anyhting to do with film cameras in the city.  And it sure is. Located in Morningside, this shop has a passion for photography and it's one of the oldest in the City. They showed me how to load my film and use some of the manual features, as well as some tip bits about my photography. They are certainly my first stop should anything happen to my new (old)baby.  The other occasion I came here was with my friend who is also into photography, but in a more professional way (he has the big lenses and the works for his digital ones). He had this idea of how to best test out optic lenses so it would be easier to compare one another. He went to several photography shops with the unusual request to try out their lenses. The people at Camerabase were great about it. The manager was extremely helpful and cooperative, and my friend left pleased with their customer service.  One last point, the shop is sort of divided to Camerabase that deals with the Sales side (new or second hand cameras, all sorts of equipment for both film and digital) and Cameratiks which deals with repairs.
5 Though slightly out of my way, there is nowhere else I'd go if I had camera-questions. No-one else I'd trust with my precious photographic equipment. I only ever walked in here by mistake. Not because I knew there was a very good camera-shop somewhere in Morningside, but because there was the typical display in the window of beautiful cameras and lenses I could never ever afford.  The people who work there have always been helpful. Answering my incessant questions when I was thinking of splashing out and getting myself an 85mm, 1.8. Film photography might be suffering in the digital age, but Camerabase and Cameratiks are very adamantly in denial. And this is a good thing. By denial, I mean they haven't given up.  And they're also not trying to make money off you at your expense. I took an old digital SLR of mine there for repair because I was foolish enough to let a drunk friend of mine handle it and they pretty much assured me it wasn't worth fixing, that I could probably get a new one for cheaper. And I did.   If you need anything in the realm of cameras, go there. Oh! Before I forget: they also sell expired film (which is a bit like food that's gone out of date: a lie) for cheaper. Film's hella expensive these days so it's good to know there're some places you can get it cheaper. Even if it is at your own risk.
5 A real optical gem.  PRICE: Products here tend to be high-end, but many products are either second-hand or cheap anyway, with good value across these price ranges.  SERVICE: Knowledgeable and friendly.   QUALITY: Kit ranges from a number of beautiful mechanical SLRs to old slide projectors and accessories.  CHOICE: A wide range of old kit and accessories, all well laid out and easy to find.  I chanced upon this shop once when walking the dog and decided that it was well worth a look in. Being a man with a love of cameras I found this shop a delight. Its walls are stacked high with all kinds of finery: monoculars, binoculars, tripods, slide and film projectors, all manner of lenses, a museum-like array of old cameras (some dating back to the middle of the last century and before), digital cameras of various ages and types, old film, new film, camera bags, cleaning solutions and so on.   I spent a long time enjoying looking around, and when it came to asking a couple of questions concerning a rather obscure piece of kit, they had good answers, and displayed that they really did know their stuff.   They do repairs too, and though I am fortunate enough to have not needed their help, I would infer from the look of the workshop at the back that they would know what they are doing.   I would recommend that if you are a mechanical photographer, this should be your stockist, and if you are someone who wants any ancillary kit for either digital or film photography then this place is where you need to be.  As one final note: if you are lucky enough to glance up the stairs at the back, you may have the pleasant surprise of seeing the fluffy and friendly resident border collie lying lazily on the landing...
5 Having broken my camera just before holidays this summer I spent days frantically running around all the so-called camera shops (like Jessops)  in Edinburgh trying to fix it, but in vain. For something as trivial as the lens cover being a bit wonky they wanted £80 and for it to be sent off for a few weeks to the factory. They problem is that none of the people who work in these stores have any skill, or barely even any knowledge when it comes to cameras, they just work in a shop that happens to sell cameras. Rant over  This is not the case with Camerabase; you can tell they pride themselves on their knowledge. Just looking in the window you see lenses and stands of old manual cameras that aren't even made anymore, like Olympus OM1s and OM2s, but are well known to true camera aficionados. The guys here are so helpful and you can tell they love cameras, treating each one with care, even my broken little point and shoot. And the final cost to fix my camera: a snappy 24 quid.
5 It was an evening deep in the middle of winter. My new Canon camera and I had just become acquainted, and it was instantly a splendid marriage of snap-happiness and good times.  However, one night I took a risk. I let my guard down and thought going to a nightclub in Glasgow, without one of those things you attach to your camera so you can loop it round your wrist (camera-loop-string-whatever) would be fine. It wasn't. Predictably it fell to the ground in some sort of slow-mo horror moment, and the lense halted mid-zoom while it made a few pathetic sounds and tried to restart itself.  To cut a long story short I found Cameratiks shortly before I was meant to go to Barcelona, and they fixed my camera to as good as new condition, and did it in super speedy time so I would have it for my trip (at an inexpensive price, around £45). It was totally and absolutely worth the money to have my Canon companion back at my side (now with wrist string attached).
2 I put an old 1970's film SLR in here for repair basically as a test to see if I would use this repairer for high end gear such as Canon DSLR's.  The camera needed a new focusing screen and a meter repair. I requested a verbal quote and it came to £45 total. I proceeded with the work and here is the outcome.  First of all I waited for a phone call to say the camera was ready and waited about 4 weeks from the day I handed it in. No phone call came so i phoned and was told it was repaired and the cost was £57. Note that the verbal quote was £45. Another thing to note is that in my experience, if a repairer doesn't phone you then check your repair over because it could be they are not exactly confident with the quality of the repair and that goes for anything, car, electronic goods and so on.  I went in 1 week later to collect the camera. I have a keen eye for detail having done a traineeship in camera repairs in the 1980's. I didn't question the price variation, I wasn't that bothered about £12 if the repair was done right.  The camera repaired was a Fuji STX-1 where the focusing screen requires removal of the top plate and prism whereas more modern SLR's allow quick replacement through the mirror box and lens mount. Accordingly, the first thing that struck me was that there appeared to be a gap between the door and the top plate compared with the left hand side of the camera. I then checked the focusing screen which was nice and clear, quite new looking.  So I paid up and took it outside to check the meter. I was told the guarantee was for 6 months. Outside the meter in general scenes appeared to be giving a steady reading from the match needle indicator in the viewfinder. However, it did look to be under exposing by about a stop according to my own experience. Took it home and did some tests against another STX-1 body and again the repaired meter was underexposing by a stop. I then tested against a digital camera and found that the repaired camera meter was indeed underexposing by 1 stop. Bear in mind this was a meter repair.  Now meter inaccuracies aren't a big deal on a fully manual camera because you can just dial in a correction and that's what I will do with this camera but for amateur photographers with little experience this kind of sloppiness will lead to underexposed results.  Another thing I noticed with the screen was that focusing at close to infinity the image was unsharp on the right side of the screen, sharp in the centre and left of the screen. This would indicate the screen probably isn't bedded flat but again it's not something that would cause me any issues.  As for the price increase, this repairer decided to do extra work without asking me first. He replaced the light seal. Again, not unhappy about that but it is best to confirm all work that is done with the client.  So will I be using this repairer for repairs to a Canon 7D for example? Don't think so!
