5 A fantastic little restaurant that serves delicious Japanese cuisine. Fresh ingredients, friendly staff and interesting dishes - what more could you ask for. I particularly enjoyed their eel.
4 I have been eyeing up Sushiya for a long time now. I finally convinced my flatmate to join me on a raw fish eating expedition.   Sushiya is located behind the big crowd of people standing at the bus stop on Dalry Road. Blink and you will miss it, so best push past all those folk to get in. It is pretty much the smallest restaurant in the world, so you will probably have to wait like we did.  The menu if packed with various raw fish delights. I am not a fish eater, but I found plenty of vegetable dishes to keep me entertained. We got a little carried away and kept ordering one dish after another, which was great fun if a little expensive.   We didn't end up vomitting the next day, so the food is clearly fresh which is important when you are eating it raw!
2 I don't like Sushi, so I was doomed from the minute I walked through the door here.  I asked the waiter what is the best thing to have for a first-time sushi experience,... he laughed in my face and told me I was in the wrong place. How rude!!  My brothers loved the sushi, they actually like it, I hated it. I left feeling hungry and cheated. It's a nice place, but just not my cup of tea.
5 Despite the unglamorous location, Sushiya is surprisingly excellent. I pretty much like anything Japanese, fishy or raw, so I suppose they were already preaching to the coverted, but after a few makis, sashimis and gun kans, I was pretty impressed.  They've also made a bit of an effort beyond the food, with Japanese telly and (possibly unintentional) clinical and cramped feel that adds to the whole feel of the place.  Try anything with fish eggs. Tremendous.
3 Sushiya is nestled between two other much bigger buildings on Dalry Road near Haymarket and if you blink you'll probably miss it as it's only around a third of the size of its neighbours. My little sister is somewhat obsessed with all things Japanese, so when she came up to visit last month, she jumped at the chance of eating at an authentic Japanese restaurant.  We had Inari and chicken Yakitori for starters (along with a cup of very unremarkable green tea) which were both very nice but perhaps a tad too pricey at what amounted to £3 a mouthful. Fearing the same cost/size ratio from the sushi we opted to order from elsewhere on the menu.  I had chicken teriyaki (with a bowl of miso soup) whilst my sister plumped for a bowl of chicken ramen; and by bowl I mean vat - that dish was freakin' huge! Both are fairly staple dishes for a Japanese restaurant and were equally acceptable if not outstanding but what struck me about both (especially when taking into consideration what I said about the size of the starters) is that this place's portion control is way out of whack - the mains were huge and I struggled to finish mine, my sister gave up halfway through. That's not the worst thing in the world but I can't help but feel that I would have been happier paying slightly less for a portion I could have comfortably managed. That's not to sound like I'm being cheap (besides the non sushi mains a very reasonably priced anyway) it's just that I'm begrudged to leave food I've paid for. As opposed to stole. Obviously.  The service was okay and the waitresses were friendly enough but we did wait for around forty five minutes for our main courses to come. As for its facilities, the interior is small but well kept. It just about barely escapes feeling cramped when full but that's the kind of setting you come to expect from communal eating bars like these. Size then is an obvious limitation for small lunch bars so it proved to be somewhat surprising when customers were continually turned away due to the establishment being full despite the fact that there was an unoccupied "reserved" table big enough for a party of seven who (I learned from overhearing the waitresses) were already over half an hour late. Surely this isn't good business sense; I understand that a reservation of seven is certainly better than the prospect of no custom at all but at the same time there needs to be a line drawn where you lose your reservation and it's your fault. The seven eventually swaggered in with no hint of apology or excuse as to their tardiness. I hated them a little bit.  Whinge and moan from me then - and it's certainly not directed at the restaurant itself it's more because a) I deplore lateness and b) I really want to see little restaurants like this stay open; they're three a penny in other parts of the world but we genuinely don't have all too many of them in the UK and it's poorly behaved customers along with the reluctance to discipline them (i.e. by cancelling their reservation) which threaten their very existence.  All in all then, Sushiya proved very acceptable for a Saturday lunch. I'm not all too sure I'd go out of my way to go there again, or that the mood would ever strike me to just pop along; but for aficionados of Japanese cuisine, it's certainly worth a look.  The Water Situation: Water served happily and without fuss.
5 I'm vegetarian and I LOVE sushi.  It is the antithesis of all other foods which I indulge in when visiting restaurants.  Light, delicate, healthy, and when you stuff your face full of it you don't feel like lying down in a dark room, unmoving, for a few hours.  What on earth do I eat in Sushiya?   Skewered vegetables to start, a beautiful selection which always includes slightly charred leeks with a delicate sweet soy sauce.  Maki.  Wonderfully uniform rolls of rice wrapped in nori (seaweed), with tender rice and either creamy, rich avocado in the center - or a tiny and refreshing crunch of cucumber.  Dip them in soy sauce swirled with wasabi and feel that countering hit of savoury bite and mustardy inhalation assault your senses.  Tofu nigiri.  Hand shaped rice 'pillows', wrapped in a miniature tent of slightly sweet, delicate tofu.    Wash it all down with some Asahi Super Dry, which compliments the wheaty richness of the soy sauce - and cool off with a serving of deliciously light Green Tea Ice Cream.    There's not much space in the restaurant, but I personally could not care less.  Service has always been lovely.
4 I've been here a few times for lunch and enjoyed it every time.  I'd quite like to see what it's like in the evening.
3 My quest for good sushi in Edinburgh is one I have been patiently working through. Each time a friend suggests "sushi?" I make sure it's a new place I've not tried before. And when said friend lives near Haymarket, there were really a lot of options close by. Two doors down in fact.  We pipped for Sushiya as, firstly, there were good Yelp reviews and, secondly, it just 'felt' nicer. It's really small inside, and we nabbed the last table (at the bench bar) and a few people were turned away after us. Although I did see 'reserved' tables so you can book.  I was impressed initially by the display of raw fish at the counter. Yum. The menu isn't *too* extensive which is, in a way, nice as it stops my endless chop-and-change, last minute panic "I'll have it all!" dilema.  I went for the chicken skewers, and the squid. I was excited about the squid. It's one of my new discoveries, and one which I love. I wanted a whole mini squid to nom. My friend ordered the rice box with eel, which she was also excited about.  The chicken skewers were chicken skewers. Nice, did the job, but no better than a pack of chicken skewers from a supermarket you could heat up. They lacked any 'grilled' or charcoal flavour too. And my squid. Oh sad, sad days. Not a whole squid at all. Instead, a little ball of rice with the thinnest, spaghetti-type strips of squid I've ever seen. I couldn't even taste the squid. The way it had been cut, into spaghetti strips, meant it didn't have that satisfying juicy bite. This is the first thing I"ve ordered in a long, long time that I have been thoroughly disappointed with and eat only out of "well I've paid for it now". It was mainly rice.  It could be my fault for not understanding what the dish was. But the description only described it as 'grilled squid'. No mention of rice. First off, the squid-spaghetti on top was not grilled. And secondly, there was probably one whole mouthful of squid in there.  My friend's eel box was rice, eel, brocolli and that was it. The eel had a really strong flavour but was a bit spongy.  I did eye-up other people's dishes (of course) and the sashimi dishes looked far more appealing and well presented. You still don't get a lot on your plate (standard practice in sushi bars it seems) but the raw tuna and salmon looked like it would have been more flavourful and satisfying.  Three stars because it's cute inside, the other dishes looked ok, and it wasn't 'bad' per se. Apart from my squid-disappointment (squid spaghetti I tell you!) Next time I'm just going to order 'a whole squid please'.  Also, three stars as so far I've been generally unimpressed with all of Edinburgh's sushi offerings and this seemed to be one of the better.
4 Can't comment on the sushi in the joint, although the platters floating by did look appetizing. I came here because I was hid with a sudden and severe craving for ramen, and Yelp helpfully told me this might well be the only place in town that does it.  I ordered the traditional ramen and it hit the spot perfectly. The broth was sweeter than I'm used to, and there was no chili oil to spice it up, but it was still hearty and flavorful, good for the soul and the hungry belly. Noodles cooked to perfection, and all the fixin's - tender pork, sweet bamboo shoots, salty seaweed, a hard-boiled egg - and this Yelper was in ramen heaven. The vat, I mean bowl, was big enough to stick my head in, I mean fill me up with delicious ramen goodness. Mmm, I'm craving it all over again.
4 We ate here last night and we were very pleased.  We had six or seven different dishes.  My son, who has had sushi in many big cities says what we had was very good, but their selection is not as broad as some other cities (e.g. London, Chicago,....).  We did not have reservations either night that we went to Sushiya, but our timing was perfect so we got to sit down.  Several people were turned away while we were eating.  You might want to make reservations to be safe.
3 For some reason, I had a craving for ramen in Scotland of all places.  I found this place near a bus stop on my way back to the hotel.  I ordered the traditional ramen.  It was a miso based ramen with all the fixings.  The bamboo shoots was almost candy like (don't like it).  The half egg was hard boiled instead of being half boiled and flavoured.  The noodles had a good textured and cooked perfectly.  I was still hungry and ordered a scallop handroll.  It wasn't on the menu, but the chef agreed to make it for me.  He made me order it through the waitress instead of him telling her to put it on the bill.  He wasn't that friendly.  They seemed pretty busy back their.  I would give it 2 stars if compared to restaurants in the San Francisco Bay Area, but it deserves 3 stars for being in Edinburgh.
2 This restaurant is only appropriate for a quick casual lunch/dinner, but is not recommended.  Pros: very tasty prawn tempura, ok food presentation, very kind and attentive waitress.  Cons: average taste overall, very poor ambience, uncomfortable chairs, poor value for money, misleading pictures on the internet, very unsuitable for a date.  Comparison: Kanpai, Tang's, Koyama and Bonsai are all much better (in order of preference).
4 It may not look like much from the inside, well who em I kidding even on the inside it might put a lot of people off. But the chefs there know and love their sushi.  I was never a big fan, and probably still far from it. But when ever my fiance is in the mood for some maki, we some how end up there.  good presentation, comfortable take away, and fairly priced, yay!
3 California rolls! - My downfall. I always have to avoid oily fish as I have allergies. But I was persuaded to try this Sushi / Maki place for a take away- as they also have non fishy options. So I went for the raw meat roll Tataki and the California rolls (with crab meat). Each was £9.50 and £8.50 respectively - I threw in some Edamame for good measures. (£3.90)   The ordering was done it took about 25 minutes to prepare. We decided to wait outside the place since it is a compact (OK it is actually very very small) place.   On delivery I saw the colourful creations and I was ecstatic! Me! Ordering and eating SUSHI. And what a good looking pieces they are! Hello raw beef, come to pappa.. mmm nice. Succulent is the word. The rice packet dipped within the soya sauce and I was drooling. I love this. NEXT PLEASE - roll up California. cucumber, crab meat encased in nori and rice and rounded off with shiny pink/orange roe. Mmmm -   *...quiet moment...*  Right that was a great experiment and I am so glad this .. oh hold on.. why I learnt something very rapidly. Pink roe (salmon or bream roe) DOES contain fish oils - even tough these level are negligible I have a very good stomach to detect these levels of oil. (it takes practise..)  so not before long I had cramps and a mild reaction, Good thing I didn't eat the lot (as they were delicious!)   I give it 3 stars as I am unable to enjoy all their deliciousness and that they are quite expensive for a take away.   Recommended for raw fish lovers with deep pockets.
3 The overall atmosphere of the Japanese restaurant is good. There are about 6 table (not wide restaurant). I ordered traditional port ramen, california roll, kyoja (a fried dumpling stuffed with minced pork). Ramen is very good. California roll is not bad (it is bigger than the size I anticipated and a grain of rice is not 'Shari used to making sushi. but it is general in Edinburgh). Kyoja is so so. Price is a little expensive than my anticipation.
2 I love Japanese food.  Its usually non greasy, great presentation and with fresh ingredients.   Previous experience in sushiya had been good, but the last time I went, two things I've noticed; different people ( chef and staff ) and the quality of food was disappointing.   I've ordered one of my favourite item from their menu which was Tokyo roll. When the food arrived, presentation was great just like the old times...but as I was having my first bite...it tasted funny...like it was cooked in some overnight oil or something like that. It had that stale taste..it wasnt pleasant.  Then the ramen I ordered and was so looking forward to, again it looked exactly like how it used to look but flavour wise was very bland...lack of flavour...both my favourite...  I was so doubly looking forward to my meal at sushiya...and I was doubly disappointed...
5 Awesome place to try some Sushi that is great tasting. Waitress was really nice and when we left the staff all said 'goodbye' which I thought was a nice touch. Will be here again sometime soon!
5 Being a sushi virgin I was a bit hesitant given the small menu choices for non sushi however the waitress was very helpful when we asked for advice. My friend had teriyaki chicken which came with the best miso soup apparently and I opted for dumplings, a portion of seaweed and spicy salmon maki. The food was super fresh and tasted delicious although I now know how potent wasabi is! Would recommend booking as its small but please try. £12 for three items and a juice. The dragon rolls at the next table looked amazing and are my choice for next time!
3 Getting a table at sushiya has, for some time, been a minor goal of mine. Booking one, rather than turning up in hope, finally achieved that last weekend. The place is tiny and has been popular pretty much since first opening its doors so it came as no surprise that even on a wet Sunday evening it was full.  The sister establishment of the larger Kanpai on Grindlay Street, it was clear from the website that many of the same dishes were going to be on offer. Like Kanpai Sushiya lets itself down with the initial impression created upon opening its menus - marker pen crossings out of dishes etc. all look unprofessional. Added to that they had apparently run out of common or garden pork so stock management issues seem to be another trait the two places share.  The two ramen dishes we ordered were well served and as filling and unfinishable as you'd normally expect for that option. As with Kanpai the green tea and water are regularly topped up and the service overall was attentive and speedy. Still, I'd not rush back.
