5 If you can find your way passed the brightly painted, winding corridors of the Pleasance gym, with its terrifyingly awful yet somehow hypnotic RnB and dance tracks and you don't kill yourself falling over the cleaner's equipment that always seems to be lying out, you might just do your body a favour.  Housed within the university run Pleasance gym is Fasic, a sports medicine centre with multiple services available. It's no wonder this place comes recommended by Olympians.  Fasic got its name after those who set it up in the late 80s decided "Fitness Assessment and Sports Injuries" made a less unfortunate acronym than "Fitness Assessment and Recreational Trauma". Though its also run by the university it is technically separate from the gym, and all are welcome, though they do offer discounts to gym members.  I tried out Fasic after deciding I needed a second opinion on my ongoing back problems. As I'm active in sport I thought it was best I maybe went to a physiotherapist that specialised in sports related injuries. I'm glad I did. The first time you visit Fasic you will be seen by a well trained sports physiotherapist who will then recommended either further treatment if necessary, or that you and see another specialist, which in my case was podiatrist. The only prerequisite is that the injury is either directly sports related, or that you are injured and active in sports.  Despite my previous physiotherapy treatment, which was to some extent a success, the physio at Fasic managed to uncover the source of my problem which is a major step forward. I found the attention was great, and the staff were very friendly. All this for a great price. With my discount I spent around £25 for a 45 assessment. That might seem a lot but for physio that is really a bargain!  The only drawback is that Fasic it is pretty popular. I am now currently waiting three weeks to see a related specialist. But if the treatment continues at this quality, it will all be worth it.  As mentioned already discounts are available to students and those who are members of the gym already.
4 Located inside the University of Edinburgh Pleasance gym, is the FASIC Sports Medicine Centre. I'm a member of the gym, despite not being a student or staff and would highly recommend it (but that's for a seperate review!) As such, I can also make use of the fantastic Sports Medicine Centre housed within.  Having suffered a sore knee and limp for two weeks, without it showing any signs of improvement (the Igor look is SO in right now by the way) I decided I needed some professional attention. I got an appointment two days after calling, and was seen by a wonderful physio therapist, Tracey.  Tracey was an absolute delight. Chirpy, chatty, friendly, but very thorough. Lots of questions first, details of my medical and training history, a thorough physical with lots of tests, and then some work and massage on the sore area. All in 45 minutes, and for a reasonable sum of £34. I mention the price as I couldn't find them listed anywhere on the website and did have to enquire.  I was able to book a repeat appointment very soon after my first, and for a UK citizen used to NHS waiting times this came as a pleasant surprise!  I haven't been to many other physios, but I was thoroughly impressed with the friendliness, profesionalism, and thoroughness of the staff here. Now only time will tell if they truly are magic with some damaged ligaments...
5 I love FASIC. Every so often I hop/ limp in there and they listen patiently while I explain the latest daft thing I've done to myself. Then they massage the sore bit (oww!), draw me some cute stick figure diagrams, and send me home with exercises to do. And it works!
3 After over-training for a half-marathon, the GP recommended I have some physiotherapy for my knee. I called up to get on the NHS physio waiting list, only to find it was a 7-11 week wait! Since the GP had also recommended FASIC and I go to this gym anyway, I booked an appointment and was able to come in within a day or two.   When I arrived, the guy at the desk wasn't terribly friendly and I wasn't thrilled they were running late. The physio was nice though and she was gentle in doing her assessment of what was wrong. She also gave me a quick knee massage which was very nice, then gave me some exercises to practice and sent me on my way saying to book an appointment to come in again soon. I didn't feel terribly enlightened about what was wrong and I could have found these recommended knee-strengthening exercises online. Also,  the introductory apt was supposed to be 45 min and I was out in 30 min and would have liked a longer apt for my £36. Overall I was underwhelmed and decided to wait for my free NHS apt to come up so haven't been back again thus far. It's nice to know FASIC here, though, when really in need.
