3 I love an all day breakfast, so Benny's was a wee treat for me!  They also provide sandwiches, baguettes, hot rolls and some cakes, but it's more of a greasy spoon than anything else.  Although in saying that, they're sandwiches contain exactly what they say they do - ham, egg, potato scone; no cheeky mayo to unhealthify them!    It's nice inside, clean and modern, although the front outside could do with a lick of paint.  The only thing that puzzles me about this place is their inexplicable love of tuna?  The sign outside raves about it and even sports a picture of a fish with the caption 'this is a tuna'?!  This doesn't do much for me as I hate tuna!  However, tuna aside, Benny's is nice for a sandwich or the occasional cooked breakfast, just don't mention disdain for the aforementioned fish - you might get flung to the kerb!  But odd
3 My immediate reaction when walking into Benny's was something along the lines of 'this isnt half bad'.   From the outside you would be forgiven for thinking this place looked a bit tired and worn, so less likely to do 'good' food - but dont let the apperances fool you, the food here is indeed better than the paint job.   Benny's does sandwiches and the like, but deep down I think it really wants to be a greasy spoon - it certainly has the menu for it - all day fried food and various other artery clogging goodness. The quality of the food isnt great, but it does what it says on the tin as it were.  The staff are friendly, although only if you atch them on certain days - otherwise they might be a bit rude.
2 Benny's is a small sandwich bar on St. John's Road in Costorphine.  From the outside, it doesn't look particularly special, and this is a theme that I found ran throughout my experience of it.  I went in for a lunchtime snack a matter of days ago.  I paid the bargain price of £1.50 for a slice of pizza.  The slice itself was massive, and a lot bigger than I expected.  The only problem with it was that they buried the pizza under a mountain of grated cheese!  This meant that my meat feast pizza was more like a lot of cheese, with a pizza buried underneath.  It filled a gap in my stomach, but I wasn't raving about it by any means.  I would agree with Jonathan, in that this place seems to be more of a greasy spoon than a sandwich bar.  At least, this is the impression that I got.  The selection of food seems to reflect this as well - bacon rolls, steak baguettes and the aforementioned pizza.  I felt slightly let down by my below par pizza.  This place is best for a quick snack, rather than somewhere you'd visit every day for a lunchtime sandwich.
