5 As fishmongers go this is one of the very best offering high quality fish at reasonable prices.  Especially welcome are the range of fish on offer and I was pleased to see some less common varieties for inexpensive prices.  If you know your fish you'll recognise that the range of fish covered here is very impressive and you do not pay any premium in return for being offered this range.  The fish generally start at £9 a kilo, which really isn't bad for fish of this quality and you'll get a decent amount of choice in that price range with the price going up from here.    For those less set on their specific choice of variety there is also the option of the off cuts from many varieties of fish at £7 per kilo.  Given that this often contains good fish and all high quality fish this is certainly a winner in my book - you cannot beat this price.
5 This is probably the best fishmongers I have found in Edinburgh alongside Eddie's Seafood Market in Marchmont. I generally don'y buy that much fish as I am pretty rubbish at cooking it but in the last year I have gained a bit more motivation to improve my culinary skills and have branched out with my repertoire. As a result fish is back on the menu. I popped along here after it was recommended to me by a friend and I was not disappointed. They have a huge selection of fish, cod / haddock / salmon / sole / tuna / crab / lobster / prawns -everything you could possibly need. Also there are more specific ones available such as orange and dill marinated trout which is amazing.   The fish starts at about £1.30 per 100g, which is very reasonable compared to most other places, with off cuts coming cheaper. It is a traditional family business and as a result of this the staff really care about the fish and are extensively knowledgeable. They told me what would compliment each fish and even showed me a few recipes which was nice. You can also order online to get fresh fish delivered to your door.  Obviously you can get cheaper fish at Tesco or Asda but here you know you are getting fresh, high quality fish from experts, not just a flavoured bit of plastic.
4 I love fish. I love seafood too. And I love the notion of a 'fish emporium'. Not a fishmonger, or seafood specialist. A 'fish emporium'. Never has a title been more appropriate.   This is a fairly traditional place, so don't expect anything too wacky or modern. George Hughes & Son does, however, boast a massive selection of locally and sustainably sourced fish and seafood. From sea bass to trout, lobster, john dory, scallops, tuna, you name it, they've probably got it. The staff are very knowledgeable and helpful too.  Being an independent 'fish emporium' (note, not a fishmonger), expect to pay independent fish emporium prices. You won't get a tuna steak for supermarket prices. But then, it'll taste of tuna and not salt water. Also, you can eat it safe in the knowledge it's been sustainably sourced and you're supporting a local business, both of which are very important in these testing times.
4 Yet another find in Bruntsfield, I'm fast thinking that it's my favourite street in the 'Burgh.  GH&Sons offer a wide array of whole and filleted fish as well as a fine selection of shellfish.   Knowledgeable staff are on hand to assist in your selection and whilst waiting to be served I heard one of the staff patiently talk a lady through the best way to prepare and cook Lemon Sole...great service!
4 I try my very best to go to the fishmonger or the butcher instead of the likes of Tesco etc.  I'm not able to do it all of the time, but for something a bit special, it's small businesses all the way.  I'm very lucky to have both a butcher and a fishmonger within five minutes of where I work, and George Hughes & Son is therefore where we end up getting most of our fish.    The staff are friendly and up for a giggle when a drunken topless sunshine reveler becomes facinated with the window display, and I've heard they provide excellent advice when it comes to how to best cook what they sell.  The product is great (though I recently discovered that scallops are the most expensive thing to buy ever!!), and they've even started selling game as well as fish.  Yumyum.    So, do yourself, your neighborhood and the ocean's fishies some good and come here, buy something a bit off the norm and leave Tesco for the other bits of your meal.
5 This is a great fishmonger and I'm yet to be dissatisfied with their products, or their service. I always get both my fish and my free range eggs (?). Not only is it a superior product, but it is less expensive than any of the supermarkets nearby or in town (including sale/special prices from the major supermarkets). The staff know the products, can give advice about preparation when requested, and of course it's always good to support local business.
