4 Purposefully leaving room for dessert after an enjoyable meal in the centre of Edinburgh, I was on the lookout for a suitable place to indulge during my walk back home through Brunstfield.   The prospect of sharing 3 desserts for £8.50 and a couple of coffees in Peckhams' Underground seemed perfect and indeed it was. Licking my spoon dry after a trio of desserts including a pear and almond tart, banoffie pie and a raspberry cranachen my night was complete.  Literally laying the foundation for Peckhams deli I would highly recommend checking out 'the Undergrounds' crimson seating, ruby fairy lights, and all round cosy atmosphere.
3 Unlike my previous late night dessert and coffee encounter with Peckham's Underground (of which was a thoroughly satisfying affair) I decided to opt for the lunch menu during a wet, boring day in Edinburgh.  A roasted vegetable pie with a tangy chutney, a couple of fishcakes with a similar chutney provided some decent but not amazing homely grub.  Peckham's Underground seems to fully excel in the coffee and cake category but is hindered somewhat by its mediocre lunch offerings.  Still, I will be back.
4 This is a safe and tasty choice for lunch or dinner, if you're in the area and want something decent and substantial, but you don't want to sit in that slightly posing, minding what you're doing way that some restaurants make you feel like you have to do.  Peckhams is well established in Edinburgh as one of the top delis of choice for lovers of fine cuts of salami, tubs of plump olives and hunks of cheese you don't get in the supermarket. The tastiness and far better than average quality of the fare served up in Peckhams Underground is similar to the standard and type of food on offer at the deli, with a classic, fairly straightforward menu for night and day scoffing, plus some indulgent looking desserts. It's pretty moody and dark down here, with the red seating and dimmed lighting, so it could be a good call for a bottle of wine and some dating skills, plus it's laidback enough so that there's never too much pressure on your dining experience.
4 I love this place... this place has all delicious food, and I lived just above here, so this place was like my huge gourmet fridge.  I still miss it!
4 Oh Peckhams, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.  Upstairs, your shop floors abound with tempting delicacies, delights and mouthwatering treats. Pricey you may be, but delectable and therefore worth my pretty pennies.  But for this review I turn to your restaurant, Peckhams Underground. What a cosy little cave this turned out to be.  Plush red velvet booths allowed me to recline in the lap of luxury (well, minus the big tear on one of the chairs that couldn't help but irritate the perfectionist in me).   Friendly waitresses who put up with my indecisive, order-changing mood...twice..with a smile.  Romantic, cosy and perfect for a date, or as I did, dinner with some lovely lady friends.  The menu full of delicious dishes, left me stumped for a few moments (and as I said, required me to change my order.) Platter to share? It's there, abound with venison, salmon, cheeses, deli items, roast veg. Little nibbles? You bet, there's smoked salmon and pates galore. Or a bigger, heartier meal? Yes please. Make mine the chicken breast with sweet potato mash.  Yes, still a little pricier than a pub-dinner, but oh it was worth it. The food really was delicious, prepared wonderfully, seasoned to perfection, I can't really complain about anything.   And the desserts, chalked up on BOTH sides of the chalk board. Theres little treats (tray bakes, scones, mince pies) and then the larger desserts (banoffee pie, cheesecakes and more). All 4 desserts my companions and I sampled induced those *eyes to heaven* moments, and made my taste buds literally tingle.  Yes Peckhams, you may have left my wallet a good few pennies lighter, and my waist line a good inch wider, but you were worth that sacrifice. Next time I want a cosy date, or a tete a la tete with some good friends, I'll be sure to look you up.
4 As this Peckhams is right down the street from where I work, I've opted for a bite to eat and a glass of wine here a handful of times, as well as the staff Christmas night out twice.    It might be the time of day, but every time I've been here there haven't been many full tables which never fails to confuse me because of where it is located and its tasty grub.  To me, this is the perfect place to head for a drink and a bite to share after work because they have a great variety of antipasti platters and a good selection of drinks.  I think maybe the problem is the fact that is really is set up like a restaurant and feels just a bit formal for post-work drinking.  The two Christmas meals I've had here have been standard, but when a chef is churning out 25 meals at once to a table full of drunk academics, no one is really bothered by a bit of dry turkey.    Overall, Peckhams Underground has good food, excellent service, and good drinks in a relaxed atmosphere.  A must visit when in Bruntsfield.
5 I came here for a late lunch last Saturday when my man asked me to help him move office and I we both desperately needed food when we were finished.  Unlike my previous comment about this place being empty - it was packed.  So packed that we really felt for the one waitress who was frantically running around trying to keep everyone happy.    We hummed and hawed over the menu a lot because everything looked really tasty but finally decided to share the baked camembert with bread, salad and cranberries, and the chorizo and bean stew.  They were both out.of.this.world.  Seriously.  I mean, baked camembert is going to be good any time but oooooooooo man.  When we'd eaten up all of the bread, my man actually took to eating the cheese with a spoon.  Disgustingly tasty.  His stew, though, was absolutely amazing.  Seriously, I want to know how to make it so I can eat it all of the time.  It was so chocked full of tastiness I actually want to go back right now and have more.    We had a couple of beers with our oh-so-amazing lunch and my guy decided that next time the boys want an after work pint, he's going to suggest Peckhams.  They have sharing platters and I think I saw nachos too, great treats to put some padding in your belly at the end of a long day, when a beer is the only thing that can cure the ills of a week at work.
2 Oh how disappointed I was yesterday when my Peckhams lunch was so so so much less than it was before.  I actually attempted to come to dinner here on Thursday and was (a bit rudely) informed that they're not open during the week, and that the opening hours are on the door.  Hum... interesting because I have eaten here during the week before...  Well, that combined with the abysmal meal we consumed, left me wondering if it is now under new management.  The menu has changed completely and it appears that if you want lunch or dinner, you have to buy into their two or three course set menu.   I don't really like eating a lot of courses, but can handle it for dinner... not for lunch.  All I really wanted was a panini with a side salad but had to order two courses of very sub par scran.  My starter was fish cakes, while the man had tomato and rocket soup.  The fish cakes were mostly potato and the bits that were actually fish, were a) smoked (an important detail to include on the menu) and b) undercooked.  I know that fish doesn't have to be cooked through, but when it's in a fish cake, you expect it to be.  My man's soup didn't taste like it has been seasoned.  It was as though tomatoes and rocket were blitzed together and heated up.    For my main I originally ordered the Thai Green Curry with sweet potatoes and noodles (it sounded a bit strange, but I love green curry so wanted to try it) but they were out, so I went with chicken.  The man had a lamb burger.  My chicken, while well cooked, was literally swimming in a mustard sauce which completely masked the flavour of the meat and made the whole dish just taste like mustard.  It was accompanied by (again) un-seasoned and poorly roasted new potatoes, and some odd sloppy looking artichoke hearts and roasted bell peppers.  The man's burger apparently tasted a bit strange, and his oven chips were a bit under done.    My man is the least picky eater in the world, and he actually sat across from me and said "this food is pretty crap, isn't it?" We both agreed that it was like we'd been given posh canteen food.    To add to this, the restaurant was full but it is small enough that with two waitresses working, we should have gotten much better service.  Our waters were never re-filled, it took ages to catch someone's eye to get the bill, then ages for them to come pick it back up again to give us change.    The kicker was that two courses set us back £22 - £11 each.  Locanda de Gusti, which has been called the best Italian in Scotland, offers a two course lunch for £11.95, which we know would never be compared to glorified canteen food.
3 Great for picking up a healthy lunch on the go. The are usually two soups to choose from, go before 1oclock as there is usally none left after that. Theres a rewards card if you purchase soup and a sandwich together. handy.
