4 After watching the staff at Garlands i have to admit, flower arranging is a little bit of an Art form.  The first thing you'll notice while walking past is the aroma, it literally stops you in your tracks and draws you in. There isn't a cleaner smell than freshly cut flowers (except maybe bleach or dulux paint).  I don't know alot about flowers, but I do know how expensive they can be. For being in such a central location, the price for a good arrangement is very cheap. The staff also don't correct/ treat you like an idiot when you say things like "Gimmie a few of those pink ones".  The arrangements aren't over the top and won't look out of place in your living room like some flowers do. To end on a down note, they also do a very tasteful collection of funeral flowers.
4 Garlands Florist is a beautiful little florist with excellent attention to detail. There's always a selection of potted plants dotted around outside the shop which makes it very welcoming and I'll always stop for a browse to see what catches my eye.   The prices are very reasonable and you can pick up a ready made bunch of flowers or you can design your own bouquet.  Whether it's a single bunch or a large supply of blooms for a wedding, even or special occasion, they can cater for you at Garlands.
4 i'm not a frequent user of florists as i tend not to buy flowers often or have the need to.  however, my friend was turning 30 and i thought in addition to the gift i'd gotten her that a lovely bouquet of flowers would top off the gift nicely.  i had a brief check on yelp to see that the business hours said Garlands was closed on saturdays, but fear not because they are open at the weekend :)  the shop is small but they have a really lovely selection of flowers.  when i walked in and was greeted by one of the shop assistants, i explained i was looking to get a bouquet of flowers for about £15 for a birthday.  the woman was very helpful in showing me the options of flowers and the different colours available.  seeing as the flowers weren't for me, i went away from my usual pink to get some oranges, yellows, greens, and purples for a lovely spring feel.  the bouquet was a gorgeous mixture of yellow, golden, and orange geruba daisies (my favourite flowers!) with some green and purples flowers mixed in that i'm not sure of the name of.  they were arranged with a bit of greenery and then wrapped up nicely in clear cellophane and clearly a little bowl of water was constructed over the bottom to keep the flowers fresh.  my total bill came to £17 and i have to say i got a really nice sized bouquet for this cost and the flowers were lovely colourful and fresh.  perfect for the birthday girl :)  i'd definitely use this place again when i was looking for flowers!!
