3 Sourcing nearly everything from France: Henris French food and wines can at least lay claim to some of the most authentic French deli produce available in the Morningside area of Edinburgh.  Having arrived there quite late in the day the freshly baked bread was scarcely available from the wicker baskets, but alas the cheeses where there for me to try! Sampling the Rogallais Montagne (a creamy and rich beast of a cheese) and taking more than my fair share of the Counta (a type of hard cheese with a fine lasting taste) I was pleasantly surprised (I usually associate French cheeses with the smelly, gooey texture of a Camembert). They stock a sizeable selection of wines too of which I spotted a pretty cheap Chablis on offer. Specialist deli's are not the cheapest, and neither is this one, but as cheeses develop flavour with age its just a matter of time before your penny stack rises and you can purchase some of Henri's produce.
3 Henri's French Food and Wines is an expensive delicatessen in Morningside which (obviously) specialises in sourcing only French produce.  The shop front looks inviting and the owner is pleasant and offers all the advise she can about the various cheeses, biscuits, wines, cold meats olives which are on offer.   I know next to nothing about wine, yet it is clear that Henri's is well stocked in it with a wide variety of vintage reds, whites and desert wines.  They also have an impressive and eclectic display of cheeses ranging from hard, mature cheddars to soft, sticky camemberts.   As I mentioned above, the quality of the food means it has a price tag to match.  Further, in my opinion, it doesn't really make sense to be buying French ham in Edinburgh when there's meat of the same standard being produced within a fifty mile radius.  And cheaper.
3 Edinburgh has many delis. If you after your kalamata olives or extra virgin olive oil, or French cheese flown directly over, you have many choices.   Henri's French Food is one of those places. Nothing really makes it pop, but walking in you can sort of forget you are in Scotland, but at a local brasserie in Paris stocking up. Until you see the pound sign and the number next to it. The girl at the cashier was very helpful and I got some cheeses for a special dinner, but I don't think I would come to shop here just for the sake it stocks goodies from France, and certainly not for any other reason other than a special occasion or for a gift.
4 Henri's is not, as others have remarked, the cheapest joint in town for buying a bottle of wine or a nice cheese. The stock they have is great in both regards, however (confirmed by my Parisien other half), and well worth splashing out if you're looking to treat yourself. A particularly nice 'saint-marcelin' cheese stands out in our memory, and they also stock a variety of other French goodies.   What takes us back time and again, however (as well as them being just round the corner from our flat) is their bread, croissants, and coffee. The croissants, pains au chocolat etc are really a cut above what you'll find in most other places in Edinburgh, and are not overly expensive (less than £1 each). I highly recommend their 'escargot chocolat'- essentially a danish-like pastry with chocolate chips. Get there early though- most bread and pastries seem to disappear by early afternoon!  Sandwiches are also excellent value, made fresh with lovely ingredients: try the 'Loire': Goats cheese, pesto, apple & salad.  The staff are friendly and helpful, and it's a nice place to sit if you can bag one of their 2-3 indoor tables. That's probably one of the only gripes we have- there's often not enough space, except in the summer when there's more seating outside.  In summary: fantastic spot for a croissant/sandwich and a coffee (especially in summer), or for spoiling yourself with a genuinely French treat.
4 Happiness, happiness is a baguette, that you possess... well, a sun dried tomato loaf of deliciousness. Bread should have character, and supporting flavour to any dish - slicing bread just defies that concept. But Henri's stocks some marvelous carbs. The rest of it's offerings I have to admit, left me a little cold, but when you have bread like Henri's, what more do you want?
4 Only been in here once and I am impressed. Had lots of salamis and cheese and other goodies. Was also able to find Quail eggs here which I have used before when I worked in the culinary field. ( Sunny side up quail eggs on a salad with a lemon vinaigrette ) The staff was super friendly and I had a good chat about where they get their goods from. Its imported or comes from local sources. My kind of shop! I will come back again when I am in the area but I recommend going here for all your french food needs in your kitchen. I believe they have pastries as well but I cannot confirm that. Anyways go here folks great little french shop!
5 Having been a very satisfied customer of Henri's deli for a while now, I though it was about time I sang their praises.  There are two branches, one in Stockbridge, which I gather goes for a more bistro approach and one in Morningside. This is the only branch i've visited and is much more of a shop/deli.  Henri's are dedicated to providing some of the best produce from all over France, many of which have been handpicked by the very friendly owner himself. They stock more French cheese varieties than you can shake a baguette at, charcuterie (this is the only place I know of in Edinburgh to get proper Bayonne ham), condiments, preserves, daily baked bread and all sorts of speciality foodie treasures. I don't go for sweets personally but their macarons are imported directly from Paris and i'm sure would impress those with an inclination.  There are two things that I love the most about Henri's. Firstly; the wine and beer. They have a glorious selection of wines, largely organic and additive free (which practically makes it a health supplement... honest) again, expertly chosen by the owner, from independent vineyards across many regions and exclusive to Henri's. Their beer is from the unique, award winning, Brasserie du Mont Blanc.  Secondly; their filled baguettes. Henri's make the best sandwiches, without exaggeration, I have ever had. The creme de la creme (a little token French for you, there) being the 'Gascon' A fresh crusty baguette filled with shredded confit duck, goat's cheese, organic fig chutney and mixed  salad leaf. I'm struggling to think of anything between two slices of bread that tasted better.  No, it's not the cheapest place to shop but the cost is qualified by the quality. And when you consider that at £3.50, their take-away baguettes are little different in price to a "sandwich" from Subway, it's a bargain in comparison.
