4 This is a pretty good Chinese sit down restaurant in Edinburgh (and it's close to my hotel where I'm staying!).  There is a wide variety of selections for the meal.  Here are the following items that I had with my meal:  -Crab and sweet corn soup: Delicious and great to eat with the chilly weather.  The corn was definitely sweet corn and you can find chunks of crab meat in the soup. -Chicken spring rolls (fried) - I wish they offered soft and not fried spring rolls, but this is Chinese, not Vietnamese.  It's served with a sweet chili sauce.  I think it's just a piece of chicken wrapped with the eggroll soft wrap and fried.  It was good, nothing special. -For entree, I tried the sliced beef tenderloin with pepper sauce (sizzling plate), the chicken with ginger and onions (sizzling plate), and the sweet and sour king prawns.    a. the beef tenderloin is served on a sizzling plate with onions.  It was very good, with a tasty semi-thick brown pepper sauce.  However, next time, i think I'll just order the beef plate because the beef tenderloin is significantly more expensive for the same style entree I think.     b. The chicken was great as well.  Once again, served in a sizzling plate with a brown sauce.  The ginger was pretty strong though, so  made sure not to accidentally eat a piece of ginger.   c. I'm not a fan of sweet and sour dishes, but I thought the sweet and sour prawns dish here was the absolute best dish of the night!  Can't really describe it, but it was great!    I'm still getting used to the fact that there's no free drink refills here, and also that rice is not served with the entree, you have to order it in addition to your meal.  But, guess that's just how it works here.    This place is pretty pricey in my opinion, but that is based on the prices that I'm used to in the US.  Compared to other restaurants in the UK, I think that this is comparable in costs to other restaurants.
3 The salt and pepper shrimp was tasty, but I prefer it chrunchier; crab and sweet corn soup was great; and the szechuan chicken was just right.  Service was friendly but slow, even when there were not a lot of people at the restaurant.  I prefer Manor over Chop Chop and Golden Dragon.
4 The Chinese Manor House is the best Chinese food I have had in Edinburgh, rich flavours and no generic sweet sauces, good quality meat and seafood and generally just really tasty dishes. From that opening one would assume an instant five stars, and if reviews were just based on the food that would be the case...  The thing is while the food is great the restaurant is simply too far out of town most of the time, and some of the joys of the food (a lot of dishes are served still sizzling) is lost in a takeaway. Location lets the Chinese Manor House down (for most of us), though if you are local to the area I would strongly recommend it. For me though it is a worthwhile but occasional treat.
1 Sorry the worst meal I have had in a long time we had mango chicken the mango was a sludge on the plate. The chicken was over cooked and the batter mushy, the sauce tasteless. We also had beef chow mein the noodles were mush on the plate and the beef unlike most chinese who velvitise thier meats this was more like boot leather. A place We do not want have food from again but maybe this is what they serve to all carry out customers.
