4 Hidden away from the giant chain music shops on Princes street, Hogs Head Music provides a fantastic range of second hand DVD's and CD's  - with every genre imaginable available in the small shop.   Hogs Head Music has friendly staff, who know music like the back of their hands - and will happily talk about obscure bands few of us have ever heard of if the opportunity arises.   Buying prices are cheap for the vast collection of music and films, but rare or special edition CD's/DVD's are bordering on the expensive. Hog's Head is happy enough to buy your old CD's and DVD's for reasonable prices, based upon the rarity of what you are selling, and its condition.  Hogs Head Music is an excellent find for those who want more obscure artists or films, at a reasonable price.
3 A second hand CD/DVD store which is great for browsing and finding good quality discs at good prices. It has a  large selection and you could be suprised of what might crop up if you just ask the quite knowledgeable staff. Apart from mainstream hits there's also a grand choice of good oldies and lesser known bands to choose from.  Don't be deterred by its dark interior and the owner's abrupt manner. It may not be a flashy music chain store, but it's a good place to hunt for a bargain and discover new music.
4 Hogs Head music hails from a dying breed of music stores, probably because it has much more personality than the high street.  Dark, dingy and inspiring, it's the kind of place that begs you to dig in and have a look around. With an eclectic, decently priced selection of second hand music and DVDs, the stock is in very good condition considering how little you pay for it.  The owner was very helpful when I was in, and seemed genuinely interested in your custom. It had a great selection of music DVDs and I was especially impressed with how much punk music they had. Including what I am assuming is a rare live Bouncing Souls DVD, which I might go back for since I regret leaving it.  All I can say about Hogs Head is I wish there were more independent stores like it. Great quality second hand CD's, rarities and low prices, you can't go wrong in here!
3 It's always worth a look in second hand film and music shops.  One day you'll find nothing. The next you'll find a handful of classics for next to nothing.   Hogs Head Film and Music provides shelves of second hand entertainment and at some exceptionally cheap prices. My logic is, at least with music and film DVDs, if it still works and has no scratches on the disc then whats the difference from it being brand new? In this respect, Hogs Head houses some awesome bargains.
4 I walked past here for years before I realised just how good a shop this is.  From the outside you have really good DVDs in the window all in the region of £15 to £30 and I'd always assumed that this was a place where you sometimes got great bargains on box sets, but generally poor deals; in this assumption I was wrong.    On the way in you'll see that the place is full of CDs, most of these are reasonably priced and a good CD will set you back about a fiver.  However, under a table you have the clearance CDs and DVDs (DVDs a pound, CDs variable but very cheap).  These are well worth a look as for a pound you can get a DVD cheaper than renting it at blockbuster.    Then you have the common stock of DVDs; this is where this shop really excels.  The typical price of a DVD is £2 and most DVDs will be this price.  Newer releases will cost you nearer to £4.  That said, the DVDs don't take long to be considered common stock and you get a surprising amount of new releases considering it is a second hand shop.    The shop does also buy second hand CDs and DVDs, though given the prices they sell them at, I doubt you will get very much, but if you have a big stack you want to quickly get rid of this place would be ideal.
3 I came into Hogs Head Music a few times in my first year as one of my friends loved the place.  It's a good place to come to pick up some cheap CDs and DVDs, a lot of which are interesting and obscure.  The owner is also pretty friendly and is, of course, very into his music.  He stocks an eclectic range of both classic and recent albums, from operatics to NWA's gangster rap.  This, of course, adds to the interest of the place and attracts a good range of people.  The quality of some of their products, however, is questionable and some of the discs look pretty scuffed.  Having said this, it is second hand and offers a great place to trade in those films and CDs which you've had your time with.
4 It has taken me a while to find Hog's Head Music, but now that I have I am in here an awful lot! Hog's Head sell second hand CD's and DVD's and they have a huge selection of choice.   Situated in the Newington area of Edinburgh, Hog's Head is just a short walk from the city centre and it is close to the University so it is a convenient place for students to reach.   Inside the store, Hog's Head is a treasure trove of all different types of music and film and it is a great place to pick up a bargain. They stock every single type of genre for music and film and it is all arranged according to category which makes it much easier to find which types of music or film suit you. The prices are very reasonable too, with CD's starting at £3 and DVD's starting at £2 - what a bargain!   The staff are really friendly and highly knowledgeable about their stock and so if you ask them if they have a specific film, they will know precisely where it is. If you buck the trend and buy your music and films from a place other than a high street store, Hog's Head Music is the best place to go.
4 Imagine a non-chain Cash Converters but without the accompanying skag heads and thieves and the Hogs Head is your store. Limiting itself to CDs and DVDs, the Hogs Head is a veritable treasure trove for music and movie enthusiasts. In the window you have some of their newer stock and a lot of boxsets, which are slightly misleading as to how cheap this place actually is. They are about £15 upwards, but inside is where the bargains begin.  Although loosely split into sections, this shop is basically a rummager's heaven. There are CDs and DVDs everywhere: on shelves, on the floor, in boxes. And although sometimes it gets a bit wearing looking through without really having any idea if you are getting closer to finding your chosen album, you can pick up some absolute gems without meaning to. With CDs and DVDs only costing a few quid each (a little more for the more recent ones) you can easily end up with a sizeable collection for less than £20.  I personally love these otch-potch shops and the owner is awesome as well. He has absolutely no idea what he has in stock but with the sheer amount of CDs and DVDs that is nigh on impossible. However he's always happy to give you a hand and together you rummage to find that ever elusive CD. I have never once come out of there with the album / film I went in for, but always end up with a few handfuls of stuff I had forgotten existed but then remembered I absolutely loved. A great place if you fancy challenging yourself to find the item you want, and even if you fail, you'll be happy with the other treasures found on the way.
