4 This Victorian swimming baths, known as Viccies to cool Leithers in the know, is a really enjoyable choice for swimming plus fitness banter, because not only are the facilities decent, but you're swimming in really fab, original historic surroundings.  The baths have been around since 1896, so have been providing swimming facilities for the fine citizens of Edinburgh for a good century and a bit. You can get yourself some swimming lessons, or just go to swim a few relaxed lengths or two. Or ten, saying two made me sound a bit lazy.  As well as the swimming pool, there are also other fitness facilities that are encompassed into the centre, so it's an all round pretty awesome place to get fit. There are sauna and hot baths facilities, a gym and two fitness studios, and a whole variety of different classes and coaching acitivites.
4 I've just switched back to going to Leith Victoria after a brief flirtation with Pure Gym down at Ocean Terminal.  It's good to be back. PG is good, has great equipment, but I missed the friendliness of Leith Victoria. Good staff, bright gym, great classes, and the pool's lovely, too. Amazing to think people have been swimming there for 100 years.  There's a funny little cafe that I haven't tried, and the layout's a bit perplexing when you're new - but it's a good centre and worth trying out.
4 Both an old-fashioned swimming baths still looking not last century, but the one before and also a host of modern facilities; sauna, steam room and gym. There are plenty of staff who are very pleasant and despite its age they keep the baths clean and hygienic.  Its quite a convenient swimming baths for me, this year I have been going once a week or more. I tend to vary my time between getting some exercising in the pool, breathing in the vapours in the (new) steam room and sweating in the sauna. With a sprinkling of cold showers thrown in.  Always feel so much healthier and more relaxed afterwards. It has extensive opening times so its quite possible to while away several hours there.
4 Live in Leith?  Want to get healthy and fit?  Don't want to pay the ridiculous prices of other gyms?  Then get on down to Leith Victoria Swim Centre.  Not only do they have a swimming pool, sauna and steam room but they also have a good gym and offer lots of different exercise classes at different times everyday.    Leave your Prada lycras at home as this is a no frills, non pretentious place where other healthy, like minded people come to work out.  The staff are lovely and friendly.    They offer consultations for free to build a unique programme to your personal specifications and most of all it won't break the bank!
3 a number of years ago, i was a regular member of the edinburgh leisure centres with my local gym being Leith Victoria Swimming Centre.  after a period of time where i used the gym fairly regularly, i found myself not going so much.  i was finding the gym constantly busy meaning that their moderate supply of equipment (both weights and cardio) was usually being used and i would have to wait for anything i wanted.  it sort of killed my work out enjoyment and the fact that the gym itself was starting to look a bit run down for my £40 a month membership, i decided to leave.  however, in the last few weeks i've been looking for a pilates class to go to that i could just drop into and not pay a fortune for the class!  after a fairly extensive search of studios near me i discovered that pilates was expensive, at least a tenner a class (!!!), and possibly something i couldn't afford.  and then i remember the Leith Victoria Swim Centre.  they have an extensive list of fitness classes including pilates and i could drop into one for only £6.90 a session!  that was a fairly good deal and the classes were at times that suited me while i didn't have to sign up to do a block of classes.    i've been to two classes now each with a different instructor.  i really enjoyed both classes and definitely felt sore the next day!!  so although i'm not a member of this gym anymore, i can definitely recommend it for drop in fitness classes.  it's affordable and easy to book on.  also if you find yourself going quite often you can get a discount card that gives you 25 percent off per class.  just check out the edinburgh leisure website :)
2 We went for a day pass to The Gym Edinburgh and cost us a fiver and was a great modern and fully equipped gym so we thought the next night would try Leigh Victoria and was very dissapointed first with the price of £7:40 and secondly for the price the lack of equipment such as one bench press machine and no seated row machine etc so there for will just stick to my £5 a time in middle of city centre.
