5 Brilliant pub! They do a extensive range of ales and a really good shiraz. The food is good (I can recommend the venison sausages!).
4 one of my favourite things about living in scotland is that everyone arranges a christmas dinner!!  i've been to loads and was please when my jog scotland group decided that of course we need to organise one as well.  the date was picked and the menu for the Starbank Inn was sent out for pre-orders.  i picked my three courses and sat back waiting for the day to arrive.  now, i've been a lot of places in edinburgh but the Starbank Inn was not one of them.  i knew vaguely where it was having passed it on the bus or on a few of my running routes, but wasn't overly sure how it would hold up a christmas dinner venue.  i needn't have worried though, as this is a cosy pub with dark wood interior and loads of tables so easy to grab a seat for a pre dinner drink.  the staff seemed friendly as did the regulars who clearly were a bit surprised to see a group of people rather dressed up.  we were shown our table when everyone arrived and the waitress assured us that the starters would come out shortly.  the table had been decorated with christmas crackers so we could all get our crowns on for dinner.  true to her word, within ten minutes we all had our starters set in front of us.  i had gotten baked mushrooms (my memory is a total fail of remembering what the sauce was though...) which were very tasty and served with a garlicy slice of ciabatta on the side.  mains arrived promptly as well and i soon had a massive plate of turkey dinner in front of me.  what was nice was almost 2/3 of the plate was full of fresh cooked veggies: brussel sprouts, carrots, and green beans.  the turkey was tasty and tender and the veggies were well appreciated, the roast potatoes lacked a wee bit in taste as did the sausage stuffing.  overall though it was a fairly tasty plate of food and i definitely felt like i got my daily portion of veg for the day!  dessert followed although i think most of us were pretty full up due to rather large portions.  i had the warm chocolate cake which was gooey and decadent.  not sure if this was made in the restaurant or bought in, but it was very good and i only left some over due to how full i was.  the tea and coffee was brought out to conclude the meal as well as a plate of biscuits.  the waitress apologised for the lack of mince pies explaining that they hadn't arrived with the food delivery that day.  so overall a really good meal and all for £18!! i found the food to be well made and the staff very friendly.  i'd happily pop along for a pub lunch there if i was in the area.
