4 if i didnt have tummy issues after eating here it would easily be a 5 star. but the fact that i do get tummy issues but still keep coming back means that maybe it is 5 star food. its cheapness makes it seem that much tastier.  i will stick with a 4 star only cause there is no indoor seating. you can sit outside at long picnic tables outside, under a tent thingy or just get takeaway. its good. and you get a lot of it. there are brave people eating here in the winter but i am not one of them.    they change their menu every day. you walk in to a small room, wait in a usually short line, pick out any number of their around 10 options differing daily that are looking at you so you can see whats up even if you dont know whats in it, wait for it, get it takeway or join some randoms and inhale.   i hate to use the word authentic, cause i dont give a shit if something is authentic ,if i like it i like it. but if you are one of those people who likes to only eat authentic, ive been told this is authentic as authentic can get.
5 My brother lived in Edinburgh for several years and took me here when I came to visit for a few days.  I love a lot of things in Edinburgh but this was definitely top three stops.  Enormous, delicious plate of vegetarian food for less than I paid for any other meal on the trip.  Eating it out back at the picnic tables on a lovely day was tops.
4 A friend took me here for a cheap dinner when I visited him a few years ago.  I think we went back at least twice more in the week I was there; we would have probably gone every day if we hadn't been restrained only by our mutual guilt at eating there so often.  The curry is absolutely fantastic, cheap, and lavishly portioned.  That plus a little cheap Tesco naan (I'm sure their own naan is better, but we were cheap bastards) made for a delicious and filling meal. The ambiance is a bit lacking, so just order for takeaway and enjoy it elsewhere.  Be sure to hold it with both hands!  If it weren't 3,700 miles away from me, this would probably be a weekly meal.
4 Tucked away down a subtle side street entrance, the Mosque Kitchen is a hidden haven for hearty Indian cuisine. Serving locals, students and even the business elite, the luring smell of home cooked, honest Indian fare attracts all. Offering a limited but exceptionally affordable array of dishes, the Mosque Kitchen produces some simple but flavoursome gems. Vegetarians can enjoy a truly moreish Tarka Dahl or a flavoursome spinach and potato curry, whilst those of a more meaty persuasion can indulge in one of the Mosque's daily chicken or lamb servings. With the offering of rice, plain or garlic naan to accompany each dish, diners can anticipate a meal that satisfies any level of hunger.   A word of warning, though, diners can expect to feast on humble trestle tables, shelter under a rustic corrugated roof and mingle amidst a friendly bunch of pigeons. Meek and unassuming, the Mosque Kitchen boasts unbeatable prices, food of a superlative nature, and will undoubtedly leave you comfortably stuffed for the day ahead.
5 There are few places anywhere that you will find a curry for £3.50 but right here at the Mosque Kitchen you can eat your heart out for next to nothing. I love the canteen feel, the outdoor picnic table seating, the paper plates and the plastic spoons. It doesn't have to please aesthetically just to pull in the punters the people of Edinburgh know a good curry when they eat it and this is why the Mosque Kitchen is so popular.  Absolutely great with a big bunch of friends on a summers evening, brilliant if you're skint or if you just can't be bothered cooking as the generous portions will fill you up no problems. It's also the kind of place you could just go and sit on your own tucking into some curry and doing a spot of people watching.   Little independent places like this are great and I highly recommend visiting, the vegetable curry is my favourite, it's nice and spicy - just the way I like it. Brilliant!
5 A no-frills eating venue which has begun to take on an almost legendary status, The Mosque Kitchen is a dining experience quite unlike any other in the city. If it's luxury, ambience, or even proper cutlery you're after, you won't find it here. If however it's a tasty curry at frankly unbelievably cheap prices you want, then that's exactly what you'll get.  I'm so carnivorous I'd happily feast on a roadkill rabbit by the side of the motorway, so I was pretty surprised to find it was the vegetable curry, with all sorts of greenery thrown in, that was my favourite. I expect I'll be a regular visitor here though, so that may change.  It's places like this that really give a city it's character, and I'd much rather give my hard earned to the people of the mosque than many of the city's more unscrupulous curry house owners. I urge you to do the same.
4 If you only have £3.50 in your pocket and want a meal that's a) tasty and b) enormous, preferably with a bit of 'character' thrown in, this is where you should head.  By 'character', I mean you sit outside under a gazebo in the backyard of Edinburgh Central Mosque, and you eat out of a polystyrene box with a plastic fork. But the food is that good that you won't care about the pigeon eyeing up our lunch 3 feet away.  I usually go for the veggie option, because the one time I did get the chicken there were quite a lot of fatty chewy bits. In fact, it made me stay away from here for a while, but then a veggie friend convinced me to get the lentil and spinach curry instead, and 3 years later I'm still eating there. It's right by the Uni, but you get a surprsing mix of people thanks to it's word-of-mouth reputation.  If you haven't tried it yet, then you need to. Soon.
4 I cant believe I lived across the road from this place for nearly a whole year and didnt try the Mosque Kitchen.  It was recommended to me, and frankly I didnt fancy it - but I was there today and I am now kicking myself that I didnt take advantage while I still could.  The food is great. It's propper Indian/Pakistani food, and more importantly there is absolutly loads of it for a very tidy price. Eating outdoors is also great, and gives this place a great vibe. I really will be here again!
5 This place should definitely be kept on the down low because it is frickin awesome.   I really fancied curry the other day and remembered seeing the raving reviews on Yelp and thought I would give it a bash. The simplicity of this restaurant might put you off at first but it is fantastic. Real, authentic food and at a stupidly cheap price. Never has eating out a box been so good! I will return to this place again and again because it is just that good.
5 In 2007 the Scotsman newspaper placed The Mosque Kitchen top of its list of Best Festival Food and it's clear to see why.  Their curries are authentic, slow-cooked, flavoursome and sold in generous portions.  I have been twice, both times having the chicken curry with rice and a naan bread which was tasty and filling.   To order your food you simply walk past the eating area and into a small room where you order your curry canteen-style and then eat it off a plastic plate.  For vegetarians there are a variety of vegetable curries and these, along with the meat and poultry ones, are all served with rice for less than £5. The service is friendly and effective and I like the eating arrangement where you take your food outside and eat it under the plastic roof while chatting with your mates. The Mosque Kitchen offers genuine value for money and is visited each day by people from a huge range of ethnic and national backgrounds - and for good reason too!
5 Nearly every student has heard of the Mosque Kitchen. There is a reason for that.  Situated near George Sq in the centre of town, the Mosque Kitchen is a canteen-esque restaraunt attached to the Edinburgh Mosque. This where students come to fill up with big portions of cheap curry!  Don't be put off though, cheap does not mean poor quality. The Mosque Kitchen serves a small range of curry every day. There is usually a small selection, that can be accompanied with rice with some side servings such as nan. Food is dished up into polystyrene dishes and eaten with plastic cutlery. But make no mistake; the curry is great quality and the portions very reasonable. Regular attendees appreciate the lack of fuss made over the presentation; they are here for what the kitchen sets out to do, provide great curry for all!  The Mosque Kitchen has a communal feel and expects to have some great chat, especially if you come regularly, sitting at one of the few long, school-cafeteria type tables.  If you're visiting Edinburgh and you want to see where the locals, especially the students, eat out, or you are looking for somewhere less pricey to fill up for the day, try the Mosque Kitchen. If you live in Edinburgh and you haven't been, why not?
5 This place is brilliant, nothing more to say.  Well, ok I'll go on....  It doesn't look like much to people walking past and you'll not be the first to walk past it, but if you go in you'll never want to go anywhere else!!   The offer huge dishes for next to nothing! The food is delicious and the people there are beyond wonderful.  It feels like you're getting a cuddle every time you're in here, it's a total diamond in the rough! Only tell your best friends!
5 The Mosque Kitchen is a great addition to the curry scene in Edinburgh. Unlike many traditional curry houses that serve bland, mass produced masalas etc, the Mosque Kitchen has traditional muslim food that (I have been assured by my arabic friends) is what they do eat. The place itself is beautifully grubby, you go into a little kitchen, queue up like in a school canteen then head off outside onto plastic chairs and tables all under a big gazebo. There is nothing refined about the location, the kitchen relies on its food.  And the food is really, really good. There are only 2 curries, chicken and lamb, and while the lamb can be quite stringy, the chicken is always excellent. Think a Korma but less sauce and much more subtly spiced. They also do daal, some form of spinach dish and other dishes I don't recognise as well as kofta kebabs. The rice is absolutely amazing, and the nan breads are huge.  Although the price has gone up a wee bit recently, the Mosque Kitchen is still the cheapest curry place around, with a curry with rice or nan costing only £4.50, and the other dishes less. The guys who work there are really friendly, and it is a great establishment to give your money to.
5 The Mosque Kitchen lies just behind Edinburgh Central Mosque and offers food at unbeatable prices where the money you pay goes to worthy causes. I have been here a good few times, and I must say that the last time I went, I was a bit disappointed by the naan bread, and thought it was a bit dry, but it is the festival period and I came late in the day, so perhaps this may have had something to do with it. Even if this was a common occurrence, I would probably still give this place 5 stars, as the curry tastes divine and the portions will fill you up no matter how hungry you are. If you do not want to fork out on extra money on drinks there is a water fountain just outside the kitchen area and there are cups where you can have this water instead. A couple of very minor criticisms of the place is that there are lots of pigeons who pester you during your meal while you sit under the gazebo and they only supply a spoon rather than a knife and fork. Other than this, it's great, there aren't many places in Edinburgh that can be this!
5 This is the best. place. in. Edinburgh. ever. I have friends who come back to visit and refuse to leave without stopping at the Mosque Kitchen first. I'm not talking about people who'd never been here before (though, word does get around), but people who lived in Edinburgh for a while and counted on the Mosque Kitchen to cure their disproportionate hangover.   I always get the vegetarian options (which have multiplied lately!) which are dahl, rice, greasy spinach with potatoes, chickpeas, and sometimes a vegetable curry. And I think they're definitely the best and cheapest options available. The Mosque Kitchen also sells rubicon and delicious ginger beer to quench your thirst. The people who work there are also real sweet too.
5 Do I really feel this place needs another 5 star review?  No I do not.    Do I think that there's anything I can say that hasn't already been said?  No I do not.  Chaise-lounge monkey-fist.  I stand corrected.  Ok, so this probably isn't news by now, but listen: THEY GIVE YOU A LOT OF FOOD FOR NOT A LOT OF CASHMONEY. You've heard that before, right?  £3 will get you Tarka Dal (lentils) and Rice. 2 Sheesh Kebabs and Rice or a few other options that escape me right now.  I have likely been there about 5 or 6 times by now, because you can't beat the price, and you can't beat the portions.
5 Fantastic, delicious, well-portioned, fast, inexpensive food. Served in the back of a mosque. £3.50 for a wonderful steaming chicken curry dish that will fill you up (unlike so many places around here). The garlic nan bread is also delicious, except I'm usually too full to eat it. The only downside to this amazing place is that the seating is outdoors under a tarp, so if it's a  windy and cold day you should either bundle up or get it to take away and eat it somewhere warmer.
4 It was okay. £5 for curry, rice, veggies and a drink isn't bad. It's just not the most aesthetically pleasing restaurant. As has been said, you're sitting outside under a tarp on cafeteria-style benches, floodlit and surrounded by mossy walls.  They have three choices of curry, "Vegetarian" "Chicken" or "Meat." This concerned me greatly as to what the chicken was if not meat, but I digress.  Anyway, I was after the "meat" but they sold out so I went for the chicken. I'm not sure what part of the chicken they used but it seemed very fatty. Pretty tasty though. And for the asking price, still pretty good.  Had another funny conversation with the guy behind the counter after the "meat?" "no meat, chicken!" conversation. I asked if he had any garlic naan. He looks at me and goes "Naan? *pause* None..."  Have to get in earlier next time I guess!
5 Went to the Mosque Kitchen for the first time after a year away travelling. I have to say it was one of the two things I missed while I was away (Kopperberg was the other!) and I was worried it might have changed....  Maybe the prices had gone up...... maybe they don't do lamb anymore.... maybe the pigeons had killed everyone in a fit of impulsive hunger and taken over the little yard behind the Mosque, making it a death trap for the students and locals of Newington.....!!  Thankfully none of the above had in fact happened, although, inevitably, there was one niggling negative upon my return......  And that was the great big 'Mosque Kitchen' sign over the archway.  This kitchen is Edinburgh's best kept secret and should really stay that way if we want to enjoy the portions, the price and the level of service from the lovely folk that run the place. Same thing happened to KFC and that place is EXTORTIONATE now!!  .......okay I can't back that up.  Other than that, I got the ground minced lamb rather than the big chunky lamb.... bit of a surprise but still great. Chicken's still the chicken.  Winner!
5 Love this place! First found out about it through a Muslim friend last year and was so happy that day!  For £5 you get to fill your tummy with delicious spicy goodness and a nice cool beverage to wash it all down! Very good price for the amount of food you get.   It's nothing fancy, just a kitchen with an eating area outside covered by tarp. I don't really care about fancy restaurants or anything, so I was perfectly happy to eat outside. As far as I'm concerned, as long as we're not getting rained on, it's all good!  Great food, great value for money, and I recommend them to anyone looking for tasty and tongue tingling food at a competitive price.
3 Good for a bowl of tasty hot, cheap, quick vegetarian food. Don't go expecting a restaurant. I enjoyed my curry and rice.
2 Hmph.... I think I was expecting much more from Mosque Kitchen than what was delivered. Saag aloo that had been cooked to death (somehow the potato remained semi-raw), cold chicken and average tarka daal. Massive portions yes. Perfect for starving students looking for a change from Greggs... but for a couple of quid more, you can get a lot better. Definitely disappointed in this one.
4 I can't believe I have been yelping for a year and still haven't reviewed the Mosque Kitchen!  OK here it goes:  Hungover?  Like cheap curry? In a hurry?  Then Mosque kitchen is for you! I really enjoy mosque kitchen when it isn't freezing outside (it's outdoor seating although I hear they made an indoor seating). Nevertheless, be it sun or snow this food will most certainly warm you up from the inside. A great choice for some affordable grub at very substantial portions! You can mix and match the mains if you can't decide on a specific curry. Their garlic naan is particularly tasty also! Be warned that lunch times can be very busy as well as swooping pigeons.   Great food at great value.
4 Great for students, or tourists on a budget!   Huge helping for lunch or dinner for only £5! I got the chicken curry, with rice and a samosa (extra £1-£1.50) and it was such a big helping that even I couldn't finish it (says a lot).   The only complaint I have about The Mosque is that when I went they weren't serving drinks anymore! I mean like water, juice, it was closed? My friend ended up going to ask specifically and got herself a bottle of water, but it seemed kinda overpriced.   Definitely if you're on a budget, this is a great place to go - good value for your dollar, and a huge (and delicious!) helping!
4 Having been recently introduced to the Mosque Kitchen's new indoor restaurant, I've been a bit of a glutton and visited three times in the last month or two. I really love this place.   The food is cheap, filling and incredibly tasty. The menu is quite limited, but what it lacks in variety it more than makes up in the yum stakes. There's enough on offer for meat eaters and veggies alike to be satisfied.   You can get a large plate of lentil dhal and rice for £3 and a freshly made nan bread for £1. Other things on offer include a spinach dish, vegetable curry, lamb curry and chicken curry, as well as garlic nans, samosas and a few other bits and pieces. Portion sizes are large and very enjoyable - a bit of a rarity in Edinburgh these days!   Don't expect airs and graces. The place is canteen style and you'll be eating your grub off paper plates with plastic cutlery. The decor is clean and contemporary, with long tables happily accommodating ten people or more. The food is served buffet style and the service is quick but a little abrupt.   I was told that the Mosque Kitchen's profits go towards funding the mosque and that the staff are volunteers, so I'm not surprised that the service can sometimes be a little lacking in finesse (that's the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars).   If you want something sweet to round off your meal, cakes and pastries are available starting at around £1.   Brilliant value for money, fab food and a nice atmosphere make for a great bit of budget dining in the city.
3 This place - along with their newly established Mosque Cafe on Clerk-Nicholson St way, is good quality food for a great price.  However, I wish they would use true cutlery and plates instead of the styrofoam they still use in the Cafe.  It just doesn't suit the establishment and isn't friendly all around.  The newer cafe is cleaner than the Mosque environs where you had to eat outdoors under a covered area with pigeons flying about.  Overall, it is great for the food.
4 Cheap and cheerful Indian food. Much paper plate and plastic fork charm. We summed it up as: "an unmissable Edinburgh lunch spot that represents excellent bang for your buck.  If you've not been there, go, and if you haven't been for a while, go back and sample it again.  You won't be disappointed."
3 Came here a few weeks ago with friends and enjoyed the food but the place was absolutely packed! I guess that's what you get for coming around lunch time near Uni.   The food was good and the price was definitely nice. You get huge portions. I did feel that my dish was a little too oily/buttery though and considering there is Indian Food on nearly every corner in Edinburgh, I wasn't too impressed with it.   Perfect for students on a budget though!
5 This place was awesome. It's about as hole-in-the-wall as it gets. The food is awesome and entirely authentic, I miss it already. If you ever get the chance, go for it.  If you want the extra burn, grab a ginger beer to complement the curry.
4 The Mosque Kitchen is a very simple and clean Indian place with a menu that won't put a dent in your wallet. The chicken curry is outstanding and some of the most tender curry chicken I've ever eaten. The vegetable (chickpea) curry was just as delicious. A huge plate of curry over rice for £5 is pretty amazing. They have an buffet portion after 5 pm, but I found a single portion to be adequate. The only letdown was the lamb curry, which wasn't nearly as tender.
5 For what it is the New Mosque Kitchen, is simply phenomenal.   If you don't like curry, don't come here.   If you want fancy cutlery, don't come here.   If want porcelain or china plates, don't come here.   If you want table service, don't come here.   If you need booze with your food, don't come here.   If you want to eat a really tasty meal, which will leave you feeling full, but not bloated, for hours after come here.   If you want to eat well for pennies, come here.   If you want to eat cheaply in a family friendly canteen style eatery come here.   (The address here is right, but pictures are of the old mosque kitchen)
3 Went with the chicken and beef curry with rice.  Not a bad dish by any standards.  the only downside was we had too much leftover and our fridge in the RV was not working.  Not bad really, just meant 2 back to back meals of great food.  I thought that the prices were very good and the food was not the best, but better than most "buffet style" indian restaurants.  If I lived here, I would definitely come back from time to time.
4 This restaurant firmly deserves his reputation for good food. Immediately you notice many people in traditional Muslim dress. That's an excellent sign. Everything is so clean here too.  My friend and I got the buffet. This was mainly do not knowing what specifically to order and wanting to sample too much. Anyway, the food is great. There is so much to choose from. I especially liked the pakora, rice, naan, and sheekh kebabs. Those kebabs were bloody spicy.  If you're doing the buffet, you'll pay and get your plate at the main counter. If you're purchasing items off their menu, you can pay where the food is being served. They only accept cash.
4 I'd heard so many good things about the Mosque Kitchen but had never been myself.  I decided to go for lunch and just fell in love with the concept.    They serve lunch from 11:30am until 7pm then offer an all you can eat buffet until 11pm.  Please note though that on Fridays they are closed before 12:50-1:50pm for prayer.    Basically, there is no waiting about here so it is the perfect place to go during your lunch hour at work if you want great quality food fast!  Plus, the prices aren't far off what you pay for a sandwich so it really is a winner!  There is no table service so you go up to the hot plate at the back of the restaurant and pick what you'd like to eat.  All the meals are already prepared and just waiting for the taking.    I had 2 Sheekh kebabs with rice (£3.50) and my companion had chicken curry and rice (£4).  We could not even make a dent in our plates as they were heaped so high with food!  We thought it'd be rude not to get a nan bread to accompany the meal though as at £1 they are practically giving themaway!    This place doesn't serve alcohol because it is part of the Mosque but for all the time you're in there you really don't miss it.  With the quality of food so high and prices so low it really does tick all the boxes.    Great choice for a cheap yet tasty meal.
4 I was originally going to give the Mosque a solid 5/5 but then I had another think about it and I decided I was going to have to reduce this by 1 star. And here is why. PRO followed by CON.  1) The curry is really tasty - BUT there is more variation in just how tasty it is. Today for example I was a bit dissapointed - the rice was greasy and the chicken lacked flavour.  2) It's Cheap - BUT it's not as cheap as it used to be. The delight was that you could get more food, and a drink faster and cheaper than anywhere else. While it's still pretty much faster and more, there is less than you used to get and you're paying almost 25% more than a few years ago.   3) The Location is good. It's central, on that lovely bit of Edinburgh old town that seems reserved for mentalists and drug users, however it's close to pretty much all of old town and the uni so this is fine.   4) It's chilled out. The guys are cool. They do takeaway and it's ironically an amazing lunch time hangover cure if you're suffering from the night before.   Anyway I've mainly given it 4 start because it's not as good as it used to be and it's gotten more expensive. Saying that I still eat here a couple times a week.   Favourite meal : Meat curry, rice, dahl and veg, witha  can of rubicon guava juice. Sweet.
5 there seems to be two restaurants with this name, but the one I went to was not the one under the mosque but it's nearby (corner) since I heard this one has the original chef.  I had "chicken pulao with rice".  There was no chicken in it, but just this wonderful sauce over rice.  Even in a styrofoam bowl and eaten with a plastic spoon, it tasted really great, not to add that it was very reasonably priced at £2.50 (lots of rice drenched in sauce)-the 2nd time I had it with extra vegetable toppings (peas, carrots, and potatoes for an extra £1), it wasn't as good though. the chicken curry was even better! very tender chicken
4 Great simple food at fantastic prices!   The new Mosque Kitchen provides a simple yet basic setting for those seeking an authentic curry in a hurry! The menu is basic but has classic chicken, lamb and vegetarian options so likely to be somehting to suit everyone and with prices starting at £3.00 for tarka dahl with rice to £4.50 for chicken curry and rice you definately wont be breaking the bank! The sag aloo was delicious and the garlic nan is worth the wait!  If you've not been here before then I'll try and set the scene. Dont think of it as a restaurant (there's no menu cards or table service) maybe more of a canteen, there's a menu on the wall and a self service area where you are served food that's ready and waiting. Bear in mind that the restaurant belongs to the Mosque and so there's no extravagance. It's plastic plates and cutlery however it somehow makes it feel more authentic! As you would expect there's no alcohol available but there is a good range of soft drinks including traditional lassies.   All in all if you like a good curry at fantastic prices then I'd recommend you come here!
3 The Mosque Kitchen has been on my internal food-radar since about day 2 of moving to Edinburgh. When asking for recommendations on where to go, almost everyone told me I simply must try The Mosque Kitchen. Summed up, it's cheap, it's cheerful, it's no frills, but it's a big plate of food, it's curry and it's tasty.  So it was finally over a year later, at 10pm in the midst of the Fringe frenzy that I stumbled upon it with nothing in my but Guiness, whisky and an appetite.  And for that - the middle of a typical Fringe day, surrounded by locals, visitors, performers, and 10pm feeling like 4pm (I dont know what time this place would close during the Festival, but 6am is a typical hit-the-hay time...) that I lined up in the school-cafeteria style queue and ordered my plate of rice, lamb curry, and paid up front.  The lamb was tender, the sauce spicy but that's about as far as it goes. It filled a hole, it was tasty, and it would make do for just those occasions - when you're super hungry and just need to fill a hole but want something different to a sandwich / hot dog / kebab.   They Mosque Kitchen often do the rounds at Festivals too - like Christmas Markets, with their pop-up shop. I really like their curry. They're not trying to be a haute cuisine restaurant. So for a time and a place, The Mosque Kitchen is perfectly and definitely an Edinburgh institution in its own right.
5 Ok, so here is the deal, there are TWO Mosque Kitchens.   A couple of months ago I ate at the Mosque Kitchen that is on the corner of Nicholson street and I ... was underwhelmed, to say the least. The quality of the food, meh, the cafeteria-style setting, meh, no clean tables, meh. Didn't like it and couldn't understand for the love of me why people were getting all ravey about it.  Right...... so, get this, if you walk through the front gates of the actual mosque, and walk to the back, there's another Mosque Kitchen, where there is table-service and the food is positively moarish. It's so good, I'm half suspecting them of just drugging me when I get in there, I get so happy.  I have to admit, I now come here about once or twice a week, usually with a colleague. The plates of food you get are just absolutely ridiculous, and the prices are amazingly good. It never fails to keep me full from 13:00 well into 17:30/18:00 which for me is rather important as I get right crabby when I'm hungry. (And by crabby I mean: "Hey Lou, have you seen that memo I se-," Me: "GRRRRR." Colleague: "Did you just ... growl at me?" Me: "KSSSHHHGRRRRR.")   Ok, so that may not have been the most eloquent explanation, but what I'm trying to get across here is that Mosque Kitchen saved my job, and that, my friends, is a good, good thing.
4 This kind of dining is right up my street, unfussy, uncluttered and unassuming @£5.00 this is how fast food should be. I will be back.
5 The mosque kitchen is by far one of the best places to get some of the most succulent kebabs in Edinburgh alongside a splash of dall and a dollop of spinach, all over a big full bowl of rice.  I would go here at least once or twice a week when I was working at the Edinburgh uni library, and would always get a little bit of everything.  I was rarely if ever disappointed by the food here! I did make the mistake of going to the new mosque kitchen they opened up on Nicholson, which wasn't too impressive, but was then glad to find out that the original is still alive and well.  Be warned that this is more of a cafeteria than a restaurant. They will serve you the food inside, and then you go outside to the plastic tables and fold out chairs to enjoy your warm meal.   Even so, you would still find me here at 6 pm on a cold December night indulging in a big bowl of tasty mosque kitchen food.
5 Anyone who gives this place less than 4 stars needs to take a long, hard look at themselves. This placehas cheap curry!!!!! and its like a pot noodle, does exactly what it says on the tin, doesn't try and be posh or anything that its not. just massive portions of tasty cheap curry for under a fiver. dun- no!!!
3 Loads of people tell me to come here, and I have come here several times.  There are not many options, it is canteen style food, yet the portions are huge, the food is cheap, and this is probably one of the best student meals you will get in the area for the price (especially in terms of quantity).  Being vegetarian, I have always gone for the chickpea curry (chana masala) or the lentil dal with rice. The naan looks decent for the price, plus it's massive. This is a good place to come when you're really hungry and just desperately want to fill up with some food which isn't too bad for you. It's got to be better than kebabs, right?  So, this is definitely not a place for a dinner date... Nor for a sophisticated ritual for ladies who like to lunch.... But it will fill the hole.  If I wanted a normal sized portion, I would go to himalaya cafe just up the road and pay around the same price for a delicious curry. Yes, it's slightly smaller, but the food is very fresh, tasty, and you get salad with your food. All this in a beautifully decorated  cafe, which also offers yoga classes. Himalaya also offer an amazing chai latte, which entices me even more.
4 It's cheap and very basic, but has a good variety of curries at very low prices. And the portions are massive so you're probably best asking for take away and finish it off later. No airs and graces, no prevention, I've offend the staff very friendly on both occasions I've been here. It's mass produced food but you know what, there's something refreshing about this place's simplicity.
3 While visiting Edinburgh, a friend took us to the Mosque Kitchen on our last day in town. As a vegetarian, I thought they had a solid selection for a decent price. The food was tasty and the service was on point.
4 First Kitchen I have ever heard of being in or part of a Mosque. As its already been pointed out, reminds me of a cafeteria . Stand in line, pick what you want , pay and go back to your seat. Has surprisingly good curry. I really enjoyed the spinach lamb curry. I recommend it! They also have a variety of ethnic beverages to have with your meal. What sold me was the amount of food for the price . It's cheap and left me stuffed! The place also seemed clean when I was there and the staff also friendly. If your tight on money and have a hankering for curry and want a lot of food for cheap this is the place.
3 I ended up going into this place with some friends, as they said it was pretty good and inexpensive. The actually dining area isn't anything more then a cafeteria type setting, but there are lots of seats and they can accommodate for larger parties. They have a lot of food places like this in the States, where you basically just go through a line and point to what you want, but this place actually serves decent food.  I opted for the 3 vegetarian curries and rice plate, which was 5 pounds for a big plate of rice and curries. I was really keen on the aubergine, but it must be really popular because they were all out. So I opted for the chickpea, mushroom and potato curries, they do have meat, but none of use tried any. I loved the chickpea curry and the mushrooms as well, but was not a big fan of the potatoes. The chickpeas were way better then I expected and were really well spiced.   Overall, the food was quite spicy, but if you can handle it, it is very enjoyable. The only thing, (which is a personal thing) is that I like greens in my food, or at least for it to have something green in it. The options I had didn't have any peppers, etc, but I did try my boyfriends okra, which was really nice. So they do offer some good 'green' food options. They provided a good portion of food for the price and all up I think we paid 11 pounds for two meals. A great deal for a cheap and fast eat. I wouldn't go for the ambience, but they also do offer take away if you'd like to sit somewhere without florescent lighting or at home. A nice, quick meal for a reasonable price. I don't live in the area, but out of the few Indian places I've tried in Edinburgh, this was the best one.
1 I have been told a few times that this place is an inexpensive gem and for ten pounds I thought why not. The decor is pretty basic although that's to be expected with the low price offer.  None of the  dishes were labelled, a pretty basic shortcoming for a buffet style restaurant. Indeed the first one I've ever been to that you have to make educated guesses on what you're actually eating. Secondly the way they were kept, displayed and the lack of fresh replenishments was abysmal. I haven't seen less desirable food in quite some time. After two plates of what I could safely assume was chicken in different and equally horrible guises I'd had my fill although I was in no way full.  Yes it's ten pounds and it's budget buffet what's your problem I hear you say. I've been to tastier more bountiful buffets for a good four pounds less. I'd rather spend a little bit more cash and go to mother India's cafe or go to flip and have plenty of change in my pocket.
5 This place is great. Super cheap and a TON of food. The quality is much better than it should be for how much you pay. If you are a hungry traveler who likes Indian food, this is your place. The menu is limited, but the amount of food and tastiness makes this a 5 star. Note: this is not the ritz, don't expect a lavish meal. Just plain, simple , quick, and good.
