2 Meh! Whoever can wear something from All Saints and pull it off is a better person than me! I can't understand the ruffles, the layers and the belts......a girl wants to look smaller, right?  But the All Saints stuff adds layers to the hips and shows boobs. Hmm..!!  I found the staff in here to be a bit pretentious if I'm being honest....I got the whole head-to-toe look when I went in today, and I'm pretty sure they were talking about my outfit. As well as being just plain odd, the price tag is extortionate.  Although I have seen a few nice things in here, and bought myself a lovely jacket once, I think it's a hit or a miss
2 All Saints is the kind of store that caters for beautiful people. You know these skinny, model like clothes horse characters. Or Z-List celebrities. Either way, if you are none of these things chances are you A. won't be able to afford to shop in here, or B. the clothes will not look good on you.  All Saints is very trendy in a sort of "I am so much better than you" kind of way. Overall, I just find All Saints rather boring and pretentious and will always bypass it on my walk down Princes Street.
2 All Saints is a strange one for me, I have a few friends who used to work here and they got an awesome uniform allowance, so they basically wore All Saints clothing for free, all right for some, I guess. They also had a limited 75% friends and family discount and then 50% afterwards so I was always being hassled to go in to find something to buy for a fraction of the price. Even though I was getting things for super duper cheap I couldn't find anything I liked, if I wanted clothes that look like they'd been worn before I'd just leave some of my old threads lying around and not bother ironing them - it would have the same effect.  All Saints is the kind of place I've always wanted to like (mainly because of that discount) but I just can't bring myself to find anything here to my taste. The store is also way too cool for school and it's just so contrived.  The only items I've ever bought from here are a pair of jeans which were a reasonable £55 and a polo shirt which to be honest, didn't wash very well.  In saying that, I did pop into the brand new mega store All Saints in Glasgow the other day and saw a few bikinis I like, shame my friends don't work for All Saints anymore...
3 The best way to describe All Saint's gear would be that it looks like the kind of stuff a tramp would wear if he read Vogue and watched E4. What's also unique is that any female in All Saints clothes will find it impossible to convince anyone she's made an effort, while a male in All Saints clothes will find it impossible to convince anyone he's heterosexual.  If you don't look like you dress, act and think like the staff, expect a frosty welcome. It's not somewhere I really feel comfortable shopping, but if you're exceptionally shallow and like things because people tell you to, then All Saints might be for you.
3 Sporting lots of earthy colours and urban themed outfits, All Saints stock some unique attire.  It seems All Saints are the figurehead of a 'ripped and rough' resurgence when it comes to their clothing: a welcome change to the clean and crisp styles of H & M et al.  Prices can be steep and will have you just plain pissed off when you find a perfectly fitting and stylish piece that bares a hefty price tag . Still, I find their image pretty cool and always have a browse.
3 I feel a little ashamed to say I rarely venture far down enough on Princes Street to get to All Saints! I was walking around handing out CV's when I stepped into this clothing store for the first time.  I'll just say the clothes and shoes got me a little more excited about the prospect of working there! Still haven't heard from them (probably lost my Cv..ahem) but I'd be more than happy to go on a shopping spree in there. The style is exactly what I personally like; their clothes are very minimal, with neutral colours, and a deconstructed edge, so I wouldn't go here if I were trying to achieve a more glamorous look. They've also got a vintage collection that I love!  However, All Saints is priced heads above its peers on Princes Street, so I'd hope their clothes are much better quality...
3 Cooler than thou, All Saints clothing is designed to look super cool for high prices.  It's a bit too contrived for me to be honest. I will admit I'm not a regular since it's way out my price range, but in my honest opinion I feel like it tries too hard. To be brutally frank, to pay over £100 for a ripped pair of jeans from All Saints is a bit cheeky - you are essnetially paying for ripped material. And jeans are easily enough damaged through the course of wear without big companies tearing them deliberately for fashionistas with more money than style.  Ouch. It is of quality and en vogue, I guess. It may be for some people and is of an urban theme for a younger audience if you think this might be your thing. I'll stick to H&M though, because at least when I bust up clothing from that store I'm very aware that I only spent a fiver on it. It doesn't seem like so much of a loss that way, and with big labels I'm too frightened to wear them in case I ruin them.
4 I have a love / hate relationship with All Saints.  I love their distinctive tailoring and soft cotton & jersey materials. I love their palette of different black, grey, cream and white garments. I love their use of hand drawn skulls and old black and white photos. I love their Laurie Lipton tees. And I love the way their dresses and tunic tops move like ghosts.   I hate the fact that none of their clothes ever fit me!
