4 Pat's Chung Yin is fabulous. I go there especially for the small spare ribs from the freezer cabinets. It's a great place to buy spices. They are so cheap here. They sell huge bags of everything. They have things that you can't get anywhere else. The sell chinese cooking equipment and have a large range of crockery. If you're looking for a wedding present this would be a great place to buy it. You can get unusual drinks and Irn Bru.
4 Great little shop, very authentic. I came out of here with about 2kg of Egg noodles for the same price as a small bag in Morrison's.  My only gripe here is that suspicious Amoy logo on the front. It's clear that they must sponsor them in some way because of the amount of  their products on the shelf.  I can get Amoy anywhere though, I was hoping for a little more choice.
4 Unlike the other reviewers, I actually felt overwhelmed with choice when I visited this Chinese supermarket.  It definitely seemed like there were aisles and aisles full of unexpected Asian foodstuffs to discover, as well as a good selection of fresh fruit and veg., all reasonably priced.  It's fun to come here if you're up for trying something a bit different - anyone for a thousand year old egg, or some glutinous rice balls?  However, even if you're not feeling adventurous, it's still a good place to stock up on basics such as noodles or soy sauce.  You can even buy 25kg sacks of rice for about £15.
3 This was my first experience in a Chinese supermarket, and I was not disappointed.  I'm surprised that people are saying it's little, because I thought it was actually quite large on the inside.  Maybe it's been extended since the first review.  Anyway, wondering round the aisles at this place was very much like a voyage of discovery.  There were so many packets that had Chinese writing on, and so I was reduced to looking at the pictures to see what they were!  One of the things I enjoyed the most was the aroma of this shop.  Supermarkets rarely have an aroma, but this one smelt like a beautiful combination of different spices.  The source of this was the sizeable spice range - I could have bought a massive bag of chilli, or many other spices.  Apart from food, there was also a range of cooking equipment, with a good choice of different woks amongst many other things.  I have to say, I didn't find that this place was overwhelmed with Amoy products - there was a good range of their sauces on show, but on the whole the shelf space this took up was not significant.  I was impressed with what this supermarket had to offer.  I do love a good Chinese meal, though I haven't had one in ages.  Maybe this will give me the push I need to branch out.
3 Big supermarket catering for the businesses and Asian population of Edinburgh. Very easy to find and great selection of frozen, dried and canned food. From all over China and the other asian regions. I have not noticed that they actually lack of certain products or brands, but I did notice that the selection tends to change and indeed the 'commercial' westernised Asian brands are taking up more shelf space - but I guess that is a reaction to 'what sells' in Scotland.. Try looking at the upper and lower shelf spaces and you'll find that similar sort of product but cheaper :o) They are very helpful, friendly and patient (when you try to speak Chinese they even try to pretent you do it well)  because they more cater for the bulk buyer then the individual I have to take of a few stars.. I really wouldn't know what to do with 1kg of 5 spice and 10kg of Basmati..
4 I think from reading other reviews this place is hit or miss for some. Really understandable considering it almost seems like it is where you would stock up in bulk if you were an avid Chinese food eater. I also frequent the other Asian food store on Leith Walk and find this one offers things I can't find at the other store. Mainly, frozen gyoza (40 for 2 pounds!), dumplings and seafood. It has a really great range of products, but I think you would really have to know what you are looking for or be prepared to try something new. They do offer more commercial lines as mentioned in other reviews, but I do feel that is because there is a demand for them. I am not a fan of the look of the fresh foods and generally it doesn't look the best, but I would come here to buy non-fresh items like tom yum and thai green curry pastes as they offer large pots of them. It is a great option, although maybe not as authentic as you might expect. They do offer a lot of things, so if you can't find it in the regular supermarket, this is the place to try.
4 Massive supermarket style shop compared to the other Asian food shops around Edinburgh. They have all sorts in here from well known product lines to  really obscure items. If you want items in bulk then this is the place to come as they sell catering quanities for certain items. Gallon of tomatoe sauce for £2.00ish anyone? A more useful bulk buy would be the butchery section as they take orders for collection.  If you were having a BBQ or similiar then this would be the place to come and get massive ammount of chicken or similair.    Items of note:  - Frozen rotis  - giant bottles of soy sauce - Frozen edamame beans - bulk buy shin soup noodle deals - Biryani spice mix - All the cooking implements you would ever need for pennies - Frozen prawns  - fresh vegetables from the usual pak choi through to galangal root
