3 I've been here for drinks a lot over the last three years or so and had differing opinions virtually everytime but the place's quirky interior and range of cocktails have always lured me back. Now that the music policy and volume seem to have reached a sensible point (no blaring hardcore hip-hop) and the rather manic head barman seems to have moved on I think it can go on to greater things. And as I've for some reason failed to review it up till now having finally sampled the food it seems time to redress that.    Deciding that drinking on a palindrome earned double points (and having a hankering to take up the bar's bottle of vodka with limitless trimmings deal) half a dozen of us trooped along on 01/02/2010. As this was a Monday night we ended up being the only customers for the bulk of our time there. I doubt that had any bearing on the service but that was uniformly courteous and swift either way. The bottle of Finlandia in an ice bucket at the end of the table was a roaring success and no one had any complaints about their dishes, which included hare with pumpkin puree, black pudding with beetroot and poached quails eggs, haggis linguine and a very enjoyable cheesecake with strawberries dessert. £22 for three courses if having the table d'hote and the a la carte was slightly dearer obviously.    We'll be back again on 20/10/2010 and I'm looking forward to it.    Visited again sooner than expected (April 12th) and things seem to have changed as far as the bottle to the table goes. Smirnoff Black is now the vodka of choice and you certainly notice the slight change in strength. Mixers have unfortunately gone from individual bottles to jugs from the gun (and bizarrely Tonic's no longer available inclusively). You're still probably getting vfm but less so than two months ago.
5 I've been waiting to review Monteiths. I love it so much I decided to go back one more time, to experience the whole thing again so it's fresh in my mind.  I love Monteiths. It's often described in tourist guides as 'Edinburgh's best kept secret' and it's not wrong! It is sitting just off the Royal Mile and can easily be missed if you don't know where it is. The fairy-lit walkway doesn't seem like much, and the steps down to the restaurant may seem a bit odd at first, but once you're down there, you're never going to want to leave.   The bar is tres chic! Very cool and all the furniture is quirky, different and kitsch. They have a very special Banksy on the wall (google him!) of Edinburgh and really cool other features - such as a plastic deer-head and a mini library!  But let's get to the good stuff. The food...ok, I hear the point that the portions are small but the food is good. After all, it's quality not quantity! It's proper good, fancy food and tastes as expensive as it is...!  My only criticism would be about the desserts - nothing mouth-watering but hey, a moment on the lips and all that. So maybe it's for the best!  Monteiths is the sort of place I would take someone visiting Edinburgh for the first time. It's a really special place, in the summertime the beer garden is beautiful - I'm having my 21st here! It's a very special place!
4 I had absolutely no idea this bar and restaurant existed, such is its inconspicuous location on the Royal Mile, so when I met some friends for dinner here, I was quite delighted by the fairy light draped pathway which leads inside. I'm a sucker for fairy light enchantment, so this put me in a good mood for evaluating the rest of the experience.  The interior is very polished art deco style, modern but warm, with purple booths and comfy armchairs. Definitely good for a sly date or two, as it just has that ambience to it. The menu offers fairly classic fare but with a modern spin to it. The scallops and ginger marmalade I had to start were very, very good, as was the loin of pork I had for a main. The bottle of prosecco we ordered had a lovely flavour to it and came with strawberries to taste, which is always a nice touch. Having a meal here could prove to be quite expensive, but you can check out the menu on the website beforehand, and anyway, Monteiths is a pretty different dining experience from most establishments in Edinburgh, so I wouldn't expect prices to be rock bottom.  Coming here just for drinks is also a good call, as being slightly hidden away, you can escape the masses of revellers going to other bars in the area. The bar still gets busy at weekends though. The cocktail list has some unique concoctions on it, so if you do come in, make sure you sample one.
4 Located just off the Royal Mile, Monteiths is very fancy pants indeed, it does seem like it's trying a little bit too hard to be cool with the cushioned walls, chandeliers and the miniature yet perfectly presented portions of food. It reminds like of a real "ladies who lunch" type place but having said all that, I still quite like it. It isn't as obvious as other restaurants in the area and I must have walked passed it hundreds of times before finally popping in a couple of weeks ago.  They have a lunchtime offer where you can choose any two courses off the lunch menu plus a bottle of wine for £10.95 so great if you're a lady who lunches on a budget! Even though the portions are small, the food is still delicious and there is a great selection too.  In addition to food they also have an extensive cocktail menu, there's absolutely loads to choose from, in fact one of the best cocktail menus I have seen recently. The average price for a cocktail is around the £7 which I think is quite reasonable indeed.  A nice little find, definitely a good place to visit on a girly day/night out.
3 Booked a table as our last treat after spending a week in Edinburgh. The food was very good and for the price of ~£70 per head, including drinks, it should be. What didn't match the food was the surroundings. The restaurant was very crowded with 1 or 2 too many tables. The bathrooms were OK but not as good as they should be, and on my first visit there were no towels. The restaurant seemed to be more of a cocktail bar and because of this there was a lot of noise from the clientèle. Unlike other reviews I have read the Music in the restaurant was not loud. Service was acceptable. In summary the food and drink was excellent let down by the surroundings.
4 The small lights and branches on the entryway caught my eye for this restaurant just off the Royal Mile. They offer a good 2-course lunch menu. Yes, the decor is a little quirky (mismatched chairs and all) and the service was a bit slow, but it was a great change from the touristy places along the streets.  As for the meal, the Scottish shellfish chowder was divine. It was thick and packed with yummy shrimp, delightful on a chilly day. I decided I couldn't leave Scotland without trying haggis, so this was my day for the adventure. It was good, a bit more of a gourmet take on it, which is why I was willing to try it here :)
4 This was the best Scotish restaurant we have had in our trip to Scotland, it was better than Stravaign in Glasgow in our opinion.  The entrance to the restaurant is through a corridor that has a cannopy of wooden branches lined with small white Christmas tree type lights that give a romantic feel.  Then you go down a set of stairs into the establishment.  Once in you find a nicely decorated, warm, feeling bar and restaurant that is dimely lite with dark green walls, candlelight tables.  It is small bu they make it feel inviting.  We had the rabbit and chicken liver starter which was moist not dry.  It had a little gamey taste but very pleasant.  I had the preserved duck which was cured for 3-4 days.  It was sliced thin with some nice greens, capers, and some thin slices of cured tomatoe and pickle.  The flavor has a mild pleasant smokey aroma with a sweet vinegary taste.  Very nice, I have never had anything like it.  For  our main meal we had the Lamb with sweetbreads.  That was very moist and not dry at all.  The taste was sweet, savory and it had wonderfully crispy seasoned skin. They gave three plentiful portions of Lamb more than my wife could eat.  The sweetbreads were battered and fried with a tasty and sweet flavor.  I had the bone in Rib eye steak with basil butter on top.  That was served with very nice thick cut (one inch) french fries that tasted like they were cooked in duck fat, nice and crisp yet soft in the inside.  The steak was cooked medium rare to perfection.  It was very tender and well seasoned and savory, not just a good quality meat but had some very unique flavors.  I had the chocolat mouse with blood orange sorbet.  That was a rich creamy chocolat with a refreshing sorbet.  The other desert was cinimon poached pear which rather small with frozen double cream.
4 Our concierge at The Scotsman, Andrew Boe, recommended and made the reservation for us.  It was a wonderful atmosphere, beginning with the walk in under the fairy lights, to the dark and Christmasy dining room.  We started off with delicious crafted cocktails.  The sazerac sent my husband well on his way to feeling great.  I ordered the Hake and lobster which was wonderfully cooked and just the right portion for the days following the Christmas feast - small but enough to satisfy. The staff was warm, inviting and knowledgeable.  I would highly recommend this non-touristy hidden gem on the Royal Mile.
5 Oh. Oh no. Half of me wishes I had never been brought here and had it's delightful fairy-lit, courtyarded, tunnelled entrance introduced to me. The other half is telling that half to stop being an idiot and simply make a repeat reservation for dinner here 4 times a week, and then arrange cocktails with friends at the bar 2 days a week (with a day off to rest, as it's all about playing hard to get right?)  I had heard of Monteiths but had never seen it or had any idea where it was. Turns out it was hiding in plain view on the Royal Mile. Just a few doors down from WHISKI is a little, so-very-Edinburgh small pathway with arched fairy lights. It doesn't make a song and dance about itself, but rather teasingly shows just enough (an ankle maybe?) to catch the more perseptive pasersby.  Inside it feels like you've stumbled upon the best of secrets. Everyone else in here is in cahoots with you. Only you and they, and the waiters, know about Monteiths. A couple sitting at the bar luxuriating over their cocktails, a few families having dinner.   Ok so perhaps a lot of people in Edinburgh *do* know about Monteiths and I was really late to that party. But the fact it's on the Royal Mile and you could easily walk past it and not know one of the most delightful restaurants is there, well it still feels secret to me and I've already been.  As to the food itself? I wanted *everything* on the menu. Usually there are one or two stand out options, and one or two I actually really don't want. Not the case here. Everything sounded amazing. It seemed a French-Scottish fusion, so lots of meats, not many carbs (in a good way, no pasta or rice, instead lots of vegetables etc.) And the set menu of two courses for £18.95 offered a lot of choice.  From which I had the smoked salmon. Now, when a large slate appears with 4 thinly folded slices of salmon and that is all, I have to admit my heart sank a little. Surely Monteiths wasn't a coquette, only to not deliver? No garnish, no side-salad, just a little drizzle of balsamic on the slate and a wee mound of rock salts. But when I tasted that salmon....oh my. Exquisite. Words cannot describe. I had to ask to see the menu again to discover how it was smoked and flavoured. Whisky, orange, other foodgasm type flavours. Any relish or salad would have killed it. This was perfection.  The duck with merquez sausage and white beans for my main was also superb. Not quite as *knock your socks off* memorable as the salmon (which I can still taste. It was so unique) but it was, for me Jen, perfect. Game-y meat, spicy sausage, vegetables and healthy proteiny carbs rather than bread and pasta and rice.   The portions aren't massive, but for me again were perfect. Too full for dessert. Just goes to show that quality over quantity does win. But just a note for anyone with a hearty appetite. Maybe eat the bread that comes first? Or get dessert?   The ambience, the decoration (did I mention that? Like a stately home drawing room, but not so stuffy as fresh. Dark blue walls with antique type tables and a certain muted glitz), the friendly staff, the food, THE SALMON.  I would honestly dine here weekly if I could, although I think it would be overkill as it does seem somewhere in need of a special occasion or particular reason for dining.  Ok I've waxed lyrical enough. One of my new favourite places in Edinburgh, easily.
5 Female Yelper, 35, seeks sophisticated and cosy Bar/Restaurant for drinks, food and maybe more.  Desirable qualities include a fairytale entrance with twinkly lights, a warm and cosy interior with gorgeously quirky Scottish castle inspired decor, comfy high-backed leather armchairs, candlelit toilets and a perfectly stocked bar.  Must have own smart and knowledgeable waiting staff, an impressive menu of local Scottish produce and delicious cocktails.   Am available for breakfast, lunch, dinner and relaxed, luxurious drinks with good chat and mellow background music.  Will look forward to meeting you soon x
2 The food in Monteith's was incredibly poor - 1 star fare - although the place is certainly a smart place for cocktails, hence the extra star to bring it up to a 2 star rating.  Our view: "Far from being a contemporary take on Scottish cuisine, these dishes did nothing but reinforce the bad stereotypes that have too long plagued our national culinary image. Flavourless, overcooked pabulum is the only phrase that seems to adequately encompass the failings across both courses."  My experience was so different to those of others, both here on Yelp and from my group of friends who have also visited, that I can only conclude that it was chef's day off. Certainly, the broth and "rare" roast beef should be avoided when you visit, as these were the dishes I was unfortunate enough to order.   Not a place to which I will be returning.
4 Beautiful little restaurant, with a fairytale-like entrance, which I'm sure would make a fabulous place for a date night (even first date material!)  I was recommended to go here by my hotel receptionist (the Radisson Blu), who called up and reserved a place for me and practically walked me down the hill to it. As a business traveller, I like to find little places where I can relax in the evening with a book and zone out. Although Monteiths is more of a 'proper' restaurant, they were fine with me doing so and very welcoming and helpful throughout the experience.  Bartender was impressive and very knowledgable about cocktails. He said that he hadn't been there long but still managed to recommend some of his favourites from the menu and then made me one. I navigated some of the pricer large meals by getting a starter of smoked salmon and a salad - both lovingly prepared and very large for their haute cuisine nature. The salmon was cured with gin, which sounds weird but was amazing!  If I ever come to Edinburgh with my other half, I am bringing him!
4 Monteiths was recommended by our friends who have travelled to Scotland several times.  It was a fantastic recommendation: the food was very good; the atmosphere was beautiful, cozy and romantic -- don't miss the outdoor area for a cocktail, it's heated, so don't worry about the chill; the service was very good, we had a lovely young lady as our server.  She seemed new and a bit tentative at times, but our needs were ultimately met and again, she was gracious and accommodating.  I gave the restaurant four out of five stars because that while I thought the food was very good, I thought the chef could be a bit more creative with local fare, which is an outstanding source of fish and seafood.    Highly recommended.
2 This is a lovely LOOKING restaurant with good service. However, judging by its surroundings, I would have expected more from the food.
3 Been here several times before and I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt before reviewing.. they lost. It is such a nice - secluded - location. You go down the steps through an alleyway of crowned greens(ivy?) filled with twinkling fairy lights. First thing you see is their 'outdoor' smoking area and you may miss the actual entrance leading you to the basement of the building. There is the large and well stocked bar and 2 big high back easy chairs as a semi lounge area. Cosy. The furniture is deliberately mismatched - a bit too conscious about that, not the effortless mismatch I noted in other places.  As we were a party of two we (like last time) were asked to take place in the pass through area - were everybody will be passing - waiters, guests coming and leaving.. which I declined this time and asked for a table which has less traffic. We were supplied - good - close to the fireplace.  This was an 'Voucher Visit' for lunch. Meaning we had to order the starter, main and dessert in one order. We were supplied water laced with cucumber and grapefruit. This is not my favourite fruit but it does made the water taste different.  The meal was served promptly and the staff was a little rushed but efficient and very friendly. I was (as with my former visits) not impressed with the food. There is essentially nothing wrong, but nothing really wowed me as I wanted it to be. There was not enough taste. There was not enough presentation, rather under presented. The portions are not enough. - We had the braised beef and white beetroot with trimmings and gravy. The beef was falling apart which I was pleased about, but no taste. The gravy was barely there and my wife had to ask for more. The trimmings were: 1 sprout, 1 baby potato, 1 turnip (undercooked) 1 baby carrot, 1 mini 'pig in blanket' and on the plate and the trimming bowl we had loads of curly kale (blanched) - who are you kidding?  Dessert was rolypoly and coconut ice-cream and a my wife had a chocolate cake & mandarin cake.  The actual dessert was a chewy rolled poly with jam and vanilla ice-cream covered in coconut flakes, chocolate cake with 2 mandarin parts and a cream cocktail thingy. all nicely presented, all without the mmmm I like this factor. It was all..nice, pleasing, non offensive.   Will I go back, actually yes I will. I have such hopes for this place- every time they show us that there is potential, but so far I have been left hanging, wanting for that dish to wow me.   NOTE: there is NO wifi or mobile phone signal when in the restaurant - is that a good or bad thing .. I am still unsure. But I understand the no distractions idea of that.
4 Hidden place for drinks at night!  I had Cocktail Penecilin, a drink made in Milk and Hoeney in NY, its a great drink with ginger and smokey whiskey on top. It was good, a little weak maybe but steal good!  Recomend this place!
4 Small and hidden. Perfect on a rainy day. Luckily for us, it was a gorgeous sunny Scottish day and we still enjoyed it. Mussels were the best we'd had in a while. None of the broth was left. They were very helpful in suggesting gluten-free options for my boyfriend. The only (slight) letdown was we both wished the duck-fat fries were a tad crispier.
5 I forgot how much I love this place until we popped in for drinks on the way down the Mile the other day. I wanted somewhere that wasn't hoaching with tourists. "There's no such place" said the OH ... Then I remembered Montieth's.   Hidden down a wee alley, it's easy to miss. The fairylights are a clue that you're in for a treat if you take a gander down. There's a lovely outdoor area & inside a cosy bar & restaurant. Lots of dark paneling & tartan but in a tasteful stately home kind of way rather than tacky tourist-Ville.  We almost had the place to ourselves. There was one small group of ladies having cocktails at the bar.   The cocktail menu is great and the bar staff know their drinks. I asked for a gin cocktail & after being asked a few questions to find out my likes & dislikes the apple bramble swizzle was recommended. It was delicious & went down a treat. I could've had another but I didn't want to turn up to the photo exhibition a wee bit tipsy ;-)  The last time we were here was in the winter. The fires were lit & it was a Cody retreat from the winter weather raging outside.   This place is a definitely a secret worth keeping.
4 Quite an enjoyable Christmas lunch was had here last week with my boyfriend albeit I felt slightly rushed away from our table before the coffee arrived which I got miffed about (no prior warning!) especially as I'd spent £60 on a bottle of champagne to make it a special occasion! Mollified slightly by being escorted to some seats at the bar area. Harrumph.... Apart from that the service was speedy and friendly and they had the champagne waiting for me on arrival as requested. Tick.   Food-wise, portions were possibly a bit small upon first glance however we both felt satisfied and it's kinda nice leaving a restaurant not feeling overly stuffed. If my dad had been with me however.... Oh no.... He would have complained about the size of the turkey main....  I'd bought an itison voucher for a 3 course lunch and petite fours. Overall, extremely good value and I didn't feel like they'd skimped at all with the quality (you know how much of a rage I get into when that happens!!). My baked cheddar starter turned out to be a big spring roll looking thing filled with unidentifiable vegetables and a small amount of cheese. Tasty, though didn't match the description on the menu. The turkey ballotine was yummy! The ju was possibly a bit overly salty however as a salt fan it hit the mark with me. Would have loved a couple of extra roasties but that's cos I'm a greedy sod! My dessert choice was the cheeseboard, his was the sticky toffee pudding. Tick, tick. Only gripe was the disproportionate quantity of oat cakes versus cheese however the 3 cheese offerings (cheddar, blue and Brie) were of a  generous size and the red and green grape chutney was an excellent accompaniment.   Would recommend and I'd buy a voucher from there again! Have a chat with the beardy bar man! He's really knowledgable about his  gin and where you can buy the more unusual bottles in Edinburgh.
4 Who can resist a nice, juicy steak? Not me, that's for sure!  Monteith's is one of those places I've passed by many a time, intrigued by the arches of branches and fairy lights that lead down to it from the Royal Mile, but I'd always assumed it was a little out of my price range. Which it is, for the most part. However, when an itison voucher appeared in November for rib eye steaks, chips, a 250ml glass of wine plus coffee and petit fours for two for the very reasonable price of £34 I snapped it up.  As often happens I left it to the last couple of weeks of the voucher's validity to use it, but it meant that my boyfriend and I could enjoy a treat on an otherwise unremarkable Saturday.  I booked a week in advance, so was a little disappointed to see we had the table right next to the stairs down into the restaurant and right next to a plant - the plant was so obtrusive it rendered one of the seats at our table unusable. But apart from where we were sitting (and it wasn't so bad, as at least we weren't right next to anybody else, and I had a great view of the bar), the interior is really lovely. It's all muted tartan in earthy colours and animal skulls, modern Scottish I guess you'd call it (have they been decorated entirely by Anta?).  The staff are young and decidedly cool (check the bartender's massive beard).  We were one of several tables using a voucher, so there was a slight wait for our food, but nothing outrageous for a busy restaurant. We were offered a choice of two wines, a Chardonnay or a Merlot, with us both plumping for the Merlot (of course, red wine and steak!).  For what is presumably the house red, it was lovely! I was really surprised just how nice it was, and also very glad to see a voucher deal offering a 250ml serving (though it looks small in the glass as those things are huge!).  And the food itself was really, really good. A nice sized rib-eye, which would normally have cost £22. There was fat in it, but not so much that I ended up cutting more off than I ate meat (as I've had in other restaurants).  And I was delighted to see that it was indeed medium, not medium rare, not medium well, just medium.  In fact my boyfriend opined that it was better than Kyloe's. Chips were few but they were those mega brick sized ones so their volume more than made up for their number. And whilst the béarnaise maybe could have done with a smidge more seasoning, it was still the perfect accompaniment.  Coffee was good, although the petit fours were about half an inch long and there was only one each - a tiny square of something chocolatey. It was very nice, but miniscule (I know they're petit fours, but really these were teeny).  I'm too poor to come to Monteith's regularly, but should they ever have a deal again I'll snap one up!
4 I visited this place for dinner on my last trip to Edinburgh. My cousin had organised a family dinner, and we all pre-selected our 3-course meal from their Christmas menu prior to that evening.  It' a lovely little gem that's located just off the Royal Mile, where you will reach the entrance to the restaurant after walking down a cute fairy light-lit pathway. I had the Merry Metropolitan cocktail from the festive list, just you know, to get into the festive mood! Each of us had ordered different dishes from each of the courses so that we could have a taste of everything - sharing is caring! For the starters, I especially liked my selection which was the seared salmon - kedgeree bon bon, carrot and star anise puree. I love kedgeree, and these kedgeee bon bons were just too cute and delicious. For mains, my favourite was the duck confit - it's usually one of my favourite selections from any menu, because who doesn't love duck confit... Desserts were good as well, particularly the chocolate delice - rich, creamy and very indulgent. I can't comment on their regular menu, but overall I enjoyed their festive menu. The place was obviously quite busy and crowded considering it was around Christmas time, but it's a lovely, cosy little setting that's worth a visit.  More photos here: http://dancing-in-high-heels.blogspot.co.uk/2013/12/monteiths-edinburgh.html
5 Cozy downstairs space to get away from the Royal Mile hustle. Had a great roast chicken lunch. Modern Scottish decor that does feel touristy at all. Full bar. Would be good for lounge cocktails at night too.
5 Stumbled upon this restaurant on my recent visit to Edinburgh, the restaurant itself is tucked away and if it was not for a friend noticing a sign for it we would of carried on walking to find another restaurant....  The entrance to the restaurant is beautiful! An arched walk way made of bamboo sticks and tree lights. Once inside we were plesently surprised very cosy looking and the bar was fully stocked an added bonus!  The food was amazing I got a burger with chunky fries and the cocktails were amazing as well.  Only slight downfall service was a bit slow however the restaurant was busy.
