4 I finally got fed up of not owning a printer and the hassle which comes from not having one. My dad bought me an impressive Dell one when I started uni and it lasted about 4 months before it died. And it cost around 50 quid to buy ink for too.  So I hunted around on the internet before deciding this PC World was a good bet. The shop is pretty huge and stocks everything from digital cameras to the standard computer. There was plenty of staff wandering around, and we managed to have a good look before one of them pounced. There is nothing more off putting than someone pouncing on you as soon as you walk in the door.  The nice young man helped me to decide between the cheapest ones, pointing out all the features. I appreciated the fact he realised I was going to buy the cheapest one there so he didn't try sell the super expensive ones to me.  He then picked it up, took me to the cash register and that was that. Even threw in some small talk. Thank you, come again!
1 Went into get my notebook screen fixed the other day. Walked up to the "TechGuys" counter and put the shattered screen on the counter. The words that came out of guy's mouth offended me so much I wanted to punch him in the eyeball.  "We have a standard laptop repair charge of £275".  Dirty bastards! My netbook was only £250, I would have been cheaper buying a new one.  Went to priceless in Glasgow, got it fixed for £60.
3 I don't know about you, but that damn theme tune is in my head now. PC WORLD!! you know the one.  Well you can't really go wrong with it can you? It's a world of PCs. But now it's branched out...I bought a rather good TV here the other day. Wayhey, good for you PC world.  the staff are pretty dull in here though, it must be said. You get your token store manager who is enthusiastic about everything, a-la-Ricky Gervais' Office persona, but still. It's nice to see that 60s mantra is still going strong!!  For all your PC needs, it's PC WORLD!! (...that damn tune)
2 Certainly not the cheapest place for 'puter stuff but they do have just about everything and they are open when other places are not. For goodness sake never say you are buying for business use when at the till, you will be there for the next 10 minutes answering questions for their records.
2 When you are a customer on the hunt for a decent spec laptop then you'd be expecting a decent service but in the future, this would be my last rather than first port of call.  I have to say, the guy who served me first was really nice - knew the spec of what I was looking for and knew his stuff when it came to the product so the fault lies with the manager here.  Not many places would be turning down a cash customer in a recession going for a sale of £700 but the manager here did. Why? I asked for £50 off the *display* laptop - on display, none left in the back so a fair request but no can do. Really?   I used to work in sales so I know discount is a no-go if a customer is paying by credit card or interest free credit - as for moi, it was a cash sale, no extra charges to be taken from the store in the form of credit so there should have not been an issue. Most people would ask for some form of discount off a display item - what I was asking for wasn't even equivalent to 10% of the price, despite the fact it would have been handled by anyone checking out the product and had accumulated a few marks that wouldn't be present on a stockroom item.  So, PC world, to my knowledge, very few retailers are doing THAT well they can afford to turn down sales of that price. PS - went to John Lewis, paid less for a higher spec laptop and I'll GO back there!
