5 The Underbelly is the umbrella term for the list of entertainment hosts during Edinburgh's Fringe festival. Every year, the venues come alive in August with live comedy acts, quirky theatre and, y'know, just about every show imaginable!   I am running out of adjectives beofre I've even begun describing some of the shows here. There's some gritty new theatre, stage school showcases of the highest quality, audience participation events, relentlessly funny comedians, interpretive dance, book turned play adaptations, travelling shows - you name it, and it's on the bill.   From my experiences at the Underbelly it is predominantly comedy on the menu but there can be some surprises! My favourite Underbelly show, witnessed at a venue of the same name, was a spoof murder mystery tour called 24 Ways To Die. It was an absolute riot and kudos to the actors, because at times I was scared witless! It was very interactive, which most Underbelly shows are.  Although there are now many branch offs of the Underbelly, this venue I am reviewing is the mothership, and with its back alley, underground feel and amateur acts, it feels like a secret treat to even have a drink under the starry canopy, and that's before getting to the comedy. It's utterly bouncing throughout the festival and a must see, even if you do only stay for a beer! But with shows all under £10 as a general rule, why don't you stay a while?
5 Probably the best of all the venues in the Fringe, Underbelly is a mix of bars, music and a comedy venue. Found just off the Cowgate, near Grassmarket, sometimes you do have a lot of drunk lads outside which can be off putting. However don't let this sway you, once inside it's awesome. Over 2 floors, the interior is pretty grubby, but holds a certain skanky charm. It always has rock / indie music playing and the crowd are generally pretty cool.   The bottom bar is always pretty rammed, especially just before a show, but the smaller one upstairs is a lot quieter. They stock all the normal drinks, and as with all the venues are pretty overpriced. The staff are all pretty friendly considering they are always busy and work until 5 in the morning.  Underbelly also doubles up as a comedy gig venue, hosting one of the late shows. With tickets costing about a tenner, you get a range of about 4 comics starting from 12 and going on for a few hours. Although the line-up changes every night, all the comics are pretty good and it's a great way to spend a late night
5 I've no idea why this place isn't open all year. It's unbelievably cool. Every room feels like a damp air-raid shelter, with corrugated iron arched roofs and exposed brick walls and there are so many of them. There's bars, a café, loads of venues all in the same historic and extraordinary archways. It's grubby in a cool way. I'm such a scenester.   Set in the arches under South Bridge, it's my favourite of all the festival venues. The variety on offer is great. I saw a brilliant, moving and electrifying play here yesterday called Blackout (go and see it, please), and the day before I watch the delightful Josie Long in another of the many theatres.   Underbelly have to be applauded for creating such an exciting and vibrant venue. The range of shows is great but it's really all about the venue. I just wish it was open all the time.
5 I second Neal W - this place should be open all year round. It's just awesome, and brings a touch of laid back lantern-lit quirk to the rather...sticky* Cowgate area.  Literally (correct use of the word this time!) under the bridge, you go through this big archway and can immediately get lost. A café, an indoor bar, big sets of stairs, a small bar leading to an outdoor bar lit with beautiful lanterns and heaters, more winding stairs with an upstairs bar, venues for shows.  Each Fringe venue has its own personality, and Underbelly is the off-the-beaten-path, cool kid on the block. It has the feeling of a tucked away, hidden secret which is actually sprawling over three floors that you feel silly for not having noticed or explored it earlier.   The outdoor bit doesn't feel like it's outdoors. It's in a wee courtyard with fake grass and benches and a bar and hotdog stand. The heaters are HOT, swear they were melting my face, so unless it rains it's this cool little indoor/outdoor space. The building is obviously just used once a year for the Fringe venue purpose and whilst they install bars and the like, they don't decorate so it's still all the old stone and old layout.  It's everything I love about Edinburgh. Steeped in history, not trying to build new on top of old, but work with the old and make it even more beautiful; a random, beautiful mix of folk; open laaatteeee but without getting rowdy.   I think it's my new favourite Fringe venue.  *Can an outdoor area be 'sticky' in the same way a club floor at 2am can be? Well, you know that feeling when your shoes stick to the ground and if your scarf falls on the ground you'd rather burn it than wear it again. Yeah, that feeling. That's how Cowgate is, all the time.
5 The Underbelly has got to be my favourite fringe venue! Really stunning building. No theatre in the world is like it..i'm quite sure of it! Usually a high standard of show too! Can't recommend this place enough...
3 It's unique, it's atmospheric, it's a myriad of different spaces and corridors and passages. But it's a little tired these days - time for a shake up perhaps?  The Underbelly is perhaps the very essence of an Edinburgh Fringe venue: unusual location, quirky spaces, an edgy feel that provides the perfect setting for some very interesting work. And yet as the years go by this edginess becomes the norm, quirky becomes a bit uncomfortable and unusual doesn't have quite the same appeal when other venues are out-weirding the place. Added to that a shift in Underbelly's attentions towards Bristo Square and the Udderbelly and you're left with a venue that could do with some additional spark.  Perhaps I'm being harsh (I've seen some great work in here during the festival) but you wonder if there's scope to do more with this labyrinth of ancient brick under the Central Library. As the year-round home of the Bongo Club perhaps there'll be more innovation in the months ahead, which could rub off on the festival venue. I shall continue to watch - and visit - this space.
