4 Very happy with this company  they did my estimate for a replacement A/C quite awhile back and honored the price.  they were on time, professional, used slippers, knowledgeable and caring  i believe i received a very competitive price and the customer service in and outside the office was superb!
2 They came out on a repair, took hours to try to fix it, and charged a ridiculous sum of money. I'm not impressed whatsoever...
5 Priceless Plumbing can do it all - they serviced our RO system filters and fixed a Hose Bib on our outside faucet. Very efficient and did a lot of little extra touches since our RO system is 10 years old and a bit outdated. He tested the water and it's still working fine. Very good pricing and I also had a $25.00 off coupon from the Cave Creek Town Planner Calendar. The tech. Israel is very professional and nice. I even got a little thank you pen and hand sanitizer. Nice - will use again for sure.
2 They were punctual, professional, and seemed to know what they were doing.  They had all the parts and equipment for the job and fixed the problem.  My complaint would be that they refuse to give an estimate over the phone claiming they have a set price list that can't be determined until the problem is diagnosed.  They charge a large "diagnostic fee" that is waived if you allow them to do the work, which turned out to be 50% higher than other estimates.  You are stuck paying the diagnostic fee or allowing them to do the work at a high price.  Consequently, I would recommend using plumbers that charge by the hour.  All in all, the work was good, but the cost seemed excessive for what was done (replacing a $12.00 cylinder and tightening the faucet for $226.50).
4 I am very happy with the service from Priceless Plumbing.  We have had two different techs come out and both have been very thoughtful---thoughtful not only in manner, but in thinking out the issue and trying to come up with solutions.  I appreciate these guys are not knee-jerk repairmen!  I don't remember the name of the first guy, but the last two times it was Israel.  Can't say enough good things about him.  Again, very thoughtful, pro-active, polite, and kind enough to explain everything he was doing in simplistic terms a layman can understand.  Also, the PP guys are always on time and always wear shoe protectors.  They clean up after themselves---you can't even tell they were at your house!  The girls in the office, Heather and Cara, are always very nice and a pleasure to speak with.
5 We called Priceless Plumbing on Monday for a slow leak in our rental house in Tramonto area. Quick appt set for Wednesday . The secretary called to tell me the tech was 5 min away per her gps and sure enough, he was. Great guy, Roger was his name. Let me know cost upfront, work was done in a timely fashion, super clean. He even cleaned the shower head. I would highly recommend this plumbing company, great service. He even helped my tenant and I fix a bum fire detector in the hallway, no charge. What a great business with professional service. Have used them since for both personal and rental homes.
4 Rarely do I click on Yelp search ads, but today was an exception. I was searching for a plumber that would service a house in the Desert Mountain community (Carefree) and an ad for these guys popped up - good reviews, right area code. So, I clicked.  I called and got connected right away. They took down my info and offered an appointment window within the next couple hours. I asked for later in the afternoon and they obliged. They impressed me with their professionalism and willingness to work with my schedule.  A while before the specified appointment window, their operator gave me a call to let me know a technician was in the area. I reiterated that I still wanted my later time, to which she was quite amenable. She was merely offering the earlier time in case it was more convenient.  Right on schedule, Plumber Scott showed up ready to work! I demonstrated the clogged bathroom drain and he quoted me the possible costs. Though they seemed pricey, MOST service quotes in Desert Mountain are expensive. So, I'm used to it.  It turned out the clog wasn't so bad and Scott had it cleared out lickety-split! He accepted a credit card on the spot too. Overall, I had a very good experience with these folks and would recommend their prompt and courteous service to anyone in the North Scottsdale/Carefree area.
1 Very disappointing. I called this company because my drip system was acting up in my front yard. The man came out and looked around for a few minutes and told us we needed to replace the whole motor which was going to cost us over $680.00. Boy am I glad that we didnt move forward right away with his services. Today our landscaper came out to trim up our yard and took a quick look at the system and found that the sensors were dirty!! THATS IT, dirty sensors!! He charged us $35 to fix it right up. Beware that it seems if you are clueless as to what is going on they will attempt to take advantage
