5 I love going to get my hair done at Boujis!  It is so welcoming. While the salon is current with all the latest styles and trends, you don't feel put off by attitude. Dona, the owner, always greets you with a smile and knows you by name.    One of my favorite things about Boujis is that they do not let clients walk back on a whim to talk to the stylists and interrupt them while they work.  My time is my time!  Okay, call me selfish, but I like having the undivided attention of Ainslie when she is working her magic on my hair!    The other thing I love about Boujis is that the salon is light and bright, so when Ainslie colors my hair, we're looking at it with natural light, not the artificial light mimiced in many salons these days.  Speaking of Ainslie, I give her an A+.  I am a pretty easy client, and I like to change up my look, but when my hair doesn't need color, and I insist that I want it, she does not give in! She truly cares not only about the look she creates, but also the health of your hair.
5 I've had my hair cut by Molly many times!  I have to say, she gives the best haircuts and it is always easy to style.  Molly is a great listener and wants you to love your hair!  I would highly, highly recommend Molly!!!   I now live in Austin, TX and wish that I could have "a Molly cut "every 6-8 weeks.  Fortunately,  I do get to Arizona often and make sure I make an appointment with Molly!
5 So I saw this deal on Livingsocial and I am all about bargains, 50% off on shampoo, cut and style with Molly. I read the reviews before purchase and I will say that I was pleasantly surprised. I am not a Scottsdale girl and with the name Boujis Salon & Spa...I was expecting "The Scottsdale Persona". Molly was down to earth, sweet as could be and listened when I said to take as little length as possible. She did just that. No up-sale on products, just straight forward. The cut is great lots of layers, I have curly hair and layers make it a breeze to work with. Would recommend!
5 Awesome salon with wonderful stylists!
5 I come to this salon for Molly & Michelle. Normally I have Molly and one time she wasn't available so she recommended Michelle, who was also fantastic.   As a guy with medium-long hair, I really have no idea what I'm doing. So I can't go into supercuts or a place like that, because those stylists need so much direction, and I never know what to tell them.   Molly and Michelle consult me, they tell me what looks good and execute on their own opinions.  I'm always really happy with their work, I always come out of there feeling great and happy with my hair. My fiance also likes how my hair looks after a visit. With them I have never had that second-guessing uneasy feeling of "maybe I should go back and ask for a little bit more off the top."   I also want to mention that I've seen a complaint on this page about a living social offer. I just want to comment that those deals are a huge rip-off for hair stylists. The discount comes out of their pocket and only benefits the salon. That's not an excuse for poor customer service, but I think if you come in on one of those deals you shouldn't demand the sun and moon in return, because the stylist loses out on any services you order from them. Just my opinion. If I came in on one of those deals I would feel like the guy who comes into a store 5 mins before closing. Yes, technically you're still in before closing time, but don't expect to get friendly looks from any of the employees.
