5 This is one of my favourite day trips from my parent's who live in Ontario. It's about a 45-minute drive northwest from Mississauga, past Guelph. St. Jacob's has one of world's largest farmer's markets. The area is home to a Mennonite community. It draws people from all over who've heard about their great shopping area, which has both good deals and great finds. Whether it's furniture, antiques, crafts, clothing or home decor you're looking for, St. Jacobs is such a fun day of browsing and discovering. It's a quaint town with lots of places to eat, whether it's fine dining or a casual lunch you want to grab. It's a typical sight to see people eating ice cream cones or savouring homemade fudge. My favourite time to go here is Christmas, when everything is beautifully decorated and lit up. You can take a carriage ride through the village, chat with locals and learn more about the Mennonite culture that's rooted here.
4 Going to St. Jacobs is like going to Niagara On The Lake, but run through the cycles of Amish Paradise. I really liked going here. The quaint shops are pricey, but everyone's so friendly, and you'll definitely find some odds and ends that you won't find in the big cities. But beware, you won't find a gosh darned thing open on Sunday over here. Be sure to visit the big farmers market.
4 If you're com'in down to visit, come early, hard to find parking but well worth it! Yes, the prices overall are a LITTLE steeper than you would find at any tourist area but hey this is one of the ultimate  areas to visit in the summer time. With a farmers market and village area ( shops, markets and restaurants to visit) you can't go wrong. If it's going to get you out of a concete jungle or everyday run of the mill routine that is a typical weekend than get off your asses and plant it behind the steering wheel and view what life has to offer with a hint of, off the beaten path, je nas sais quois! Could not find any parking in the farmers market lot so like we recommended, get here EARLY!
