3 This small store boasts a variety of pottery made locally. Although (from my limited backround in pottery-making) it is on the pricey side, it still is quite cute and could easily offer a last minute gift option to someone.Also it's a very cute shop to browse in and Paul and Junko (the pottery makers) are very friendly and good to chat with about clay making.
4 I bought my mum a small blue plate in here for her birthday last year which only cost £5 and was appreciated (i think).  The staff in here are really firendly and down to earth guys who have plenty to chat about and share in the way of clay, kilns and decoration styles.  They pride themselves on the fact that their pottery is easy on the eye and not as pointlessly garish as some.   Most of it is painted in tranquil colours without any showy, arty stuff on it and they have plenty in the way of bowls, vases, plates and jugs.  They also give a good assurance of the structural quality of it all, so most of it has a practical use as well.  Meadows Pottery is a friendly and interesting shop which is well worth a look from just about anyone.
4 I love to see places like this that still exist, old fashioned traders making everything by hand! I don't know the first thing about Pottery so all I'll say is that the stuff looks very impressive. Unusually colorful for pots with all different kinds of finishing on them.   One downside, custom pots can take up to 6 weeks to make so book ahead.
5 I've recently taken up pottery as a hobby and after a recent 6 week course in Glasgow, I am left with a few ramshackle mugs, a wonky looking vase and a bowl with an uneven bottom that rocks around - completely useless. I've since convinced myself that abstract was the look that I was going for - it wasn't.   Although I had a fabulous teacher, throwing on a potters wheel just isn't something that comes naturally to me, I had a problem with just about every stage involved, apart from glazing as it just involved dipping my creations in a watery tub but even then, I nearly dropped a couple of mugs in a few times, oops.  Despite my lack of talent, I love pottery and I guess it's a skill that comes with lots of practice(I'll keep telling myself that anyway), especially when using a potters wheel. That's why I have a new found appreciation for anything ceramic and the items in Meadows Pottery definitely get a thumbs up from me. They have gorgeous items, each one unique and all very intriguing. You can get basic bowls, vases and mugs or more abstract and unusual pieces and they all range in price too starting from as little as £3 for some items up to higher figures for more elaborate pieces. Absolutely perfect for gift ideas, especially if you're looking for a nice house warming gift.   Where my bizarre collection of pottery tells a story of a girl who has no patience and the attention span of a goldfish, the pottery here tells the story of talented artists who are very skilled at what they do.
4 Archaeologists say that a culture's pottery defines and drives a society. if that is the case then Meadows Pottery might be the last bastion of our crumbling civilisation. We don't exactly have many commercial homegrown potters left, so it's nice to stumble upon a place like Meadows Pottery.  A small shop, Meadows Pottery offers vases, jugs, plates, decorations all sorts, all of simple design and colour. The pottery is nice, at the very least, with its easy-on-the-eye aesthetic, it is hard to dislike. I don't find it stunning, and so I do have problems with the prices, but I think the sort of market its aimed at will have less of a problem with this.  A pleasant and unexpected potters in the heart of Edinburgh.
