3 After a long walk along the Union Canal, there's no greater pleasure than spying the Bridge Inn. A buzzing hub of the local community, rarely have we dined in an atmosphere so alive with lively chatter. It can be relied upon to provide hearty fare and a friendly welcome.  Overall, we said: "this place seems like a good pub. They do nice food, good portions, decent prices and had a convivial atmosphere that is what I would want in my local, and should I find myself back in Ratho, I certainly wouldn't be averse to popping back in."
4 I will start by saying each time I visit the Bridge Inn I am never disappointed, however it also seems to change it's format rather frequently.  This has two effects, each review may have been written when the menu or venue was different but I prefer to focus on the fact that despite the many drastic changes I keep coming back and I enjoy myself each time!  A new feature (at least I think it is new) is a separate bar and restaurant menu, the bar menu ends at 7pm.  As you can imagine the bar menu is very much bar food, (burgers, fish and chips etc) while the restaurant menu is a lot more involved (steaks, fish, roasted pork dishes).  My very kind waiter allowed me to order a starter from the main menu and a main course from the bar menu even though it was after 7pm.  I am a sucker for scallop dishes and this blew me away!  My started was a fresh black pudding with pan fried scallops and a carrot purée.  It was absolutely brilliant, the flavours complimented each other very well.  I would have happily had a second and third portion.  My main course was a simple bar burger however this was no cheap burger patty.  A very nice steak patty full of flavour with some salad and nice strong cheese.    After dinner the dreaded bill arrived but even then I was surprised.  Not the cheapest bar food but worth every penny!  Drop by if you are out in the west, you won't be disappointed!
4 Tasty British cooking created with flair.... We visited during the week for dinner only and the place was full, which was a good sign. The proprietor met us at the door and apologised for problems we had encountered trying to make a booking as they had had a power cut earlier in the day and the phones had stopped working. We ordered drinks at the bar, I had an excellent draft pint of amber ale, whilst they quickly laid a table up for us.  The venue has undergone some serious remodeling and the new bar area has an open fire, but there is also a separate quieter bar, again with an open fire in the seperate restaurant area. The decor and lighting style created a pleasant ambiance.  The menu is inspired by many local food suppliers, the inns own pigs and 12 month year round vegetable garden, and it was most impressive.  I had scallops and black pudding to start with and they were presented in a creative way. For my main course I went for the pork belly, which also came with some pork meat, home made baked beans and apple sauce, all getting 10/10. The addition of twice fried chips were good, but I felt the thick potato wedge style chips could have been a little crisper. However I consumed everything presented to me.  My dining companions had a wood pigeon appetiser which was thought to be excellent, and a smoked salmon tartar, which was very tasty, but was not prepared in a minced tartar style, but simply served in small pieces of smoked salmon.  The dining room had a lively atmosphere, but was not too noisy and we all had a great evening.
3 Nice Village Pub  Cycled out to Ratho from Fountain park on the Easter weekend and stopped off here for a bowl of soup before heading back. They had obviously been quite busy for the Bank Holiday lunch, and the staff had that look of fear in their eyes when I walked in - "oh no, more customers, haven't we done enough today?!" - they didn't really say that! They were quite pleasant, if a little rough around the edges.  Food took its time, but was obviously home-made, try the Onion Rings, they were pretty special. I know a lot of people who love this place, but it has yet to win me over, though it is certainly the best option in Ratho.....  Straight forward semi modern deco, with a nice beer garden and a balcony looking over the Canal.
4 Just had a very pleasant evening with a large group (30+).  Despite the large group, food came out in a timely fashion and more importantly was pretty good.
4 For what it is (country pub type place) I really like this place! The food portions are huuuuuge, the pies ginormous and flaky! Yum! Clearly homemade. The service I found exceptional, very friendly and attentive. They certainly know how to endear themselves to customers.   As a pit stop during a summer walk along the canal this is exactly the type of place you want to go to. It has a lovely beer garden area out the back. Must remember this place for the summer months.
