4 We tried to climb at Alien Rock in Newhaven early one evening, but had chosen to climb on the busiest night of the week (Wednesday by the way!), so made the decision to pay Alien Rock 2 a visit. After driving around, in the manner of 'Wacky Races', getting thoroughly lost, we found a little piece of bouldering heaven tucked away in an industrial estate down Leith way!  The vibe was great, the tunes were good,  the staff were extremely friendly, and before we knew it we were signed up and ready to get going. It was free to register, and about £9 (including shoe hire) to climb, although make sure you have cash on you as they don't accept card payments.  The bouldering walls are shorter than climbing walls, and tend to be more technical...so are really great to really develop your skills. I've done a lot of climbing before, and certainly feel a bit safer with a rope attached, but there are super thick crash pads below you which provide a soft landing should you decide to detach yourself from the wall!  The routes are varied and interesting, and there are oodles of technical features to keep every level of climber happy! I didn't get the chance to chat with other folk that night, but everyone seemed pretty friendly and, because there are no ropes involved, you don't need a climbing buddy to go.   We had loads of fun, and I suspect we'll be making regular trips to Alien Rock 2 to climb up, fall off, develop our skills and have a great time while we're at it!
5 For the uninitiated alien rock 2 (or alien 2) is a bouldering centre. The theory behind bouldering is it allows you to practise various technical challenges of climbing without having to be outdoors or 60ft up a face!  Alien 2 has routes graded from 0 to 8, which differs ever so slightly from the vb to v8 system out at Eica:ratho.   There is a lovely big tutorial board by the entrance that explains the colouring system and the difficulty charts at the dot of each line (there are 40 lines in total.) and handily identify the pink spot routes as a good starting place for beginners.   I can confirm that these are a good place to start if you are anything other than an experienced climber!  The routes challenge your strength, flexibility, and technical climbing ability. The atmosphere is mixed. Energetic tunes blast out of the stereo (quality tunes to my highly refined pretentious taste!) make for a lively feel but it's lacking in conversation. That said we were identified as newbies and given a little chat by some there. Chiefly it is a nice temperature here, I was climbing happily in shorts and t shirt. A welcome change from the outdoor temperatures of ratho.   The place is a little tucked away amongst various industrial warehouses (after you've climbed pop next door to buy nailguns?) and can be a tad unobvious if you don't know it's there so I'd suggest a little google mapping before you head down there.   I haven't been to alien rock 1 yet so I can't make any comparison to the bouldering there. There's more routes available than there is at ratho, although ratho feels a little more suited to beginners to my mind.
4 Ooft, my arms. And my shoulders. And my right shin. I'm a bit of a noob when it comes to bouldering. Well an old-school-climber-come-noob. But the guys at Alien Rock made me feel very welcome and the whole place was great for a good few hours hard work and fun.  Alien Rock 2 is for bouldering only. It's set in an industrial park space, a bit further afield from Alien Rock 1 on the Shore. They have about 10ft tall walls (maybe higher?) with over 100 different 'puzzles'. Y'see, if you boulder you can either 'rainbow climb' by going up any route with any hand holds; or you can follow a coloured pattern of handholds. They vary from 0 (easiest) to 10 (hardest) but I couldn't get past a 4, and really experienced folk struggle with a 7. 10 is international standard.  So whilst when you first walk in the room looks quite small, low ceiling and with three walls round the outskirts, and three on the inside, you could easily spend 3 hours here and still not have tried every puzzle or pushed yourself.   A word of advice: rest between tries at puzzles. I did take 5 minute breaks at points but after 2 hours was shaking too much to carry on. There was one blue puzzle with an overhang that I was determined to master, but couldn't as by the end my arms were weak.  We just showed up with no requirement for training or teaching, and they did pretty much leave us to it. It was £9.90 each for entry and shoe hire. You can stay as long as you want. They do have you sign a disclaimer and there are warnings that if you fall, even the crash mats may not prevent injury, sprain or breakage. So you're pretty much climbing at your own risk.  It's a very basic facility, but that's all you need and to be honest rock climbing or bouldering has never been high maintenance. I imagine it'd get really cold in winter (like all rock climbing facilities I've been to). But if you're not trained / experienced enough to go rock climbing with actual, proper, ropes, then Alien Rock 2 is a great place to come for bouldering only; there were even a few solo folk there just tackling it wall by wall.
