3 I visited Caldow Salon when I used to live not too far near Roseburn. I finally decided that it was in the best interests of those around me that I got my scruffy hair a bit into shape.  I don't like to splash out on haircuts. Being originally a country bumpkin I used to enjoy a trim at my local hairdressers for £6. I know Caldow's £25 for a gents cut and finish (£29 for ladies) isn't that bad for Edinburgh, but that's only because Edinburgh hairdressers are all so darn expensive. The actual haircut was fine. It was pretty much what I asked for, nothing fancy. It wasn't really anything better than my old £6 trim, but I suppose I've been spoilt.   The salon itself looks quite swanky. They offer you a drink when you come in, and the leather seats face you sit in while being cut up (so to speak) faces individual mini TV screens. It all looks very nice, and I suppose that's party what you're paying for, but at the end of the day I'm only in there for half an hour and I just want my hair tidied!  The staff themselves were very friendly. I popped in to make an appointment and they asked me what I wanted done and I wanted any advice. If you're in the area, it's definitely worth checking out, especially if you take your hairdressers a bit more seriously than I do. A full list of their services can be found online.  Note: You can actually get 20% off your first booking if you go onto their website and quote "web offer" when you book.
5 Diane Miller  Was in the salon today, and Aileen done an amazing job on my very dried frazzled washed out hair!! The colour is fantastic and cut is just superb she advised me on what she could do to and I felt fully informed and helped me decide on the colours I should go for,  being a family run business is a bonus for me as they are friendly and relaxed without the stuffiness of a salon chain.  The are a high end salon but don't reflect that in their prices either . Best cut and colour I've had in Edinburgh and been to the bigger chains previously.  I'll be back for sure!!
