1 Yo, me and my homey went to get a job and eat at this place. The manager asked us seperately why did we want to work there. I told him I worked in many different places that served food. He said, " How fast can you run?" I told him ,"I played high school football but that was along time ago...I ran the 40 yard dash in bout 4.3 seconds." He went into this spill that he needed someone that could run faster. I was thinking in my mind wtf are you kidding me??? He acted like a fucking prick to me and my homey.. We both went home saying,"The punk thought his shit was a 5 star resturant." Douchbag fuck !! I'll make him my bitch and chili's.
3 Every time I come here the service is either really great or just terrible. It gets really busy by around seven at night, so you better be prepared to wait. It's one of the smallest Chili's I've ever been to, so when you get up watch out for anyone running by you. It's not the best Chili's and honestly, I wish they made this place bigger.
3 Think it's silly to charge 1.99 to get a bowl of soup instead of fries when adding a bowl of soup to your meal is 2.79. Doesn't make sense
4 Happy Hour in the bar is great. Love the free chips and salsa. Great appy specials. Hubby loves the classic nachos. We have Chili's in Canada but they don't serve the nachos anymore ... plus we paid $15 for an order ... uggghhhhh. And being Canadians, we aren't there often.  Our waitress always recognizes us and knows what we typically order even with four or more months in between visits.
5 Service has improved  100% since the other reviews were posted . They team wait staff the tables .
4 Normal Chili's atmosphere.  Descent bar set up.  Waiter/waitresses are good.  Wide selection of alcohol and other beverages.  More Manager walkabouts, which is good.  They have some really good menu items.  Not all south western, but alot of the trendy and traditional American style fare.
5 I came here for lunch and thought let's give it a try. I was seated right away and the waitress introduced herself as Jessica and that her assistant would be Barry today. She took my drink order while I looked at the menu. I was looking for a healthy lunch, but I saw on the back of the menu, a bunch of lunch specials and combos. I ordered the chicken enchilada soup and the pretzel blt. I didn't know it came with fries too! I couldn't finish my meal. It was a six dollar combo!  Do you know when you are at the mall, and walk past that familiar auntie Anne's pretzels smell? And you know you are getting a fresh pretzel? That's how I describe the pretzel blt. It was good but what was satisfying was the chicken enchilada soup!! It had melted cheese and just really hits the spot! It totally stole the spotlight of the pretzel bun. I will probably try another combo but I will definitely be choosing that soup again!  Another reason for the 5 stars was the staff, everyone was really pleasant, smiling, and polite! The was a humble elderly woman next to me who ordered a steak and Jeasica came to check on her and the lady said she would like mashed potatoes, and right away Jessica got that for her! It was just a pleasant and admirable moment to take time to make sure her guests were taken care of. Thanks Jessica!
3 Stopped here for dinner on our way to Tucson back in July.  Our first choice was a place with great reviews, but it turned out they only open for lunch.  Service was good, food was so so. We had the appetizer and 2 entrees for $20, We were in a hurry and that was the first thing we told our server. Appetizer was the onion/jalapeño stack (I think that is how it is called) and we didn't like it much because it was too greasy and soggy... we know it is fried but we usually order it and it never was like that. Not sure if the oil was not hot enough or what. Then, hubby had chicken pasta and I had a steak. His pasta was too tough, and the sauce was kind of runny. I do not remember exactly what was the issue my steak, but I think it was overcooked...  And why the 3 stars, you may wonder? well, a manager came to us and apologized and offered to make it right, but since we were in quite a hurry, he did comp our meals and we only paid for our drinks. We really just ate a little bit, we could not believe none of it was good.   So bottom line, the place was very busy, so it must  not be that terrible, it was just probably not our day. And, I do not expect restaurants to be perfect, but I expects manager to handle this kind of matters with respect for their customers, and I believe this manager did.  So, we were charged only for the drinks, but we left the tip we would have left for that kind of order (about 20% of what would have been the total bill if we had paid for it) and I want to think that had we had the time we would have gotten the meals to our satisfaction.
5 I'm a chilis fan because of their food. They always have the flavorful food I like which you can't get in Casa Grande. They are always adding new things to the menu an they give pretty good coupons. Service is good for the most part.
2 Chili's used to be one of my favorite places to go out for dinner and a drink. My wife and I try to get there once a week to enjoy some of our favorite dishes. After moving to Arizona from out of state, we were so happy to find a Chili's in Casa Grande. To make the experience even better- they have this entertainment gizmo on the table. We are pretty good at trivia games and have been playing a few games while waiting for our food to be delivered to the table. I teach and keep track of my spending because money is limited. I have never really reviewed my bill until last night. I saw a $0.99 charge for entertainment on my bill. Having missed the live music and dancers at my table, I asked the server about the charge. He informed me that we must have played on the entertainment gizmo- which we did. My problem is that it never asks if you authorize a charge. How can I be charged for something I never agreed to pay? There is no warning of the charge, there is no sign. The behavior of Chili's is criminal. Our Guacamole burger and Avocado chicken sandwich meals were fair at best. I am not sure how much salt was on the french fries because I could not tolerate them. I sent them and my second half of my chicken sandwich back because I was disappointed.  To make a long story short(ish): You have lost a loyal customer Chili's. Change your ways and I will come back, but in this market, there are a lot of places to eat and I refuse to be ripped off. Farewell!
5 food was great !!! our server kody showed us excellent customer service!!! will visit again for sure!!!
