4 Of all the Olive Garden restaurants I've eaten in, this is the cleanest and friendliest I've seen.  The food is fantastic.  The waiters and waitresses are so friendly and helpful.  It's a perfect place to celebrate with friends and family.  The food is outstanding and so much of it.  A good Italian place to eat.
5 Great food. Nice people and we had 5 people and the wait was less than 3 minutes during dinner on wednsday. Great place to eat. Great service and amazing salad! Bottomless salad. Yum!
4 Normally I wouldn't take the time to review an Olive Garden but this one is so good it deserves a mention.  I've eaten at many Olive Gardens throughout the country and this particular location is definitely the best.   The food is consistently good  and NOT SALTY like some other Olive Gardens.     The service is always very friendly.  We did have a problem one time but the manager went above and beyond to remedy the situation.   Give this location a try.
2 i didn't want to cook and a quick search of the gift card pile turned up one for the OG so we burned it on takeout. i gotta say i'm slightly annoyed they don't do curbside to go. it really isn't that hard to send someone out to my car is it?   traffic control in the lobby was an issue. service was slightly better than incompetent. but, you get a massive amount of food. massive. unfortunately, it wasn't the greatest food ... i know you're surprised. don't lie. the cheese ravioli was just not good. dry pasta with and completely no flavor in the filling. sauce was scant.  while saucier, the chicken alfredo wasn't any closer to being a winner. the only real winners from the meal were the surprisingly tasty lasagna fritta, the salad and the breadsticks. which i guess makes sense.  in fairness, i must admit that everything was packaged extremely well. the salad tasted just like i remember it from years ago. i like olive garden salad a lot.
4 This is the BEST location in the West Valley. Arrowhead is always too packed and the Metro Center location never makes the food the same. They always get me in quickly and the food is consistantly good. I order knowing I can expect quality. I am a big $6.95 unlimited soup and salad fan.
4 We went on a Satuday night, busy but not too bad.  Good service and really good food.  They even catered to my picky childs request, sauce on the side and no cheese.  Until recently I wasn't a fan of Olive Garden and couldn't understand why it was so busy.  Years ago I had tried it and wasn't impressed.  Decided to give it a chance and have now gone twice in the last month.  Breadsticks and salad and then some good pasta, can't complain about that.  Plus the reasonable prices put it back on my list of places to go.
1 Ate the seafood alfredo and was VERY disappointed. The sauce was very watery and bland. I basically loaded up on soup and breadsticks. Definitely a pass.
5 Excellent! What a great place to celebrate my 5 yr data-versary : ) we got here a little before 6PM. There was no line. Its our tradition to go to an olive garden just like we did in the beginning  (its their fault we're in love, they started it in 2005 by setting up the mood when we were "just friends"!)  Our server was so friendly and easy going, he put us at ease and we were able to enjoy the meal. The team there was attentive, fast, and courteous.  I got a virgin Tangerine Palermo(sp?) b/c I don't drink alcohol.  Its off the menu since a few years ago but if you ask the bartender he will make it for you. Its the best drink ever.  At first, they did serve me an alcoholic version of it without carding me which I thought was a bit odd since I look twelve. I took a huge sip in an empty stomach, and yikes it was STRONG and I got buzzed and a mild headache that followed,...  anyways the server fixed it and got me a virgin tangerine palmero(sp?) and apologized.  I got the trio sampler: stuffed mushrooms pork ravioli battered fried calamari.  Dang good stuff, especially the calamari!  I also got the new "Lasagna Fresco" (?) basically stuffed lasagna with plenty yummy cheese and tomato sauce. I loved this dish.  Minestrone was hot and fresh as usual.  I would totally go back again, even if I got an unintentional buzz.
4 It's been about 25 years I think.  For 25 years I've looked at Olive Garden the way that I look at white Chevrolets and JC Penney. An almost generic experience.   But you know, over a business lunch today I reflected how flawless the experience of Olive Garden really is. It's like what a Chevrolet or JC Penney should be, but neither is.  25 years ago I would have been marveling at America's new dedication to industrial rebirth and automation. GM was building cars with robots back then, you know. How beautiful the future looked. Automation! Computers! It was a second industrial revolution for America! Manufacturing was what America did well, by gum!  Well, nowadays most stuff is built in China. America's industrial base has shrunk. We still make planes and guns. And porn. But not a whole lot else.  And now, we have the clean and modern Olive Garden on Happy Valley Road, where I and my partner were greeted, seated, and beveraged within less than a minute, and attended to by a very pleasant  young server (and his pleasant trainee) who was fully versed in the menu and capable in  various varieties of small-talk. Within a reasonable time we were presented with our soup and salad, which was consistently prepared and reliably tasty.  For a main plate I ordered the Shrimp Primavera, which was delivered a perfect interval after the salad and soup course was finished. My friend had the Ravioli Alfredo, which looked delicious and got his thumbs-up. My dish was tasty enough, and the pasta was al dente. The shrimp were cooked just right--not overcooked and dried out as they usually are in other places. The breadsticks were well-presented--tightly wrapped and perfectly heated--and delicious.  During the course of the lunch our iced teas were refilled regularly, even by servers who weren't assigned to our table. There were regular checks on our welfare and our enjoyment of the meal.  Finally the check came, and given what we had consumed it was a very reasonable price. The waiter included a handwritten card thanking us, as well as a couple of Andes mints. I tipped him well.  There was nothing--NOTHING--to complain about. It was a wonderful lunch. It was full of positive feelings.   Except for this sobering realization, which probably only affects weird-asses like myself who just can't relax and enjoy:  Working in a place like Olive Garden is all that most of the new generation (like our waiter and his trainee and younger) will have to look forward to. It's what we as a nation still do well.   We serve precision-prepared breadsticks with a passion. And dammit, we do it well.   Try doing that over the Internet from India, you heartless capitalist assholes.
4 My reivew is a little late, but better late than never.  We celebrated my son's first birthday here, So yes this is a very very special place and will always be in our hearts.  We just wanted to host a dinner, as my son is too small to play anywhere.. we wanted something elegant and fine dine. so we Zeroed in on Olive Garden Happy Valley. We have been here before many times   We talked to many other restraunts, but believe me nobody will work with mr or cooperate with me at all... somewhere we could not choose our menu, or they would not let us decorate something or the other. But the staff here was amazing, they completely were flexible and and they let us decorate our party area. we finalised on everything.  So my son's birthday came, I got the cake and asked them to keep it in the fridge, and was handing over the number 1 that was suppposed to stuck up on the cake and this old lady employee grabbed it from me not realizing it was not a candle but made from chocolate and fondants... and actually broke it. I was kinda upset with it, I tried to join it again but thanks to the old lady it was not going to be intact again.   Anyways,  everyone gathered there. we were around 25-30 people. We got great service, we had 2 servers who kept track of everything were very polite and understanding, but refused to help me in cake cutting and distributing. Never Mind.  We had a great birthday party, everyone was happy. Thanks.
2 It makes me sad how this is what passes for acceptable eating out these days for the majority of people... that rant being said...  We went here with my family celebrating 8 million occasions.  We all have very busy schedules and can't always make it to all of the events that happen in each others lives.  In the past 5 weeks my family has had 5 birthdays, mother's day, a graduation, and a retirement.  We finally picked a date that we could all meet up on, regardless of some of us missing the individual events.  And unfortunately, my in laws have some sad love affair with Darden Restaurants, so sadly we wound up at Olive Garden tonight.  We arrived with a party of 9 and were seated in less than 15 minutes, which is one of the few pluses of our OG experience tonight.  We ended up with 2 servers for our party, which is the company's sad policy.  That equals out to 4.5 people per server to wait on.... should be a piece of cake right?!  Four modifications were made to our party's order:    - 2 people asked for extra lemons in their ice tea                 -(one got no lemon, the other got 1 lemon)    - 1 person asked for sauce on the side    - 1 person asked for an item to be added to their pasta                 - (this resulted in an overly long thought process about                     whether or not the computer had a button for it)  No one ordered booze. Ice tea and water for the whole table.  Food came out moderately promptly and was accurate.  Drinks; however, were left not refilled for 4 party members for 15 minutes.  Salad plates were only cleared from half the table  Boxes were asked for, but left on a tray for us to retrieve ourselves.     Typical, but annoying is the response I have to this Olive Garden experience. But, why bother improving service when people keep coming anyways, right?!
4 For a chain restaurant, this location had quite a few things down.  Polite hostess, efficient & quick seating, good server, and a menu that changes a little every so often.  Soups & salad are dependable, though many of the entrees are heavily American skewed with all of the massive cheese & fried options.  This place has a niche in chain-dining that won't go away - the soup/salad lunch deal, those quirky breadsticks, the chocolate mints at the end, etc.   Lot of family dining here, and across a broad spectrum of demographics.  Never had bad meals at an OG, but nothing spectacular either.  This location though is among the better OG's I've found.  It sure as heck beats many "local" places with surly waiters and bad parking.
4 The server was very much in our face the whole night. Eavesdroppping on our conversations. Being annoying. Also stood there and waited for us to tip when we handed him the bill. Luckily my husbands a sweetheart because I would've dropped down a dime and left. I just find it very rude! The food took forever and it was cold when it got to us... Not worth a 90.00 tab to me!
4 What can I say? I'm a sucker for chain restaurants sometimes. I can't help but have a craving for those warm breadsticks. I'll have to be a little picky though because recently they haven't been to generous with the breaksticks.   Yes, Scott Pilgrim, bread does indeed make you fat but that's why I don't eat at the OG everyday. So when I want breadsticks, I want a full basket please.   Usually, I order the Chicken con Brocolli. However, I was really in the mood for just a bowl of pasta. The lingiuini sounded good but I wanted a different sauce. AHA! My mom always orders the Penne with cheese baked on top. They add bread crumbs for the perfect crunchy topping. My mom purposely leaves half to take to work the next day but sometimes I can't help but steal a bite or two.  I did not regret my decision. Paired with an iced cold Bellini Peach Tea, I was in OG heaven.  :)
3 Normally a decent dining experience but we had a server  who apparently was very new. First he took a while to even get our drinks out then he didn't have a pen to take our order down had to leave and come back and then he went to place our orders he came back and asked did we see his black book? We're like "What book?" He said the book he has to have to place our order. Then I guess he found it and the salad took forever and then their were no breadsticks for a while then they came and another while or so our appetizer came out. I for some reason let my son fill up on salad and breadsticks and stuff from the appetizer and after he and my husband went thru 2 salads the server came and said the food was on its way soon. Then like 15 mins later he comes and says somehow the order just didn't get put in and he just did it but it will be a while; would we want our stuff to go?! Crazy! I was calm bc my son wasn't hungry because I had let him fill up on bread and salad; but was pissed bc it was just a poor experience for us. He was super apologetic and sent a manager named Pete who was nice who comped our entire meal and gave a gift card for next time. I will for sure go again because it was such an odd thing to happen for the chain but I was very disappointed. It may take a while before I actually use the gift card card.   Also, to put the icing on the cake the order was wrong but I didn't find it out until I got home; I was just so ready to go after being there hours with no real food but appetizers, bread and salad.
3 If there was ever an Italian in this kitchen, he or she must have left immediately, hopefully leaving their paycheck behind.  Salad was vinegar, cheese grinder came without cheese, soup was maybe, three ounces.  Shrimp was over-cooked.  I asked for extra garlic, so they used NONE.  Waiter was so-so and kept apologizing for the problems.  And service was SLOW - almost 30 minutes to receive the main course after the soup/salad.  Sorry, I'm thru with this chain store!
4 Enjoyed the never ending soup salad and breadsticks. Soup was hot and fresh. I had the sausage and potato and then the chicken and dumplings. Very good soups. Breadsticks and salads kept coming and the service was great. All this for $6.95!
4 This is one of the better Olive Gardens in northern Phoenix.  I had a very good weekend dinner experience.   I went with my husband and our boys on a Friday afternoon, just at the beginning of the big dinner rush.  We were seated promptly and in a booth as requested.  The server was nice and had our drinks and salad out quickly.  The main entrees took a bit longer, but this was expected as the place was nearly full and bustling by the time our orders were put in.  All of our food orders were correct and freshly made, and our drinks were refilled without ever asking.  We also ordered dessert and coffee.  We took our time and never felt rushed to free up the table.  It was just a great family dinner experience overall.  We'll be back next time we're craving pasta.  One thing I also want to mention is that I actually left the restaurant, got to my car, and noticed that I had forgotten the box of my leftover zeppoli donuts.  I ran back in to see if it hadn't yet been thrown out.  It actually had already been thrown away, but the manager very kindly offered to make a quick order of them for me to take home.  I felt that he went out of his way to make sure a customer left satisfied.
5 Been here twice and both times very satisfied. Service was friendly and the food excellent. We actually ended up ordering too much on both occasions, because it was so good. A sure bet for our family of eight. Keep it up, OG!
4 I was in Phoenix a month ago and met with someone here. It's your average Olive Garden. The service we had was great though - she was very attentive and nice and wasn't impatient at all despite the fact we were there forever and a day.
4 Been to one... Not. Been them all.  Quickly seated during rush hour dinner, plates promptly delivered, attractive staff, food 10/10 and never had to look at a empty glass. Well done North Phoenix O/G.  Well done.    Keep it up!
4 This is one of the best Olive Gardens in Phoenix. It is always clean and most of the staff are friendly and pleasing people.   We went to this Olive Garden for lunch this weekend and like always it was packed. Our waiter was the very sweet and on task! He was great and catered to every single one of our needs in a speedy manor.  My husbands food was not cooked correctly and we made the waiter aware of this. He then fetched the manager who was a horror to deal with and offered us nothing for their mistake, not even an apology. This was very frustrating after having such great service. The waiter took it off of our bill with us even saying anything more. I just think that it is pretty pathetic when managers do not step up and do their jobs correctly and then it becomes the waiters responsibility.   Thanks to our waiter Anthony, who has much better customer service then his "superiors"!
4 It's Olive Garden.   The location is good though, it's a nice area. This is one of my favorite Olive Gardens to go to.
4 I love the SSB (soup salad breadsticks). You can for sure share the dinners it is enough for 2. Sometimes the lobby smells a little odd, but other than that, the service is great as well as the food!
4 Not sure how I have not reviewed this place yet. We go here at least once a month.  I love the soup salad and breadsticks...could make myself sick.  Their peach tea is fantastic (but be prepared for it to be really sweet, if you don't like sweet tea order something else).  Can't say I have had a bad experience here, there have been busy experiences where the place is packed but never horribly bad experiences.   It is a fun place to go with the family and the food is good. I like the new promotion to order and take the entree for the next day (cause seriously isn't that what everyone does now anyway?)  Love this place!
4 The bartender is a cutie pie!
4 Love olive garden! This location is always packed at night but they usually find you a seat within 30 mins. The waiters are friendly, and still check up on you even when busy. Great food but everyone already knows that!
4 Much better than in past years. We had previously sworn off this place after a profoundly mediocre experience a few years back. Blah food, no real garnish, breadsticks that were salty and flavorless.   I'm happy to say that Olive Garden seems to have redeemed itself. The breadsticks and salad taste like breadsticks and salad. They're now doing a 2 for 1 dinner special where you get one order of food at the restaurant and another full order packed in a to-go box. I opted for alfredo on site, and cheese ravioli to go. Happily, both were excellent. The alfredo sauce was garlicky and the pasta was cooked correctly. It even managed to stand up to microwaving the next day. The ravioli fared great and was delicious the next day as well.  The place was busy on a Saturday night, but the service was efficient and they looked to be holding up just fine. This place was LOUD though.
4 There was a time that I swore I'd never go back to Olive Garden again. There are many great and local Italian places in the valley. Olive Garden's prices were going up, their portions were huge, and the quality was either dropping or my tastes were maturing.  And then recently we went with some friends. I have to say that there was a time that I loved Olive Garden before getting to the point I mentioned before. Our last trip reminded me of the good times here. The salad was great. The breadsticks had more flavor than just butter and salt. And a better texture than my last few trips. And the pasta dishes were great. Suddenly this place is higher on my list than 1 or 2 of the local favorites I would've recommended  a year ago.
3 Not bad.  A little disappointed with portion sizes.  Great chagrin over the final tab - paid more than we felt it was worth.  Service was pretty good if you can get past this waitress's really shrill voice.  Again, not bad, but far from great.  Wouldn't hurry back.
3 I've been going to this location for five or so years. Yet lately it seems that the service and the time of a typical dinner at this location have both headed into murky waters. There is no clear agenda to be unique, just to take your money for the check and to pop you through your meal like a car on the assembly line. My advice would be to find a way to make this olive garden feel less of corporate mandate and drive service. This will keep your restaurant's wallet share per customer higher and you won't share it with local italian competitors.
4 Love the soup and bread sticks here
3 A pretty standard Olive Garden in a great area to shop around if you want more to do then sit and eat.  The restaurant was pretty busy and we opted to sit at the bar instead of wait for a regular table - most of the time bartenders are awesome servers anyways.  Side note: If you sit at the bar to eat be aware of the a/c units - they are directly overhead.  It was a Saturday night so college football was on and the crowd was a bit louder than normal in the bar area, but not a big deal.  The food was good as always and our server was very nice and checked in on us regularly.    Downsides on this visit would include some of the kitchen staff coming out to take a peek at the game and touching a chair (i.e. my fiancee's chair who happened to be in the bathroom when they came out), the counter, the doors, and other items with their prep gloves on - then proceeding to walk back into the kitchen with those same gloves on.  We decided to pray that those gloves were thrown away as soon as they went back into the kitchen, and new gloves were put on.  However, the fact that they were touching things that we were touching with gloves that had who knows what on them was a big downer.    Overall: B The gloves thing killed a lot for this location - but considering the vast amount of Olive Garden locations we have been to in the past, it's not a norm and we'll go back for sure.
5 The food at Olive Garden is always so amazing! Our Server Stan Lee Farley provided excellent customer service. He was very attentive and recommended a great appetizer. I will definitely be visiting Olive Garden again!
4 My husband and I went here tonight with the kids. As usual the food was very good.  Right now they have a special deal going where you order two entrees, one to dine in and another entrée to take home. My husband and I both got this. I got the Italian duo and decided to take home a shrimp dish my hubby got the Parmesan crusted chicken and took home the spaghetti.   Our server did very well and took care of us (and sometimes that's not easy with two young kids!) I don't know about he rest of you but I prefer male waiters, they seem to do a better job, just my opinion.  Anyway, we go to this Olive Garden all the time and we only had a bad experience one time so that's pretty good. I know the Olive Garden gets a bad rap among italian restaurants but we really like this one!
3 Food....cookie cutter Italian. You can make this at home and when they bring 5 breadsticks for a table of 9 you will wonder why you didn't stay home.   Ambiance...like every other Olive Garden over crowded and loud.  Staff.....well trained but not especially friendly.  Verdict....I love Italian and you can tell how I feel about this place. You wont get a bad meal here but for the price you can do better.
5 Is it ever bad at an Olive Garden? Being from Hawaii, I make it a must eat place at least once while on the mainland.  This location was very clean and neat. Seating was no wait. It was just me (business trip) and I arrived at 5:30.  The service was excellent, the food was good and the portions were large. I had the calamari, stuffed mushrooms, the beef tortellini, and a pomegranate citrus acqua fresca.  Everything was delicious. That beef tortellini was OUTSTANDING. I had a ton of leftovers that I took in for lunch today and it was still just as good as the night before.  The pomegranate citrus acqua fresca came in a really tall glass. They need to consider serving that with a bendy straw. It was refreshing, but too bubbly for my taste. The sparkling water made me feel like I was all gassed up. Or was that the fried calamari? :)
4 I love Olive Garden!!! I just wished their fried Zucchini can be improved... But overall always love the service, raspberry Lemonade, and do much more!!!
5 First time at an Olive Garden in several years. First time at this location. We went on a Sunday afternoon. No wait time. We were greeted and seated right away.  Our server was super nice. Brought wine for us to sample. Answered our questions about some items on the menu.  We started off with salad and breadsticks. Delicious as always! I ordered a 'skinny' margarita. It was good. Maybe not as tasty as a regular one, but a good substitute. We ordered Lobster Cannelloni and Baked Tilapia with Shrimp from their lite menu. Everything came out hot. The Lobster Cannelloni was very good! Tilapia was okay. A bit mushy for my tastes.  Everything was very good to excellent. Kudos to them for offering a 'lite' menu. I'm not big on corporate restaurants, but this one certainly doesn't disappoint!
3 You know what you're getting when you go to an Olive Garden... Full.   Endless soup and salad is the only way to go. Service was fine. Food was fine. Nothing was phenomenal or horrible.    :)
5 Just got take out and it was amazing. We were really impressed with how neat, organized, and delicious it was. Will be back for sure :)
3 Not sure why I come back... the wait, the service, the food. It is all boring. Up to the point where you get the bill...then you are just mad.   We had Soup, salad, bread for 3 of us at the table and 1 entree. The bill was still over $50. I cannot justify the cost at all.   Go to frys and buy the Dressing, make it at home for 1/4 the cost.
5 This is my favorite Olive Garden to visit in the Valley. Friendly service and tasty food. I always get the Seafood Alfredo and he gets the Chicken Scampi-You can't mess those dishes up ;) Simple, but always a pleasure to visit and see old friends!
5 Great food but even better service!!  We were seated by an obnoxiously loud group of people when our waiter Shelly along with her 2 managers went above and beyond to show appreciation for our patience - they gave us a "patience cake" that was really nice and delicious.  We will definitely go back because of that!  Just the fact that they acknowledged the problem is amazing, then to "sweeten" the situation topped it all off or us.  Great job Olive Garden!!
