1 I went to this location after picking up a friend from work, because she was hungry, and it was on the way home. The wait in the drive thru, was fairly short, and about the only good thing about this location. But when I got to the window the girl in the window, ruined the whole experience, she was quite rude, and did not appear to speak very much English.   She failed to give us one of our drinks we had ordered and paid for, and had to ask for it. She also did not give us any straws, which we did not notice till after we left the drive thru. We also ordered a 5 piece chicken nugget, and asked for barbecue sauce. The girl said that Wendy's only carried one type of sauce, honey mustard, and that is all we could have. In general this experience was horrible, the burger I got in the Baconator combo was crushed, the fries were old and stale tasting and the 5 piece chicken nuggets were old and dry.   I feel that it was toward the end of the night on a Sunday and this employee was not happy to be there and also I think they gave us old food, that was pre-made and had been sitting for a while. Either that or she was poorly trained, I am sure the language barrier had something to do with it too!
3 I got a phone call from the Manager of this location Bill, since I reported my horrible experience to corporate. Who apologized sincerely for my experience, and said it was entirely uncalled for. He did say they were out of barbecue sauce but did say that they had more then just the other sauce the girl offered. He did not sound to happy with his employees, and did mention that it was towards closing when I came thru the drive thru, but said it was totatlly uncalled for.  In any event he offered to replace my meal for me.  The verdict is not out yet, we will see how my replacement meal is. I will give them a shot on the replacement but the verdict is not out yet.
2 OK, So I went back to this location for my FREE meal, well there was no problem with getting the free meal, except that the girl at the counter that rang it up must have been stoned, because in between punching in my order which was pretty simple because it was on a receipt right in front of her and her singing a Brittany Spears tune, it took her like almost 10 minutes to ring it up, while I am standing there forgot to give me cups for my drinks, which I had to ask her for, and in general the food once again was crap, the fries were dry and hard, the nuggets tasted OK, and the burger was once again crushed. I use to like Wendy's I guess this what you must come to expect from today's fast food business.
3 I eat at this Wendys literally at least 4 times a week.  I have had a couple days of slow service but the food has always been fresh and warm.  As far as fast food goes I do not believe it gets any better than this.
4 I've come here for lunch on and off for the past few months I've been working at my new job.  This place isn't half bad, and its just like any other wendys I've been to.  Lunch hour is busy in the resturant and the drive through, so come prepared and expect some delays when ordering.  They also serve breakfast here, and I've never had a bad experience yet!  In and out in no time!
2 Wendy's has been my fav fast food restaurant since I was a kid.  This is the closest one to my home and I will pass by 3 McDonald's and a Jack-in-the-box to get there.  Each time I have eaten there has been a real disappointment. I don't eat fast food often but I know what Wendy's should taste like. The overall quality seems to really be suffering at this location. The fries and the meat are consistently overcooked and taste as if they've been sitting for long stints.  I usually go after work around 6pm. Each time I ask them to rectify the issues I experienced the last time. Each time it comes out just like the previous visit.  I am not a picky eater but I do expect quality and consistency when I pay a restaurant for food and have been a loyal customer for years.  I won't go back to this location.
4 Well, it's just Wendy's... but this one has a very cool, as modern as it gets fountain drink machine.  AND the staff is always friendly and their breakfast food is the bomb!  If you haven't had a Wendy's breakfast, try it!
5 I have to review this place to give it 5 stars for just one sandwich.  For what it is (fast food) their hamburger (not all of them) is top notch.  Here's the deal.  Go in and get a 1/2 pound double with cheese.  No substitutions.  Nada.  Get some napkins too.  You'll need them.  I'm pretty snobby about burgers. Holy crap is it good. It just is. I almost hate that it is so damn good.  BUT IT IS!  Could be that I didn't spend $13 dollars on it, BUT IT IS!
4 Went here tonight and we had the cod sandwich. I thought it was very good and one of the better fast food fish sandwiches. This location was very clean inside and the service was very friendly. Nice place!
5 Gotta love that value menu they got. $.99 Fries, $.99 frosty, a chicken Caesar wrap or two for $1.30(ish)/each. They do a good job of making sure the price is great, food is above average, the building is good, and customer service is good. I think they do a fabulous job at staying abreast of all these things simultaneously and think it doesn't get any better than that on the whole. Very cheap for above average fast food, which isn't very common.
3 I came here to get the new Preztel Bun Cheeseburger. It was decent, although I probably won't be back for another.
1 This place tops my chart as the worst customer service I have ever received in my entire life. Having just been released from the hospital and given the okay to eat whatever I wanted, I fast tracked it to the nearest fast food joint I could find to grab a quick meal.   I was initially greeted with, "What do you want?" I brushed this aside despite it being overly rude and attempted to order food for my family. I say "attempted" because, for the first time in my life, I didn't make it past the drive-thru speaker.   While ordering, the lady taking my order began speaking with another employee about prices. About 15 seconds of this went on before she returned to speaking with me.   Having just waited for her to have a conversation that could've waited the 15 seconds it would have taken me to place my order, she begins speaking to me in a rushed manner. "Do you want your combo 'this style, this style, or this style'? Size? What to drink?" Not only was this the icing on the cake for me, but I looked at my fiance to make sure that I wasn't in the wrong. Her look was also that of disbelief. I calmly told the lady that she was being "f***ing rude" and left for what turned out to be a Burger King down the road. Despite the BK's slower than usual service, it was 10x better than what I received at this place.   All-in-all: This place marks the first time that I was unable to make it past the ordering phase at any fast food location. Considering the bad service I have received elsewhere, this place makes its way to the top of the list for worst overall. I will never return to this place.
3 This location is located in the classy around the area of the Camelback Colonnade area. With many fast food options and restaurants in the area this Wendy's location has seemed to do very well. The interior is updated and the location is always clean. The service is fast, friendly and a great bang for the buck. I think Wendy's has probably one of the best breakfast as far as options and quality food. The only issue I have with this location is my orders are not always up to par. My food thru the drive thru only has been served cold or prepared wrong. Meaning if I ask for no sauce they will still add the sauce. It happens all the time. Other then that everything else is all good.
3 Chances are if you're eating here you're not looking for 5 star cuisine. You're hungry, lazy, and just want to get your food quickly and get out. If that's you, this place is what you're looking for.
1 I work right next to this Wendy's, which is why I continue to go back even after they mess my order up time and again.   I am a very patient man, but oh my god.    The level of ineptitude in this place is extraordinary.   I think they may actually train the employees to be horrible at their jobs.   If I were the owner of this franchise I would be furious with the way it's run.      The last 5 times I've been there they messed up my order.    They're batting 100 percent.    Haha!  For some reason I just can't resist the chipotle chicken sandwich no matter how they manage to mess it up.       Awesome sandwich, horrible employees.    I only have one word for the management there.    Training!
3 Look no further    Looking for a healthy salad at a fast food establishment can be challenging  to say the least.  After all most fast food restaurants aren't know for their great tasting salads.  With that in mind I decided to give Wendy's a try.  I gave the menu a quick look over and decided to order the Apple Pecan Chicken Salad.    After the first bite I was convinced  Wendy's is pulling away from the fast food salad pack by offering flavorful salad options.  The Apple Pecan Chicken Salad is a mix of greens (Iceberg, Romaine, and Spring) with blue cheese crumbles, dried cranberries, candied pecans, apple chunks, and grilled chicken pieces with a raspberry vinaigrette. I enjoyed the taste of the sweet apples, sugared pecans, cranberries and chicken. I am not a fan blue cheese crumbles  so I asked to keep that off. All the mixtures of taste and flavor came  together and allowed for a surprisingly  light and very tasteful salad.    I have returned back for the  Apple Pecan Chicken Salad--fresh, plenty of flavor, and just six bucks.  How can you beat that. I'll keep coming back.
4 I can only rate the drive-thru here, as I have never been inside. I'm always skeptical about the long line that tends to form at the drive-thru, no matter what time of day I go. But the line always moves quickly. The staff here is on top of their game for sure.   The junior cheeseburger is one of my favorite things on earth. Less than 300 calories and just enough to keep me going, without slowing me down.
