5 There's a certain gleam that my dad gets in his eye when he talks about Farm & Fleet.  It's a pretty special place for men.  Especially dads.  Where else can you get your tires fixed while browsing the big and tall overalls, pig vaccines, Weber grills, ear tags for livestock, canoes, light bulbs, chain, odd sweatshirts of 2 ducks kissing for the ladies, and tiki torches to spruce up the yard?  They also have a huge selection of toys for kids at Christmastime.  That was always my favorite part.  One time when I was like 8, I was looking at the toys, and I thought I was walking alongside my dad, and when I looked up, it was totally someone else.  I thought my parents left without me, and I was freaked out.  I found them of course, but it shows how completely mesmerizing Farm & Fleet can be.
1 This store is under heavy construction.  That being said, I walked in and thought I was in a bomb shelter that just took a bunker buster.  To be fair I didn't spend much time in there, but that's because I was scared that zombies would come lurching around the corner at any moment.    Perhaps I'll go back sometime when the construction is over, and I'm feeling super adventurous, I just hope I don't step on any forgotten land mines.
5 love this store.   the "fashions" aren't exactly up to par, but who cares about fashion when you're sweating out in the field? this place is all about function.  great prices on most everything, and our favorite part about it is the massive old-fashioned candy section towards the front. cow tales and root beer barrels and gummy fruit slices galore!
4 Great for all your household needs.
1 Had a car appointment at 3pm.. Car still not in the shop at 4.. Another lady here dropped off keys at 6am before work and they forgot about her car! All I needed was to switch my batteries! Unreal.. This lady has a trip she is suppose to be taking tonight. Not sure that is going to happen.. Frustrating!
3 The remodel of the Stoughton Rd. location is pretty nice, except the location of the entrance....
4 There are a couple of reasons I sort of adore BF&F:  1. When I wanted to compare paint swatches in my home, they let me take a fan deck and didn't care to take a deposit. Just my phone number. I feel terrible that I just returned that fan deck, 3 months after borrowing it, but I imagine they have many, and seeing as they didn't call me, I'm guessing they didn't miss it. Worth knowing: BF&F is one of the few places you can get Benjamin Moore now that Ace has gone the way of Valspar.   2. These guys have everything. It's sort of scary actually. Need a hose? They have them. How about a mixing bowl? Yup. Belts, socks, pipe, rope, ladders, goat troughs... outside of maybe organic vegetables, I can't think of something they don't stock. AND they probably have organic seeds this time of year so you can GROW your own vegetables. So I'm taking that back.   3. The fine folks up front are friendly. The rare occasion I need to return something it's no bother, quick and painless. And checkers are so efficient I never find myself waiting in line.   Some things I wish were a bit better:  1. Organization. It takes me forever to find something. This could be because I am not quick to ask, but I feel like with some more signage and maybe a bit more order, these guys could clear up a lot of shopping confusion.   2. It always smells of rubber/automotive. I'm not certain if this is because the tire area is practically inside and the garage just next door, but it's a foul order, and one that I can't stand for too long.   All in all though, the place is really a one stop shop for several home/agricultural needs. Just plan to spend a bit longer navigating the place and maybe bring a nose plug.
