5 This place was great. I don't have much experience with moving companies, but they were very accommodating, and the movers helped out a lot. I had them pack and move me (I know, so lazy). I live in a one bedroom apartment, and the whole thing probably took 3 hours, which has got to be a record. It was ~$650, which is very reasonable considering they were packing and moving, and that's excluding tip.   I guess the only thing I didn't like was that they left a bunch of stuff in my old fridge, but I'm assuming that's because they're not allowed to move open containers or something. So I can't hold it against them.
5 Get Your Move On really gets your move on!! On-time, on-price, on-service. They delivered and surpassed all of their promises. Get YOUR move on with this company. It is the finest out there.
5 These guys were fantastic - they explained the pricing well - gave me the appropriate discount as I actually found them on Angies list.  I was using them to fill a POD and then unload it once the POD came out of storage again.  The guys - Gilbert and Ben were amazing - filled the POD really carefully - Gilbert treated it like a puzzle.  They brought all the supplies we needed since we were using them to unload the POD as well they would get what was theirs back.  When it came to unloading the POD, they sent the same guys, which was amazing as they remembered us and our stuff and knew how everything went back together again.  We were also moving into a condo complex and GYMO does all the moves for the developer so knew exactly the set up here, which also saved us time.  Our only problem was with PODs who did not deliver the POD when they should of, but GYMO, worked around this and did there best to save us as much money as they could.  If we ever move again (which I doubt) I was use them again, but in the meantime I would recommend them to everyone.  They are not the cheapest, but remember folks you get what you pay for !
5 This is now the second time I have used 'Get Your Move On' and both times have been incredibly great.  So great, in fact, that it was very disappointing to read the negative review below when both of my experiences have been fantastic.  If you are considering this company, I hope that you look at the extremely positive reviews left by myself and others who have experienced their service personally.  I have now used them to move out of house and into a condominium complex, as well as most recently, trusting them to get my belongings from Phoenix, AZ to San Francisco, CA.  If you have moved before, you know that the difference between a cross-town move and a multi-state move is not one to be taken lightly and demand different levels of planning and coordination.  On both occasions, they handled each incredibly well.  They were always punctual, well staffed, prepared, friendly and careful with my belongings.  They worked well with the property management company and respected not only my personal belongings, but also the properties I was moving in and out of.   The staff has been great and I have known Derek, one of the owners, for over a year now through the Tempe Chamber of Commerce and know on a first-hand basis how much he cares about his clients.   I would highly recommend them for any of your moving needs.  Thanks Guys!
5 Another fast, efficient move by GYMO.  The guys arrived on time ready to get my move on.  When conducting business I consider "on-time" to be at least 10 minutes early, and that's exactly what these guys did.   They carefully packed a few thousand pounds of heavy furniture, and the rest of my 2 story house as if it was their own.  The move was completed quickly and to my satisfaction.  This company is all about one thing; CUSTOMER SERVICE.
4 I used them because of a groupon I purchased.  I thought they were a bit expensive esp since I was moving less than five miles.  Not sure if they charged more because of the groupon?  Other than that they were great.  Arrived right on time were very fast and efficient, unlike others I have hired.  They actually worked together to be quick.  The guys were very nice.  If price is not an issue I would highly recommend them.  Everything was in tact at my final destination.
5 The one star review below is BOGUS; notice the guy leaving the "review" didn't even use their services so he wouldn't have the privilege of knowing how incredible they are. Get Your Move On is the best moving company around!! They have not only moved us twice, they have gone above and beyond the call of duty both times. Donovan and Muke ROCK!! They are prompt, helpful, professional, courteous, and all around FANTASTIC.   LOVE them and we will never use another moving company again.
5 Here are my criteria for this rating: 1. Honesty (5/5)      a) with valuable items      b) with labor charging 2. Punctuality (5/5) 3. Management (administrative aspect of the move) (5/5)  1. Honesty a) with valuable items We had several items--cash and expensive jewelry, which we hadn't quite accounted for, that were found by the movers. They were brought to our attention immediately.  We would have never known if it was taken--they knew that (the way it was found--it was quite obvious no on had see it in years), but these guys took the higher road in returning it to us which is great.  b) labor charging Since they were paid by the hour, working slowly could have meant more pay.  However, these guys gave their best effort to get the work done as quickly as possible.  We also gave away of a few large furniture items which they decided to take, but they refused to handle it until they were off my clock!   2. Punctuality I was given a 2 hour time window, and the guys made it within the first 30 minutes of the window.  Your experience may vary, since it depends on their travel time, and time to complete their previous job.  In any case, the movers gave us a 20 minute warning call before they arrived.  3. Management Roger (manager/owner) accommodated my move at the very last minute after my previous moving arrangement reneged on our agreement.  He was able to get me a booking with less than 24 hrs notice! In addition, he called me after the move to ensure the service met my expectations.  I have dealt with many moving companies, and this was by far the best experience I have had.
5 The guys at GYMO were amazing!  They showed up on time to my place, downloaded my truck, put my furniture together, and organized the boxes by room in the amount of time they quoted me. I was extremely impressed by the professionalism of the crew and the ease of doing business with the company. When it is time for my next move I will definitely give them a call and recommend to every one I know in need of a REAL moving company.
5 I needed a few items I had purchased from a g/f moved within one week.  All the movers I phoned were booked, including Get Your Move On.  Then Roger told me he would do it TOMORROW for me.  I said "Tomorrow? As in Sunday?"  He said yup.  If that wasn't enough, he told me the exact time he would be at my g/f's house and then at my house (no waiting for them to show up during a 4 hour window).  Wow!  Everything showed up in great condition and they were in and out of my house in no item with everything placed exactly where I asked.  Amazing customer service.  I would definitely use them again.
5 You will not find better movers. Jose, René, and one other guy moved me in 119 degree heat. Throughout, they were polite, helpful, and hard-working. They did not complain once and even asked twice whether we were sure everything was in the right room before they left. They moved a piano up a flight of stairs. Did I mention it was 119 degrees? They are slightly more expensive than other movers but it is well worth it.
4 On time and packed everything carefully, but expensive. We were given one rate over the phone and a different one in person, and the travel fee is almost twice what others charge. I even had to go back for something they left behind (the remainder of the shrink wrap, that I paid for). They did a good job, but I don't know that I would be willing to spend as much as I did a second time.
5 I used them for a recent move - moving 1 2,400 sq ft house to another house and then putting a bunch of stuff on from the 2nd house and moving to a nearby storage facility.  1. The team was good - 1 team lead pro (Rene'), 1 old guy and 1 college kid.  The team lead managed the college kid and kept him on a tight leash.  The old guy rocked - I hope I'm in as good a shape when I'm 60ish. They did good work and on a 115 degree day only took a couple of short breaks. They were happy guys and very positive.  2. Upsell - the team lead upsold me on several things but did it so professionally that it wasn't annoying or pushy.  For example, the items being put in storage he wrapped with plastic wrap and moving blankets and he convinced me it was smart to keep them wrapped in storage to protect the furniture.       3. Breakage - despite their efforts a picture frame (4' x 2') glass was broken.  They had a guy come pick it up, take it away and get it fixed, and return it.  No paperwork.  No pain.    4. The company is small. I spoke with one of the owners (Roger?) when I scheduled and another (Derek) when I worked on my broken window issue.  I was extremely pleased with their attitude and friendliness.  Those that read my Yelp reviews will see that I like catching people and companies doing well - I only rate poorly when the people are jerks or the company performance is really bad.   I think the Get Your Move On team fits that category and I'd recommend them to others that are moving.
5 I have used GYMO twice and they really went out of there way to make things easy. I think I speak for just about everyone when I say moving is one of the most miserable ways to spend a weekend. It's stressful, time consuming, the constant fear of something being broken, having to call and inconvenience friends and family for help, and if you are like me your body is sore for a week afterwards. GYMO relived all those negative aspect that go along with moving as soon as I contacted them.  I am a guy who typically doesn't like hiring other people if it is something I can do on my own but after my experience with GYMO I won't consider renting a truck and doing it myself ever again. Once you see how efficient and safely they move your belongings it becomes apparent this is a job that should be left to professionals.   I highly recommended GYMO.
5 I was thinking of that Missy Elliot song back in 2001, but I digress...  There was no room to  add 2 extra stars because I was already nervous on the day of the move (11/23/2013), thinking: 'are they going to break my stuff?'    On top of the guys arriving 15 minutes early, full of energy and  oozing with effervescent attitude on the weekend before Thanksgiving of all days ,  Chris and Donovan reassured me that my stuff is in good hands.  Since I packed well, they were able to do their job and provided other suggestions on how best to pack the truck. I couldn't argue with these wonderful guys! I chilled and let them work.   I had an unforeseeable and very stressful incident involving moving into the new apartment on time, and GYMO kept my items in their truck without any additional storage fees. Roger was very accommodating most of all *highfive*.  After the new management resolved my issue Monday morning, the guys were there ON TIME ...AGAIN  and got my items in.    As I quickly unpacked, anything that could be broken....remained intact :).   They kept their promise.    PROs: Competitive hourly rate, Strong, careful and professional movers with beautiful dispositions, No extra charge for stairs, OCD punctuality (in a good way).   CON: Not doing business with GYMO sooner.  Every moving company should exemplify this standard of professionalism as GYMO has.
5 These guys know how to move.  Professional, efficient, and caters to exactly what you want them to do with your furniture.  Well worth the money.  I like how they used these blue blankets to wrap my furniture.  Flawless work.
5 They are on the expensive side, but oh so worth it. After our third move with these guys I figured I better write them up. We have had nothing but glowing praise for these guys who handled even my most challenging of items (a 30 yr old piano) with ease. The crew is great and the company is very good at what they do. And the customer service is top notch - a prompt answer when I call, timely response if I have to leave a message or send an email. And they show up on time, when promised, and get the job done efficiently and quickly. If we (heaven forbid) have to move a fourth time, you can bet we'll be calling Get Your Move On!
5 James and his crew did awesome today. Prompt, friendly, and hard working. They checked in with me several times to see how they were doing and made sure everything went in its proper place. The guys took care wrapping and transporting all furniture. Came to about $450 to move a 1500 sq ft house 3 miles, with most things packed in boxes. I would recommend this company to anyone.
5 Wow! Do these guys have a handle on the moving business! Chris and Parrish arrived promptly 25 minutes  before the promised move time. They were ready and raring to go. They moved my son from his third floor apartment without an extra stair charge!! They were quick, careful, friendly and efficient. When they arrived at our house where our son was being moved they asked where items would go and even had enough forethought to ask me if we would like the table in the garage since he was moving back in with my husband and I and there was already a kitchen table in place. They were super careful and on top of that.... it took them a total of 2 hours to move my son from Ahwatukee to Scottsdale! I will be using them the next week when  our daughter and son in law move.Every mover should have this kind of integrity! Thanks for the awesome job!
5 Booked with very short notice a small move (well what I thought was small - likely closer to medium). Roger called very quickly to schedule and we got the move done on Saturday. Chris and Clinton were incredibly professional, efficient and pleasant to talk to - would highly recommend!
5 We used these guys to move our daughter with very short notice on the 20th of January as well since they were so great on our first move using them. Once again had Chris and Parrish! Once again spectacular! On time, quick, friendly and efficient! Thanks for another  awesome job!
5 These guys moved the contents of two storage units and one bedroom into a garage and second floor apartment for my roommate and I back in November 2013.  This included many boxes, bags, a bedroom set, and piano.    The moving crew was punctual, personable, and courteous.  They didn't waste time.  We began the morning at a storage unit on Kyrene and Elliot.  Then emptied the unit at Ray between S 39th and S 40th.  Then emptied the bedroom and removed the piano from the house in Ahwatukee.  Got everything over to the apartment unit and deposited items either in the garage or second-floor apartment.  All in two hours and 15 minutes.  Truly excellent work.  All the furniture items were wrapped and secured.  These guys knew what they were doing.  And the company owner Roger coordinated all this with me between Wednesday-Thursday for a move that Sunday.  Very accommodating.  I highly recommend, and would do business again.
5 The guys were PERFECT! They just moved my boyfriend and I and they truly made the whole movong experience easy and enjoyable! They were exceptionally thorough, careful,  and polite! They took their time to wrap everything very carefully but did not doddle one bit! I will definitely use them every time I move!! Thank you so much!!!!
5 These people are spectacular. On time, under estimate, careful and do more than expected. Wwhile we had them pack the dishes, they packed some appliances as well. Moved the artwork perfectly and even emptied the wardrobes. Great job. I highly recommend them.
4 I contacted Derek after two friends both recommended using him after they were both moved by them.  Derek was quick to schedule an estimate with me, happily working around my crazy schedule.  They kept great communication with me prior to the move and the day of.  They were on time and ready to get the job done moving all my belongs to my new home.  Once there they carefully unpacked and placed my belongings where I asked.  The two guys that came out were polite and respectfully.  I would use them again and happily recommend them to friends!
5 We used Get Your Move On for a local move back in 2012. I was recently asked for a recommendation for movers and remembered how happy I was with their services and wanted to make sure that I put my review out there.  I contacted Get Your Move On a little late in the game. They were one of the only moving companies who had an opening in the week I wanted to move in May, and I ended up taking a day off work to move that day since we had few options left. The quote was consistent with what we ended up paying. The movers were tied up with a job prior to mine that took much longer than expected (which happens in this industry I learned), and I received a call from someone at the company ensuring me that the move would still be completed that day and that he needed to pull a different team together to complete my move.   The movers were professional and very hard working. They were friendly and clearly knew what they were doing. I was about six months pregnant at the time, so there wasn't much that I was able to do, and they helped with packing up the wardrobe boxes that I wasn't able to pack myself before they arrived. When we arrived at the new location, we were surprised to find that the AC was broken and it was HOT out. The movers didn't complain and did a great job getting everything inside and where I wanted it as quickly as possible. I made sure to provide them with water and a well deserved tip. I hope that I won't be moving any time soon, but when if and I do, I wouldn't hesitate to contact Get Your Move On again.
4 Needed movers for across-the-valley move for a four bedroom, full patio move.   Derek returned my query promptly and arranged for an estimator to arrive same day.  Sammy and Jose came within an hour and inventoried our possessions. They estimated it would take 8-10 hours but might not fit on one truck, so they arranged for a truck on standby.   Our movers: Robert, Donovan, Erick and Miles were on time and ready to rock. Robert concurred that it prob wouldn't fit on one truck but said there was no standby. Hmm.   They filled the truck with our carefully wrapped items within 3 hours but without another truck, would have to make a return trip. We agreed that I wouldn't be charged for the return driving time but the movers were getting that whiny 'I don't want to return' look so I bought them all lunch.   After unloading, Robert asked me three times if I wanted them to handle the second load. Yes, yes and yes. Again, a bit whiny but it was 104 degrees, so allowances were made for that.   After loading all the patio furnishings, the truck was 3/4 full so they loaded items I couldn't handle alone with my pickup. They unloaded everything with only 1 casualty: the chimnea. They packed it up well but it shattered anyway. Not really their fault.   The total for 10 hours, four movers, one trip charge, two stretch wrap rolls and one bed-box was $2137. Pricey but the time and quality they put into wrapping ALL our items was worth it.   They forgot to apply my Yelp 10% trip charge discount but I forgot too.   I recommend Get Your Move On.  Quick update: within 30 mins of my review, the owner called to cover each point of my review. Nice touch.
