5 Adam and Jason are true artist, and love their work. the prices are great and the place is clean. My girlfriend and her sister both got tattoo's from adam and Jason last night, and I will be going to one of them for my other work and to fix the shitty job that ink addictions did.
5 I'm following brandon on this one, its for Wade.  I've been getting my hair cut by wade since my original review, I like that I can tell wade what i'm wanting to do and i'm always happy with it. he is also a skilled conversationist (sp?) we always BS about our army days and stuff. my only complant is i can't have a free beer... at least for another 9 weeks.
4 To men who are still paying $15-$25 for styles at super cuts, or other "chain" style shops/salons, wake up. Women are standing behind you at the gas station, gym and post office wondering what happened to the area you can't see in the back of your head?   Got thinning hair? Growing it longer in the back only illuminates the thin areas; get it tapered up properly in the back and the balance looks fuller.  Go to a real barber and get a cut flattering to shape of your skull; think light bulb instead of super cut "helmet".  As mentioned in other reviews, finding a good barber can be a challenge without looking like a hair experiment afterward. Same as locating an expert tailor that makes you look good in clothes.  First visit here today, walked in and met Almon, friend of Adam the owner and "on-loan" here, until returning to Austin at end of month. Ironically, Almon has exact same haircut as mine--straight brown hair, slicked back. He had a clean looking haircut himself, with tight taper. Asked who here cut his? He does so mostly himself.  Hopped in the chair for an excellent cut with tight taper. Straight razor finish, hot towel and and dab of pomade on top to finish it off. Have to agree with Brandon as well, you're walking out ready to show.  Did I mention Miller High Life beer on tap at the shop? What are you waiting for...  Update--have made switch to V's Barbershop, Ocotillo location. See review.
5 This place is fantastic.  First of all, I was recommended to come here and get a haircut by J.D.B. and upon arrival was greeted by some really nice people.  Almon had me sit right down and poured me a "cold one" even before we got started.  That type of service is hard to find these days.  While getting my haircut, I was looking around the parlor and was noticing some really cool tattoos and artwork on the walls..  I didn't have a tattoo, but thought why not give it a rip.  I am a huge Red Sox fan and Josep, the tattoo artist, showed me some designs he thought would look great.  After about a minute or two of deciding on whether I should get it, I was strapped in and ready to go.  He gave me a really cool tat and it only took about a half hour.  I highly recommend this place for either a great cut and shave or a really cool tattoo.  Stop wasting your time and $$ by going to the chain haircut stores and treat yourself to "5 Star" service...
5 So, I walked in knowing I had a bad haircut. After getting a cup of high life, I settled into the chair. Johnny, noticed it too.  Luckily I'm not too sensitive about my hair, it got a couple of laughs out of the fellows. I think people are so used to "turn and burn" salons and shops.  For the low price of $15, you might expect the guy to cut your hair as fast as possible. Not Johnny, and not at this place.  They do it right.  They take the time. They cultivate the relationship.  Is it good for business? Of course it is, but I bet they also take immense satisfaction that they are giving THE best haircuts around town. You can read all the other reviews for the great details of the experience.  I walked out feeling good about my cut, and ready to go again.  They also make a great shop made pomade.  It'll tame your hair into submission, just watch out, pomade doesn't wash out!
5 I just wanted to say how great these guys are. My original review was based on a haircut about a month ago. Just a couple of days ago, I came back in to get another cut.  We've been working to get my hair into a kind of 1940's side part cut. Anyways, I come in and he takes a look at it. He tells me that if we give it another week of growth, the cut would look much better. He cleans up the edges,  puts some pomade and sends me out the door FREE of CHARGE. I cannot express how much I appreciate these folks.
5 Okay so, 2 Days ago I got 2 tattoos, from Rod. Great guy!! LOVE the tattoos! I whent in with a "idea" and he made it personal, added his own unique touches and ideas. I could notbe more happy. LOVE the enviorment, the people and the work!!
5 For a clean, well-measured, classy man's haircut that makes you feel fresh and cool --- get Jonny as your barber.  Sit in the chair with some warm shaving cream and a cold beer while people around you are getting inked.  Leave happy.  Your haircut is Jonny's art and science, and he'll groom you up perfectly at a totally reasonable price.  Here's someone who takes his work seriously and does it with pride.  You can tell Jonny cares that your neckline, sides and top will fit your head well; and you can trust him too.  This is his passion, and you want someone like that taking care of your hair.  The atmosphere here is great, extremely artistic and professional, but also incredibly down-to-earth.  Relax with a beer while you get your haircut and come back to get a free edge clean-up inbetween visits back.  Great service.
5 Johnny is the Man!!!!!!!!!!! There is no place in the world where you can get a great cut ,tattoo and an ice cold beer.I find myself stopping buy for a cut when I dont need one.
5 This place is amazing...Not just because of the style of the shop, but the people make it that way. Adam, and every other artist and barber there make each and every customer feel welcomed, and care about the work they do. They guarantee everything, and want you to love the work you get done, whether it's a haircut or a tattoo. I love the vibe and the atmosphere and will continue to go back there for all my artwork. These guys rock my socks! :) woot!
5 (this is for Jonny the Barber) 5 star clean up on my neck. I would give 6 stars if it was available because he offered to do it for just a tip.  where else can you find that???  And it was the first time I was ever offered a cold beer whilst getting a haircut - this place is a gem.  Thanks Jonny!
5 The staff is always down, the beer is always cold, and the haircuts can't be beat. Only place I know that includes a straight razor and hot shaving cream w/every haircut, and as long as you're clear as to what you want, you'll get it.  I only got a $13 tattoo on $13 dollar tattoo day, but my understanding is that the work done here is well done.  Their pomade is a bit expensive, but you absolutely get what you pay for.  Oh - one thing. You're gonna get hair in your beer. If you've never had hair in your mouth, then you have bigger problems than a little fuzz in your brew, if you know what I'm sayin'...
5 My sisters and I were visiting our dad for the weekend.  We decided we wanted to get ink done.  We were looking at different places on yelp and found this one.  I originally wanted to go in and get work from Adam because I was looking at his color work online and it was absolutely breathtaking.  Unfortunately, he was across seas and not in to do work.  We decided to go in anyway and chat with the artist who was in since my sister wanted a fairly simple black and grey design and the shop minimum was reasonable.  When we arrived Chango was in and she chatted with him and looked at his work.  My sister really wanted me to get something as well.  After looking at his work, I was confident in his ability so we decided to get matching ink.  He did a great job and was very friendly.  I love the work and it wasn't very painful (for either of us)....although that might vary person to person.  I would definitely go back to him, especially when our younger sister is 18 so she can get her work done.  They also do shaves and haircuts and give complimentary beer.  If I was a man, I would definitely take advantage of those services.
5 I've been getting my work done at Electric Haven for the past two years now. I started my work with an artist who is no longer at this shop, and when he left I decided to keep my business with Electric Haven, rather than follow him to his new shop. I have just been continuously impressed by all of the artists and barbers there. For the past year I have been getting my work done by Adam Dorsett, the owner of the shop. He is absolutely phenomenal. He not only does amazing work that goes above and beyond your expectations, he is just a genuine guy. Definitely the kind of guy you can trust. He's a great businessman, and conducts his business very well. Tattooing isn't a "job" to him, it's a career; a way of life. The shop is always clean, the staff always friendly, all of the artists do amazing work, and it's a professional atmoshphere with a laid back attitude. I highly recommend it to anyone in the market for some new ink, or just looking to get a clean cut & shave while sipping an ice cold beer. :)
5 Lookin for a clean hot towel straight razor shave, a cold beer and a sterile professional environment for a solid tattoo all in one visit? This is the place!!! Talented and friendly staff all around! Highly recommended even if you just wanna stop in and say hi!
5 I looked into many places before getting my first tattoo and a place to get my following ones. Let me tell you how amazing this gentleman are! I worked right around the corner from there as a manager for cold stone and they are always polite and kind men and respectful. They are all very clean and well groomed. I don't know about you if youd want some grease ball giving you a tattoo with dirty fingers? None of these guys are. They are more than happy to help out any one from their first tattoo to a person whos had them before. At electric haven they make you feel comfortable and relaxed. The owner Adam is an awesome dude, he did mine personally and made sure I was okay the whole time.  After going here I have referred all my friend and family to Electric Haven for Hair cuts and Tattoos. If the amazing tattoos and hair cuts dont get you in, then the free beer might if your 21+. High life on tap for free with cuts and tattoos. Don't let the harshness of how the boys look with the piercings and tattoos scare you, they are all the sweetest guys ive met. They make you smile and laugh your ass off while your there.
5 Why haven't you been here yet....no really ask yourself....why?  Hands down the best haircut Ive got in years.....and as I continue going it keeps getting better.....and better. Issac is good news, Kolby is good news.....masters of their craft in every way.  They should be charging double for the prestige and quality of their haircuts, and honestly I would probably pay it.  However Electric Haven is not just for haircuts....  Where they really shine is the quality of Tattooers.  Adam needs no introduction from his time spent at No Regrets however IMHO although an awesome artist is not my first pick.  KC Lange is my go to guy.....after having him put several pieces on me I am 150% stoked to reccomend him to all of my friends, and continue to do so daily.  His work is fresh, clean, awesome color, and a huge range of styles that hes comfortable in makes him an excellent choice for a first tattoo, or to add to a growing collection.  I wish I had four thumbs so I could give him Four Thumbs up......  Travis is another excellent tattooer.  I'm snagging my first piece by him this week, and am positive I wont be dissapointed (given his awesome demeanor, and killer portfolio)....  All around great dudes, great shop, and a positive atmosphere to boot.....get tattooed here, get your hair cut here......you won't regret it.
5 A real great place, friendly staff who make you feel at ease while getting your artwork done. I have been to other tattoo joints and usually feel out of place. Not here! The work was quick and turned out great. I can't wait to reccommend my friends to check out this joint. And the price was great. Can't say enough good things about the place. Thanks guys...next I might have to try the barber side and get a pint of High life!
5 I've gotten haircuts now from all three barbers, and they're all exceptional.  This is an awesome haircut by master barbers at the same price as those "discount" hack-joints.  Though I don't partake, they give you beer while  you wait.  There is no other place to go... seriously.  And try their pomade.
5 I'm moving to Scottsdale in a month...you know where I will be going for my haircuts?  Electric Haven.  This place is amazing, the guys inside are funny, friendly and full of stories.  They'll even give you beer too while you get your haircut.    It may seem really weird at first walking into this place...I'll admit I stepped out of my comfort zone the first time I came here but I am glad I did and you will be too.    The attention to detail your hair gets at this place is amazing and they get you ready for showtime.  Come in here before that hot date you have, before you go out for a night on the town, before a job interview or before accepting your Academy Award and you will be standing a foot taller knowing that you look your very best..  Oh yeah...try the shave too...it's a great price for a shave and the best I've had in town.
5 Though Electric Haven can seem intimidating at first, don't be fooled.  Everything about this place is super friendly and awesome. There's nothing like sipping on a cold beer, admiring tattoo art, and getting an affordable high-quality haircut. The staff is great, the environment is relaxing, and with their comfy couch + keg, waiting for a haircut has never been more enjoyable.   The haircut itself is one of the best men's cuts I've ever received. The barbers really know what they're doing, putting in time and care that most barbers can't match. After the haircut, stock up on a free comb, loyalty card, stickers, and brochure about the company's unique history.   Tip well and tell all your friends.
5 Best tattoo place I've been to! Not to sound hokey, but I was literally a bit shocked when they quoted the first piece I had done there. I had taken the idea to other places and the quotes ranged from $200 to even $300. I ended up paying $140 plus tip at Electric Haven and had a great time chatting with the different employees and regulars while having it done. I have one back several times and each time they have been quick, talented and reasonable. Manny is the best! He knew exactly what I wanted and added a lot of creativity to it.
5 I was looking for a barber but mostly ran into old guys who had thick accents and did their kind of barbering without really listening to what I wanted. My buddy told me to try Electric Haven so I went today. Erik offered me a beer while I waited and then when it was my turn, he listened to what I wanted and got down to work. I have long hair and wanted a slight trim. 1/4". And that's what I got. Just a quarter of an inch. If I would've gone to Great Clips they would've taken 2" and not listened. I also wanted my beard trimmed and he took it slowly. Very slowly. He made sure it was just enough without going too far at all. He said if I needed more off to stop back. I paid $20 total. I was impressed. ERIK is now my barber and I will be back soon. Did I mention the 8th cut is free?
5 Went there because I heard good things about it from a coworkers husband. Loved the vibe there. Didn't get the barbers name but he sat down and actually asked me what kind of haircut I wanted. He did exactly what I wanted. Great price ($15) for a haircut too. They also have their own line of pomades of which I purchased the High Life pomade.
4 Cool place.  The vibe is good.  Everybody is hanging out.  Not a chain barber shop.  Tat magazines, fun conversation.  Good group of people here.  I will be back.....  BTW, free beer while you wait.  That cant suck!
5 Just got a couple of tattoos by KC, he did a great job and was fun to work with!  Highly recommended!  Went here based off of previous Yelp reviews and talking with KC, very happy with my decision!
1 I went there a week ago and I got one of the most uneven haircuts in my life, the guy cutting my hair seemed like he was just grabbing hair and cutting randomly which showed in the result as my hair looked worse than it did when I left. I had to go to a different barber the next day to fix it up. I would not go back. It was one of the messiest and worst haircuts I have received.
1 Gotten my hair cut here 2 times. The first time was a year ago. I thought I'd give the place another shot, but unfortunately both of my experiences were pretty terrible.   The guy at the front seemed cool and somewhat friendly. Colby (the barber) was incredibly unfriendly and acted like he wanted nothing to do with me. I tried starting conversation multiple times and he would give me a 1 or 2 word answer and end it there. He spent 10 minutes max total on my hair AND beard. I could have cut my own hair better. And after all that, he charged me $25($15 Yelp voucher plus an additional $10!!   I can't speak for the other guys in the shop, but it is pretty awesome that you get a beer while you wait. The beer is the only redeeming quality about my experiences.  Personally, I like going to barber shops to get a nice, unrushed haircut and have some great laughs and good conversation. That's not what either of my experiences were like.
5 I never got a haircut from a barber until today. I ain't gonna lie, it was because I was cheap and did it at home for free beforehand. So anyways I looked up barber shops on Yelp looking for a place that was specifically a barber and not a "salon/barber shop" because lets face it, I am a guy.   I found this place and read a few reviews, then checked out the photos. I really liked the vintage looks this place had to offer. I had a fade once that I got from a friend, which was "ok" but wasn't professional quality. Oh yeah... They do tattoo's (which I didn't get though). AND FREE BEER!  So I walked into this place and they greeted me of course, and asked if I wanted a tattoo, haircut, or both. I told them a haircut then the very 1st thing they asked for after that was if I wanted a beer. I sat down in the chair and the barber was discussing the options I could and can do with my hair. I told him the type of fade I did want and he pretty much perfected it.  It looks pretty solid and it was reasonably priced at $15. It also included a trim on my ugly beard and my hairy neck got shaved too. Old School straight edge razor baby.   So if you really like that old school fade look, or even a good ol' pompadour for a good price, you really gotta check this place out.
3 The first 3 times were great. This last time was not good. Asked for a simple fade with a little trim off the top, but that's not what happened. The "fade" was even all over, and whoever the guy with the 3 nose rings is, he seemed pretty snooty unlike his usual demeanor. Maybe should have explained what I wanted in more detail. The haircut took less than 10 minutes, yet he took his sweet time on the customer prior. Not to mention, this was after waiting a long ass time and watching them all take a smoke break WHILE there were still customers inside, including me. Most professionals would wait for all the customers to leave before taking breaks. I'll probably give this place one more chance.
5 Not really sure why the more recent reviews are terrible, but this place still rocks. Go on Monday night to have ERIK do your cut. He's totally friendly, great conversationist, and cuts what you want and nothing more. I've gone probably a dozen times. A few haircuts and lots of beard trims. It's cheap & quick.
5 #1 for sure. Get my tattoos done by Kyle Grand and they always come out incredible, just got a last minute hair cut from Colby and I could not be happier with it. Awesome environment and laid back people, I always have a 10/10 experience when I go there. If you are looking for a tattoo and/or hair cut I wouldn't recommend anywhere else but Electric Haven!
3 if you are looking for an old school/ classic style, this is the place to go. but if not, look for another place love the complimentary beer!
5 I thought I'd update my review since there are some recent negatives.  I'll just keep it simple: If you want a good haircut, with an old skool vibe (a la kustom culture, rockabilly, or nostalgia) - this is your place. If you want a basic haircut from experienced barbers with no frills - this is your place. If you want a beer while you wait - this is your place.  If you want a mediocre "factory" hair cut, done by a talkative, petite lady that won't shut up about her kids, and keeps laughing and gossiping with the 15 other hens in the shop - This is NOT your place.   The barbers aren't the most talkative?  Big deal.  They cut your hair and do a damn fine job.  The more often you go in, the better the hair cut gets.  You have to wait sometimes?  I see that as a good thing, even if it can be frustrating.  It means a quality local business is doing good, and they're likely to be around the next time you need your ears lowered.  And for the community that admires a nice pompadour, that's a must.  It's like this:  Great haircut.  Fair price.  Cool atmosphere.  Leave the latte at home.  Put your cell phone away.  Relax.  'Nuff said.
5 Great haircuts (w/ neck shave), Miller High Life on tap, and cheap. What more could you want?
5 Since my brother did a review back in 2009 and its nearly 4 years later I thought id do a review.   In november of 2011 Adam did a great tattoo for my of a US flag and a 101st airborn patch on my right arm (similar to how it would have been on my uniform) I couldnt be happier with the outcome and I get compliments on it all the time. Though I know it may not have been adams style its mine and he did great adding little things and making my vision better then I could have imagined. The price was about what I expected and left him a nice tip.
5 Living in the Valley for years i always went to multiply places for haircuts and always was unsatisfied i found this little gem hidden away in Tempe,tucked away in a small shopping center.First impression was not to bad i was greeted with a hello and offered a free beer for my wait.So I'm sitting there waiting and waiting andddd waiting.Im getting irritated at the wait time and then just when I'm about to leave the young barber calls me next and ask how i want my hair.We go thur the routine of me telling him how i want it and I'm not holding my breath cause first time haircuts usually aren't that good.Hair starts falling,clippers buzzing,scissors cutting,and then a hot shave to finish it all off.He ask if i want pomade and i say sure he rubs it thur my hair and starts combing it into a pompadour.He says ok and spins me around towards the mirror and im in awe cause he did an awesome job.i am now a loyal customer who drives from Apache Junction just to get my haircut.So if you need a pomp,gentlemens,or even a tattoo this is the place for you.
5 Haircut changes everything. No, seriously. The whole Samson  theory is hella true, but in the opposite way with me. I just can't face life bravely unless I'm properly trimmed. I recently started my first full time gig in 9 years and the first thing I did after getting news of the hire was go to Electric Haven. I knew upon beer offering that I had hit the right place, and began bragging about how awesome this barber shop is on facebook. Then came the fucking haircut. OMFG. I'm pretty sure the barber that's super rad is named Timmy.? He's this skinny Irish dude with a lot of tattoos. That dude is a fucking haircutting ninja. Again, involved in this process is beer. Kilt Lifter. They aren't fucking around. I have a beard. I'm a bear. It brings the man bitches. This dude makes my beard look bear social media megastar hot. This beard also finally scores me boys that are bear social media megastar hot.  I think I've made my point clear. Best grooming experience ever.
4 So your looking for a haircut... errrr tattoo?  Well my friend this is the place! Step up to the chair! While your at it why not have a brew?  Great haircut, cleaned up with the straight razor, hot towel and away you go.  (by the way I don't consider it a barber shop unless they use a blade, the others are just salons)  I would give it a 5 but I cant vouch for the tats.  One day that may happen.
5 I took my squirmy 3 1/2 year old son here for his school pictures cut (no pressure, right?!). I'm sure it's not typical for them to do children's hair, but the barber was great. He got a really great cut!  Can't wait to send hubby there soon for the full beer, cut, and a shave. Great place!
5 AHH! I just got a super short summer cut last night!  Once again awesomeness from Timmy! A lot of barbers don't grasp the shaved head, giant beard thing, but guess who has a shaved head and a giant beard? I do!  I posted the obligatory post-haircut selfie to Facebook, and BAM. 21 likes!  In our society of digital narcissism, attractiveness is measured by Facebook likes, right? Cuz omg, I'm hot like young Elvis, if that's the case.
4 This is seriously such an awesome place.  I didn't know what to expect, really, when I first popped in, but I left with a great haircut and a light buzz from the free beer they give you while you're getting snipped.  I was thinking, "Man, this is.... this is like the manliest place the get your haircut:  Tattoos, haircuts and beer and the option of getting a hot shave."  The only thing missing was I didn't see an issue of Playboy anywhere, but there were some tattoo artwork cartoon boobs on the wall, so that's cool, I guess.
5 Great classic cuts. $15+ tip or $12+ tip with at Get Local card. KiltLifter while you wait for free..
4 Great place to relax and get a haircut
5 New to the tempe area and needed a new barber, oddly enough found these guys on IG and decided to stop by since they are right down the street from where I live. Usually I'm very careful about who I let cut my hair, been going to the same person for years now but considering they are 400+ miles away, that's not gonna work when I need a cut every 2 weeks. Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon, they were pretty busy but these guys are fast, don't like to wait? Try supercuts, you're not gonna get a quality cut there as you would here.  awesome environment, and did I mention Free beer while you wait?! Check out their artwork while you have a cold one. Timmy, hands down is a pro, knows his cuts, very detailed and on point, definitely found my new barber.
5 Cody the barber is legit! Who doesn't love a barber shop that has a keg and music, but also has talented barbers who care about what they do? I think all the dudes working here are probably a safe bet but I will continue going back to see Cody. Best $15 cut in town by a long shot! Definitely worth checking out.  Update: Cody is no longer w/the shop and they also no longer do tattoos. Their staff of barbers has grown, but I've not seen any loss in quality. Always impressed and happy to be a customer. Haircut is now $17 and still worth every penny. Call ahead for an appointment - this is a new option that I've not yet executed, but am happy to see it offered. Tim, Brandon & Eddie are my favorites (Tim is everyone's fav and usually has the longest line). All will take great care of you. STILL a loving and loyal customer.
5 Super cool place! I like beers while I get  hot shave! I need less hair in Arizona, so I go to manly barber! Two thumbs up!
3 3 stars since I didn't actually get a haircut here.  My review is based on the customer service NOT provided during the 40-min wait for a haircut here.  Stopped by on a random Wednesday afternoon-- how busy could it be? 2 people waiting in front of me, 2 barbers. Not bad, right?  First, of all, I was never greeted. The guys who worked here would look, but then go back to buzzing hair. Guess I don't exactly fit the customer base description (no tattoos no piercing) but still, can you make me feel like a customer?  Where it really got me was that one of the barbers decided to take a cigarette break after his customer #1. Cool and I have no problem with that. Then he came back in with some "regular" customer who proceeded to get a haircut immediately before me.  WTF?  I sort of watched it happen in disbelief before deciding to peace out. If this place is not your scene, I'd recommend saving yourself the time and trouble and going elsewhere.
5 Great Hair Cut!!!
4 These dudes seriously know how to cut hair. They make their own pomade too (Highlife Pomade), which is a great pomade if you are looking for non-water soluble. Definitely not the most customer service based group of guys, but whatever, I don't need my hand held while getting a haircut. Now, the beer, that was a nice added bonus. Great old school fades and pomps at a great price.
5 Austin is the man, he really knows what he is doing and has a great attitude.  Knew exactly what I wanted and has given me the best cut I literally have ever had.  No joke or gimmicks. If you're looking for a great classic barber for a great experience and price come here!  Will be visiting Austin again!
5 Great shop!  I have had my hair cut by Timmy, Brendyn and Austin. I can't say that I have had a bad experience. These guys know what they are doing, they listen, and they care about their customer service.   As long as these guys are there I refuse to go to any other barbershop.
5 Havent had a haircut in years but this place is awesome. Free beer good music... Just cant beat it especially for the price thanks guys. Love it!
5 Timmy is so skilled! I always know I will leave his chair looking my best.
5 Best barbershop in Arizona and California combined. I have been to countless shops all over. I have left disappointed at most of them.  I have loved both of my haircuts there. Brendon does a great job! I drive for over an hour to get to the shop. I won't have my haircut anywhere else now. Best deal in town as well. Check in on yelp and get the coupon, then you've got some more leftover for a good tip!  Purchased their well priced grooming products as well. They last forever and the price can't be beat. Their mustache wax is excellent.  Kudos to Brendon- you can take a cigarette break on my watch anytime.
5 Love this place. great haircuts, and with the Yelp deal... you cant beat the price.
5 Being a transplant to AZ, it took sometime of searching and bad hair cuts before I found this place. It is now my go to barber shop.  Electric Haven is in a new location, in the same strip mall, but now in the North West corner by Discount Tire.   The new shop does not currently have any tattoo stations, but I've heard it's something they're working towards, if the zoning codes permit.  The Barber shop is always clean and there are at least 3 barbers there, whenever I've been in.   I've read some reviews griping about a long wait...it's true, sometimes you will wait for some time, but think about what that means.  There are 15 other guys waiting to get their hair cut, because they know and trust the barbers at E/H to do an amazing job. These barbers are very talented, have a reputation of excellence and hey, it's first come, first served.   I know from experience, that some styles and cuts, you can't get at salons, old school barbers, and definitely not at one of those super, fantastic or great hacks.  If you want a razor fade, a hard part, Pompadour, side part, flat top, a flawless fade, slick back, etc. etc. these guys not only will know what you're talking about, but will consult with you on your preferences and leave you walking out with one of the sharpest cuts you've ever had.  In my opinion, that alone is worth any wait. But hey, while you wait, they offer you a cold cup of beer from their very own keg of High Life.  The music is always playing and on my latest visit was happy to hear a whole block of Murder City Devils.  These guys have good taste, are friendly and very talented. It's a screaming deal that these cuts are only 15$.  They also offer beard trims and hot towel shaves for an additional charge.   I've had my hair cut multiple times by Eric and Brendyn and whether it's a new style or a consistent cut I have always been very happy with the outcome. I highly recommend them because they've cut my hair, but all these barbers know their stuff and I've never seen anyone walk out of E/H not grinning and looking sharp.   While you're there pick up a can of High Life pomade, perfect for dressing any hair do. It smells like pina coloda, has a firm hold and a soft shine.
5 Been looking for a solid barber shop to get my beard trimmed at and I am convinced I have found the place. Everything about this place is great. They really do a solid job of creating a good environment. On top of that they are professionals at what they do. Some of the best cuts I've are. Will be coming back here quite frequently!
4 aight
5 Probably the best haircut I have had in 25 years. In the past few years I have been cutting my hair shorter and shorter- and the cuts at the salon were getting worse and worse. So I asked my oldest son, who is particular about his cuts, where he went. As my hair style is now a clipper cut it made sense to ask him. He said Electric Haven - barber shop  - made sense for me to give it a try - four brothers - three sons - daughter of retired navy - I have been in a few barber shops in my day. . Fear not :) Great place - great cut - great music. Would highly recommend .
5 Electric Haven Barber is in the SW plaza of McClintock & Southern. Next to Discount Tire.  This establishment is 'walk-in' only and when you walk in, you must sign in towards the back, in order to hold your spot.  This past weekend was my first time here and let me tell ya, this place was totally worth the wait! Waiting also gave me a chance to look at other styles that people were wearing. And the other comments that mention people coming in and "cutting" in front of them and the fact that no one said hello to them when they came in just isn't the case...   The wait can be up to an hour and clients will sign in and leave and then come back. There is a coffee shop next door and food across the street. As for no one saying hi, they try their best. They are trying to talk to their clients and cut hair at the same time. They're not intentionally ignoring you.  I showed my barber Brandyn a picture that I found of a side part. He gave me some tips on how to make it look like my style and BOOM! He nailed it! I will be coming back.  These guys make me wish I had cooler style. You can't help but notice these gentleman's beards and tats along with their awesome haircuts.  Go. You will not be sorry. Just keep in mind that it is walk-in only and that there will most definitely be a wait.
5 Great vibe, good music, decent folk, superb haircuts. Love the hot shave on the neck.
5 Coming from California and looking for an old-school barber shop I searched all over Phoenix before finding EH. It's a classic barbershop atmosphere with the added bonus of a kegerator. I've only had my hair cut done by Brendyn, but he does a phenomenal job, always taking his time to make sure everything looks sharp and clean. It's a really chill atmosphere and you can't beat the prices or quality of service!
5 I'm pretty picky when it comes to haircuts. Brendyn gave me an awesome cut today with minimal (read: No) instruction. For 17 bucks, this is a great deal.
5 I've been to a few barbers and I've never been satisfied; I've tried a few chain haircut places and a few barbershops in Arizona, California and wherever I've lived. This place has impressed me; it's the best barbershop I've ever been too. These guys know what they are doing. There really shouldn't be a science for the guy getting the haircut. I know what I want, I explain and the barber says, yes, no or that's a bad decision.  Just for fun, I've given them a bad decision and even though the guy raised an eyebrow, he cut is as ugly as I wanted. But who wants a bad haircut except some demented student who doesn't give a breeze about what other people think.  I've been given a cut by multiple guys here and they have, except for that one time, given me an impressive cut. The edges are crisp, the shape maintainable, the experience all man. I understand some people like shooting the breeze with the barber but I'm not that guy. I usually, I hope politely, answer a few life questions succinctly and the guys here get the point. They let me sit in my decompressing silence, that silence is totally worth tipping for.  Enough said. The guys give an awesome cut, understand a hard part.  Leave me in my silence when I need it and the price isn't too much. $17? Hell smack, totally worth every dime, penny and more.  I've gotten a: -conservative hard side part (short) -yuppie side part with 5 inch bangs -a bad -short slick back
4 *Location has moved to the other side of the parking lot.  So I'm a little sad that after Adam sold the business it's no longer a tattoo shop.  My boyfriend loves the hair product from this place. The voo doo brew pomade gives his hair the flawless style he likes, and I love the way it smells.   There is a wait list for a cut (like a week) but again, great prices and the stylist are awesome.
1 Definitely expecting a better quality cut but then again I went with the chubby dude in the back who blamed the light on the cut. The other two guys cutting hair did a good job from what I saw.
1 I used to go here for every hair cut but then one day after a particularly long wait, the berbers friend comes in and ask me if he can take him 1st. So, I get up and leave never to return.
1 Was not impressed. Management seemed to lack an understanding of basic customer service. I paid $12 for a yelp deal. The deal expired but the certificate retained it's $12 value. Now, I had offered to pay the difference since their prices had changed. Their haircuts are now $17,which isn't anything crazy priced, but doing the math the total would be $5.  I have no qualms with paying the full price for a service. My issue is that prior to getting the cut, I showed the person my certificate and she said she would honor it. That wasn't the case and when it was said and done, she said that "well.. Then I'd have to pay that $12 if I let you use this".  My issue isn't paying for the haircut, my issue is that $12 shouldn't be a cost for losing a customer.  Now onto the haircut. I'm used to having barbers who would engage in conversation with me while cutting my hair. My particular barber did not, so I figured he was just really focused on the little details. After reviewing the haircut (wanted a slick back look but left with an undercut) I had a lot of strands and the line up looked rushed even though the barber did take his time. I would've been better off cutting my own hair and saving my time and money rather than deal with this.
