2 At one point in my life, I really liked Detour. Perhaps because the staff were so great - the owner would always greet us on Wednesday nights, and participate in karaoke with a pretty solid rendition of "Walking in Memphis." It could have been that, for awhile, there was a certain charm in Wii-bowling with complete strangers, or watching people make asses of themselves trying to sing difficult or otherwise obscure songs for the possibility of a free shot. Or maybe it was the simple act of kindness done unto us by our usual waitress, who brought us extra plates to use as prop-hats for our drunken, impromptu vaudeville routine.   But at some point, Detour really started to suck. I don't blame the staff so much as the sudden influx of total d-bags that began pouring through the too-heavy door on weekday nights. It went from a laidback spot, to a point of contention for karaoke "favorites." One night, my friends waited hours for their turn at the mic, only to watch the same rotation of guys sing (311) song after (Eminem) song at the emcee's behest. Plenty of mic-stealing went down, as well as aforementioned random d-bags thinking they could simply join in any song at will. Two of my pals were chastised for engaging in a playful wrestling match after the place had cleared out, but weeks later, a female friend and I were continuously jostled by a group of roughhousing drunk a-holes who chose an unusually crowded night to start shoving each other around.   Detour supposedly has other offerings - I have not experienced them, but I wouldn't discourage anyone else from trying it out. Just don't go for karaoke unless you're prepared to sign your soul to the hostess for a pop at the mic.
4 For a divey bar, this place is actually pretty cool. I paid for a round of drinks for 4 or 5 people and my tab was under $20. You cannot go wrong with that. They also have a pretty good sized menu and the food looks pretty decent. The bar tender was nice and attentive.   They do an open mic ton Tuesday nights, so me and the boys in the band headed down a few weeks ago to play. We had a pretty fun time and are going to do a few more.
5 This place and the people there are AWESOME!  My daughter was playing there for an open mic session on a Tuesday night... so we thought what the hell,why not!  The food was great.The service was great.And the management went out of their way to make us feel welcome.  Yes~this is a divey bar...but it is a kick ass divey bar!  (oh,and I paid for drinks all night for 10 and my bill was only 100 bucks!) AND~we drink a lot....
2 The only reason I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 was because the server lady was really nice and apologetic... for what?  oooh for spilling a big glass of coke call over me... yeah it was awesome.  Suuure it could happen to anybody but I eat out at least once a day like every single day for years now and it's never happened... ever.  But anyways...  So dive bar == YES, by far.  It felt very, Wisconsiny or old town midwest.  I was by far the youngest person in there at midday by like 15 years at least and got some strange looks?  Never seen a streetbike before?    Anyways stopped there with a buddy because I randomly saw that they had a Friday FISH FRY, which I'm waaay down for and haven't seen one really since moving to Az.  Stopped in to try it.... wasn't all-you-can eat for one.... two it was pretty bad fish... like not good at all... breading was more like a pebbled sorta thing instead of like battered or whatever? (so not a cook btw)  It wasn't good.  And last but certainly not least, three was the price was like 18 BUCKS!!  whaat?  come on!  Needless to say I haven't been back and I highly doubt I will be.   But thanks nice lady for getting sticky coke on me that was cold as f*ck on the ride home... :/
3 Detour is not a bad place if you are in the neighborhood. It's in a industrial part of Chandler so you get a lot of after work locals there. The few times that I have been there everyone has been really cool. The wait staff was very good and friendly. I was very surprised as most places with this kind of "divey" feel to it have horrible waiters and bartenders. But not Detour. I've only eaten there once. Had me the nachos with all the fixin's and it was the BOMB.   Patio out front for drinkin and smoking. Single long bar inside. TV''s and karaoke on certain nights (great singers too!)  This place is worth a stop.
1 The Detour bar and grill is closed, out of business.
2 Scale of 1-10 (single visit): n/a Food 6 Service 6 Atmosphere 5 Value
