5 This place is close to my parents house in Cave Creek and whenever I'd drive by the joint looked deserted; like and Iraqi restaurant or something... Big misnomer. I went a few weeks ago and all I can say is WOW. Fresh, tasty and reasonably priced. EVERYTHING tasted fresh and was cooked to order. The margarita pizza combined with spicy Italian sausage comes off a bit salty, but hey, that's how I roll. I highly recommend them! (yes I edited this review. I didn't like my first one)
5 This is a great place.  Our kids love the Italian sodas and the prices are very reasonable with good-sized portions.  Service is great as well.  Their pasta dish with vodka sauce is wonderful.
4 I love Babbo! This is our favorite neighborhood restaurant. It is located at the end of the Fry's shopping center. My husband and I love the free bread! I love the Garlic Shrimp Pasta and my husband is always trying new things he loves the pastas, pizzas, and hot sandwiches.
2 I ate here for lunch and unfortunately the food took a while to be served.  The prices seemed high for lunch time and they didn't really have a lunch menu.  I ordered an Italian sandwich and I received something that really didn't resemble a sandwich at all.   Most likely not coming back anytime soon.
2 A little curious as to why this place has the positive reviews that it does. Tried it when it first opened, but thought it was just opening jitters. Been open for a while now, and it didn't get any better.  Our waiter had zero personality, seemed completely unhappy to be there.   Glass of wine took 10 min to get to the table, and they weren't that busy.  Food was average, had the spicy sausage.  Sausage was good, but sauce and pasta was bland at best.  Pricing was fair, but seems a bit high for essentially fast food served in a nice bowl.
4 We love having Babbos in our neighborhood in Tatum Ranch.  The food is consistent....great bread!  The Buffalo Chicken Salad is my favorite.  At times, the service can be a bit inconsistent.  I love their take out service.  Great little pizzas as well.  A must try if you're in the Tatum Ranch area or even just being in North Phoenix might be worth the drive.
4 Takes a little while to get the food out, but I love this place. Great service, friendly staff. Every tuesday and monday I belive they do $6 Spaghetti!
5 I was fortunate to have Babbo's at work last Saturday, catered to us by a generous big-wig there. It's some of the best Italian food I've ever had. Period. The ingredients were fresh, the dishes appeared to be on the healthy side, and the flavor was marvelous. I've never had such delicious meatballs in my entire life.  I would absolutely want their food again.  My only complaint? Their east valley locations can't possibly open soon enough. I can't wait to bring my family and friends to this establishment. 5stars.
4 Pretty tasty italian food... interesting pizza flavors (good, though!)... HUGE sandwiches... tasty salads!  The service is pretty good - a little slow when they are crowded.  Good for lunch or dinner.
4 This has become a consistent favorite for us since we had the baby. They are always accommodating - giving us seats in the back JUST IN CASE - and making alterations to the recipes because of my breastfeeding (TMI, I know...) The food is great. The prices are right and the chefs are really nice.
4 Mmmmmmmmmm.  And SURPRISED!   Who'd think that a chain pizza place would have such a great pizza!.  The pizza combinations are closer to the real deal from Naples, hence a little different than your typical Pizza store.  Thin and crispy and still chewy!    Give Babbo a try, you may be surprised too!
5 Wow, what a nice surprise.  My choice of meal the first time I try an Italian restaurant is spaghetti and meatballs.  If a restaurant can't do that right then I won't go back.  Babbo's did it up really well. The sauce had a really fresh flavor with a good touch of basil.  The meatballs were very flavorful and they were big. I'll be back for that meal again.  When we walked in we were greeted promptly and taken to our table.  Our server, Scott, was right there for us and followed up on things all through our meal.  The only thing I'm sorry about is that I waited so long to try this place.  I'll be back soon.
4 Just had our first Babbo experience - Sunday night takeout.  It was excellent! Good sized portions, fresh, great flavors, and prepared just as we'd asked.  And they couldn't have been any more friendly! Delicious - we most defintely recommend.
3 Service is no better than the Glendale location.  It's as if they're completely opposed to a training program that works so well for many of the corporate chains with much better service.  Sorry, but your food isn't THAT good to make us endure the untrained teenager service experience.  Food is quite good though, especially the personal sized pizzas and the complimentary bread (for dine-in).    Parking is good.
3 Here is the perfect example of a good restaurant.  This is the "benchmark" in my eyes...  Atmosphere - Good Food - Good Portions - Good Service - Good Variety - Good Wait times - Good Wine Selection - Good Prices - Good Convenient to my house - Good.  All aspects are "good" and consistently so.  This is a great place to go when you are hungry and don't want to gamble.  Meeting Friends? Go here, they have something for every one and no one can complain later.  I think it's always great to know where the hottest place in town is, but you also need that ace in the hole every once in a while and that's the beauty of Babbo!
4 We happened to drop by Babbo's after researching restaurants  in Cave Creek on yelp Lo and behold it was Monday night. How lucky is that? The spaghetti and meatball dinner special is served on Monday & Tues night & was REALLLLY good !! Very decent size plate of tasty (not sour) tomato sauce, pasta done just right  and 2 huge meatballs for $5.99. Served with hot pizza dough bread slices and dipping basmati vinegar and olive oil. Very crowded and a favorite with the local crowd we heard. This was too good to be true and too much for us to eat so we ended up with takeout boxes.
5 We order take out from here all the time because it is consistently flavorful and you get a large amount of food for a relatively low price. One of my favorite things to get is the chicken fettuccine, but I order it with red sauce. Its so good and not as bad for you as white sauce. The chicken is good and there are alot of veggies too. My bf is a serious fan of the Steak Rustica sandwich. Their bread is to DIE for as well. I have liked everything that we have ever ordered. It is on our most visited list for sure. May even get it tonight. You should try it.
4 Have been here twice for lunch. The service could be improved just a little, but overall, I was pleasantly surprised with our experience. There is small slices of bread & balsamic vinegar served as you wait. The lunch special is a rather large portion and I think worth the price. You can order salad/pasta or salad/pizza combo. I have done the pizza combo both times and was equally pleased with taste and size!
4 It was around dinner time on a Sunday (when you have little ones dinner is early).  We starting driving south but twin wanted spaghetti and meatballs.  I yelped and this place is about 8 miles from my house.  So we turned around and headed to Babbo's .  The big test is if the twins eat.  I am glad to say the extra star is for my little ones happy face.  My little boy specially ate all his spaghetti and meatballs.  He actually had some from his sister too.  The servings are very large.  I split one order between them.  My hubby had the Sicilian Ragu and he enjoyed it very much.  I had the Pasta Rustica with linguini.  They are very accommodating.  I didn't feel like having penne and requested the change and they didn't bat an eye.  I think they have the basic marinara for most of the dishes and they add a few ingredients to the different pasta dishes.  Like mine seemed to be the marinara with ricotta and some fresh spinach which is great, however, when you add ricotta it makes the sauce a little blander so you need to spice it up a little.  No big deal.  I added some red pepper flakes.  The place is spacious and looks clean.  I will definitely come back with the twins.  I am glad I have somewhere nearby where I can enjoy a glass of wine with dinner.  This was one of the least stressful dinners with the twins.  I know, I paint them worse than what they are.
1 Well, I can't comment on the food.  we went with my folks..we were seated and then, promptly ignored.  my husband asked the hostess if we had a server. she went looking ,  came back and informed us someone would be with us shortly.  10 minutes later still no one! so, we got up and left.  the hostess smiled and thanked us, having already forgotten that we hadn't ever been served.
2 OK, I've been here six times now and it's become one of my favorite restaurants.  Yesterday, Father's Day, my daughter and family took me there for supper and this time my experience was not so good.  We were seated right away by a friendly person, but then we were forgotten.  After 15 minutes a waiter finally came by to help us.  While we were waiting I counted the number of tables that were occupied including ours, the number was 5.  I also counted the number of workers that were talking and  hanging around what I assume is a computer station, that number was 9.  Something is wrong here.  The management needs to kick some ass to get the workers on the ball.  As usual there is no complaint about the food, I think the quality and the prices are perfect.  I will be back but I hope the service improves.
3 Had a pleasant but mostly unremarkable meal here on a Thursday evening near closing (9 pm).  The highlight of the experience was the service, which we found friendly and gracious despite our having arrived just before closing time.  The server proved attentive and acted unhurried, though I expect he was eager to wrap up the work-day.  The food was okay.  Menu items sounded appealing, but quality of ingredients and/or preparation was just adequate.  The chopped salad had pale lettuce, meat in the steak pasta tasted very salty.  We probably would not return, given the large number of better, comparably priced Italian restaurants in the area.
5 Great food! Nice neighborhood restaurant.
2 Don't have any big expectations whenever you eat here.  Babbo's is neighborhood bistro, which means to me that they would be half a step above take out.  I've only eaten here twice and I've ordered a different pasta each time.  While food is nothing to write home about, the appetizers were creative and even incorporated Mid-East (hummus dip) and asian elements.  The food prices were reasonable and the kids portions were generous.  I wish they would expand their dessert menu since it only has three items.  Nevertheless, I HATE dining in here because of the wait staff.  I get it -- the wait staff is young, polite, and accomodating.  Then, they say/do something completely asinine that leaves you with such a horrible overall impression of this place.  The last time I dined inside there were annoying flies.   The waitress gave us an apology and a weird excuse - "the area has a lot of horses so there are a lot of flies"....ookkaay... I asked for to go boxes and she took the plates away.  After sitting there for five minutes, I find out that she discarded all the food instead.  $30 of barely touched food.  I was annoyed but in retrospect who wants to eat food covered in flies?  She was an otherwise sweet girl but next time...there won't be a next time.
4 Stopped by for lunch and had a pleasant experience. My hubby had the Mac and cheese with sausage. I was soooo jealous because it was delicious! My dish was very good, but the Mac and cheese was so much better. The portions were substantial. We had the house merlot which was nice and silky smooth. If I'm ever so far north of Phoenix again , I will definitely give Babbo another visit.
3 Eat here about 1X/mo.  We like the happy hour here.  Order 2 margherita pizzas and roasted asparagus and it's a full meal for us.  We have eaten here for dinner and their pastas are fine.  The staff is all young yet pleasant.
4 Thank God for Groupon.  I was fortunate enough to buy 3 Groupons for this joint.  I took my family here and we really enjoyed the food and atmosphere.  Everyone was friendly.  Here's what we had:  Firecracker Rolls - $7.95 (we tried the Buffalo Chicken and the Italian rolls, yum!) Mushroom/Pepperoni Pizza - $10.50 Sicilian Pizza (Italian Sausage, Capicola Ham, Salami, Basil, Oregano, Mozz & Provolone) - $10.50 Mushroom/Pepperoni Calzone - $10.50  My favorite dishes are the Firecracker Rolls and the Sicilian Pizza.  The place can get packed on the weekends.  Go during the week if you prefer a quieter evening.  Return Factor - 90%
5 Wow, what a nice surprise.  My choice of meal the first time I try an Italian restaurant is spaghetti and meatballs.  If a restaurant can't do that right then I won't go back.  Babbo's did it up really well. The sauce had a really fresh flavor with a good touch of basil.  The meatballs were very flavorful and they were big. I'll be back for that meal again.  When we walked in we were greeted promptly and taken to our table.  Our server, Scott, was right there for us and followed up on things all through our meal.  The only thing I'm sorry about is that I waited so long to try this place.  I'll be back soon.  As I said, I would be back soon.  Last Friday evening I went there with a special friend and my grandchildren.  We were seated immediately and our waitress came right away for drink orders.  The drinks came fast and we ordered our meals.  The meals came fast and the server was very attentive. This was a great night out, everything was perfect..
2 On my way home I saw those annoying "Spaghetti you won't forghetti" ads that Babbo has on some valley billboards.  Although I disapprove of their puntastic ads, a cheap plate of spaghetti and meatballs sounded good, so the wife and I went to visit the location right down the street from us for an early dinner.  What a disappointment.  Location:  Located in a shopping complex near a Fry's.  Ample parking.  The exterior was ugly like the Fry's.  Inside was modern Italian eatery... like a darker, less obnoxious olive garden.    Service:  The service was off to a good start.  We came in and were seated right away by a polite hostess.  Sadly, the service nosedived.  We sat at our table with not so much as a glass of water.  After fifteen minutes and several dozen wait staff passing by, I got up and asked the hostess to please let the waiter know we were there, thinking that it was simply a communication issue.  It was not.  We waited an additional 7 minutes before a waiter came to take our order.  Not only did he get our drink order wrong, he also could not remember who in our party ordered what.  There were only two of us.  It was not that hard.  The best thing about the waiter is that the only other time we saw him was when I handed him our card and asked him to just run it.  Food:  The food at Babbo is fine.  I had the spaghetti and meatball special.  The meatballs are big, not too anisey, and have a good texture.  Spaghetti was a little overcooked, but no more than any other casual Italian place would do.   The sauce was excellent - tangy, fresh, and with a strong hint of basil.  My wife had the steak panino.  It was not as good.  It's essentially flat foccacia bread with flank steak and cheese on top.  The bread was super soggy and the whole thing could've used more meat.  The panino came with zucca chips which were acceptable, but not as good as the ones served up at North in Scottsdale.  Price:  The spaghetti and meatballs are like a recession special.  Everything else is average priced.  Mondays and Tuesdays are apparently when the meatballs are on the cheap.  Conclusion:  Terrible, awful service which the acceptable food does not make up for.  We will not be coming back.
5 Best and closest to homemade Italian food!  Service is always great and friendly!  Highly recommend this place!!
4 I had dinner here not too long ago. I only been to this place a couple of times . The food is okay nothing special. The service is good and everyone is friendly . It's a little expensive. My favorite thing about this restaurant is their chicken Alfredo .
4 Friends had raved about this place, so we tried it a few days ago.  The food was GREAT.  They have a large menu with interesting dishes, not just a few boring menu items.  Service was great.  Atmosphere was nice too.  Place is nicely decorated.  Some sections were more family-oriented while other areas would be nice to sit with a date.  We will definitely go back to try more of their menu.  Prices were about average for the area.
4 ate here in 2008 I'm sure it's changed but the food was great and good for meeting. they where very accommodating for a large party.   was a little expensive for az.
3 i absolutely LOVED the bread they served almost like "tapas".  it was to die for...and they even gave me a small loaf to take home.  the pizza, however, was really way too think and it was ok. nice setting outside.
5 Great lunch combos.  Good food.  Great service.
5 Great food and service. One of my favorite places. Unique pasta... Curried chicken and drunken shrimp! Italian sodas are awesome. Loved the atmosphere and the staff! And the free amazing bread : )
4 Place is alright. I like how they give you olive oil / vinegar with bread when sitting down to eat here. The pizza is good but the selection for salads should be bigger.
5 What a fabulous deal on Monday and Tuesday nights, for delicious spaghetti. Great service too!
5 Wow, just had a wonderful lunch today - the Meatball Panino & Pizza are really great. The bread they serve on the side is very delicious also. Nice, casual place with great service.  Will be back very soon!
4 We went to Babbo's late on a Friday.  Our waiter was very friendly, and we were seated right away.  I ordered a cold app and unfortunately had to wait 15 mins for it to arrive.  For our entrees, the Alfredo supremo,and the goat cheese personal pizza, the were superb.  What fantastic flavor! Will definitely return.
4 Was looking for a place to get a good calzone. I had the cheese ravioli appetizer and a cheese calzone. Both were very good. I didn't get a chance to sample anything else on the menu but I hope to change that soon. The calzone alone is worth going back for. Service was also very good.
3 My family of 4 visited Babbo on a Monday evening primarily to try the Spaghetti and Meatball Dinner Special for $5.99. Babbo is located in a strip mall on the SW corner of Tatum and Cave Creek Rd. From the outside Babbo doesn't have much curb appeal, but when you walk in it's much nicer.  After the server took our drink order she brought over some bread that was cut into small strips and was accompanied with a small plate with olive oil and balsamic. We ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and also the Mista salad which includes mixed greens, tomatoes, olives, mushrooms, pepperoncini, mozzarella, Parmesan cheese tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette.  I enjoyed the salad but the spaghetti was swimming in way too much sauce. The meatball was also good. Overall the food was good especially if you are only paying $5.99.  I am knocking off a couple of stars because Babbo didn't wow me. The service was also lacking as our waiter only visited out table twice throughout the entire dinner, once to take my order and once to bring me my bill. Our drinks were never refilled and she made a big deal about my 3 year old kids splitting the meal. I don't mind if I have to pay an additional fee to split a dish but this was never offered. She made it sound like she was doing me a favor because everyone had to have a plate in front of them or she would get in trouble.....it was kinda weird.
3 I have only gotten take out there but overall have been very pleased.  Both the Steak' N Blue salad and the Chopped Chicken salad are good portions and if you order a large ,it definitely is enough for two people. The bread that comes with it is warm, fresh and has good flavor. Unfortunately ,more that a few times they have forgotten the extra chicken that I ordered and i was not pleased with the stuffed portobello appetizer.   Overall, it is a good place to grab some dinner to take home.
4 We went to Babbo's late on a Friday.  Our waiter was very friendly, and we were seated right away.  I ordered a cold app and unfortunately had to wait 15 mins for it to arrive.  For our entrees, the Alfredo supremo,and the goat cheese personal pizza, the were superb.  What fantastic flavor! Will definitely return.
3 Well, this was a mixed bag and I wish I could have given it four stars!  We really enjoyed our food.  Surpirsingly good for a chain!  I ordered the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Beets salad, followed by the Ricotta Manicotti with Italian Sausage Ragu.  DH ordered the Salad Mista and the Cacciatore-Style Chicken.  This is where the mixed bag comes in---our server was super nice, but the service not so good.  However, for this I blame management.  Our server was trying to handle a table of 10 and two tables of four and us.  It was obviously too much.  He took our order for two glasses of Montepulciano (which was priced a little high at 8.50 per glass, imho) and two tables that came in AFTER us had their appetizers before we had our wine, because the birthday party of 10 and the other two tables had the poor server hopping.  We finally had to wave at him and the wine was delivered by another server.  Then he took our orders and asked if we wanted our salads first---yes please, said us.  Well, fairly promptly (considering the wait for the wine) our salads arrived---DH said his salad was crisp and fresh and tasted just picked.  I can't say enough good things about the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Beets salad.  Yummy, perfectly roasted little sprouts, sweet, earthy beets, tangy goat cheese, nestled in a bed of fresh, crisp butter lettuce---I enjoyed the TWO BITES I was able to enjoy before the server arrived with our entrees.  So now I am torn---do I enjoy my salad---which was soooo good, or let my entree cool.  Ridiculous.  A total pet peeve of mine---poor timing by the kitchen.  (That, and someone sweeping by my table when I am trying to eat)  And I do blame management.  At the one table (that had their food before we had our wine) a stocky strawberry blonde in a Babbo t-shirt came and sat with the customers and yakked for at least 10 minutes.  Since she seemed to know them and actually sat down at the table, I assume she was management and was too busy socializing to notice that one of her servers was in the weeds and other patrons were not being cared for.    Anyhow, my salad was really good and I was pleasantly pleased with my entree.  The sauce---and I am not a huge fan of tomato sauce---was a light tomato, not chunky and not sweet.  Just a lot of great taste.  The ricotta in the manicotti was seasoned just right and the sausage in the ragu was just spicy enough.  It was pretty darn good.  DH's cacciatore-style chicken wasn't my fave---but he enjoyed it very much.  Discussing it later, I was commenting it lacked the depth and complexity of other Chicken Cacciatores I have had in the past and DH reminded me the menu said "style".  He thought they were saying it had peppers and onions and tomatoes, so it was kind of like cacciatore but not quite.  In that case, it was pretty good.  I know DH really like his portion.  And the bread and olive oil/balsamic dipping oil and the foaccia was DELISH!    Honestly, my salad was so good and such a fabu combo of flavors, it would have elevated this review to a four star, if it weren't for the lackadaisical service, and as I said, I think that's management's fault.  We did not ding our server's tip for something we felt was out of his control.    We will go back and try it again----the ambiance was nice---it was showing a little wear and tear after a busy evening, but I had to comment to my husband how incredibly clean and sparkly our wineglasses were!---I didn't love the shrieking baby in the corner, but that's a poor parenting issue---the wine was a wee bit over-priced, but our meals were good and boy, do I want another of those salads.  Only next time, maybe I'll get to enjoy it a little more before our entree arrives!  Oh, btw---the people complaining about the parking?  It's a freaking shopping center!  There's about five acres of parking.  If you have to walk a few feet---well, you're about to eat 10,000 calories---it's not going to kill you!
5 Buffalo Chicken Ceasar and Mista salads were awesome! Fast take out service and nice cold Peroni! Kevin W. took very good care of us!
5 We love going to Babbo, especially on a Monday or Tuesday for $5.99 spaghetti and meatball night!  Check in on FourSquare and get a free garlic hummus spread for the bread (delish).  Go for happy hour (until 6 p.m.) and get even more discounts on drinks / appetizers!  The staff is always friendly.  The have indoor and outdoor seating.  The cookie dessert is amazing also.    We especially like to sit at the bar area since the view is better and the bar staff is exceedingly nice.
4 Good solid pasta and meatballs, especially for $5.99 on Monday's and Tuesday.  Service was great and the waitress was warm and friendly.  If your looking for a decent place with a nice atmosphere and a great pasta special, be sure to try Bobbo's
3 Second visit.  Service still so-so, but the server did do me a favor when I wanted something light for dinner.  I added shrimp to the brussel sprouts salad.  Toe-wiggling yummy!    Place was not as clean as my last visit, there was something smeary and crummy on the table and when I told our server, she ran a damp cloth over, sending crumbs into our laps.  Ick!    But for the Roasted Brussel Sprout and Beet salad (now with addition of shrimp), I'll be back.  But maybe I'll try take-away next time.
4 So the whole family came here for the Great PaPa's birthday. This is his favorite place. I had never been here and had been told that it was a mediocre Italian restaurant  and that I probably wouldn't like it. But it wasn't my birthday decision. There were only two servers and they were both working hard at keeping up. They were nice and personable. The service wasn't uber fast but there was always a smile. So now to the food. Everyone enjoyed what they ate. This is shocking based on the variety of people that were eating, and the variety of temperaments. Just know that the food comes out really slow so be prepared. You are getting what you came in for.  Would I come back?  Sure.... The price is good and the family was happy.
4 We found Babbo on Yelp and decided to try it on Tuesday for spaghetti and meatballs @ $5.99.  The arugula and bean salad was delicious and the spaghetti was tasty.   It was a little noisy, but the server was pleasant and helpful. We will definitely come back.
2 Terrible! Order the manicotti, told waitress I wanted something lite. Covered in a thick, strong wine tasting horrible sauce. I took 2 bites and was not able to finish.  Also ordered at our table, the spaghetti,  came with 2 burned meat ball, and very little runny sauce. We asked if we could get meat sauce instead of meat balls and was told it would be 5$ more.   Will never return.
5 We love this location. The $5 Monday / Tuesday spaghetti and meatballs is a local hit and always a cheap eats good idea.  You can also sign up for their mailing list and get occasional deals on that, too.  Sit at the bar - ask for Danny, he is an awesome server / bartender.  You get instant seating, instant service and they are always on top of things.
5 Great place for a quick bite to eat that is home made fresh in a casual dining atmosphere. The meat ball sandwiches and spaghetti is yummy and special salads (I love the brussel sprout and beat salad) are wonderful. Not to be missed on your way up Cave Creek Road and points north! Prices are very reasonable for so much flavor!
4 Good place to eat...they do not have soups and the layout is kind of weird because the bar is on the left and very small with tons if seating on the right. The pastas are good but the steak in the pasta was a bit too undercooked. The service was excellent.
3 We wanted to take advantage of their happy hour and found the food choices to be good for happy hour, drinks not so much.  I don't see how $3 for a bud light is really a deal.  The way to go would be the 2 for $25 deal which includes 2 salads, 2 small entrees ( either pasta or pizza), and 2 glasses of wine.    The food is really good, the service was not.  The food took over 30 min and the restaurant was empty considering we arrived at 5.  We wanted to order another round of drinks on happy hour and our server told us we just missed it. Really?  Why didn't you come remind us it was ending!?
5 Try their $5.99 spagetti with meatballs.  It's really excellent, as are the portions.   U can't miss on this deal.
5 Babbo's has the best bread ever! Try one of their steak sandwiches. I usually get the "Steak Rusticana". We eat there at least once a week.
2 Although the food is pretty decent, there were a couple things that really made our trip tonight kinda bad....the food was not served until a full hour after we sat down (we got there at 7 pm on a Friday which is peak,but then again we were seated in less than 10 min. Also, during that hour wait, couldn't help but look around and notice the     chunks of food (seriously) that laid on the floor next to tables that were recently vacated, then as tables were cleaned the food scraps were left there in plain view. Kinda nit picky I know, but also kinda disgusting.
4 Pleasantly surprised!  I came here expecting an Olive Garden experience, which is to say I was not expecting much. I am happy to report that I really enjoyed the two times I have been. I would recommend this place to a friend and will definitely dine here again.  Pros: Fast, friendly, helpful service Great bread Reasonable prices Wide selection of appetizers & entrees Full bar Very clean  Cons: No lasagna! (or other baked dishes)
1 It's a huge problem when the food is worse than the service. I gave this place another shot and it's still just a terrible place to go. They need to rewrite their menu on the pizzas and just call them breadsticks...that's what they are. And they're pretty terrible. Go to papa johns y'all.
3 food is great. but service was rushed. not why we became regulars a long time ago. miss you Shanna!
5 Delicious!  I'm new to the area and this is now one of my favorite dining spots. The pizza is the best the area has to offer. And so far the meals are tasty and light for Italian. Prices are reasonable. They have a nice "to-go" service and if your meal isn't ready when you pick it up you can always have a drink at the bar.
