5 Just stopped here during work as this is located in the Esplanade, near my office b/c I needed a quick watch repair. The staff was friendly and my watch was fixed in a matter of minutes. And, as they said it was a simple repair, they did not charge me! I offered to pay, but they refused.   Excellent, old fashioned service. Also, though I was only there for a few minutes, I did note that they had a wide selection of cute fashion jewelry as well as some lovely, higher end pieces.
5 I stumbled across Jay's store a few years ago when he was at the Esplanade just down the road, and his craftsmanship and impeccable attention to detail have kept me coming back over since.  The moment you step into the store you are taken back to a time when customer service and loyalty weren't just tag lines but real experiences to be had.  They treat you like you've been with them for years, even if it's your first time.  I've had everything done from watch repair to jewelry appraisal and I've always walked away happy.    I do have to add that I love his new location.  There are a handful of great places to shop and eat there and the Town and Country is about to add even more so you couldn't ask for a better location to wait!
4 Went in to get my watch battery changed. Jay asked if I had a coupon and I didn't. He gave me a coupon and changed the watch battery for free. He was super friendly and it was professional service!
5 This is one of those places where a native Phoenician will appreciate. It has been around for awhile now. Its been here before PHX was considered city. I support this busy for many reason that I will not list, for reason that I hope you will find out for yourself. Thank you J Goldman.  PS: I'll look for those rocking chairs. :)
5 Found this place on yelp and called to ask about getting a watch fixed. Jay was so extremely helpful and even included the battery for free. I've found my watch spot. Jay is so helpful and so kind. I highly recommend going here for any watch or jewelry repair!
5 Great service, I asked to resize my ring, did it on the spot, and allowed me to take it home before payment.  I love supporting local businesses, especially the mom and pops!  Highly recommend!  Oh, they have the best selection of turquoise jewelry.
2 Recently visited this jeweler to have a ring resized. Was quoted a resize at $80, then $85 when I brought it in to drop off. Furthermore, the gentleman told me that he keeps any gold he removes as that is included in his price.  Upon shopping around, I was able to get the ring sized and rhodium plated for $40 bucks out the door! It looks beautiful and I felt much better dealing with someone who was straight from the start.
4 Great Place, Nice People, Excellent Service. I sold a bunch of my mom's old jewelry and these guys handled my transaction quickly and safely. I got my cash right away and I couldn't be happier with what I received for it because I didn't think it was worth that much.  My friend referred me to them and he explained that if you go pretty much anywhere other than here, you would get ripped off. I took his word for it and I'm glad I did because these guys couldn't have been any better, seriously.
