5 I won't go into the whole rambling story of how I came to use this store (another store effed up a leveling job).  Atomic Guitar Works are pros at guitar repair and building.  They are custom builders of guitars.  Harry is very friendly and helpful.  They did an ace fret leveling and crown job on my brand new Stratocaster.  So I'm spreading the news, this shop is good, very good, and I'll be taking more guitars to them for maintenance.  Update:  Ok I took a Fender Jaguar in for pickup replacement, new pickguard, a new bridge, and a set-up.  Work was done very timely & Tim at Atomic was helpful in explaining what they did and how to maintain the bridge.  Great experience again!
5 Awesome service at this place. Took in a guitar I had no hope of ever playing again-- it was warped and all the frets buzzed. Lo and behold, a week later it was as new again. Thanks guys-- you've earned a customer for life.
5 Took a battle damaged 25 year old Carvin V220 to them.  In summary, this is now not only My go-to repair shop, but also that of my friends, as well.    If you want to read about the full experience, including before/after photos, you can see my post at the Carvin forums;  http://www.carvinbbs.com/viewtopic.php?t=36614&postdays=0&postorder=asc&start=0  Suffice it to say, Harry & Jim do outstanding work and they have great dedication to their customers.  One hopes to never need to see them again, but if I do, there will be no hesitation.
5 As the friend of Liam (with the battle damaged Carvin), i can attest to the work put into his guitar first hand. It looks and plays incredibly! As he mentioned, this shop is now the go-to shop for friends as well. I had a setup and pickup swap done on my Dean Dimebag and the work was great. I wouldn't hesitate to bring any guitar into the shop for future work. My only complaint is that they're literally on the other side of town (about an hour from where I live). But..the drive would be worth it :)
5 I recently acquired a 67 Greco Electric Guitar that needed some work. Two of the pickups were not working. I took it to a "Center" that shall remain nameless. Their solution? Gut the wiring and two new pickups to the tune of $400. Wanting to keep the guitar original I decided to get a second opinion at Atomic Guitar Works.   Tim was helpful. He took the time to go over what could be wrong and how much it would cost. Turns out there were some wiring issues only with the pickups and for less than a 1/3 of the cost, this guitar is up and running awesomely. Its all still original.   Don't waste your time at other Guitar places. Bring it here to these guitarsmiths and they will do you and your axe right.
