2 Beautiful apartment homes. The worst management I've ever seen or experienced.   Originally for sale, the apartment homes then began to be leased over 1 year ago. The apartments caters to the HOA and their unending rules. The elevators are constantly in service mode and out of use (we live on the 4th floor which makes a load of groceries unbearable) and when elevators are in use they are covered in ugly brown pads.   We rented places for less money with 1. more community events (there has been 1 in over a year, when we moved in they promised a yoga class in the yoga room, none yet). 2. More organization- scheduling and rescheduling of maintenance requiring tenants to be at home, elevators out of use 3. Friendlier management and 4. safer places (even though it is guard gated in the front there are no cameras surrounding the premises where the 2nd car or guest parking is, resulting in several car thefts).   The only reason this complex get 2 stars, instead of 1, is because the apartment home itself is very nice looking: bamboo floors, sandstone tile, modern layout. There are many defects in the building though (cracks in drywall, corners of stairs exposed instead of covered, unsealed grout resulting in stains).
3 Been living here now for about 7 months, I was going to review it sooner but I wanted to give it a fair review. I will start with my actual unit. I LOVE my loft. The Wolf appliances and design of the unit is great. We furnished our own washer and dryer as if you get the one management provides it's a cheap connected stackable that washes 2 pairs of jeans if your lucky - not too happy about that especially when paying $1350 a month for an apartment. When moving into the unit be prepared to clean your unit. Whoever they have preparing the units doesn't do the best job i.e. floors will need mopped possibly steamed cleaned, will need to wipe down doors and windows cabinets etc. I consider these little things but when commanding the rental rates they do you would think it would be done right. Maintenance here has been the biggest issue for us and seems to be the common problem when talking to my neighbors. We submitted a work order for our blinds and no one bothered to come even a week later. We eventually fixed it ourselves. The people working in the office are great and are available for questions. Overall it has been a great experience and we will be renewing our lease. Would have given a higher star rating but I think the maintenance issue needs to be addressed.
3 This place is all bout blessing and curses.  I like lots of things about it...then again, the very same things I like are also the things I don't like. Does that make sense?!  1. It's openness.  LIKES - it has that open feeling which you can decorate clean and modern. Super minimalistic. DISLIKES - there are no doors! I get the whole loft thing but, I always tell my friend that "if someone breaks in, you'd be screwed...no where to hide!"  2. Security. LIKES - the area in general is kinda shady so, security at the gate is always a plus! DISLIKES - uhmm... how do I say this? THE SECURITY IS WEIRD!  Like normal/social ppl, I made small talk with the guard while he rang my friend; and I swear to you, the guard showed me pics on his phone, told me (almost) his whole life story, AND let 3 cars in ahead of me. I wanted to dieeee; how do you cut someone off in mid-(whole life)-conversation to tell them, "haaay, I don't know you nor do I care about your life; just-let-me-in!"  3. GYM. LIKES - open 24/7 with weights, pool, jacuzzi, steam room, usual gym equipment. DISLIKES - lots of equipment but, small.
1 First off let me say that I should of TRUSTED past reviews. A few different negatives.  Leasing agent was polite and not pushy but did not inform of many vital things that pertain to living at Loft 5 and the move in / approval process.  HOA rules and regulations were not fully listed and detailed until after lease was signed. Move in due to these rules did not go smoothly at all resulting in 2 attempts at furniture delivery.   Appliances are great when they work but they often do NOT! I have been greatly disappointed by the kitchen.    Total service calls in a month  1x for stove  1x microwave  1x washer / dryer  3x dishwasher  The cabinet trim is poorly constructed and often falls off!  Elevators are slow and doors are outdated keyed design which makes entering building more tiring than need be.  Garage floor is squeaky as cars drive over there is a harsh and loud screech which can be heard from my 5th floor unit  Pool is kept semi clean but is very shallow and is only good to splash around in when  in direct sun.   BIGGEST COMPLAINT is that every rule is slighted to make the HOA money NOT actually correct an issue. Many people have dogs and there is often barking and noise disturbances.   Take your money elsewhere and spend less!
2 The security at the front gate is a joke. Most of them will pretty much let anybody in and rarely do I get a phone call about a guest at the front gate. Then at night they only have one security guard so a lot of times my friends will have to wait at the gate for a while before they come back from their rounds.   Recently they also decided to pulled out all the real grass and put in AstroTurf. It has made the complex look even cheaper.   The gym and pool is open 24/7 so that is really nice but besides that I can't think of anything else that is nice.
1 BEWARE.....  Over the 12 months that I lived there I witnessed two different occasions when the SWAT team came and busted down the doors of two different apartments.  The place is loaded with drug dealers and pimps, and management will lease these to anyone, and I mean anyone.  They don't enforce any of the HOA rules, people pretty much do what they want.  Pets pee on the carpeting throughout the buildings and people pile their trash near the trash chutes but are too lazy to put it in the trash. Constant hassles over parking, people just park where ever they want even though residents have designated spaces, and there's hardly any guest parking.  The worst was, two nights before I moved out a guy threw his girlfriend off the 5th floor balcony and she landed near the guard gate instantly killing her.  Interesting that none of these stories seem to be reported on the local news, but all of us residents know exactly what happens.  Such a shame because the units are absolutely awesome!  But just because there's security cameras doesn't mean you're safe.
1 Do not rent from this place, especially if you have animals. They would send me letters everyday for my gate which kept my dog from jumping off the balcony. The maintenance men would walk into my unit all the time unannounced . The countertops will stain. All I remember is mopping the floors because they show every dog hair or dirt. We couldn't take living at this expensive crappy place anymore and I lost my job I even went downstairs and asked them what I can do if I lost my job about the rent they just said I have to wait till my contract is over. Sure enough the day my family helped clean the apartment all day they tried to blame me for every single scratch carpet tear in the hallway like other people in the entire unit didn't do that just because one of my dickhead neighbors said he saw my husband barely scratch the wall because the jerk wouldn't move out of the way for him. So the office lady said that all the damages that I didn't even do were going to be on my last bill! My neighbor said that they charged her for carpet lines in the hallway because it is thin carpet and shows lines from moving in furniture. The elevator was always out of service so I constantly had to carry my groceries up the stairs and then again when I walked in my unit because my kitchen was upstairs. My husband went off on the lady who tried to charge us for things in the hallway we didn't do and even though they have maintenance men who would have fixed them all easy me and my family just used a magic earaser to fix the scratch on the wall and vacuumed the hallway. Seriously this place is a joke. My neighbor was a spoiled brat who was 18 and drove a hummer who threw parties all the time and would ring my doorbell at 2 am all the time when I had to go to work the next day I had to stay up and call the cops on them. The cops just said we are not coming out again and the girl kept throwing parties and my door bell was always ringing day and night from immature kids. I asked the security guards to help me with the problem they could care less. They also only gave us only one parking space so I had to always park in guest parking where people would hog 2 spaces for weeks and the office again did nothing about it. They should spend more time helping there renters then walking around taking pictures of non sense and sending out hate mail I also would get letters to keep my dog on a leash. The office girls also talked crap to my parents and said we were getting a house and didn't feel sorry for us having to leave and then my mom yelled at her and said that I lost my job and then they said I should have asked for help when I did ask them to help me a month before I moved out. I had to pay $1000 to move out a month early plus I lost all my deposit money just because I couldn't stand to live one more day in that horrible place.
5 Just moved out of loft 5 due to relocation and I have no complaints! All the staff we're always very friendly and extremely helpful. If I needed something fixed in my place they always fixed it in a timely manner. I never had problems hearing any of the neighbors and the place is well insulated so electricity bill was never to high. Also it only took a week and a half for them to refund me my deposit. No hassles trying to get my deposit money :)
5 I have a friend who lives in a top floor loft here and they are amazing! Absolutely beautiful apartments- sound systems, courtyards, and WOLF Professional Appliances.
5 Karen and the entire Loft 5 staff are amazing and very hospitable.  They are always checking to see if wee are doing ok and extending a helping hand.  The crew here is always here for our needs!
