5 if you're in the hotel or at the pool and want a quick, delicious bite to eat - stop in here.  we were only there for 2 days and ate here twice.  2 reasons. 1) the mojitos.  you can build your own and order them by the pitcher!  you can add fresh fruit - grapefruit, raspberries or old fashioned lime.  variety of different sodas and rums to choose from!  2) the salads.  i know, i know,. but they were so good!  day 1, i had a great shrimp caesar topped with the biggest shrimp that i have ever seen in a salad.  day 2, had a chicken salad with pineapples, cranberries and an awesome honey mustard dressing.  the salads were so good and so right in the 108+ heat.  partnered so well with the mojitos and the great pool!
3 Other than DJT, this is the only place to eat in the Trump hotel. Thank goodness this place has decent food! H2eau is the pool cafe and bar that serves drinks and cafe food during the day. I had the cobb salad which was huge! I think it was $14, but I was impressed by the quality of ingredients and the portion size. The bf ordered the ham panini which was good quality ham and bread but covered in grain mustard (which he didn't like). We also tried the chicken fingers and fries - they were below average served lukewarm and the fries were soggy. Their cocktails are not that strong but they are a good size.  This place is convenient and I would eat here again. It's definitely pricey, but you gotta splurge a bit when you're on vacation!
5 Very impressed. The more casual side of DJT, but blown away nonetheless.
2 Granted I had an order of $10 tortilla chips and guacamole as well as a $6 berry smoothie. The prices should have already driven me insane. But I'll look past all that because this place is situated right at the Trump pool. Apparently, there is some premium to be paid.   Considering I felt like nothing else on the menu was appetizing and I was reduced to ordering chips, I suggest a total menu overhaul is required. STAT. My order was fine. No complaints and no accolades.   Now, the wait times at this place was seriously ridiculous. We were the only people ordering and all our food came out at different times. Significantly different timings. One friend's order was mixed up and another friend's smoothie was leaking all over the place and the waitress conveniently ignored the mess.   I'm just going to have to say...never again.
2 The service was horrible. The waiter bring me my Bloody Mary drink and spill it on me.
5 Prosciutto wrapped melon, rasberry smoothie cocktail, served to me pool side. PERFECT Sunday. Service is a bit on the slow side. The servers sometimes don't see you. I grab a menu and bring it to the chair. If you wait for a menu, it will take a while, then you have to wait for the the waitress to remember to take the order from you... Go ahead and flag her down, otherwise, she may never get your order.
