3 The room is fairly plain and the lighting a bit too bright at the Eastside's steakhouse.  Our waiter started us off with a basket of warm bread followed by a delicious, but  overly dressed, spinach salad.  My wife's entrée was the 12 ounce prime rib served with baked potato and herb grilled tomato.  I ordered the rack, 7 ribs, of lamb that was served with a grilled shallot, sweet potato and grilled tomato.  We also shared an order of broccolini sautéed with garlic.  Both entrees were slightly above average and service throughout was very good.   Discounted gift certificates available from restaurant.com.
5 Let me start off by saying that my review may not be a fair one since did not have the steak or any entree for that matter.  Its been crazy hot in Vegas and I just couldn't stomach anything too heavy.  That being said, I enjoyed a lovely dinner that included a delightful glass of the house Merlot, a delicious bowl of French Onion Soup and a Caprese Salad that was one of the best I've ever had.  A perfect meal when is 108 degrees outside.  Of course, we topped it off with creme brulee.  Absolutely yummy!!  The wait staff was fantastic - so fantastic we even invited  Jorge to sit down and enjoy our dessert with us!   I also appreciated the quiet elegance of the dining room with the low lighting as it was a welcome respite from the craziness of the gambling just outside the door.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely be back.
5 Okay, well, apparently I couldn't wait for the next time I was back in Vegas and had to enjoy another lovely dinner at Carve before I left!  Lorenzo and Jorge waited on us and I couldn't believe it when we walked in the door and they not only remembered us but remembered my name!  Wow, talk about service!  So of course I had the house Merlot again because it was so good, the scampi prawns, the baked potato soup (honestly, it was beyond compare) and, of course, the caprese salad.  We ended our perfect meal with the creme de menthe chocolate cake and it came with my favorite ice cream - vanilla bean.  Ahhhh, it seems I'm one step closer to heaven.  Seriously, you cannot miss with this place.
4 We ordered vegetable risoto, prime rib (end cut) with baked sweet potato, chicken oscar, and iced tea (they had Splenda - yay).  The service was good without being uppity and intrusive like some steak houses.  Good atmosphere.  The food quality was very good, but everything needed more salt.  I liked some of their touches like the serving cart and the cinnamon butter for the sweet potato.  We'll be back, especially because they're on restaruant.com.
5 We went to Carve on a lark. We were able to get a really good coupon on Restaurant.com so we thought we would give this steakhouse a try, and we are so glad we did!  When we arrived we were greeted by the manager and quickly seated in a very large and comfortable booth. Barely a minute went by before our waiter arrived to take our drink order. While we waited for our drinks a basket of delicious warm bread arrived.Our drinks arrived just moments after the bread. Wow, talk about fast and attentive. The service was warm, friendly and genuine.   Here is what we ordered:  Carve salad-basically the house salad. The produce was fresh and the salad was large.  14 oz New York strip-cooked to a perfect medium-rare and seasoned perfectly. It was so tender I could have cut it with a spoon!  16 oz Rib Eye-cooked just as perfectly as the NY strip and was just as tender.  I had to make a few modifications to my meal because I happened to be on a slightly restricted diet at the time. Our waiter was very accommodating and my food came out just as I ordered it. We had such a lovely meal at Carve.  When the check came not only did they honor our coupon, but they gave us one of our meals for half price because they have an early bird special. Are you serious??? We didn't even know about the special but they gave it too us because they are really nice people. Wow, we were blown away!!!  As we left we the manager shook our hands, thanked us warmly for dining there, and told us to come in again. Oh hell yes we will be going back to Carve!!!
5 Order a couple appetizers...  Calamari & Lobster Bisque  get a glass of wine  then share a big prime rib  wow... what a deal... and oh so good...  I can't wait to come back...
5 OMG!! I have you haven't purchased your restaurant.com gift certificate for this place yet, then maybe you just don't deserve to go to this place!!! Hubby and I live about five minutes from this place and we've always wanted to go, but we're cheap, so we always passed it up. Well, we sucked it up because it was my birthday and we decided to go to Carve because we actually have a free hotel night at the Eastside Cannery (review for this place to come!!).  We arrived at 7:15pm even though our reservations were for 7:30pm. We were seated immediately (sorry, I've dined at enough places that if I have to wait more than 10 minutes, then I've waited too long!) Within mere minutes, we were given glasses of water and yummy bread. After not more than a few more minutes, our drink order was taken and given a few minutes to look over the menu.  Altogether we ordered:   * 2 sodas * Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail (Three jumbo mutant size shrimp that Chris    didn't want to share with me!) * Blue Crab Cakes (Two fat crab cakes that I didn't want to share with    Chris because they were that yummy!)  * House Salad (fresh and crisp, did NOT taste like it came from a bag   from the grocery store!)  * King Cut Prime Rib roast with mashed potatoes (mine - OMG melt    in your mouth, worth the $21.99!!!)  * 16 oz Tuscan Rib eye with baked potato (his - also melt in your     mouth, didn't want to share, didn't need any special sauce because    it was flavorful and cooked JUST RIGHT!!!)  * Broccolini with Garlic (side - I liked it, he's not a broccoli fan)  * Asparagus Hollandaise (side - I loved it great compliment to the    meal)  * 5 layer chocolate cake (his - this could've fed 3 people!! Priced at    $5.99, we at half, then the next day ate the rest!)  * Crème Brulee (mine - custardy and sugary  heaven!)  I had to point out what we had because AFTER EVERYTHING (tax, discount and tip) we paid $66 and some change!! Where the heck else can you get this much food (quality food I may add) for this price? Everything was truly divine, the service was great and I'm glad that Chris enjoyed a real steakhouse!!! This place is affordable and I love patronizing restaurants where the staff is warm, friendly and know what real service (not fake like what I sometimes find on the Strip) and be treated as if we were high rollers!   So go...RUN...don't walk to your computer and go to restaurant.com and buy a gift certificate to this place now!! Especially before they change their minds and take it off the website!! Well worth the money the food was so plentiful we ate half of it and took the rest home for wonderful leftovers!!!
3 A lovely little steakhouse and one of the best values in town. Located in the Eastside Cannery, this unassuming gastronomical playground serves perfectly fine food at a fair price.  Service was friendly and attentive.  The end-cut Prime Rib was quite good, and our side of smoked corn was terrific, the five-onion soup was rich and satisfying, but the asparagus was not hot and I found it to be slightly overcooked for my taste. We used a Restaurant.com gift cert, and the final bill, including a bottle of wine and 3 sides was under $100 - A great deal in Las Vegas circa 2010.  I will recommend Carve because of the reasonable prices and good steaks. Visit Restaurant.com first, and save a chunk of bucks.
4 Good Steak For The Price!!!! Don't forget your $25 restaurant.com gift cert
4 Though it was Saturday night, the room was less than  1/2 full which is disappointing given its high quality/price ratio. We shared a delicious warm spinach salad which included mushrooms, red onions, hard boiled egg and a sweet bacon dressing.  We each ordered junior (12 ounce) cut prime ribs which were perfectly cooked, tender and delicious.  Each was accompanied by au jus, a tangy horseradish-based sauce, grilled tomato and choice of starch (A=mashed potato, W=sweet potato).  The maître d comped us each a dessert as an apology for not comping Ann in December when we dined at the restaurant on her birthday.  Mine was a slice of dense chocolate mousse while Ann's was a very heavy, dense chocolate bomb.    12/10 This is one budget steakhouse that doesn't disappoint.  We were started with a basket of warm bread and then shared a warm spinach salad with bacon dressing, mushrooms, hard boiled egg and red onions.  Our 12 ounce prime rib entrees were served medium rare as requested with au jus and a horseradish sauce.  Accompaniments included a grilled tomato and baked sweet potato with maple butter on the side. Our spinach salads and entrees were very good.
4 I went here for my birthday dinner I had the Rib eye and it was delicious, tender and cooked exactly the way I liked it! I got it with a baked sweet potato that came with a delicious cinnamon butter on the side. My dad had the osso buco, i tasted it and it was also very good! We had the oysters Rockefeller for an appetizer, they definitley weren't the best ones I had, but not bad.  The only problem was that even though we had a reservation we still had a wait a while to get a table, and our waiter seemed a little distracted and forgot to take our drink order, till we reminded him. I don't know maybe it was just an off night, but all in all it was a good experience.
3 Dinner was very good. From appetizers to dessert.  Service was lacking. From the wait at the entrance to getting the check.  The best service was from the waiter who did what he could but seemed understaffed.
5 Came here Friday night as I was visiting Vegas it is about 8 miles off the strip but well worth the drive and easy to get to.  We had the Filet Mignon with Roquefort cheese and the 20 oz  prime rib  the sides were garlic mash potato (YUM).    The steaks were very  tasty, tender and cooked perfectly, we used a restaurant.com gift certificate which they accept on weekends unlike a lot of places. Service was great and very attentive to our needs.  We will be back next time we are in Vegas and at half the price of the steakhouses on the strip its a must
4 We came here on Thursday 3/29 for a little birthday dinner.  Started with a dozen oysters that were large plump and ready to down from the shell.  They were served with cocktail sauce, horseradish sauce and lemons.  Fantastic start.  We also had a shrimp cocktail, only 3 shrimp but large and firm and also tasty.  Our 2 cosmos were perfect, so we had a second round with dinner.  I had an iced tea that actually had Ice tea ice cubes in the glass. this kept the tea from getting watered down. We had the large filet cooked to a perfect medium, the lamb chops, also a perfect medium and the rib eye, asked for medium, but this was served medium rare, I dont know what happed here, but since it was to rare for me I switched with my friends filet as he likes a little rare.  So all was well.  Each entree was served with a baked potatoe. Our only complaint here was the service.  Took about 5 minutes for the waiter to even come to the table at the start and we had to ask for water, tea refills, more bread and even to have empty plates removed.  Also while the matre'd was in plain sight in this open room he not once approched out table to find out how our meal was going. We will return again as the prices here are very very reasonable and we used a $50 restaurant.com coupon which made the price even less.  So for 3 people and 4 cocktails we spent $125 and that included 18 percent tip.
5 I can't believe this place only has 16 reviews so far!  This is the BEST thing off of the strip! My friend and I went there on our food and shopping trip to Vegas. We figure, if you're going to drop a bunch of money in Vegas, you might as well get a bunch of clothing and shoes and a full belly right?  I wish they would turn up the background music a little more. The ambiance was definitely VERY quiet and lights were dim. It was like a museum even though there was a baby and a couple kids in there... that part was a bit creepy. I felt like I stuck out like a sore thumb when I got that itch in the back of your throat that causes an insane coughing fit. We were at the front waiting to be seated and I literally almost hid myself in the corner until the host arrived.  We started with the blue claw crab cake - it had this remoulade that was so good I dipped my starter bread in it. I'll be honest, I wiped off the entire plate with it. SO good!  We also shared the caprese salad which had THICK buffalo mozzarella slices, you could taste just how fresh the mozz was. The strange thing was that there was an odd tomato-to-mozzarella ratio. There should always be an equal amount, but I gladly ate the extra slice of cheese. :-)  Carve served up one of the best steaks I have ever had. We both ordered the filet mignon, my friend the 6oz and me the 10oz. Yes, the fat kid eyes came out and I went for the 10oz. I figure I usually down a 12oz with no problem, so why not? The thing is, when you have a steak that is this perfectly cooked - good char on the outside, rare-ish pink inside - you don't need 12oz! I could barely finish all 10 ounces. I literally had only a few bites left and I was so full and satisfied. With a steak that good, you have to finish it....  there was a major debate happening between my head and my belly. I finished the steak. Next time, I'm going for 6oz instead. I don't even remember which side I ordered... either sweet potato or mashed potatoes. Whatever it was, it was good but I did not finish it.  The food was served tableside, with the rolling, linen covered cart. Service was excellent all night.   I was too full for the wine and we had a show to catch back on the strip, so we took the bottle with us for later. faux pas? illegal? I'm not sure, but I didn't care!  Carve is not as pricey as it looks. We expected fancy-pants steakhouse prices, but we would not have even broken $100 for two people without the bottle of wine. Our bill came to just over $100 before tip -pretty good for two steak entrees and two shared appetizers plus wine.
4 Last night, 4 of us went to Carve for my wifes' birthday dinner. Since I made a reservation in advance, they had a nice table set aside for us. However, it was a corner booth, that was not roomy enough for 4 "heavy weights". We asked for a different location, and was granted it. The service was very nice (from the hostess, down to the bus staff), the food was incredible, and the lighting was very romantic. The only negative was that my crab cake appetizer was very small (though tasty).  We ordered both the "king cut prime rib, & the Tuscan sirloin rib eye" (medium for both). They were perfect. I only wish I new what the marinade was for the rib-eye, so that I could steal it.
4 This restaurant is like Rodney Dangerfield, it gets no respect.  We received a basket of delicious bread and then shared our usual spinach salad that included baby leaves, a warm bacon dressing, and mushrooms   For entrees we each ordered a junior cut of prime rib done medium rare and shared a sweet potato with maple butter.  The food and service continue to be above average.  I used a restaurant.com certificate.    A rating of 3.5 stars would be most appropriate.
4 Great steaks and good service.  Sauces for steak a little weak. Overall fair prices and good food.  Would go again.
5 Recently had dinner here with business associates, and friends Carve is a nice not to dark steak house tucked away in the rear corner of the Eastside Cannery. The ambiance is good but lacks intamcy, not quite the romantic setting you may want for one on one dining. The entire staff is fantastic at making you feel as if you are the only ones in the room attentive and quick to refill and remove and cater to your every whim, I find this type of high quality service exceptional in an off strip location they get a 5 stars plus for service!  The food is also High quality the 5 Onion Gratinee is one of the best I have ever had not too much salt and bursting with flavor truly memorable, I also had the petite filet which was perfection on a plate seared to a perfect medium rare it cut like warm butter and indeed almost melted in the mouth, stupendous! My dinner companions also had the 20 oz. Porter house which was impressive and the bone in rib eye which our host called "the best rib eye in Las Vegas" and I believe this to be true... Overall a dleightful hidden gem off the strip
4 The food was good.  I had the chicken with a cream sauce, asparagus, and blue crab, My hubby had the new york strip with steak fries.  We used a coupon from Restaurant.com and they took it no problems. Our waiter was very polite and the service was excellent.  A good place to go off the strip. The ambiance was nice also.
5 We had a coupon for a free bottle of wine with dinner and seeing mostly good reviews we decided to give it a shot. I'm glad we did.  First the atmosphere was nice, plenty of booths or tables, low light. We were able to get a booth. The waiter was very nice, took our coupon without any issues. The merlot that we got for it was very good. Not just a house wine.  The price was very good on all their steaks. I got the 12oz junior cut prime rib. It was PLENTY enough, only $20 and came with a side. The salad was extra, high quality greens. Most importantly the steak was cooked perfectly, great flavor.  I've tried a few steak places around and this is way better quality than Fuego's and Harry's and a fantastic deal for the price.
5 Grandma wanted prime rib so I aim to please and thought to give this place a try. We came with reservations as soon as it opened and it filled up fast and had a waiting list before we even got our meal. It must be good if people are flocking.  I'm not even in a meat mood and can't help equate prime rib equals buffet food, but I highly enjoyed dinner.  They start you off with a bread basket with a few kinds of bread. My favorite was a nut and raisin bread and the garlic cheese crackers were tasty.   The BF and I shared a prime rib and a veal T bone. The T-bone had a nice smoky char and the rum garlic peppercorn sauce was nice with it. It wasn't as tender as I hoped, but decent enough. The prime rib was definitely the star. Very tender, juicy and melt in your mouth. Entrees come with a grilled tomato and a type of potato. I chose garlic mashed potato which was very toothsome and the BF got a baked sweet potato with cinnamon sugar which was good, but not something I can eat a lot of. The GIL and MIL shared prime rib and both absolutely loved their dinner. We also got some a la carte sides. Sauteed spinach was good, but standard. Vegetable risotto was rather rich and was just okay. I don't think I would get that again. I normally don't talk about drinks but somehow the BF rootbeer was extra tasty as it was vanilla flavored and my ice tea came with lemon, mint  and pineapple garnish which I muddled to make my drink extra tasty. Little details don't escape me and I appreciated it.   Service from our main server was very good. He was friendly, had funny one liners and was very attentive. They have a drink runner and there was a bit of confusion on some drinks, but I rather have drinks coming in abundance than not at all.   The place has a traditional steakhouse atmosphere, nice and a little formal but it wasn't stuffy. I was definitely the youngest person there, but I won't let that stop me from food. I think the price to quality ratio is very good. The website menu doesn't have prices so to give you an idea the prime rib Junior/12oz is $20, King/16oz is $26, Colossal/20oz is $30. We had a restaurant.com certificate and that definitely puts it at an even better deal. Just remember to reserve! While this may not be hot on Yelp, apparently the secret is out that this place is solid.  Dare I say that this was a better prime rib experience than Lawry's? I think so and at a price that is easier on the wallet. They don't have the yorkshire pudding I love from there, but they do have a comprable spinach salad. Also we haven't seen grandma eat or care about food for a while.... She tucked into her food and was chirping about how delicious it was throughout the whole night. That itself is worth everything.
2 First, let me start by saying that the service here is impeccable. It's so 5-star that you won't believe it!  Unfortunately, the food doesn't get quite that high a rating.   Started with delicious bread and butter; French, a parm crisp and a raisin bread. All were delicious. My water was kept filled the entire visit.   Immediately got the warm spinach salad and it was lukewarm at best. I really like my warm to be warm, warm. Not so-so-not-really, warm. That's what this was. The vinaigrette was bitter and the bacon tasted processed, not real. The mushrooms were okay, but odd for a spinach salad, I thought. Distracting.  I asked for a bone-in steak and they told me they had Porterhouse. According to the menu it was the best steak on the menu. I ordered it medium rare.  When it came out it had the strangest dull sheen to it. It didn't even look like meat. It had the grill marks, but seriously, I was worried. I cut into it and it was medium, which I don't care for, but more toward the center it was better.   The first thing I thought of when I took my first bite of steak was, this has to be the cheapest cut of meat I've ever eaten. Being a huge fan of steak I can immediately tell whether this is going to be okay or not. No, it wasn't. And, I disagree; $38 for a steak is NOT cheap. And, it's really expensive when it's this grade of meat. Which is, grade F for FAIL.   For sides I had the baby button mushrooms. They were okay. It's hard to mess up a mushroom around me. I also had the vegetable risotto which was undercooked, but had really nice, big pieces of vegetables. Had it been more cooked it would have been awesome.   I am not sure if I just got a bad cut of meat here, or what, but it doesn't hold a candle to the other steak places in Vegas, and for almost $87 for drinks, steak, sides and a tip, I feel like I got ripped off.   I would not recommend, which is sad, because the restaurant and service are amazing.
4 Been here a few times, and have loved it each time!  The space is nice and intimate!  The service is a little slow, but the food makes up for it!  I have tried the Chicken Oscar and loved it, as well with the prime rib that was very good.  You wouldnt expect a place like this inside the casino, but it is a very pleasant surprise!  If you are a member of restaurant.com you can get a discount i believe is $50 off $100 (tip included).... trust me, its worth it!
5 The loveliest steakhouse in Las Vegas.  I am kinda conflicted and reluctant to share this secret gem with the world because now this restaurant will get even busier, but everyone should try prime rib like this once in their life - each cut is beautifully marbled and cooked to perfection, so tender you can cut it with your fork.  Their filet mignon is just as perfectly prepared and fork tender.  We always start with a Caprese Salad; I have tried many and theirs is by far the most flavorful with soft melt-in-your-mouth buffalo mozzarella, Roma tomatoes, fresh basil and a rich drizzle of Balsamic glaze!  My husband loves their Shrimp Scampi which is sauteed in a savory, buttery wine sauce that you will want to wipe the plate clean with some of their delicious bread.  Oh, the bread!  When my family first starting dining here, we said it was because of their "chocolate" bread.  Like eating a "lick your fingers" warm sticky bun.  We always feel like family when we come here.  Joseph greets us by name at the door.  We've been served by all the waiters and staff here and they are superb and attentive.  Atmosphere warm, not pretentious and the prices are great.
3 So we came for Christmas dinner with my in laws. We haven't had grandma out in weeks and weeks but she made the special trek for the lure of prime rib.   I started off with their warm spinach salad and shared with the BF. This was pretty good. I liked the dressing on it, it's a bit sweet and taste like caramelized onions were blended into it.  Only thing is I would order with croutons to add some texture contrast. Love their bread basket here - the raisin bread is great!    We all got prime rib and unfortunately our orders weren't quite right. I like mine on the rarer side of medium rare and mine was more medium but it was still good. The BFs was also medium but his was oddly a very dry piece compared to mine? He had his sent back and the second piece was much better. Mom and Grandma are not big eaters and split theirs. Our server asked if they want just a plate or have theirs split. They specifically asked to not split, they prefer to do it themselves as grandma likes the fatty parts and MIL likes the leaner middle. It came split into two very thin slices instead of down the middle so it was not as juicy as a whole would be. I was trying to get them to send it back but they wouldn't and told me it was okay.   The server and us just did not jive at all. The BF was really irritated everytime he wanted his attention he would poke him on the back. There were times we felt ignored because this persons section had people he was hugging as they came in so those preferred people got a lot of attention and he was chatting them up and another table was what seemed to be two higher ups of the casino having a business dinner. He would come and walk by and drinks were not cared about. He would even sometimes come and ask, things okay? but see that all sodas, teas and waters empty and not do anything about it. We only got refills because bussers here normally check on tables too. We got actually really good service from our busser considering how many tables he's running.   We never complain but the BF was so irritated he walked out on us during dinner and took a breather and came back and had to talk to the manager. I will say the manager listened to him and did try to save the experience. I noticed right away he walked to the back with our waiter and after that our server apologized. Our busser was purely waiting on our table and not our waiter after that. The manager also sent us dessert- one for each of us. We were full so we took a few bites and took it home for later. I did want my prime rib boxed up which was nearly half, but it got taken to the back and never was packed with our desserts to go home. Unfortunate for me the next day looking for a quick bite after a long busy day, not able to eat at work.   I do recognize it was Christmas and a Monday which is not their usual service day as they are closed on Mondays... maybe that played a part, who knows. As much as this visit was pretty shoddy I still think the prime rib here is a good deal and worth coming to.Unfortunate since my first visit was great enough to get a 5 stars (I really don't give that out on first visits) and now it feels justified why I shouldn't ever give that.  Hopefully our next visit isn't like this one and this was just a big fluke.  (Yelp 100 Challenge 7/100)
4 What a nice surprise, yes the place has gotten generally good reviews on here, but I was still skeptical, I can't say why, but there you go, proof that I can be wrong.  Anyways, the food.  Lobster bisque, one of the best I have had, great flavor, nice pieces of lobster, very nice indeed.  Spinach salad, probably the weakest dish, just blah to be honest, the dressing was cold and flavorless.  Prime rib, a very good piece of meat, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Tiramisu.....Ok, I was wrong about the spinach salad being the weakest dish, this was, there was no coffee or marsala  flavor, pretty much it was sponge with a creme filling and a little cocoa sprinkled on top, this thing has no right to be called a tiramisu.  The service was good, drinks refilled quickly, I would skip the salad and that thing they call tiramisu though.
5 This place is great...can't say much more...love this place!  always great service, great food.  The giant prime rib is amazing and try ordering off the menu with filet oscar.
3 A party of 6 of us went to Carve last Saturday night where we were greeted by a VERY nervous maître d.  As the evening progressed, we can see why he appeared worried.  As it turns out, the restaurant was SERIOUSLY understaffed and the lack of service showed.  Our server was fantastic and tried as hard as he could to service our table . . . he simply had too many tables to attend to.  I would say the issues we experienced were a management issue as the maître d barked orders at his servers, but he never really helped them.   I would have expected him to cover and support his servers better . . . . but he seemed "above" handling anything to do with the serving of food.  The food itself was very good and we will return again for that part of the restaurant.  However, when we do, it won't be on a Saturday night as they just can't seem to handle a full restaurant.  Attention Management:  You have a good restaurant here with a pleasant environment. . . . please don't shoot yourself in the foot by not hiring enough people.  And find yourself a maître d that will lend a hand to the service staff when they need it.  My review would have been between a strong 4 based upon just the quality of the food.
4 Very good steakhouse.  Located in the Eastside Cannery and offers an excellent menu, specializing in good ol' red meat.  We each had the rib-eye steak with a side of mushrooms (excellent).  The onion soup is very good as was the Ceasar Salad.  Also enjoyed an appetizer of crab cakes which were small but tasty.  This is a less expensive option for a good steak and we will return.  BTW, the service was excellent, timely but no rush job.
4 We bought an online gift certificate for this place while we were in Vegas and were pleasantly surprised,  Service was excellent. I had a ribeye that was perfectly perfectly prepared and the sides were great too.  I ended my meal with the creme brulee and it was great!  For a restaurant inside a casino it was really first rate.
5 We go to Carve every time we attend a concert at Eastside Cannery, in the past we had mixed results, not this time!  We were seated right away, and water and bread were delivered shortly.  I had seen a flat iron steak special on line but that was for May, the waiter then told us about the June special, "wine and prime"  a glass of red wine, prime rib, potatoes and vegetable medley for 19.99!  After reading so any great reviews on Yelp about their prime rib, I was sold!  Hubby started to reread the menu until I told him to get the special also!  lol.  Food came out in about 10-15 minutes cooked perfectly.  It was all delicious and our waiter became the "shoulder bad angel" as he recommended the chocolate lave cake, WOW!  Often a hit or miss choice their's was spot on.  Very reasonably priced with good service, no doubt the best choice in the Boulder area.
4 Carve is a nice restaurant, off the strip and semi-casual. They definitely know their steaks, our party ordered prime rib, ribeye and filet mignon and all were very good and cooked as requested. Their bread is delicious so be careful or you can fill up on bread. We ordered salads, which were good and fresh, but too much once the steak arrived. Service was good depending on the waiter, we had 2 servers and one was a little abrupt. This will sound silly but, when paying a considerable amount for food, I expect my leftovers to be boxed for me and the server was just standing there and handing me boxes and bags.
4 Great food, great service, great prices....in a shady casino. My wife and I split the 20oz prime rib, baked potato, and a caprese salad. Everything was excellent, besides the location. The east side cannery hotel and casino was smelly, even for a casino.
5 I was looking for a nice place to take the family to dinner last night. After reading the reviews and looking at the photos I settled on this place. Great choice!  The ambience was perfect. Nice and quite so you don't have to talk loud so your guests can hear you.  I was really surprised that on a Saturday night this place only had a few other tables with diners. You'd think a place like this would be packed.  The service is what really made this place great for me. I would rate this place in the top two or three restaurants I've ever eaten in as far as service goes.  The food was good to. Everyone in my party  of 6 enjoyed their meals. I personally would rate my steak a 4 out of 5. But with the kind of service you get here I didn't mind.  The total bill came to 274 and change for a party of 6. That includes one bottle of wine and a couple of other mixed drinks. So really not a bad price for a place like this.  If you're looking for a romantic place to take a date or just a nice quiet place to dine I would highly recommend Carve!
3 Service was nice but slow and they didn't offer the regular menu. It was a Mother's Day prefixed menu which was decent but when you preview a menu and figure out what you want and look forward to it only to be let down by a set menu it kind of brings you down. Its like telling a kid lets go to Disneyland only to end up at Adventuredome! Plus when we got there, they didn't have our reservations. Not that we really needed it but come on. Good thing my mom took the guy's name down who apparently was the Manager-Joe. Tsk tsk! As a seasoned hostess you know when a reservation wasn't made. When they ask who you made it with...no bueno. Anyways...my parents got the prime rib which was delicious and I got the salmon/shrimp scampi which was not bad. The lobster bisque was a bit salty. And they ran out of dessert trios by 8pm? Really? Sorry Carve, but get your game together.
5 I loved this place. I had the prime rib, I enjoyed every bite. The service was immpacable.  Worth every penny.
5 Carve is the definition of that terribly overused cliche 'A diamond in the rough'.  Nestled inside the Eastside Cannery, Carve is the penultimate restaurant found in that smoky old-timey casino filled with those seemingly stereotypical Walmart-esque type customers.  The ambience is typical of that of a steakhouse in that it is dimly lit, white tablecloths, and an impeccably dressed waitstaff.  For starters, my party and I ordered the baked oysters and calamari appetizers. "m usually not the biggest fan of oysters but gave it a taste anyway and was pleasantly surprised. Although there was quite a bit of baked cheese topping the oyster itself, it had this delicious warm, gooey-ness to it that was quite nice. The calamari was unique in appearance in that it was shaped and breaded just like a mozzarella stick. The marinara dipping sauce was decent, but nothing to brag about.  For dinner, I elected to try the New York strip(which I believe was 14 oz.) cooked medium-rare topped with shoestring onions with a side of garlic mashed potatoes. When asked if I wanted a sauce or demi-glace to go with my meat, I declined. Sides ordered for our table included asparagus, mushrooms, creamed corn and spinach.  The steak was cooked to perfection. Just the right amount of pink on the inside and it was quite juicy. I have to admit, I was smitten. The garlic mashed was so good and not overly 'garlic-y' as most are, that I almost asked for seconds. The asparagus, salty spinach, and mushrooms were on point and the creamed corn was perhaps the side I most enjoyed.
5 One the best steak houses in Las Vegas at very resonable prices.  The sirloin was amazing and the service is top notch.  Go try this steak house you will not be disappointed!
