3 I've started going to the Paradise Bakeries for one reason - free wi-fi. Make that two reasons - free wi-fi and close to my house. Make that three reasons - free wi-fi, close to my house, and the tomato soup.  A decent work away from work place with plenty of outlets and booths but I've been to the Marketplace and the one in Chandler (I-10 & Ray) and both are too cold to make you want to stay long, even in the summer. Still, that tomato soup is a good warm up...
3 Why do all the muffins taste the same -- vaguely pumpkiny/zucchiniy with way too much damn nutmeg?  I'll stick to the tasty tasty tomato soup and salad.
3 had lunch there with the sis last weekend and it was CRAZY busy but still yummy! I loved my cookie and sammy... however they got my salad screwed up :( oh well next time I guess... but i"m still a fan and will return again! :D oh and if ur wanting a nice lesirely lunch with the girls on a weekend afternoon... tough luck!! Cuz it was PACKED in there!!
4 First off, I must state I am a HUGE fan of sandwich+soup meals! Now, with that said. I love this place! I always get the half soup, half sandwich. I usually get the tuna sandwich with their signature Fire Roasted Garlic Tomato soup(YUM)  and to top it all off, they always give you a free chocolate chip cookie.  The cookie itself deserves one whole star...maybe even two! It's an absolutely perfect crafted chocolate cookie! It's got a crunchy/crispy outside crust and the inside is still chewy/gooey! Perfection!  I've never tried a salad here but they seem to be quite popular and the ingredients look really fresh! But I'm not a huge salad person so I haven't actually ordered one myself...maybe one day
4 Before hitting a movie at Tempe Marketplace, I finally caved in and ate at Paradise.. My previous experiences were just cookies at various locations.   I decided to go with the Paradise club (ham, turkey, bacon, lettuce tomato) served on a croissant. The meal was good and I left satisfied (not easy to do). Each sandwich comes with a cookie for $6.95. You can order a combo meal (drink/chips) for $1.99 more.  Not in the mood for a sandwich, there are wraps, salads, soups, panini's to choose.   While I enjoyed my sandwich and will eat here again, I still feel that Dilly's and Wildflower's sandwiches are better.  The cookies are amazing, especially the chocolate chip-5 stars for the cookies!
3 So, I'm moving PB from two stars to three stars based on my lunch at the Tempe Marketplace location about a week ago.  Although, I am still not a huge fan of this place, it was a pretty OK lunch based on what we ordered.  I notice that they have discontinued the regular plates/bowls for eat in orders and have resorted to plastic containers (cheap in my opinion), however, this is probably being too picky.  We shared the BBQ Chopped Chicken Salad and the Chipotle Club Wrap, both were loaded with dressing/sauce, but had a really good flavor.  Overall, a very filling and satisfying lunch.  I'm not a sweets person, but my mom said that the chocolate chip cookie was one of the best she's had.  So, I guess I'll be back to PB when my dining companion suggests it.  Otherwise, you'll probably find me at a chinese buffet or a divey mexican joint ending in ***bertos.
2 Finally a Paradise Bakery near me! I don't have to drive all the way to Scottsdale for them anymore! No longer will my family be forced to make an adventure across the other side of town to pick up my cookie cake because I hate real cake!   Right?  Wrong. This Paradise Bakery just plain sucks. I still order my cookie cakes and cookies from here because it's convenient but I would never eat their food. I've tried eating here twice. Once an albacore sandwich that tasted like someone died inside of it (not the fish). The second time was just pasta salad. How do you mess up pasta salad? TELL ME. Another time my cousin ordered tomato soup and she found what we presumed to be part of a plastic spoon inside of it. How does that even happen? Are they intentionally messing with us or did they really just serve us used soup?  This location is always packed. I've never come here and not had to wait in line for at least ten minutes. That and the employees (besides ONE old lady who works there) are total jerks. I'm serious. Dude you work at Paradise Bakery for a living. Don't talk down to me when I'm trying to order a cookie.   I only come here to get my Mr Pibb fix or to buy my mom cookies. Their cookies are just as good as any other Paradise. I have no idea what happened to their food or who trained their employees.
2 I love paradise bakery, but the last experience I had at Tempe Marketplace was not good. I feel like the food quality has gone down dramatically since I first started eating there. Not to mention, the customer service. I stood in front of the salad bar for about 5 minutes waiting for help before I was acknowledged... while at least three employees stood to the side chatting. Then, they were rude when I seemed impatient. Then, once I received my half sandwich, it was made with the wrong bread.  This location is my least favorite. I tend to have a hard time finding seating, and the place just seems messy.   On a more positive note, the cookies were great as usual :)
2 I went to PB at Tempe Marketplace for a business lunch today.  All three of us ordered sandwiches, and neither of us were very impressed with our meals.  Two of us ordered sandwiches which were said to be made with a "zesty horseradish sauce," which he and I both commented was gross and unlike any horseradish we had ever had.  I normally love horseradish, especially on my roast beef sandwiches, so I actually asked the PB employee to make mine with extra horseradish.  This sauce was more like thick mayonnaise, and I think it ruins the sandwich.  Also, the place was packed.  It seemed understaffed for how busy they were.  Oh, but the chocolate chip cookies are always good.
3 Paradise is ok if you're in the mood for a very average sandwich. The only thing they have going for them are their chocolate chip cookies, and don't fall for the buy one get one free offer at the register. You get a free cookie with your meal anyway.
4 You got to love the Turkey Cranberry sandwhich and they tip it off with a cookie.   No compliants a great quick lunch.
2 I'm very unimpressed with this location.   I prefer to avoid Paradise Bakery, and hit up other sandwich spots for lunch. I find their food good but a little overpriced. But today, I decided it was convenient to stop by Tempe Market Place on my way home from work, and I wanted a sandwich, so why not?   I realized right away that this PB has a smaller menu than some of the others that I've hit up. That was an instant minus. I don't go to Paradise often enough to notice something like that. I settled for a Chicken Artichoke Panini. It was mediocre at best. On the plus side, it comes with a chocolate chip cookie. PB's cookies are a 100/10.   I'm also not a fan of the set up of this location. If you don't have a table and/or are getting something to go, the only place to wait for your food is a small area in the middle of restaurant.  It's extremely awkward, and you always feel like you're in someone's way.  There is one other plus I need to mention from a previous trip.  I once went in before work and was wearing my security card on a lanyard around my neck.  The cashier thought I was a Tempe Market Place employee and gave me a 10% discount.  How nice.
3 I came upon Paradise Bakery by chance and just stopped by to have a drink and something sweet. We ordered a caramel ice, snickerdoodle cookie, and a sugar cookie. They were all okay, but not fantastic. I think it's a little pricey for what it is. The inside was pretty nice and seemed like a nice place to study or read, but I probably wouldn't choose to go back.
2 I'm not really a sandwich snob, maybe I'm a little bit of a bread snob. And I don't eat meat, so clearly there is a certain scope to my review that will not cover a wide array of their menu.  However, my review is not focused so much on their menu as it is on their ingredients. Reality check: I know it's a chain. I don't expect Simply Bread or McClendon carrots. But the disappointment is still high.  The sign is so pretty, their logo is pleasing. But I don't like the flashing of a "healthy eating" concept when your bread is made with high fructose corn syrup among other unpronounceable items and I am not so partial to soggy sandwiches that fall apart even though there isn't any sauce or cheese present (why exactly is every sandwich I've ordered so wet? do they dry the lettuce after washing it? do they wash the bread?) I haven't really encountered any nice people working here to make up for the lacking food at high prices. Not to mention I thought this location in particular was not well kept.  So why 2 stars? I don't know. My only 1 star review was REALLY bad. This wasn't quite as appalling so I've left it at 2. I wish we had Panera here. It's not perfect, but it's a step up.
4 I love Paradise Bakery. It is a good place for a good healthy snack or lunch. It is a nice lil cafe. The staff were very respectful and I didn't wait long at all to get my order.
5 I love Paradise Bakery. It's a great place for healthier options that are quick and easy.  The salads are large and hearty, even for a big eater like me.
3 I was looking for a place with wireless and good coffee. I found it.  I don't really get into all of the baked goods. I like a simple cup of coffee and maybe a bagel. They are good for that.
4 The menu reminds me of Panera Bread and as it turns out, they're the same company.  They're salads are delicious and are made to order. You can switch out veggies too, and change up the dressing as well.  The cookies weren't to-die-for but were still edible. I do have a problem with their bagels. They're never as soft as I feel fresh bagels should be.   It's fairly busy during the lunch rush but the line moves fast.
2 uuuuuugh. What a sorry disappointment of a meal. The BF and I went here for dinner tonight and it was pretty not good. I got the pick two with the balsamic steak 'panini' and the chicken stew. The BF got a turkey 'panini.' Well....his 'panini' was barely toasted, let alone a panini. My sandwich was toasted but the steak was pretty gross....chewy and tasted like it came out of a bag. The tomatoes were mealy. The whole thing was sad. The chicken stew was decent, but had that plastic -y look to it. I always find that a little disturbing. It came with a biscuit that was really gross and didn't go with the stew at all. Both of our cookies were raw in the middle. Plus the meal cost 20$. Really?! 20$?!?! Are they kidding me? I could get a countless amount of better food for that money. Not awesome. Not even good. I won't be returning.
4 Great food all the time - service is pretty decent as well.
2 J and I went to this Paradise location while we were out last night.  He'd never been to a Paraside before.  Since it was after 6pm, the OldTown Scottsdale location was closed.  But, since we had to go out to Mesa, he reminded me of the Tempe Marketplace location.    With such a busy location, you'd think that the restaurant would be clean.  Nope.  Trash on the floors.  Dirty tables.  We had to walk around for a minute before we found a clean empty table.  J was so put off by the dirty tables surrounding ours that he got up and asked to speak to the manager.  The manager, from what J stated, was like...Yeahhhhhhhhhh..I know.  He knows his employees are doing a half assed job on keeping the dining area clean and isnt doing anything about it to make sure its clean ALL THE TIME?!  Now to the food.    We split a Paradise Club.  It seemed as if this sandwich was just thrown together.  Very dry.  J was not at all impressed.    I had a cup of Mac & Cheese and J had a bowl of Mac & Cheese.   Im guessing since the mac & cheese is in individual packages, they cook them in a sous vide.   J's came from a batch that had not been cooked yet.  The guy says, this ones cold, so I have to heat it up.  He then throws the cup in the microwave.  Uhhh..okay.  J said his was alright.  He had a little left over and gave me the rest of his.  Why did the mac taste chewy.  Like it had not been cooked all the way?  Though seeing the bowl being put in the microwave, I should have known something would have been off.  But I was not expecting chewy macaroni.    After everything was said and done, I wish the OldTown Scottsdale would have been open!  Because I unfortunately don't think I'll be able to get J to step foot in another Paradise after this experience.
2 I can't complain about the food but my service was below average. There seemed to be a lot of people working but not much going on. Maybe a better system needs to be in place. Also, a little dirty.
1 Ew. I wish I could give zero stars, but then I wouldn't be able to complain about how awful this place is. Worst paradise bakery, ever. EVER. I'm surprised I didn't get food poisining eating here. My sandwich (chicken walnut) had a teaspoon of chicken salad on it, whith maybe one walnut, and mealy tomato, and wet soggy lettuce. The only good part about it was the bread. It was the tiniest sandwich I've ever gotten at a sandwich place. My boyfriend's club sandwich had gelatinous ham and turkey on it, like oscar meyer style. We also ordered a box of 15 chippers. They were AWFUL. It was as if the broke all of the chippers into even smaller pieces. The oatmeal chocolate chip ones didnt have a single chocolate chip. Someone must have forgotten to add them to the batter. The dark chocolate white chip ones were so dry, and the lemon ones tasted like butter and remorse.  I seriously think this location totally blows. The other locations I go to are always good, but this place is baaaaad. Mall food court bad. Jesus, get it together!
3 We come here pretty often when we do 'kid's day out' with my nieces and nephews.. well, we went this weekend for another event that brought us to the Tempe Marketplace and, although it was a Sunday, it was quite busy and thus it was both noisy and dirty.    They have a lot of staff, too, to keep up w/ the demands of the business, but maybe not enough cleaning staff.  Tables were dirty and so was the drink area... plus, there is *always* a line for the bathroom...  Food was decent: I had the mozz panini (which was very tasty), but both my friend's paninis (which had more ingredients than mine) were boring as dirt... my friend's Salmon Club was very good (per him).  It's Paradise food.. not too inventive, just mildlly enough to make you want to order it.  This place is OK given it's central mall location, speed of service, tastiness of food, cleanliness.
3 Lunch time is the busiest time to come here. Be prepared for long waits for food and seating.
5 Lovely food. I am also happy to eat at this location of paradise bakery.. they have fresh ingredients and make good alterations if asked for. Great for vegetarians and well as non vegetarians. Fact that this location is in tempe marketplace, makes a high difference so we can enjoy outdoor seating in evenings.
3 Pretty good stuff for fast food. Better than most
2 This is more of a review on paradise bakery in general not just this location.  Way overrated and overpriced.  I keep trying to convince myself that this place is good but I just don't see it.  Every time I go I try and pick something that can't be messed up and I know I'll love.  Unfortunately that never seems to happen.  I'm always left wishing I had ordered something else or nothing at all.
2 First they sold us soup they didn't have.   Then they gave my sandwich away to someone else.   I walked over to Chipotle.  Mistakes happen all the time - but they should at least act like they care.
2 Just your typical over-priced, weak service sandwich/salad chain. A lot of people behind the counter talking amongst themselves and starting at you blankly when they finally decide to help you.   My friend and I met here for a quick bite. She got a large salad and the mac and cheese kids meal. Paid over $18. The kids meal didn't even come with a drink, she had to get that separately.  Not a great experience. Next time I'll go to smashburger or the teriyaki place on the end.
2 This location is not as impressive as arrowhead.  I was helped by a very nice girl, who had my name :) it wasn't busy so she helped me sort through the nutrition binder (which was a disaster, not her fault). I went with her advice and tried the spinach power salad for the first time, and I didn't like it at all.  The person who made the salad did a poor job, all the toppings were on the bottom.  A weird thing to complain about, but there were too many, they dumped them on by the cup full, so my salad was like a fried onion bacon soup swimming in dressing, and the dressing wasn't good.  The hubby had a sandwich, turkey blt... It was good, bland but good.  I don't like the free cookie either... HAHA what a thing to complain about! It isn't a good cookie though, so it went into the trash.  The iced coffee was as weak as coffee can be, and the half and half was out past it's time.  Other than Courtney being super nice a helpful, I was very disappointed.
1 I love Paradise Bakaery's Spinich Power salad, except I make a few modifications to it to suit my liking.  I never get bacon, i add red onions and diced tomatos and always get the balsamic vinegarette dressing.  For the past 3 times that I have gone to this PB location they have not gotten my order right.  I usually check my order before I leave but today I was careless and was disappointed to get back to my office to have my salad not made how I ordered it.  It was apparent that the salad was made traditional style with no regard to how I ordered it.  I will not be going back to this location since they do not pay attetnion to their customers orders.  Having the wrong lunch defintiely puts a damper on the remainder of my workday.  I will continue to go to other PB locations that you watch as your salad is prepared and pay last!!!  I also love the paradise pasta salad but I do not know what was up with it today.  It actually tasted bad - like something in it was not all too fresh! I got a large order had about two bites and it was just so terrible tasting!  I had the worst experience at PB today which really upsets me since is one of my favorite lunch spots.
1 This is one of their worst units. There always seems to be a problem. Today stale bagel and blue berry muffin. I don't get it I thought they bake it fresh its a bakery.
3 So,  we decided to try out the new steak salad wraps.  While we did not realize that the steak was going to be cold and the steak had a lot of fat on it and it was not cut up too.    Hopefully next time when we go back to Paradise Bakery we will try something better.  Normally everything here is great.    Also the customer service was great and the Cafe was really clean.
2 Uninspiring and lackluster thai chicken salad. Some of the ingredients such as the edame and red bell peppers were not fresh at all and tasted like they had a bit of freezer burn. This location is just a good place to meet a group of friends with a beverage and a scone.
4 It's Panera Bread 2.0. Very friendly staff and fair portions for what you're paying for. I recommend the You Pick 2: French Onion Soup and Thai Salad. The Big Kids' Grilled Cheese is seasonal but another excellent choice. Try their smoothies too! They taste all-natural.
2 Not impressed. They don't even reheat the cinnamon rolls. You'd think a bakery would serve warm pastries! Chai latte is bitter...   Service was fine but the product want worth it.
2 $11 for half a boring sandwich and a flavorless salad?! Paradise doesn't hold a candle compared to Wildflower.  The service was fine, but the food was SO average that I can't justify spending that much for what I got again.
