5 I love the one in the Palace Station casino (been a fan for years!) but they don't make Jambalaya anymore, so this one has a slight edge (although farther to make the trip for us) to the one int the PS casino. This one also has better ambiance- can be romantic, since there is additonal seating (private, tables and booths as well) in addition to the seating (stools) around the chefs, where they prepare and make your food, right in front of you. There is also a waterfall, which adds to the ambiance. I always order the House Gumbo (Sausage, Chicken & Seafood)- love love love love it. I always eat half , and take home the other half. All Gumbo and Pan Roast dishes come with crackle bread (generous- might just come with everything, actually), a hard roll, and a scoop of rice. We used the restaurant.com certificates but sadly, no longer participating in the restaurant.com promotion. The service is really good and the chefs here are more similar than the PS location (they vary in terms of performance-at the PS location). It's not as busy as the one at Palace Station, but then again, it does have more seating other than stools.
5 My wife and I are fans of the crab pan roast at the Palace Station Oyster Bar, and we've been eating there for years whenever we go to Vegas.  However, we hate the long lines, so after hearing a rumor that the basic recipe for the pan roast is similar for all the Station Casinos, we decided to try the Oyster Bar at Sunset Station.    This restaurant was much larger with tables as well as seating at the bar, and best of all there was no wait.  I ordered the crab pan roast, and my wife ordered the Manhattan clam chowder and bouillabaisse just to try something different.  The presentation of the food was a little different, but honestly, I could not taste any difference between the pan roast here and the one at Palace Station.  It still had the same rich, creamy, spicy broth with ample amounts of crab meat.  My wife said that she tasted a slight difference, but agreed that they probably used the same basic recipe.  Her bouillabaisse was also good with fresh crab legs, mussels, clams, and huge shrimp.  The clam chowder was good, but a little on the salty side. The service was also very welcoming and attentive.  Over the years we've tried the pan roasts at numerous other oyster bars in Vegas and Reno, and nothing has ever come close to the one in Palace Station until now.  And without the long lines, it has become much easier to come here to enjoy the amazing crab pan roast.
4 The oysters here are some of the freshest I've had in town. The pan roast is awesome...I really recommend that dish. Be careful, they serve it almost scalding hot, but nonetheless it has good flavor!
4 I love seafood and definitely got my seafood fix here.  The husband and I tried & recommend the following dishes:  1. House Roast  2. Oysters 1/2 dozen 3. Peel and Eat Shrimp 1/2 pound  If there is one thing you must try, it'd be the House Roast.  Oh yeah and warning: Ambience is cheesy (casino-restaurant) so don't recommend for a first date. =D
1 Wow, where do I start....we actually have been eating here a while now- the mister thoroughly enjoys the red beans and rice and I do like their Manhattan clam chowder.  I will tell you now that what I am reviewing is going to be on their service.  Usually when we eat here, we sit at a table and there is normally no issues.  Well, yesterday we went to Sunset Station and it was Christmas Day.  As everyone in Vegas knows- the casinos are packed on Xmas day and the restaurants are usually packed.  Since this was the first Christmas that my daughter was spending with us, we thought we go out for a nice dinner.  We arrived at the Oyster Bar and there was a little line, no problem we think. So we wait in line, there is a party of 5 in front of us and they are waiting for a table since there is not enough room at the bar.  They tell us that there is room at the bar since there's only 3 of us.  We don't know if we should wait since there is a sign at the entrance that says "seat yourself"....well we walk around the bar and find 4 seats available, however, the bar area is not cleaned and there are leftover dishes from the last party...so we thought okay, we'll sit down and wait.  So we sat and waited- 10 minutes go by, no one comes to clean the bar area even though the entire staff is walking past us...another 10 mins go by- no acknowledgment from anyone behind the bar or waitstaff...the people sitting next to us tell us they are changing shifts...okay that's fine but why would another CUSTOMER have to tell us that??!??  I say it's okay, I know they are busy...so we wait another 10 mins...by now, the kid is really upset and the mister is FUMING...  It's not so much that they couldn't get to us, BUT at least ACKNOWLEDGE that we were there...all we needed was a "we'll be right with you"...my poor daughter was so upset she just wanted to leave...could it be that we were one of the few people in there with a kid? Maybe not...who knows but I have worked in a restaurant before and customers walking out is never a good thing BUT ultimately that's what happened...WE WALKED OUT...not because we didn't get served but we weren't even spoken to by ANYONE behind the bar...too bad cause we did like the food...OH WELL, looks like our money is not welcomed so we will NEVER be back...
4 This place is great if you want your seafood fix for a pretty reasonable price. The only bad thing: limited seating! And it was a "seat yourself" kind of deal, so there was no hostess and we just had to hover and wait until a table was done eating to snatch some seating.   However, I felt like the food was worth the wait. What I recommend:  1. Jumbo shrimp cocktail: one plate has 5 jumbo shrimp on it and it was so fresh!! I could probably just eat two plates by myself.  2. House Gumbo: I think this is just a sweeter version of the Jambalaya. I'm not a fan of salty dishes or the spicy sausage so this was an excellent alternative. The house gumbo comes with shrimp, crab, AND lobster or you can get it with just one type of seafood. And the helpings of seafood was very generous. The dish also comes with a small scoop of rice. An absolute must try!  3. 1 lb of crab legs: This was super fresh and absolutely delicious and it won't break your wallet. Perfect for your crab leg craving.
4 The hubby & I really like this place. We've gone 2 times now, the most recent trip being this last Saturday. My hubby had their Signature House Pan Roast both times which includes all 3 of the seafood choices-shrimp, lobster & crab. This last time he remarked that it's probably the best seafood dish he's ever had besides his mom's Cioppino & that's saying a lot coming from him! I had the Bouillabaisse the 1st time & the Salmon with capers & herbs this last time. Both items were excellent, prepared perfectly & plenty of food, I brought home half of the meal both times. The 1st time we went, the oysters were on special for $1 each so we got a dozen. I really love oysters & these were some of the best I've had although they weren't served on ice which I thought was odd. They were awesome though. Very large, fresh & delicious. We ordered them again on Saturday even though they weren't on special but b/c of how good they were the 1st time. This time they were really tiny & not nearly worth the $11 we paid for a 1/2 dozen. BIG disappointment.   I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 b/c of the measly oysters this last time & for the fact that I wished there were a couple more fish entrees like maybe a mahi-mahi dish or a seared tuna steak. Other than that, this place is really good & we will definitely head there when we get a seafood craving!
2 The food here is great but the service needs serious improvement. We went a couple times just to make sure we didn't catch them on a bad night. Starting with the hostess who is doubling as a busser and cleaning the place. Took forever just to get drinks out and the place is really not even that big maybe maybe 20 small tables and a bar. The manager needs to get all the staff on the same page fast...
5 I always order the shrimp special. Its a pound of shrimp anyway you like it, and it comes with 4 domestic beers. My favorite is the Hot Louisiana, its delicious garlic spicy broth with big peel and eat shrimp, its served with sourdough rolls, flat bread and oyster crackers.   The oysters on the half shell are oh so fresh, have never had a bad one. They are served over ice with horseradish, cocktail sauce and lemons. Simplicity is what makes these perfect.
4 We have eaten here 3 times and had great experiences every time! the oysters were very good...ceasar salad was excellant ... very crisp lettuce fresh crunchy croutons (does it get any better) BEST DISH THEY MAKE .....Signature House Pan Roast both times which includes all 3 of the seafood choices-shrimp, lobster & crab (small tip: get it over linguini MUCH better than the regualr rice it comes with) You can thank me later!!!   Also had a $50 worth of seafood for $25 coupon from weluvlocals !!! Cant wait till they offer it again!!!!!
3 I have eaten here many times.  I live on the far side of town and it is over 30 minutes for me to get here.  I used to make the drive happily because their House Pan Roast is great.  As usual the food was good.  My problem this time and the last is the service.  This is a small place and I go during slow times.  No excuses for TERRIBLE service.  I thought it was just a fluke last time, this time it was worse.  I guess I'll start checking out the other Oyster Bars in town.  I can get treated like crap a lot closer to home.
2 Eaten here many times and the food has been OK.  It seems ever since the Sunset Stations have gone into bankruptcy things have really cheapened up,but the prices have risen.  Small things keep this place from being a 3 to 3.5 star eatery.  The bread rolls are all ways stale(we're talking week old stale). They used to have pepper mills. Not any more.  The people that work there are friendly and efficient,but it seems to me like they aren't treated very well.    It looks as if they work in fear of losing their jobs.  It just feels cheap.
4 We eat here every once in awhile and with a weluvlocals coupon it seems like a no-brainer.    Started with the bucket of beer and Hot Maryland shrimp.  Since we were ordering three beers and an appetizer anyway this is really the way to go.  It's like getting the shrimp for $6 if you do the math.  There was a generous helping of shrimp, good sized ones to.  The broth they come in is a mite salty so don't plan on eating (drinking?) that.  For entees three of us split red beans and rice (fire that up a notch if you like the beans spicy) and the Bouillibasse.  Contrary to another writers experience the dinner rolls were light and fluffy and there was no problem when we asked for more.  Might depend on the time of day?  Or just luck?  Have to say it is a bit noisy in here.  Anyway, the overall experience was pleasant and the food good.  After the $20 off coupon our dinner was $34 for three of us.  In the words of Arnie:  I'll be back!
4 I was skeptical because ... seafood in Nevada? Hmm..  Well, it was yummy. We ordered a bowl of the jambalaya and a bowl of cioppino (which was enough for 4 people, oops!)  The cioppino was a lot more thick than I would usually eat it, but it was amazing. So many good flavours in that bowl. I didn't even have to eat it with the rice they served on the side, all by itself was good. The jambalaya was another hit, too. It was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  The service was fine. They were busy and were accommodating as well. No bones there.
4 My guy and I had a great experience here.  It's a small restaurant but I liked the atmosphere.  We sat next to the waterfalls and I loved the sounds.  The waitress Oliva was a gem.  Very attentive without being overbearing and she was relaxed and friendly.  One of the chefs (I think his name was Andrew) came out and brought us two gigantic chocolate dipped strawberries at no charge.  Said he was experimenting with them and might put them on the menu.  He chatted with us for a bit.  Nice guy!  I read that someone complained about the rolls but I thought they were excellent.  Had a sourdough flavor and were just chewy enough.  I had the salmon and it was exceptional.  It believe it was poached and was served with rice (good) in a bowl with some broth in the bottowm.  The fish was melt in your mouth good.  The portion was large.  I couldn't finish it all.  My guy had the cioppino and really enjoyed ti.  We live on the other side of town but I do believe we'll be wandering back there some day.
5 Don't be put off by the fact that it is in a casino. I end up in Henderson from time to time. The guys I work with laugh cuz I could eat here every day and night.   The jambalaya is off the hook. The Etouffee' is rockin'. I think the chef's name is Kevin. Same guy as 4 years ago. He puts together a delectable combination. I did not know you could select a spice level, I wish the server had told me. At least now YOU know.
3 House Pan Roast was delicious.   Only bad thing is when we were leaving we overheard a couple telling the hostess  That they were sick & coming out both ends nonstop.  Eeek.  So far so good !!
3 My wife sought nourishment in a bowl of Manhattan clam chowder while I opted for a lumberjack sized portion of red beans and rice that was loaded with Andouille sausage.  Both were satisfying.
5 I love this place! I am a food snob and I have to say this place rocks! I love, love, love the snow crab dinner they have there and the New England clam chowder is the best in town. We eat there at lease twice a week cause I need to feed the craving. I have to add the reason we go back time and time again has a lot to do with the staff. I want to give a big thank you to Kevin, Julian, Chito and Olivia for always making our visit wonderful!
4 YAM! I love their bouillabaisse! About 3 yrs ago my BF was here for a convention and I had lunch here.  I love how small this place is, you can see the cooks prepare your food, and the waterfall surrounding the place. We finally had a chance to drive out there this time we where in LV.  The food was just like I remembered it last time, also tried the house pan roast, deeeelish.  The waiter was very nice and not too pushy which I love.   Highly recommend this place =)
5 We were thrilled with the food! The house bake (with linguini, i hate rice) was awesome! Service was EXTREMELY prompt and polite. We overtipped :) i wish more servers would realize that excellent service = better tips. Well be back - AND bring our friends and family!
4 Most of the time when I travel to Las Vegas, I will hit some of the different Station Casinos, but I most definitely try to stop by the Oyster Bar at Sunset Station. I love to sitting on the Bar and watch the cooks prepare my meal.  They bring you a menu and an assorted basket of bread and lavash.   Mmmm ...What should I order ? It's normally for me a toss up between Cioppino or Bouillabaisse with a bowl of rice and a cold glass of chardonnay.   Wow! No matter what I do order it's so delicious and makes my mouth water just thinking about now!  I guess gambling with the Station Casino 'Boarding Pass' Card does payoff. I never end up paying a thing for my meals..FREE..I love It!  The service is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing.  Recommended!
5 This restaurant was great in every capacity!! The service was great, the food was awesome and the drinks were yummy. I had the cioppino and I have never tasted anything like that. It was loaded with all types of seafood and had an excellent well balanced flavor. I will definitely be returning here soon.
5 I LOVE the house gumbo at this place.  It's one of my top 10 Vegas meals.  The service is great, they will remember you and your order after you go a few times.  The house gumbo has lobster, crab and shrimp for only $18.  And, it's a huge bowl, a great value.  They can mess with the spice level if you ask, I always get level 7 which is hot but doesn't make my mouth hurt.  Highly recommend any station casino oyster bar.
5 What the hell? This was my second meal of my trip and i am starting to have faith in hotel/casino restaurants. I had the gumbo while my friend has the etoufee. Rich flavors in my gumbo, great level of spice and i could even do it spicier but I'll let the chef choose what he feels is right. the richness as it coated my mouth with the beautiful flavors of seafood was a great way to get my eyes rolling backward in Ecstasy. this will have to be a usual spot for me to return to because even right now I'm craving some gumbo.
3 Signature pan roast is pretty good! The oysters were not so fresh.... =(   I've been coming here for so many years, but the quality of the oysters have been going downhill.... I'll have to find a new gem. Any suggestions?
4 Still a great hidden gem! If you're looking for good seafood, without having to hit the Strip.. this is the place  My husband and I were without the kids, and needed to eat near the Galleria.  Before kids we went to the Oyster Bar which we loved. So we decided to head back after 10 years.   Still the same great service and food!   We were immediately greeted and told to sit anywhere we would like, I choose the bar next to the cooking pots. The aroma coming out of the pots was wonderful. Clearly whet my appetite.   We looked over the menu, which had all of your favorite seafood selections. We were up in the air between the Cioppino or Boullabaisse. Both looked and smelled delicious. After having a side salad, which was large we went with the Boullabaisse.  Lots of seafood - Clams, Mussels, Crab, Shrimp and chunks of white fish, swimming in a flavorful saffron broth filled with leaks and onions. YUM!  Couple of beers & wine, our meal was complete!   Only drawback, the clams were a bit gritty.. but that can happen...  Glad we went and need to go back sooner than 10 years from now.
4 Fantastic, fresh oysters! I also ordered the Linguini with clams and the bananas foster for dessert and everything was excellent!
4 You can find standard oyster platters elsewhere, but the kettle specialties here are... well, the specialty, with distinct regional flavors and good seafood. Get one of the kettle specialties and some peel-and-eat shrimp for big servings of big flavor. You can customize the spice level (1-10) and you can choose what seafood you'd like to have in the dish. It'd probably be best to share an order, or be prepared to take some home! The bowls are not incredibly fancy, and they're not any less delicious for that; it's all warm, comforting, filling food.   The establishment is a bit small and not quite spacious or well-lit enough to be comfortable, but the service makes up for that. The staff are incredibly attentive and friendly despite busy evenings, and they give good, honest advice on the menu. Take advantage of the mini culinary show; the chefs and cooks prepare the food in a little area at the center of the bar, which is a great touch. It's too bad the place is a bit cramped; with such colorful food and people, it'd be nice to see and hear a little better in there, but the flavors are still worth the visit.
4 I really enjoyed my first time here.  The atmosphere is almost pure brilliance, with small waterfalls surrounding the cave exterior that you can enjoy while you eat at the simple white table clothed seating areas.    While it is located within Sunset Station casino, you don't feel like you're just shoved into the corner of a smokey casino.  This place does a great job of making you feel like you are at a restaurant all of it's own.  Friendly service, and just great food.  I'd highly recommend ordering the pan roast, it's well worth the price.  Great undeniable flavor and its very filling.  The chefs also make the food right in plain view at the bar, where there is also seating.  Take yourself a date, enjoy the candle light and waterfalls, and have a great night at dinner.
5 I love this place for decent priced seafood in Las Vegas.  I use to come here as a kid and I always get the same thing.  A cup of the New England clam chowder and 1lb of the peel and eat shrimp, cold. The shrimp is always delicious and fresh tasting and there is a ton of clams in the chowder.  I enjoy sitting at the bar to watch them make pasta dishes and what not.
3 We decided to dine at the Oyster Bar on a Wednesday when seniors are charged  1/2 points.  My wife ordered the crab pan roast while opted for the cioppino.  One would expect to find crab legs in the pan roast, but there were just shreds of crab meat.  Meanwhile my cioppino contained a copious amount of seafood including the aforementioned missing split crab legs, mussels, white fish and clams in a delicious, slightly spicy tomato based broth.
5 One of my new favorite places to eat, have been here everyweek this month, my favorite is the shrimp linguine and clam clowers my husbands eats the boillebesse and some oysters he also loves it. Take cook right at the bar. The guys there are super friendly.  I forgot to mention has delicious the banana foster is, but i would ask for the ice cream on the side.  This will be place we frequently visit..
4 Wednesdays for seniors means  1/2 point dining at Stations Casinos so we made our way to Sunset Station's oyster bar.  The restaurant was near capacity, but we managed to find 2 seats at the counter.  My wife ordered bouillabaisse while I chose the cioppino. The primary difference between these 2 stews is the broth with mine being pommodoro-based and hers seafood enhanced by saffron. Both included unusually large shrimp, New Zealand mussels, white fish, a mahogany clam or two, and small crab legs. We were not tempted by the accompanying rice or dinner rolls.
1 The rolls were soggy and drinks overpriced... it ruined the crappy crab cocktail I ordered.  The steamed clams were like RUBBER, galvanized for riding in the desert with hot asphalt roads.  I found no value, nor food quality.
5 Amazing Gumbo Level 6!!!!! and i do not like gumbo. My friend made me try and i will never regret it, lol. I went back again just before leaving vegas. #Yummmy #Must Try!!!!
1 Great food but the service here absolutely sucks! We were about to walk out tonight after waiting at least 10 minutes to order drinks...them another 5 minutes to get them. People were being seated and walking out because they were being ignored. Sunset Station is a dump these days. Service here has always been lousy and its only getting worse.
5 Located in the heart of Sunset Station, the self titled Oyster Bar promises a unique Louisiana Creole style dining experience unfamiliar to the Henderson neighborhood of Las Vegas.  After our third time, we still can't get enough!  Although a full dining room is available, the best seats in the house are at the bar top.  The bartenders are also your chefs; definitely adding to the visual appeal.  The drink menu is minimal and wine and beer offerings are basic, but Oyster Bar's true identity comes from their amazing Cajun cuisine.  Our first time there I ordered the Seafood Jambalaya.  It seemed pricey at $20, especially for being at a venue off the strip, but I was assured I wouldn't be disappointed.  After taking my order, the bartender/chef gave me an opportunity to select a level of heat from 1 to 10.  I've always loved places that gave spice level options.  I know I like things a lot spicier than most people and adding spice after the fact just doesn't always do the dish justice.  After I responded with "8 please", the chef set to work right in front of our eyes.    All of their dishes are made to order right in front of you.  Not quite hibachi style, but close enough to thoroughly entertain.  After a few minutes, our dishes were set in front of us and I immediately saw where that $20 went!  Having been used to dry, mediocre versions of southern food in Virginia I didn't have too high of expectations - I was proved wrong!  Loaded with lobster, crab, shrimp, mussels, clams and sausage, it amazes me they make any money at all at the $20 price.  Everything was fresh and cooked perfectly!  I remember thinking that the food had to be somewhat decent for the place to be centered in a larger casino.  Decent was definitely an understatement; it was quite possibly the best Jambalaya I've ever had.  The service was great and the ambiance was fitting.  If you're looking for a place to have a great cocktail or something cheap, Oyster Bar is not for you.  However, if great Creole food is what you're in the mood for, outside of New Orleans, I've seen no better!
5 Seriously one of the best oyster bars I have ever visited. The quality of the food is amazing, always fresh and fast service. The menu is short and to the point. Our favorite oyster variety here are the NY oysters. They're cleaned and shucked properly. Nothing is worse than a sandy oyster, it won't happen here!  We have been here about four times now and with each visit it just gets better. The clam chowder is delicious. Our favorite entree is the pan roast. It's a huge bowl (enough for two people to easily share) of jasmine rice, seafood broth and either lobster, crab, shrimp or all 3.   The bill was Roughly $75, this included 3 beers, flask chowder, a dozen oysters and a pan roast.  There's another oyster bar at fiesta station that's open 24 hours, but there's always a 2 hour line. This location closes at 10:30 (early for us las vegans) but there's never a wait so it's worth the drive.   Happy eating :-)
4 This review is strictly based off the quality of food and the service. Here we go!!!!!!  So I've been craving Pan Roast ever since I tried it at PALACE STATION. Being that I get off work around 1:30pm, I knew the line would be........ -_- lol. Let's just say "ain't nobody got time for that" on an empty stomach! I searched and searched and stumbled upon the Oyster Bar at Sunset Station. Well what do you know?!?!?! It's only 10 minutes from my job and the food looks just as good. The reviews are solid so I thought I'd give it a try.  I enter the bar to find there are about 4 people here. One guy is scarfing down the Pan Roast and I notice to ice cream scoops of rice! Jackpot maybe???? I get greeted pretty warmly and ask the gentleman would he prefer the pan roast or jambalaya. He recommended the jambalaya but that's not what I came here for buddy! I decided to go with my mind and got the combo pan roast with lobster, shrimp, and crab with a spice level of 8.   The Good: -Service was extremely fast -The portion is huge with 2 scoops of rice -Slightly cheaper than Palace Station by a few bucks  The Bad: -The flavor was slightly lacking the "it" factor -This is not Palace Station!!!!!!!!!!!  I'm going to conclude by being 100% honest. The food was not bad. In fact it exceeded expectations but...... When you try the Pan Roast at the Palace Station you'll know that it is light years ahead of this one. At first bite I was like f**k yeah!!!! But you slowly start to notice the difference as you continue to stuff your pie hole. I'd definitely come back here if I dread the wait over at Palace but in my eyes, it's worth every second, minute, and hour!
5 This seafood restaurant was quite the surprising dining experience one evening for me and some friends. We ordered the combination boil and shared it (there was definitely enough food for several of us). I returned a few weeks later for the seafood etouffe and it was amazing as well. Honestly, it is some of the best seafood I've had, and the fact that it is so close to me at Sunset Station makes it that much better. I like sitting up at the bar and you get to watch them make all of the food. My only complaint is that the bar chairs seem too far from the actual bar so you have to sit up and lean forward quite a bit while eating. We also had oyster shooters which were surprisingly cheap, they had a special if you bought three if I remember correctly. The overall pricing was actually surprisingly reasonable as well (especially if you gamble at sunset, they frequently send $10 off $20 purchase coupons which make it VERY reasonably priced. Can't wait to go back and try more of their food!
5 What is this thing people keep mentioning about ? Pan Roast?  I found out at THIS oyster bar (since it was closer and I've read both mixed reviews about the one at Palace Station) that it was a HUGE bowl of tomato-butter soupy heaven with two scoops of rice and a good amount of seafood (as we ordered the combination)  My BF ordered the Jumbalaya which had a thicker texture and more flavors. We also got a half dozen of oysters, which had somewhat put my mouth on fire as we were sampling the different types of hot sauces they had on the table. The service was quick since there were only about 4 other parties.   My Fave pan roast place so far with the restaurant decor as well since they had a waterfall right next to us and it was kind of romantic :)
5 Finally tried the oyster shots my friend kept speaking of....yeah I've been missing out man. Who would think it was this good?! at a great price 3 for 10$ your choice vodka or tequila, yours truly got the tequila oyster shots. We added some more lime juices and Tabasco (we like things to be spicy) and freaking awesomeness in my mouth x3 and then ordered another set. definitely something to try here and i need to return to try other stuff. you will get a lil buzz especially if you order a beer. and the service was excellent!!
4 Before going into the Oyster Bar, I started to sniff the air right when I entered the casino near the restaurant to see if I smelled THAT fish smell. Anyone who has eaten seafood knows that concerning fish smell which serves as a warning to all of us to NOT eat from this establishment or you will be praying at the porcelain bowl for the next two days. However, I smelled nothing but seafood joy coming from Oyster Bar, so we went right in and started looking at their menu.  I like Oyster Bar's menu because it isn't 18 pages long (a la Cheesecake Factory). One page of food, one page of booze, and we are good to go. I informed the server of my gluten allergy, and he was very careful and checked with the chefs (who work in an open kitchen two feet away from the tables)to make sure I could eat the dish. To play it safe, I got the House Combo Boil (Louisiana Style), and I was very surprised at how good it was. Sometimes Boils can be overly seasoned and are easily overcooked, but this one? Perfectly cooked, and seasoned in every way, The mussels were a decent size, and the crab and lobster were still tender and delicious.  My husband got the Cajun Peel and Eat Shrimp, and WOW. I could eat that all day long. I could have easily eaten a pound of that shrimp, amidst the pain of peeling each individual shrimp, happily on any day of the week. Once again, perfectly seasoned, great sauce and cooked just the way I like it. We also took two oyster shooters each which made us both intensely happy.  Now if you're a seafood snob and come here you may comment that the seafood isn't as good as let's say Maine, RI, etc. However, you're off the Strip in a locals casino. Take it for what it is, enjoy the good service, very friendly chefs and delicious, fair-priced food that will satisfy most of our palettes. Also, who doesn't love cheesy lighted waterfalls and people watching?
5 Every time I eat here, I leave impressed with the quality, quantity and taste of my meal.  Their whole steam kettle cooking system affords them an opportunity to cook that you only get with steam - and the results have always been impressive.  My favorite is the Mediterranean Salmon - I know of no other restaurant where it comes out so juicy and flavorful.  Mix in the juice with the rice and --wow-- on my list of top favorites for sure.  I've had several other dishes here and each one was truly great - as is the Clam Chowder soup.
5 so I've been hearing a lot of good things about station casinos Oyster bars and been wanting to try it out. My fiancé and I finally made the trip to the sunset location. As we walk in the place was already packed but gladly there was two open spots at the bar. We were greeted right away by Darrel and took our drink orders. He also cooked our food infront of us which was very cool. I had the fra diablo pasta, dozen oysters and she had the crab pan roast. Oysters were fresh, my pasta was well cooked but that pan roast...OMG that pan roast was so good! I can't stop thinking about it and she even dreamed about it lol. It was that good. I'll be coming here more often just for this. we topped off the night with bananas fosters which was perfect to cleanse the palate. overall great experience. My only complain is dirty menus and they have there bus tub of dirty dishes facing customers for everyone to see while dining but I don't care for that lol as long as they have good food.
5 So good, I had a dream about it!  LOL  We were expecting a long wait, but we came around 730pm and sat ourselves right at the bar!  We ordered a dozen oysters, Crab Pan Roast, and a Shrimp & Lobster Fra Diavolo. Paired it with Arrogant Bastard Ale & a glass of moscato!  They were generous with the crab meat in my Pan Roast and it was just a bowl of creamy, tomato-y, crabby goodness!  I also loved their moscato, which completed my dinner!  We've definitely been missing out!  I can't wait to come back and try a Pan Roast with shrimp, crab AND lobster! Mmm..
4 Took my wife here on a date.  It's a great place for it.  I had a dozen raw gulf oysters that were excellent and FRESH.  The gumbo was also great but it has a shload of slimey okra in it which I wasn't to keen on.  I like okra, just not that much in quantity in one sitting.  It was loads to eat, I couldn't finish the gumbo because I was so full.  My wife loved the shrimp as well.  I will happily return soon.
3 Having been to the location at Palace Station, I knew what to expect for the flavors and quality of the food, and boy, was I NOT disappointed! The freshness of the oysters is undisputed, and the cioppino (my first time ordering it--I usually get the pan roast) was divine! You even get a sweet little bowl of rice on the side so that the cioppino doesn't get mixed with it like the pan roast can do.  So why the 3 stars, you ask? Simply, the service. When I went in on a busy Sunday evening, there were a couple of places at the bar that were empty but had piles of dishes on them, waiting to be cleaned. (Understandable, but at Palace Station, these are cleaned up almost immediately.) I sat in the one empty, clear seat, and looked over the menu. I placed my order for oysters and cioppino and read while I waited. While I understand that the staff were extra busy at that moment (it seems like they had 5 different patrons, including myself, order a dozen oysters), bringing beverages and the rolls should have happened within my first few minutes of sitting down. The gentleman beside me kept having to wait for his beverage to be refilled, and then he sat there for ages waiting to pay. When his check finally came, he had to wait again to ask for a pen because he wasn't given one. I, meanwhile, never even received the glass of water that I asked for, and the order of oyster shooters that I placed never came. This sort of oversight wouldn't have happened if they had an adequate amount of staff, I believe. The few cooks and servers working there are simply too busy to handle the volume of patrons that eat at their establishment! While I was happy to see that this Oyster Bar was larger than the one at Palace Station, I feel the staff they have working at the latter is much more attentive and on top of their game.  That being said, the location is much nearer to my home, so I'll definitely give this place another chance. Maybe I came on a bad night! I'd still recommend this place for the food--just don't expect to be quickly on your merry way after your meal.
4 I've been coming to this fine establishment for about 4 years now when I need some time away from the missus (lol) and i've always ordered the Oysters which are very good, especially when I pair it with a glass of wine. Their combination pan roast which I just tried recently is excellent despite its $20 price tag. The staff is friendly, the cooks are good and the ambiance is cool. The Oyster Bar in Sunset Station - check it out!
5 I don't just hand out 5 star reviews. ESPECIALLY after only one visit. But I have absolutely not a single doubt that I will be back for this incredibly fresh seafood. AND I DON'T EVEN EAT OYSTERS! We came on a Saturday night, and luckily since there was a fight going on, there was NO WAIT!! (note taken: come on fight night) After reading a ton of reviews, I pretty much had my heart set on the Signature Pan Roast with shrimp crab and lobster at about level 8 spice level, long before my arrival. But I also got a cup of New England style chowder first. Other than being along the coast in Oregon or Washington, best I have had!  This clam chowder was thick, with HUGE amounts of clams. Exactly what I expected.  My bf got the shrimp scampi, and the stepson went with the Bouillabaisse. It literally had one of everything in there! Like a big fish stew! Even the sourdough rolls they brought to the table were great. And watching the chef cook your food, as well as others is the best part!  My boyfriend is semi allergic to shrimp, and he still wanted to return for one of those beautiful lobsters. The spice in the pan roast was perfection, however next time I will get one scoop of rice instead of two. It soaks up the spice which I am sure most people usually love. The chunks of crab and lobster were full of flavor! It will be hard for me to order anything else.  The service was great, and in a casino you can't always expect that. Overall a wonderful place for good seafood and fresh shellfish!
4 My wife ordered the crab pan roast.  Though the brandy, tomato and cream based pan roast was tasty, it was slightly disappointing because the crab was shredded.  Also, the 2 large scoops of rice were overkill.  I fared better with the bouillabaisse that contained generous portions of white fish, clams, small crab legs and mussels in a light tomato and saffron broth. What species of white fish they use falls under the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy.  I also received a side order of rice which I barely touched along with the industrial rolls w/butter.  Wednesday is senior day at Station Casinos so we were only charged half points.
4 Honestly for a casino restaraunt it is great! Fresh, large oysters, great pan roast, hot, spicy jambalaya but the thing that really gets 4 stars is their bananas foster. It is my favorite dessert and I have had it all over the world and this is top 3 best ever! It comes in a huge bowl and it is absolutely delicious!!! Order it!
5 Combo pan roast is the best thing I've tasted in my life lol. It never disappoints me. I like this location because of the water fall, and of course there's always great seating with no long waits.
3 First time ever  being here... Food was amazing! Though it's neat to watch the experience of them making your food in front of you, something's may ruin your appetite... I saw a few cross contamination things going on, no use of gloves , touching non food items with your hands then back on the lettuce while prepping a salad, and the worst was we sat in front of the soup containers and one of the waitresses dished out soup and a few minutes later came back and poured it back into the large soup container ! Knowing that I will never try or eat the soup here! That fact that it was done is bad enough but to do it in front of guest with no shame is just disgusting!
4 For me this is THE PLACE to go for delicious Manhattan Style clam chowder. Just the right amount of spice, meaty clams, and a great tomato base. The food is tasty every time I come here and the waiter with the arm band covering his tattoos is quite friendly. This last time I went the chef behind the bar seemed a bit distant, but hey you cant be Mister Rogers all the time right? High quality food found in an off strip casino is a rare find, enjoy it!
