4 The Scottsdale Green Belt is a paved walking and bike path that I've been spending a lot of time on since our move to Old Town Scottsdale.  Minnie and I take our morning and evening walks on the Green Belt and sometimes, we'll even run or walk all the way to the dog park via the Green Belt!  There's something special about taking a nice long walk, run, or ride on the Green Belt; especially when the sun is shining, the golfers are out, and the fresh air fills your lungs...  Just watch out, because some people on the Green Belt are very serious about their activities.  You'll want to adhere to proper Green Belt Etiquette and stay to the right side of the trail so that others can pass with you without having to scream "on your left" or honk their loud obnoxious bike horns at you to get out of their way!
4 I'm surprised with how peaceful the Green Belt is!  I just moved to "Old Town" and it's totally my favorite part of the move!!! I've been running soo much more!
5 The best gym Scottsdale tax payers can buy!  I decided to forgo my membership to the ASU gym this summer since I was always so creeped out by the matrix-ness of that gym-everybody plugged into their tvs right in front of them, so that when I would take out my ear plugs, all I heard were the whirring sounds of treadmills and silence-deadly quiet. Gave me the chills.  I decided my favorite activity is to ride the Green Belt-and since I do it either early in the morning or after 7:30, why not focus on that this summer?   I take the route from the bridge at Rio Salado (cross at the Marque and enter from the road behind it) and ride it to Scottsdale Civic Center. I have always been impressed by the hills, the characters I see, the water, the grass, I hate watching the golfers just use up so much of our water but then again I like to ride over a huge lake in the desert, so who is more in denial? I have rode as far at Indian School, but not further (probably b/c I can't think of lunch places or places near enough I could stop by exhausted and smelling and red).  It can be frustrating when children waddle, or frisbees lurch into your path, or skateboards come from nowhere, or dogs all of sudden run in front of your bike. So please heed Gabi's advice and stay to the right please-and watch all the wee ones and pups that don't know better! I try not to use my annoying bike horn, but its either annoying bike horn or I run over your toddler! I do wish the path was a little wider for this reason.  Also, if interested in trying out the bike ride with a group of safe riders and getting a bite to eat, you can join the C.R.A.P. riders at 7:30pm every Tuesday night where a group commences to ride the Green Belt to the Orange Table for food and buck off delicious micro-brewed beers. They have been doing it for almost 3 years now!  Here is more info on that ride and others that do the Green Belt: http://www.biketempe.org/?page_id=4  Happy Pedaling!
5 The Scottsdale Greenbelt is one of the most impressive array of parks in the valley. The multiple mile long paved walking / biking path is a haven for riders and joggers alike. The string of fabulous parks serves as both a phenomenal flood basin, and a fantastic community centerpoint.   I love riding my bike or running down the paved road numerous times a week. It's one of the city's best accomplishments. The Scottsdale Green Belt brings two sides of a city into a whole, and provides the cities of Scottsdale and Tempe a beautiful green space complimented by an excellent multi-use path.
5 Silly greenbelt, how can I not give you 5 stars and a "woohoo"?! Escaping from the smoggy and not-so-pedestrian/biker-friendly streets, I enjoy many a run and bike through this pseudo-paradise. No, Arizona shouldn't naturally have little lakes and rolling green hills for mile after mile....but...as the environmentalist in me tsk tsks...I always appreciate a park... and have to love this nice gem of an oasis.
4 This long series of interconnected parks that runs along the Indian Bend Wash is a good reason for me to buy a bike. Here you have a bike path that runs many miles, lots of grass, trees, a stream that connects several ponds frequented by various wading birds, a challenging skateboard area, and other recreational features - most notably disc golf areas. I haven't heard of disc golf until I came here and a disk golfer yelled "Fore!" at me because I was blocking the path of his frisbee disc while I was trying to photograph the wading and diving birds in one of the ponds (oh yeah - see the pics I took ... woohoo!) This place is quite a schlepp from where I live, but it's worth the drive because I love the scenery here ... and I have a lot of fun using my push scooter on part of the extremely long bike path. I said part, because the bike path runs about 25 miles each way. Eventually I'll get around to buying that bike.
5 we live right on this spectacular jewel, in a section that runs through/near old town. quite possibly the greatest thing about living here. i can ride my bike to work at scottsdale healthcare at shea, we ride our bikes to happy hours in tempe, and to eat decadent b-fasts at chompies, walk our dog here and let her run loose on the golf course (after hours of course). we run and exercise or take leisurely walks and picnics here. all the while in no fear of getting run over and passing by so many beautiful lakes, parks, and ponds. it is just so cool....and relaxing. and it's awesome to see people out and about enjoying the fantastic weather in arizona. just be careful....there's a couple of sections near continental golf course that is prone to stray golf balls...."FORE".
5 OK, I've lived here 5 years and never heard of the Scottsdale Green Belt. One day while searching yelp for biking trails I came across the this place. I searched to find where to start, where to stop.   We've tried the first part of the "greenbelt" starting at 92nd St. and Shea and rode our bikes to Chaparral Park and back. What a nice way to spend a Sunday morning.   The second time we started at Chaparral Park and took it to Tempe Town Lake where we stopped, watched the boats, enjoyed a light snack and headed back. We had so much fun.   I must tell you I am so disappointed it took me this long to find this place. I love it and can't wait to get out again.
5 If you live in the area, you must experience this.  A paved pedestrian/bicycle path that follows along Hayden Road as it winds it way by several parks, man made lakes, golf courses, and schools. A lot of local condos and houses have easy access to it. Pre and Post work hours you'll find quite a few people out walking, roller skating, biking, walking their dogs, fishing, jogging, ultimate frisbee and the usual park things. Did I forget any?  If you know where you're going it can take you anywhere in the Scottsdale area. Below is a list of possible places you can get to from it (and I know I go cycling up and down it):  If you have any questions about biking or hiking around Scottsdale, feel free to message me. I am a big supporter of the Greenbelt!
4 Recently scored two cruisers on Craig's list or Ebay or one of those internet sites I hardly use because I feel like I am going to get murdered.  Now I can relive my childhood and ride bikes around Scottsdale.  Only problem is I haven't actually been on a bike since childhood.  Yes, I totally biffed it on a curb my first time out.  This is why I only give the green belt 4 stars.  Way too many people walking in fours and fives along the path and they never get out of your way.  They literally just stand there.  Does no one have any damn manners?  I have to slow down to a stop and say excuse me three times before someone pays attention.  I'm getting a horn installed on my cruiser.  Contrary to the way I sound I am actually quite courteous.  It's just that I suck and may fall into you if you refuse to get out of my way.    I highly enjoy the green belt.  Riding my cruiser through the shade of large trees, dodging ducks and dogs, and feeling the cool breeze of the springtime makes me feel like I'm in Southern California.  The green belt makes me happy.  Literally, it's a natural mood enhancer.
5 I LOVE the Scottsdale Greenbelt!  I've lived in Old Town Scottsdale for 6 years now, and I truly love our community.  The Scottsdale Greenbelt is a fixture which represents how beautiful and peaceful it is here.  There are many great people who enjoy it on a regular basis, and I always enjoy meeting friendly people.   I'm a professional dog walker, so I walk the Greenbelt nearly every day.  If you see me, feel free to say hello.  I don't bite, and neither do the dogs I walk.  People rollerblade, dog walk, ride bikes, skateboard, run, play disc golf, etc....  There is so much to do here and I appreciate it very much.  Sorry if I sound a little cheesy, I'm just passionate about our community.  CONS - There are many homeless people who camp out around the Greenbelt area as it runs into Tempe.  Be careful.  Not sure what the Politically Correct terminology is anymore, Bums? Transients?  Homeless?  I've heard of a few muggings at night.  Anyway, if you spend a lot of time on the Greenbelt you will run into them.  Once, while dogwalking, I saw a guy showering in the sprinklers.
4 From fall through spring the Greenbelt is the best place for a bike ride, jog, rollerblade, Frisbee golf or just some good old people watching!   I have lived along the green belt for over 3 years... moved twice but my home selection criteria included two things "Pool & within  1/2 mile of the greenbelt".   Once you've been spoiled with it, it's a hard amenity let go.   There is water along the path, so you don't need to carry any with you.  On the weekends there are tons of activities and people so if you're going for a long run, it really helps to kill the time.   There is also a small skateboard park, around Thomas which is pretty entertaining.   The path extends from the Papago park area in Tempe all the way to Central/North Scottsdale, so it's great for bike riding if you want to avoid the street lights. Just watch out for pedestrians and dogs!
5 I am a golfer, so when trying to decide where to have a second home, first and foremost I considered golf courses. But as I explored different cities, I came back to the realization that I wasn't going to be golfing every minute of every day, so I had to consider other activities. Arts and culture, sports teams, zoos, gardens, restaurants and yes, exercise.  Visiting Scottsdale, as one of the potential cities, I became enthralled with the green belt, and its possibilities.    As a result, I bought a place directly on the green belt.  And it was the best decision I could have made. I use it on a daily basis, whether for walking, biking, spending time on it with visiting families and their children, and yes, even practicing golfing (using plastic balls). I also get to play with the dogs that are visiting the green belt with their owners, without the bother of owning one. It is a great place to take small children for a stroll, or to help them learn to ride their bikes and their scooters, to hit and catch balls, or generally just to play.   It is also great place to sit, have coffee or a cool drink, and people watch - and uniformly, most of the people are friendly.   Yes, there are some that take their activities a little to seriously, and are offended by little ones, dogs and distractions being in their way. But for the most part, they pay attention, and handle the inconvenience nicely or at least without saying anything rude.  Now, when people come to visit, the thing they like best about Scottsdale is the green belt and all of the different activities it provides.  It is something the City can be proud of.
5 The Scottsdale Green Belt is one of my favorite parts of living and selling real estate in Scottsdale!  The section between Thomas and McDowell has a Boys and Girls Club, one of the city's three public pools, several fishing lakes, a few playgrounds and grassy fields, and a concrete skate park, all connected by paved walking/biking paths.
5 I moved to Scottsdale from Tempe a year ago to be closer to work. I already knew what neighborhood I wanted to be in but absolutely fell in love with my apartment when I saw the view we have of the Scottsdale Green Belt. This green belt has everything from little ponds to go fishing in to a small water play park for kids, it even has a small skate park. The green belt is also perfect for picnics and parties. You can reserve tables for a small fee and buy a booze permit for an even smaller fee. This last Easter I counted 12 individual parties parked under every tree on the greenbelt. And that was just what I could see from my apartment! But the reason I love the green belt is because it goes from McKellips all the way north past Indian School. From my apartment I could bike directly to the Fresh&Easy on Thomas and Hayden. And I mean directly! The green belt bike path takes you right to their front door. I also took this bike path straight to work. If I wasn't moving out of state I would definitely continue to live near this green belt.
5 The Green Belt makes me wish so bad that I knew how to ride a bike. I used to fall of my tricycle as a kid, but thats another story. This place has an awesome relaxed, peaceful vibe. Great for a jog, for walking your pup, or for a picnic date. It goes on for miles, and makes for great sunrise/sunset views.  I've seen a couple creepers here & there, but nothing that would keep me from coming back.
5 Easy access to the Scottsdale Green Belt is one of the reasons we purchased our home in Gainey Ranch. This is by far the most beautiful and peaceful places to walk or bike in the Phoenix area. You pass beautiful homes, golf courses, parks, mountain views and a few restaurants that you can stop in at for a quick bite to eat. I feel completely safe on it. Beautiful sunrise and sunset views.
5 I'm in town for the month and am lucky to have found this awesome jogging trail. Nice man-made lakes, golf course, parks, and scenery.
3 Nice trail for running and you'll feel safe b/c there's a ton of other runners there. The only thing i dont like about this place is their lake is so dirty and attracts a lot of mosquitoes, especially gnats. I hate running into a swarm of gnats. Best to bring some insect repellent.
5 I biked the entire thing today! OMG I loved it! I started at the Mustang Library and went to Curry and Miller. Had a cereal bar and turned around. I did it on my mountain bike and had fun. It's the longest ride i've ever done. It goes through multiple parks and golf courses. Plenty of good looking women (i'm a guy) and nice people to wave to you. I had a great time. This is a hidden treasure in the Valley. Much nicer than biking on canal paths!
4 I live on the green belt in old town and I have to say we are lucky to have it - miles and miles of parks, lakes, golf, dog parks, restaurants, and beautiful scenery all stitched together by a well maintained bike and walking path.
5 I'm from California, and have traveled. Great cities, large and small, tend to have perks like this;  Scottsdale is blessed to have a greenbelt - not all cities have one, so don't take it for granted!  I've been anywhere from Paris to Farmington, New Mexico, and there is a lot to be said to have been able to find some sort of public trail, or path, provided to the community for running, bicycling, etc.  Considering it's hot, and there's so much grass in the city parks, and especially the greenbelt, there is money spent here to ensure that they look nice and well-maintained.   I ran from Earlle to Chaparral Park and back. It's all paved, is all green, and including the parks that the greenbelt links to, there are a coupla small lakes/ponds,  You see runners and bicyclists, and walkers of all ages. This is a good sign in urban planning - that anybody feels like they can use the path safely.  There were a coupla times in which you couldn't avoid the street, however, the most important thing here is that they designed it with as little or no interruption as possible by using pedestrian bridges and underways (that go underneath  aroad) in most other places.
5 I love this park to death. Growing up one of my favorite drives was down Hayden since it was so green and had nice lakes to look at, sports fields full of people, ramadas full of celebrating.   Now I live in an apartment close by and the green belt may influence where I buy my next home. I have never rode it past Camelback Rd but I understand you can take this all the way up to North Scottsdale. I have taken it from south all the way to Tempe Town Lake and beyond.   It just amazes me the trail system metro Phoenix has. It really is underestimated. There are miles and miles of beautiful parks along the Scottsdale Green Belt that it's a no brainier if your planning an outdoor family event this is the place to do it. Even challenge some of your friends to bike to your event so they can get hooked on the awesomeness of this.   So if enjoy the outdoors or doing anything outdoors, look into making a visit to this place.
5 I found out about this neat stretch of paved biking/skating/moonwalking/you choose road and took it on as a bit of a challenge accepted thing, as it sounded a little too good to be true (12 miles of pretty much uninterrupted, not pot hole ridden or cracked pavement? I was skeptical, but I love a good bike ride) It doesn't disappoint at all, and not only is it a slick ride, it passes through a handful of parks and lovely scenic areas that are loaded with trees so you're not constantly in the sun (If you go at 2 pm... in the summer, which I did) and let me just tell you I channeled my inner little kid every time one of the hills came up for an underpass- had a blast and plan on doing it at least every other week :D As a side note, it's surprisingly barely packed whenever I go, but perhaps I'm missing peak times? I'm usually on it from 8am-10 am and any time after 2pm.  Last point to make- the park near the McDowell/McClintock area is STUNNING- mini lakes and green all around make it a cool hideout from the barren AZ desert landscape.
4 A recent discovery to my home near Biltmore. Drive 6 to 8 minutes and you can have some green in the desert. A little active greenery, if you will. You can go for miles of parks and lakes. A little golf happening. Run or stroll the paths. I like to run in the evening and it's refreshing to feel relatively safe here with all the people around. It's very well maintained and a way to mix up the old gym when it's too hot to go out in the sun generally.. THE reason I do night running outside. Know though before you strap on your ipod and phones into your ear to be in the right lane for good manners of the outdoor athletes.. You may find a bike horn scaring you out of your green serentity.
5 great place for picnics, parties, playing games etc but as a photographer it has never failed me! LOVE Scottsdale greenbelt! great place for everyone!
4 Love me some green belt action!  There's not much to say that hasn't been said already, except for this (and listen carefully):  Do not expect a fun ride a day or so after a storm.  Right around the Indian School underpass it floods a lot, and fish tend to die right near the concrete, so it is super SMELLLLLLLLLLY.  Not the best when you're working out and taking deep breaths!  Otherwise remarkably clean and well kept.  Thanks City of Scottsdale!
5 Love the Green Belt! I've now lived on the very north end as well as the south end, and it's such a perfect trail for bike riding, running, or just a long walk.  On a personal, quirky note, I love that there are lots of "landmarks" I can use while running. You know, "Just make it to that bench and you can take a walk break" or "OK we're gonna sprint until the end of that overpass!" Sounds hokey but it makes me run longer and harder! Big points for a small time runner.  There is definitely lots of traffic all throughout the trail, so stay aware of what's around you (don't blast the iPod up to 11) and stay on the right side of the path so you aren't run over by bikes (or roller blading moms with strollers).   The only negative I've ever found is that after a rain (or after the sprinklers come on), some parts can get muddy and smelly. But those spots are few and far between. I feel super luck to live right on the Green Belt. A desert gem for sure!
5 So much to see and experience curves, grass, water, small hills, great ride to relax and enjoy the AZ winter sun.
5 My favorite place to recreate in the Valley. This truly is the Central Park of Phoenix/Scottsdale, with its 22 miles of trails reaching from Shea down to (and around) Tempe Town Lake (if you include the Tempe trails the Greenbelt is attached to). My one nit to pick is with those who don't know the proper usage of a multi-use trail: stay to the right unless passing, people! I can't count the number of times people jump as if affrighted by a ghost when I call out "passing on your left" and who yank doggies out of the way and freak out...take it easy folks! Just know that on days without inclement or burning-hot weather, there are going to be hundreds of people enjoying the trail - by all sorts of modes of transportation.  See you out soaking up the sun and beauty on the Greenbelt!
5 great place to get out and exercise!!!
5 I love this place! Scottsdale took a totally ugly water flood zone and turned into a straight up awesome strip of land!  You can frolic, you can run, walk, laugh, cry and play!    My dog loves walks, I love bike rides there, and you can even FROLF!!!!
5 Great place to buy a house!
5 I love the Greenbelt! Who doesn't?! It is basically in my backyard now at my new apartment and it's the bomb. You can ride it far north or south, there are always tons of people exercising on it, and there's a lot to look at. There is the golf course, several parks, Tempe Town Lake, etc. It's clean and very accessible and just a super fun means of working out or relaxing. After living right on it, it would definitely be hard to live somewhere that wasn't close to it. Writing this just makes me want to hop on my cruiser and take a ride! Weeeeee
5 This places makes me happy. When in need a moment of beautifulness and great views, grab your bike or running shoes, iPod, and dog and get moving. Love the green and lakes!!
5 Who doesn't love the green belt? Its so awesome!  Always has fantastical looking grass and the pathways are ALWAYS clean to bike, walk, or even skate on. Nice to ride smoothly without any bumps or hoping none of the "bumps" bust a tire on my bike :)  So peaceful!  Family friendly and an easy ride for everyone.  Had many picnics as well.  They provide doggy poop bags to clean up after your dog. Now only if all owners cleaned up. I know I do! But some are still negligent. It is not the land scapers job to pick up dog poop, its their job to keep paths clear and the grass green (green belt) Some also let their dogs off leash (mainly the small dog owners) which is stupid and unsafe. You know who you are -Be responsible.
5 What an incredible gift!!  This is a biking/jogging/walking path that stretches from Scottsdale to Tempe, with lots of clever bypasses for traffic lights and such - you can get out to the road via ramps, but you can also ride parallel without stops.    It's beautiful and so conveniently designed - you can get to all kinds of places without having to brave traffic, and it really feels like you're surrounded by a park rather than close to a major thoroughfare.  It's brilliantly designed.  This city's tax dollars are really being put to good use.  There are always people out riding, walking, jogging, biking, picnicking!  You'll see a little bit of everyone - families, atheletes, old folks, pups.  There are beautifully serene lakes, golf courses, green fields, trees...it's just such a pleasure to bike down the tree-lined paths.    Like Travis B, my husband and I consider living half a mile from the greenbelt to be one of the best things about our current home.  We use it constantly to get around.  But don't take my word for it, get out there and see for yourself!!
4 Absolutely beautiful, I didn't feel that I am living in a desert city. I got a new rollerblades and I went last night and I spend more than an hour enjoying the night, my work out, my music. I'm planning to go almost every night
5 Love this park! Nice, peaceful, and clean! Perfect for walking, jogging, or biking. I work close to this park so it's easy for me to get my jogging on right after work if I don't feel like heading to the gym. People are friendly and always smile and say hello when you pass them by. If you're feeling stress and need a breather, go walk around the Scottsdale Green Belt and get some fresh air. You will get your daily dose of exercise and feel way better! :)
4 Great place to hang out. They have a pretty decent frisbee golf course (although...the first hole is a bastard that sits right behind the lake) and an actual golf course as well. Not to mention probably the best non-mountain biking trail in all of tempe/scottsdale.   When they say 'green' they mean it, and I swear it rains here more often than anywhere else in the valley. Maybe it's just all the water it takes to keep that green grass so, so green.  They have multiple parks, places for children to play, soccer fields, basketball courts, and I'm sure there are other secrets I've yet to discover. It's kind of difficult to run here as it's all cement and not really "meant" for running, but it could work if you aren't running every single day. Be careful riding your bike here at night. If you're like me, you like to go fast and the pedestrians don't really wear lights or anything that I've seen.  Make this a regular destination and you'll be a little happier on the reg.
4 This place was pretty cool. I went on a windy day so some of the holes were difficult, but still worth a visit or two.
