3 Why am I reviewing a chain pizza place? It was only a few years ago now that I was so desperate for marinara sauce that I wandered into Pizza Nova and requested a panzarotti .   The biggest suprise? It was good. Actually, quite good. I can't speak to the quality of the pizza but this is one of the best spots in the plaza.
2 I came here around midnight and they were out of pizza. The cashier/chef has never been very nice and always seems very disengaged.
3 I consider Pizza Nova relatively high-quality pizza chains that are available in Canada. This place in particular, located in the plaza right beside University of Waterloo, is the best pizza place you can go for under a budget.  Generally speaking, their pizzas are great in taste and size. Most of the time they will have pizzas that are freshly out of the oven. If you go at a time where the particular type of pizza you want is not not available, they can make it for you on the fly in about 15min.  In terms of selection of toppings, they've got quite a diversity. You won't find any exotic toppings there, but they've got most of the ordinary ones covered.  One great thing I like about Pizza Nova is their Sunday deal. For the price of ~$15, you get three(3) medium sized pizzas with the toppings of your choice. As a college student, we often find this deal extraordinarily amazing as we often share the 3 mediums among friends, with only $15, again.  On the flip size, non-pizza stuff are not very great there. Things like chicken wings and other stuff tend not to taste like what they should taste like. Thus I generally avoid getting non-pizza stuff there.  So overall I'm very satisfied with Pizza Nova. Their pizzas and pricing are their attractions, yet their non-pizza stuff are the things that prevent me from giving them a higher rating.
4 Franchise pizzas get such a bad rep, I don't quite understand it at all. They're really not that bad. Whenever I crave pizza (not that often), I always go to Pizza Nova.   I don't really go for the deals because I know specifically how I want my pizza. Therefore, I can't speak for the pre-cooked pizzas that have been sitting around for a few hours waiting for people to come and sweep them away at a low price.   I CAN speak for the customized pizzas though. I always order online and pick them up in 20 minutes or so. The pizza is usually done a little earlier, and is piping hot! Certain ingredients are yummier than others, like porchetta, but the most important thing is just knowing how to match the right stuff together.   I've had their wings and lasagna before, but didn't like them as much as the pizza. Get the pizza :)
