3 This Starbucks (located at Power & Broadway in east Mesa) just opened a few months ago. It is located a block from Banner Baywood and Banner Heart hospitals, so they get extremely busy between 0600 and 0730am with hospital employees running in, or using the drive-through, to get their morning dose of caffeine.   Staff members have been great during each of my visits and the inside has the usual ambiance of a Starbucks.
4 This Starbucks is my favorite! I stop in fairly frequently and the service is always consistently great! It is a very busy location so wait times are sometime long, but it is always worth the wait. The atmosphere inside is nice, very relaxing, and not crowded at all. The baristas are friendly and remember the regulars. The only downside to this location is the parking situation. There are not many spots and sometimes the drive-thru line can back up making it hard to manuver in the lot. Aside from the parking issues I recommend this location when people are looking for a great Starbucks!
5 What a great day to start! Beautiful people greeting me, "Good Morning :)"  with the smile on their face. I ordered a Grande Vanilla Iced Latte, a Danish Bread and a Zucchini muffin. I've been to this place several times and still customers service here isn't a diminishing star! I love you Starbucks...I hope it's OK to come once in a while.
5 My favorite Starbucks in Mesa. It's not even the closest one to my home, but worth the experience. GREAT staff.
5 Very friendly staff.   It's the best place for coffee in Mesa AZ.
2 No complaints about the drinks every drink I've ordered from here has been good, my complaint is about the wait. Yes it does get the AM rush 6-730, but so do other locations. One morning I decided to go inside to order my drink thinking it would be faster versus the extremely long drive thru line.... i was WRONG... I went in about 640 ordered my drink, a shaken green tea lemonade.. and I did not get my drink until 657.. which is RIDICULOUS for a TEA.... I think I counted about 7-8 people who ordered coffess.. fraps, macchiatos, etc AFTER me.. and go their drinks BEFORE me... I noticed the barista working made ALL The coffee drinks first and then took a minute to make my tea... which literally took LESS than a minute. to pour make and give to me.. i will NOT be going back to this starbucks again, maybe during a day.... but NEVER in the morning because I was late for work when i got there in plenty of time!
3 Like this place, the baristas are really nice but there is no comfortable seating. Really wish they had some cushion chairs. I have my car worked on down the street and hang out while it's getting fixed and the hard chair are bad for the back.
5 This is one of my favorite Starbucks locations - my drinks always come out right and the staff is awesome!
2 Staff here are great. Thanks, guys.   Now we come to the game-changer for me. Recent renovations have resulted in two things happening:   1) A table is now thoroughly unstable. Staff knows but no one has replaced the faulty table. Hot coffee on this table will immediately spill. With Banner next door, this won't be pretty.   2) I can no longer sit in the chairs here for more than an hour. They hurt!  I'm going to move my [$70/month] coffee business down the road, to a pre-renovation location.
