5 Dragonfly is almost too cool to function. Everything about this place screams trendy from the tiny upstairs lounge area to the incredible music. I think they must have a rule to only employ beautiful people here. No matter how many times I've visited I've never yet managed to hold eye contact with one of these bar boys for more than a couple of seconds. Intimidatingly attractive is how I would describe them.   Dragonfly is definitely in my top five places for a cocktail in Edinburgh. The list is extensive and while you can always get your run of the mill selection, I suggest you try something a bit daring. I've never yet been disappointed. Dragonfly also offers a few nibbles too which are pretty decent but of course, to many of these will water down the cocktail effect!
5 I am like a child in that I am hopelessly attracted to bright colours and shiny things. So when I walk past here and see the bright Dragonflies all over the door and windows I am intrigued and want to go in. I eventually did go in, and was suitably impressed. The decor is so uber cool that you instantly feel hip and trendy. I was pleasantly surprised as it was far nicer and sophisticated than the usual bars on the Grassmarket, and it does cocktail chic far better than the soulless George Street bars.   The cocktail menu is extensive to say the least with the usual classics combined with some new exciting ones for the more adventurous amongst us. The price range is about £5-7 per drink, so it is not going to be a cheap night.  But when is a cocktail night cheap? I can't honestly remember the name of the cocktails I had, a combination of poor memory and too much cocktails I think! But I do remember them being some of the best I have had. Combined with the super cool decor, you can tell Dragonfly is one of the places to be in Edinburgh. Can be great for an intimate date (not that intimate mind!) or for a girly cocktail night. Great fun and definitely sets itself apart from most bars in Edinburgh.
4 My first visit to Dragonfly was brilliant - I was really impressed with the personalized waiter-service and their genuine interest in giving you the best drink. I was quite young (but over 18, folks) when I first visited Dragonfly, and so ordered a sickly sweet pink concoction with hundreds and thousands around the rim - I was lured in. My mum played it safe with a French Martini (which was to die for) and my brother had a slightly more masculine Beer. The second time I visited I was slightly less impressed, it seemed a bit run-down and tired looking. But the decor is really trendy and modern. They used to have a wall full of sneakers - one of those really cool things to be interested in - and captured the geek chic concept well. I love Dragonfly, and make sure to go whenever I can.
4 Anywhere where you can buy cocktails that come in drinking vessels that look like volcanoes gets my tipsy nod of approval. Dragonfly is a delightful little establishment in the Grassmarket, and probably one of the best cocktail bars in the area.   Anywhere that's near Edinburgh College of Art tends to attract cool individuals of a fashion forward nature, so the crowd here is always hot, young, and keen for some cocktail goodness. With 28 mouth tempting cocktails on the list, you could be here for a while imbibing a potent mix of refreshing liquor. If you want a seat at the weekend, get here early, as there's a small seating area upstairs, but not too much in the way of tables and chairs in the downstairs area. There's some suitably arty wallpaper decoration going on as well, plus a consistently funky selection of tunes just to make you feel even cooler. And they serve cocktails in volcanoes...this needs to be repeated...volcanoes. Fantastic.
4 I discovered this place about two years ago. It was quite unexpected really as there you are walking along the rather boystrous Grassmarket and all of a sudden you come across a rather sophisticated looking place. With actual really cocktails (and not just vodka and juice served in other places). Add to this the cool layout and decoration (look out for the handy mirrors on top of the bar to see if there is any space in the balcony) you've got yourself a rather nice set up.  The drinks menu is quite exciting. They recently introduced a student deal from Sunday- Thursday of a selection of cheaper cocktails, as their regular menu is quite expensive.  They have also introduced food which is a bit annoying as it certainly takes aways the concept of a sophisticated cocktail bar. (please don't turn into Biblos).  The bartenders are very well trained and know their stuff. Space is limited and what I always find interesting is the rather random mix of clientele. I guess it comes with being in close proximity to Grassmarket and the Art college but I have seen almost everyone in this shop: from bushy-eyed (and drunk) freshers, to quite hurly men, to drunk middle aged people , to business people, to regular students and plenty of artsy looking fancy dress.  I suppose there's a place for everyone.   In one line: Go there for the cocktails.
4 The notion of taking a bunch of lads to a 'cocktail' bar, at least to me, is a little....mincy?   However, squiring my girlfriend here was the perfect excuse to taste some of Dragon Fly's offerings.  The Temple Dog  I chose to re-order numerous times it was that good. More often than not, you barely notice flavours such as 'celery salt' or 'angostura bitters', but the bartenders here always seem to nail to flavour balance and leave you wondering why you ever bought that tacky 'sex on the beach' elsewhere.    One of the best places to grab a cocktail in Edinburgh.
4 Dragonfly is on Westport off the end of the Grassmarket, near Edinburgh College of Art. A split-level venue, Dragonfly is small and covered in funky street art, with a sound track to match. It's a fun bar, packed with art students and hosting a live DJ once a week playing a selection of dub, reggae and jungle music. In one of the high-backed swivel arm-chairs you can pretend to be a Bond-villain whilst waiting for friends (cats aren't included), or just relax with one of their many cocktails, spirits or exotic lagers. Although it is fairly pricey (a lager can be close to £4), the setting justifies the cost to some extent, especially when combined with the chilled beatz. If you want to impress someone, or start a classy night out, then Dragonfly is a good option, though it does get very busy at the weekends.
4 Dragonfly was the first Grassmarket bar I ended up at, for a friend's birthday.  If there was a dancefloor, the loudness of the music would allow it qualify for a club, but all in all it made a good impression. It's spread across two levels, and is cosy without being cramped at all. As most of Edinburgh, the building and interior is charmingly archaic, so the contrasting modern furniture seemed a little bit odd at first.  Their drinks can be quite expensive unless you're there on a student night, but my friends and I managed to find a menu with funky decently priced cocktails. I can't remember what they were called, but I can almost swear one was called zombie something, and they come in exciting (or toxic) colours. I opted for something coconuty and wasn't at all disappointed.   It was a good night out, and there's something about the laid-back atmosphere of Dragonfly that I really like.
5 Great cocktails!!  Wonderful ambiance, however, since I came here on a budget I believe we only had 1 drink.  But it was delicous!!
4 I've not been here in ages but I used to come here when I was a student (probably important to note that my "student" days here were when I was 24/25 so this is not a plce I would call a student bar) and fancied something a bit nicer than the standard Grassmarket bars.  The fact that I was a student meant that I could afford approximately one drink here before I ran out of money but yummmmmm was that a nice drink.    Because we were regulars the staff were always quite nice and happy to accomodate us.  We all came here after graduation with our parents and took over the upstairs bit, leaving the staff to zip up and down up and down up and down as everyone went a little OTT on the drinks.    I probably wouldn't come here on a Friday or Saturday simply because when cocktails are the name of the game, crowds make for a loooooong and not very relaxing wait.  But, now that I earn money like a proper grown up, I am definitely keen to give this place a fresh go.
4 Nice little cocktail joint. DJ spinning in the back. Good drink list. Not your average wanker pub crowd.
5 Really amazing cocktails in a very quirky 2 floor bar. The bar itself is a mismatch of all sorts of decour---asian prints, chandeliers, random stone busts, etc and eludes a laid back feel (at least on a Sunday night). Crowd was good looking but definitley drew from all ages.  Prices are reasonable (esp when compared to London prices) with most drinks in the 4 - 6 pound range. Get the Apples & Pears --- as tasty as it is elaborate. Actually most of the drinks seem to be very custom to Dragonfly and incorporate all sorts of fruits, juices, and spices.   There is a balcony level with seating above the bar---I found it very handy that there are massive tilted mirrors that let you see if it is crowded on the balcony (ie will you find a seat if you trek up the stairs)...wish more bars would do that!  Overall, if you are looking for a very creative and well prepared cocktail in a laid-back and overly eclectic environment, I'd suggest giving Dragonfly a try.
5 I want give four and a half stars. Screw it, five. The quality of cocktails here depends VERY much on which staff member makes them for you and sometimes, instead of a cocktail, you just get a mixture of bits in a glass. This has only happened a few times though and I now know which staff members to catch the eye of. When made properly, the drinks list of Dragonfly is pretty spectacular. And kinda girly. I've been here quite a few times, always as the lone guy in a large group of giggly girls, and this is what usually happens:  I order a Speyside Invaders (probably 3/4 manly).   I slowly sip my Speyside Invaders, imagining in my mind I'm a pilot and I'm chaperoning a giggly group of flight hostesses in a strange city, not that I'm just here because my fiancee dragged me to wine society with her girlfriends.   The Girls find a drink with a lollypop in it. Giggling increases. This affects my pilot imaginings. I say the word 'indubitably'. There is no effect. My mood begins to deteriorate.   I notice the samurai/ninja/kung-fu prints on the walls. My interest is piqued. Suddenly, a T.V. behind the bar comes to my attention. An employee is playing Sonic, on what appears to be a Sega Mega-Drive! By the teeth of Jupiter, it all makes sense! The cocktail names, the record-menus, the ninjas, the Sega.... this is a teenage boys bedroom! And the girls don't even know!   The girls find a drink covered in hundreds and thousands. Giggling reaches Michael Bay Giggle-splosion levels. This is not enough to drown out me yelling at the T.V. screen though. DO YOU KNOW HOW TO PLAY SONIC! HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN THE LESSONS OF THE NINETIES ALREADY? EGADS!   Nobody notices. Girls continue to giggle. My night becomes a Speyside Invaders-flavoured analysis of staff members' Sonic skills.   Girls have good night, I have good night.
3 I'm game to check this place out again. Admittedly, this is for a few reasons:   1) Fab wall art - reminded me of Treacle and had me wondering if they are owned by one and the same 2) It used to be the Old Fire Station, and I struggle to separate the two in my affection  We had a coke and a Hendricks G&T - with an awesomely frightengly large chunk of cucumber to boot. I would note that in my first year (of secondary) school knowledge of science, the chunkier it is, the less surface mass, therefore less flavour emitted from the cucumber. Note to barman - less chunky flair, more cucumber goodness. When I first had Hendrick's at the Food Festival, it was served with a smooooth tonic water, that left no metally aftertaste. I seek a bar who can deliver that flavour in a grown up serving, rather than a sample. Dragonfly isn't the place, but judging from other reviews, a worthy place to checkout their (amusingly written, with LP sleeves no less) cocktail menu.   Otherwise, a barman who looked younger than my 18yr old nephews (always evokes amusing/devastating conversations about getting old) and a nice makeover to my old watering hole, I'll check out Dragonfly again before I deny my buck there.
4 It's been a couple of years since I was last in Dragonfly - and I must admit I was even more impressed on my visit this time round.  Firstly, I think it's just a lovely, well-designed bar. I believe it is owned by the same people that run Voodoo rooms - which is another one of my favourite haunts (apart from a visit last Monday where it took 10 minutes to get served on a quiet night) so that was disappointing...  But anyway! Back to Dragonfly - I love the Chinese wood carving on the back left of the bar - even if you just go in to take a look at that it's worth it - classic but modern and very stylish - I want it for my home! The front door is lovely too :)  The margarita's were lovely as was the white wine I had to drink. The crowd was quite a mix but quite trendy, so we all fitted in well there!   There is an upstairs area but was busy at 9ish when we arrived, so we sat on one of the high tables downstairs.  I certainly want to come back there again - it's a really nice gem near the Grassmarket, and a find amongst so many touristy/run of the mill old-man pubs!
5 It's Friday and I've got a taste for cocktails. But as it's not even midday and I've yet to have lunch, I'll quench that thirst by reliving a recent, and very pleasant, evening in Dragonfly.  I can't believe I actively avoided this bar. There, I said it. Not because I thought it would be awful. But just... I admit, I judged a book by its cover.  And I didn't avoid it, but just always went somewhere else instead. I thought a cocktail bar in the Grassmarket, where there aren't many others of its ilk, might be a tad...odd? Despite that Emily V, Anna F, Catriona C, Luke D...gosh countless other yelpers had given it their 3, 4 and 5 star ratings and thumbs up.  How I am glad that Rachael, Morven and Val took me here instead of Bond No 9 (well, in fact before a taxi trip to Bond No 9 but I digress).   I. LOVE. it.  I can't think of how else to say it. If you could take a look at the inside of my head and take all the things I love and turn them into a cocktail bar, this would be it.  The decoration. Slightly bohemian, but still classy. Like a caipirinha served out of a wooden tumbler on a Brazillian beach. Authentic but with style. And no sand in the drinks. It's beautiful really. Indian drapes on the wall, a mural, some tiki style decorations.  The cocktails themselves. I'll admit, it was part of my dry January so I didn't order one myself. But I tasted my friends, and they're good (shh, it's not cheating, I didn't buy my own drink ok?!) The raspberry mojito, yum. The margarita, yum. I don't need to say much else. THe cocktails win.  The music. Oh yes. They had a guest DJ on decks. None of your pop chart pish. None of your R n' B pish. None of your weird dub drum n' step bass that doesn't gel with a margarita. Instead, world afro-salsa-samba beats that had me wanting to DANCE. We even tried but there wasn't enough room.  A really cool crowd too. Some students, some like myself not but still young professionals. Not such a dressy bar either. Jeans would be appropriate, as would ending up here at 5pm on a Friday night after work (whther it's an office or a coffee shop) and staying till close.  There aren't lots of seats downstairs, a few tall tables up the back and it was crowded on a Saturday night. But there's more seating upstairs (an area had been reserved). But as with any good cocktail bar, if you want to get a seat, get there early. To me, that's a sign that it's good.  I'm not quite sure if I've made my point yet. I LOVE IT HERE. If you take me here, I'm yours. At least until the margaritas run out.
4 Over the past few weeks Joe A. and I had been working our way through the cocktail menu here, with great success.  The bar staff are a bit hit and miss, but generally quite nice.   The atmosphere is very quirky and chilled out. It is a great date venue or somewhere to just chill out with good quality drinks.   I'm not even going to say which cocktails i like best.. i like them all. YOU should try them all... go, go now! It might even be my favourite cocktail bar in Edinburgh!
4 I can give a pretty good review of Dragonfly if I do say so myself as last weekend I sat in this bar for hours with friends literally working our way through the cocktail menu.    This is a nice little cocktail bar.  Not as pretentious as some cocktail bars however the staff seemed to think so.  To give them their due, they did know how to make amazing cocktails but that's where the service ended - no banter and certainly no smiles!    I went on a Friday night and it seemed as the time went on, more and more older men came along with their wandering eyes on the unsuspecting (much) younger girls.  Not so nice, however I was too distracted by the delicious cocktails to care.    The cocktail menu is excessive but in a good way.  From cocktails ranging from £3.70 to £7.95 they have something for all budgets and are definitely worth every penny!!!  One of the cheaper cocktail bars in Edinburgh I think.    Here are my favourites...  Before trying Joe Le Taxi I was a bit pessimistic as it contains balsamic reduction, fresh strawberries (which was the decider for me), lemon juice and orange bitter.  The rim of the glass was sugared which took away the sourness and turned this into such a lovely, pleasant sweet treat - my fav of the night!!!    The Raspberry Ripple cocktail is a big bit of fun in a glass.   The outside of the glass itself is covered in hundreds and thousands - this beats the milk moustache hands down!!!  This is more like a raspberry milkshake so definitely suitable for big kids:D  Burnt Island Ice Tea is loaded with practically every type of alcohol going and boy is it good!  If you like Long Island Iced Tea then you'll love this as I think this is even better.  I can't describe it, you just need to try it.
3 Difficult to find but you will remember once visited! brilliant pub, great atmosphere and the upstairs can be reserved as was done for friends birthday party. The staff is very knowledgeable on drinks and very helpful, friendly and customer focused without being in your face or overbearing. I really enjoyed it and recommend this for a group of mixed friends together. Though an all guys group would possibly be a bit bored, but with girls they can actually impress with knowledge of the excellent cocktails they serve!
3 Very nice cocktails and they have free wifi! What more could you want?
3 I liked the decor in here, and the staff were fast, but the prices and crowds do let it down a bit. Admittedly a crowd is usually a sign of something desirable, so I won't use this against the place. It was just kind of annoying as my friends and I couldn't hear ourselves speak, and we didn't think we were going to a club. We also waited for ages to be served, and it wasn't even the weekend!  The expertise in cocktail making really are this place shines. That and the high ceilings and elegant design.   Dragonfly does lose a point for the prices... However good the cocktails are, I can't justify paying £7 for a martini.... Nor £4 for the cheapest pint on menu. At the end of the day, this is still just a place where people get hammered, and I didn't see much in the way of moderate drinking for the pleasure of it here.   I would return if I saw fewer crowds and lower prices...
4 Very nice cocktails, but very dependent on how dense the crowd is.  When not too busy, is a great place to spend a night.
2 Beer lines need cleaning! Overpriced for what you get... Some good seats upstairs.
5 Great Cocktails great stuff!  Big cocktail selection.  Recomend for sure!
4 I flitted my way to the Dragonfly for the Cocktail Quest UYE this week, and was surprised to find, once inside, that there weren't many dragonflies to be seen anywhere in the décor. I'd been expecting flashes of blue and green, delicate lacy wings... maybe I was being too literal: it's certainly colourful and exotic, with a richly patterned mix of wallpapers. There was also a definite *buzz* about the inaugural night of the Quest, so that's enough dwelling on insect references! (Tigers actually seemed to be the order of the day - I befriended a porcelain tiger who looked rather cross, but perhaps he had just had one too many.)  I love the menus; the covers are made from old vinyl records cut into squares, which is very cool, and what contents! As with all good cocktail menus, there are some cracking names (Raspberry Berry: The Cocktail Formerly Known as Prince) and some delicious-sounding mixes. I was a bit disappointed not to find a page for the harmless stuff and the super-efficient bar staff seemed to boggle slightly at the concept when I asked, but when they realized they had free rein to create anything they liked for me they threw themselves into it with gusto!   Mocktail number one was shortly presented to me: a splendid raspberry juice potion with a lovely fresh kick from crushed mint leaves, which stopped it from being too sweet and made it very refreshing and refined. I think I detected maybe some watermelon in there too, but I could be wrong. Mocktail number two, a little while later, was a tropical hit: totally different, very rich, but equally delicious. In fact, it was so nice that after I'd passed it round for my table to try, one of the yelpers ran straight to the bar and asked for "whatever you made for her" (with a bit of alcohol too, please).  For want of a menu, I am going to name these drinks the Berry-Mint Merriment and the Meg Ryan (as in "I'll have what she's having"). That is, of course, purely for myself, because if I go back in and ask for that, I will get an even blanker look, I think...  It was a lovely evening and I did enjoy my surprising ad hoc concoctions (adhoctions?) but it's a shame that the upstairs was booked already; even on a Wednesday night it was very full and felt a little cramped. But then, maybe that's only to be expected when a hoard of questing yelpers descend in search of cocktail bliss!
4 Ohhhh, this place was a bit nice! Visited here on Wednesday night as part of a UYE organised by the lovely Robyn Z (thanks for letting me come along at short notice!). I liked the decor and the vibe in here, it was relaxed yet classy and was moderately busy but not heaving.   The thing I liked most though, was the cocktails list. A sign of a good cocktail bar (to me) is a well written and funny cocktail list. That is the best way to get my attention and get me excited for cocktails (although I always am excited for cocktails, if I'll be honest). Initially I really wanted the Loch Scotch and Two Smoking Barrels cocktail, just because that's my favourite movie of all time. But then I saw it had scotch bonnet in it and that put me off. The rest of the cocktail sounded nice so maybe next time I'll ask them to make it without the kick! (Ardbeg, bitters, lemon, sugar, egg white).   I settled for the Raspberry Berry or "the cocktail formerly known as Prince" (again, great name). Gin, Chambord, Grand Marnier, lemon, sugar, basil, cracked black pepper. I really enjoyed this and possibly drank it too quickly. It really was super berry flavoured and I think some of the other ingredients got a little lost in it.   I also had a Mount Gay, mint & ginger which was also lovely. This is a nice bar that I'd definitely swing by next time I'm in Edinburgh. And of course, the best part of the night was the company, meeting new people and catching up with all the East Coast goings on! Thanks for having me!
4 yelpers take their cocktails seriously and as such we started our very own cocktail quest to source the best in all of edinburgh.  our first quest saw us entering Dragonfly, a lovely wee quirky and fun bar in the Grassmarket.  I had been to Dragonfly exactly once before about 6 and a half years ago in the very early days of my edinburgh life so it was nice to re-visit.  i'd had a wee look at the cocktail menu before arriving, so had a few options that i was ready to try.  my first cocktail was Up the Apples and Pears.  to quote the menu it was a mixture of: "Absolut Vanilia vodka, Xanté pear Cognac, crushed apple, apple juice, lime juice, cinnamon- infused syrup and a dash of egg white for texture."  to top it all off was a lovely fan made from thinly sliced apple and a dash of cinnamon on top.  it was lovely, like a punchy apple juice but still went down a treat!   before my next cocktail, i took advantage of the genorosity of yelpers and had a wee sip of some other cocktails that had been ordered.  after tasting a Patna Daiquiri, i quickly went to the bar to order my own.  this was a lovely mixture of: 'Mount Gay Eclipse rum, Kwai Feh lychee liqueur, fresh passion fruit, lime and sugar."  this went definitely the highlight for me, slightly sweet and slighty sour and all around delicious!  i would have happily drank this all night if i hadn't had work the next morning.  the bar itself is lovely, with fairly getting seating on the entry level and then a mezzaine available for booking for larger parties.  sadly the mezzaine was booked on our visit so we crowded round a few tables near the bar.  the bartenders were friendly and happy to make drinks off the menu if asked.  the best part was that two cocktails in the centre of edinburgh only cost me about £12, so quite reasonably priced!  i definitely think our first cocktail quest was a rather good success and i will definitely be back to the dragonfly to try out more of their amazing cocktail menu!
5 Edinburgh has seen something of an upturn in cocktail bars of late with Panda & Sons and the like, Dragonfly however has been supplying our good city with the best of mixology for quite some time.  Hsve been here for a number of occassions from #cocktailquests, brithday partyies and just a quite Sunday night, Dragonfly always delivers.  Their menus with recycled vinyl covers are a treat, the menu has a bit of everything. Cant find something you like? Talk to the staff and they will either invent somethign entirely new or suggest an alterntive unlisted drink to suite your tastes.  All in all a cracking bar. Dragonfly comes highly JD Recommended!
3 Public Service Announcement!!! They no longer do goblets, which makes me ever so sad! When I was in Edinburgh as a student I used to come here all the time during the week for a goblet (massive drink for a student price in an awesome big glass goblet). So a few years later, when I came back to visit last month, I was so excited to stop by again. But nooooo!  The bartender, who I think was the manager too, shot me down. He even said that he wouldn't bring back the goblets even if it was an option because he hated it. Without the goblets this just makes it a nice bar off the grassmarket with above average cocktail prices. I just crossed this off my list of places to go when I come back and visit again.
4 Never judge a book by it's cover and this should stick with this place!  It looks so small from the outside but it opens up on the inside.  Nice doorman, open door for us in and out.  I ordered a raspberry ripple which was delish, even with the black pepper in it!  The boy had a old fashioned which reminded me of marmalade.  Quite delish.  Def would come back again as handy for that part of town and good cocktails too!
3 Ohhhhh I wanted to like this place just a bit more than I actually did.  I came in here on a weeknight for a celebratory cocktail (any excuse will do!) and it was very quiet. This didn't put us off though and I ordered the Raspberry Ripple and my boyfriend had the Hendricks gin & tonic.   The G&T was lovely, served with a wedge of cucumber (fancy!). The Raspberry Ripple LOOKED amazing with the hundreds and thousands rim but it just didn't taste.... nice? I found it so hard to drink and just not enjoyable at all. Maybe it just wasn't shaken with love because there are some great reviews for this drink but from my experience it tasted like not much more than watered down vodka.  With all the great cocktail bars in Edinburgh I would find it hard to choose this place above anywhere else.
