3 "Ugh... I'm done!" I said as I wiped away my tears. I've had enough of a certain friend of mine who had talked shit to me for the last time. My sister, feeling my pain suggested that we go where every saddened Indian Girl goes when feeling bad... the nearest Indian Casino!! WHOO!! Well... okay, maybe not the nearest Indian Casino... but the one across the freeway and down the road... the brand spankin' new Lone Butte Casino.   When we go into the Nuevo riche diner... I was surprised by how shiny it all was! There were deli cases showing off desserts that looked meh and these pedestals that showcased modern Native Art... but it didn't mesh well with the decor of the place. The dining room was big and the tables were very well spaced apart.  We were escorted to our table, sat down and looked over the menu trying to decide the best way to cap off the night. The menu contained all American favorites in all their greasy goodness. Think of the Late Night Denny's menu but sans the moon over my hammy and you'll be dead on. Were told that Alan (or Alec?) was our waiter and would be by soon to take our drink order. So we waited... and waited... and waited... and waited! The last time I waited this long for a friggin' drink order it was because the bar was being danced on by stripper wannabes getting their Coyote SURE Ugly on!!  Yeah, I'll wait for the clear-heeled ones to vacate the bar... sure, why not? But this was NOT the case at Cafe 24/7.   Not wanting to wait around in this crazy color changing world... oh yeah - did I tell you about the colors?! OMG! These damned lights in the ceiling keep changing!! Like from green to yellow to blue to pink to clear and back again!! It's not even a gradual change either!! It's a sudden change and the moment my eyes get used to the new hue, the color changes again! It was distracting and annoying especially when looking at the huge multi-screen TV behind the deli case that for some reason was set to channel 12 and displayed everything in green!   But anyway... I digress... I got up and went to the deli case and told two employees that we have been waiting for a very long time. I learned that the staff is very good at apologizing and the hostess took over our table. We ordered and got our food very fast. Okay now the food...  Our sampler appetizer that came with potato skins, chicken tenders, onion rings and mozzarella sticks were good and light and crunchy and crispy and nothing was over done or soggy. I was happy and surprised. I don't know why, but I always expect casino food to be bad food. The next round was our entrees. I ordered the Angus burger with cheese and bacon and this half pound bad boy had too much bacon on it!! I shared with the sis who was happy to receive it to go on her Turkey Sandwich, more on that in a second. My burger was cooked well and was fresh as was the toppings and bun. I was delighted but I wasn't happy with having to pay extra for French fries, seriously - it should just come with it. At the other Gila River Casinos, fries come with everything. Boo on Café 24/7 on this faux pas. My sister's turkey sandwich was awesome! It was piled high with nice... real... turkey! Lol! Like, someone took a knife to the bird minutes before it hit our table. No pre-packaged water logged sodium filled meat product here!   We ate and I tried to laugh and get my mind off of the night's drama. When we were approached by the Café's manager, he informed us that the café is actually owned by the same company that is associated with Chase Stadium and not the Casino's usual food and beverage department. He also slightly chuckled when I tried to seriously complain about the long wait at the beginning of our meal. *sigh* just like a man huh? Oh well...  To my Yelpers: all in all - if you're on that side of town and it's late... like really late and you're over 21 and the thought of going to Denny's by the freeway seems too disgusting for words... feel free to go to Café 24/7. The food options are the same but it's done so much better. The service might be shit like ours was, but get up and to go the deli, complain and you should be alright. I say go but don't go out of your way to go. Oh and leave your rose-colored glasses at home! Cuz the color changing throughout your meal might make your eyes bleed! I'll give it one more try before I die... but just one.
2 I love the out-door seating here. Beautiful!! You can almost forget that you are in a casino!   My husband and I brought his Grandma and Mon here for a little fun!! After we were seated, our drinks came fast, and we were told about the $4 breakfast special. MMMmmmm....Sounds good!! AND cheap!!   It took a really long time for our food to come out, and there were maybe six tables in the place being used. So, the $4 food. You get what you pay for. Extremely runny eggs, dry biscuits, and bacon that looked like it had been in the warming pan all morning. Because we were hungry, we did manage to choke it down. BLAH....If you visit this casino, try the food court. We will next time!!
1 Their "baked macaroni and cheese" is nothing more than pasta shells tossed in generic nacho cheese sauce.  Disgusting beyond belief.    You have to be BAKED to eat here---unfortunately I wasn't.
1 The service is always pretty lousy. You always have to ask for refills of water, soda, tea and no one is all that friendly... BUT last night was the WORST. We ordered, then waited 30 minutes for our food - when it came out - fajitas - there were no tortillas, condiments or salsa for another 5 minutes! When we got our tortillas, it was a total of 2 in one foil with a promise to bring more - which again, we had to ask for from the manager...   This terrible services went on the whole time while the manager, assistant manager and the rest of the wait staff wandered around aimlessly. Not an un-bussed table in the house - but satisfied, cared for customers? I love their fajitas... but the service (this time) was enough for me to choose to stay away for ever...
3 After a night of gambling and drinking at Lone Butte Casino, this place hits the spot fo late night munchies.  It's your typical 24 hr casino coffee shop.  I know it can get busy during peak meal hours, but late at night it's usually pretty empty.  We've tried the following menu items.  Onion Rings, $3.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=RbC6U4gUiW_8jen5w1-HWA#RbC6U4gUiW_8jen5w1-HWA  Cheese Fries, $2.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=Td1MTg9oYyWD1xDpIUeVkg#Td1MTg9oYyWD1xDpIUeVkg  Chicken Quesadilla, $7.99 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=4jhxxs-Oy3AKsb2OUgVu7g#4jhxxs-Oy3AKsb2OUgVu7g http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=qW5JqJFvNQQaL-fkwJrgIw#qW5JqJFvNQQaL-fkwJrgIw  Cheeseburger w/Fries, $8.99 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=ozgs0MFIFy15RfimxOVuFw#ozgs0MFIFy15RfimxOVuFw  8 Chicken Wings, $8.99 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=f-BAPZvrxEZ2NnkkPylpRQ#f-BAPZvrxEZ2NnkkPylpRQ  The food is average at best.  Nothing special to write about.  The service is average as well.  We only dine here because it's the only option when the food court and the Italian joint are closed.  Return Factor - 50%
4 WOW!!  Best food ever!  Amazing!  Beautiful peaceful patio with lovely waterfall in the middle of it, great service.  I am visiting from Seattle and who would think the cod fish and chips would impress a gal from the seafood kingdom in the Pacific Northwest!  Highly recommend it to visitors AND locals!!
3 Just get the 5lb burger.  They cook it pretty damn good for a 5lbr (ask for it med rare!)
3 10-15mins for the server to acknowledge us, once he got to us we figure we should order right away since we don't know how long it would take for us get our food and drinks, 3mins for drinks and 10mins for food to come. The food was good and server nice but overall I gave it 3 stars because it took so long for the server to even acknowledge us.
1 So I ordered the Nathan sliders as an appetizer. The menu specifically states that you get 6 mini hotdogs with your choice of topping. It lists cheese, relish, mustard and a few other things. I asked our server if it was nacho cheese or shredded cheese. She said either or. As I go to pay the tab says $1.99 for cheese added to our hotdogs. I explain to the check out lady that it was a mistake the menu says includes. She then has to go speak to her manager. She comes back and tells me she cannot remove it, it included a shredded cheese not a nacho cheese. Not only does the menu not state what type of cheese but the server didn't even specify. Most would just roll over because it's only $2 but I was in a feisty mood so I continued to argue. Finally a manager comes over and TELLS me not explains to me why it's an up charge. I TELL her back that it is crap they should be specific and our server said it was fine. 10 minutes later she took the sliders off all together. I wasn't asking for that just the $2 so that is why they get a 1 star. After all that I go to pay and she asks me how everything was....... "Actually it wasn't even that good" was my answer. So more importantly don't eat here because the food is basically terrible.
1 We have eaten here twice now. The food was pretty good the first time though the second time my burger was overcooked on one half while the other half was rare. Both times the service was terrible, especially the second time. Our server spent most of her time talking to other employees, if we even saw her at all. We had to grab another server and wait for her to find our server to get refills on our drinks and order dessert. Once our server finally arrived at the table, the manager came along with her. The manager didn't seem concerned that we were getting poor service and did not apologize, only making sure our drinks were finally refilled and then walked away. I was left with the impression that we were an inconvenience to them. We never finished the dessert as it was very dry and had no flavor. Finally when we mentioned the poor service when we were paying, there were again no apologies or any concern.
4 Well the service can be a challenge from time to time, but for the most part the food has always been on point.  I usually stick to what I like, so for me it's the 8-12 wings with carrots and celery and the wife gets the fish platter.  I really love the tv's everywhere and the display of any drawings that are going on in the casino.
