5 This is my first 5 Star Review for a time share, yeah, not a hotel but didn't see a timeshare category.  (dear yelp seems the time share reviews is an open market)  Top Five Reasons for Five stars 1. The Kierland Villa employees will over and over again out perform your expectations.  From the Bellmen and front desk to the pool employees and hotel  2. The Rooms are large and the bathrooms are amazing and has a jacuzzi and a shower. I love the furniture and the two bathrobes in my room. I hope one did not fall into my luggage.   3. Pools are not crowded and the hotel overlooks a golf course 4. Once again the staff is what takes this place to another level. 5. The golf course is great, your choice of a cart or a Segway with a golf bag holder.
5 Due to the economy, there are some phenomenal deals out there right now for this place.  We stayed in a luxurious 1000 sq ft King suite.      Granted we were there in the off season, but the pools were not crowded, and the bar service at the pools were speedy, both here and at the main resort.  The property is very walkable - giving the option of two pools at the villas, or two more at the main hotel.    There are separate adult-only pools, which is awesome.   Then again, all the 'kids' on the waterslide at the main resort were 40+ :)   Either way, you'll have fun.  Having a kitchen was great - my only suggestions are as follows: 1.   It tis a tiny oven - and a newfangled device which I had not seen before:   a dual convection oven/microwave.    All of the heat comes from the top, which made it quite difficult to say, cook a frozen pizza.    Keep this in mind when grocery shopping. 2.   You hate to buy a lot of groceries if only staying a week - consider bringing along some things, like coffee filters,plastic baggies for snacks, etc.     Yes, they will hit you up for a time-share presentation.   We declined each time it was offered and that was that.  Our only disappointment was with the conceirge(s) at the Villas.   We'd ask for a recommendation on a Mexican restaurant, they'd hit print (without even speaking), go the printer, and come back with a single recommendation.   No "I like this place because" or "here are three options that popular".   Made me think all recommendations got a kick back.     Free wifi.
5 If you have kids - this is the place to stay in Scottsdale (technically it's Phoenix here, but who cares ....)   It's like an apartment versus a hotel room - a very nice, luxury apartment at that.    The interior looks like a Crate and Barrel showroom  It's really nice having the kitchenette and table.    I don't plan on cooking any meals when I'm here - but it's really nice to be able to fill the fridge with milk, soda, juice, etc. for the kids.     Oh, and some wine and beer for mom and dad as well.    I like to be able to just have a bagel or yogurt for breatkfast, vs.  a big hotel breakfast, and the kitchen is set up great for that.   It's got a full size coffeemaker as well - which is really nice.   The bedrooms are seperate from the living room, so when the little ones crash, you still have the room and the patio area to enjoy.   There is also a tub as well as a shower - which is also good for kids.   Finally, in addition to having the Villas two pools at your disposable, you also have access to the fantastic Westin Kierland Hotel pool with the lazy river and little faux beach area.      Just really a terrific place.
5 We loved this place.
5 Pretty sweet.  I stayed here during a business trip, when I was bumped from the main resort into a villa due to an overbooking of the hotel.  I stayed in building 4, room 101 (sorry if this is your time share!  I took good care of it...), which is essentially a 1 bedroom apartment.  There is a tiny kitchen with dishes and everything else you'd need to have a meal for a small group, plus a stacked washer and dryer (which I used a lot!) at no extra cost.  The whirlpool tub is wonderful, and as always Westin's Heavenly Beds deliver.  It's nice to have a private patio to enjoy the weather on, as well as a separate pool area for kids and adults away from the main resort.  Would love to go back!  The service was great as well.
5 I highly recommend this place!  Everyone was so helpful and friendly!  I honestly can't wait to go back!!!
3 I received a great hotel deal here through email.  Thought it seemed too good to be true but it wasn't.  Booked 4 nights in a 1 bedroom condo style unit for $340.00 bucks!    The Good: Well kept hotel and ground Outstanding service from every Westin employee I encountered.   Nice up to date rooms with great beds. 2 pools - 1 Adult only....Bonus! Free shuttle to the neighboring Westin resort next door and the shopping center near by. Free Parking. Great decks & patios off the the rooms with furniture and ceiling fans.   The Bad No hotel or bar on site really because this is the Villa. You can go next door to the main hotel and there are several to choose from with is a plus. Only window in the 1 bedroom condo was the sliding glass door off of the bedroom.  Rest of the unit felt like cave almost because there were no windows.  Time Share: They entice you to take the 90-minute timeshare tour but you are not required to nor to they pressure you to.
4 I am a fan! Yes!  The property was very well kept and great views. When checking in the service was great. Jordan at the front desk was helpful and attentive. He recognized that we were celebrating a birthday :) and used our last name frequently during the check in process. Concierge and Service Express were helpful as well. Every time I called Service Express before, during, and after my stay they were very polite and helpful. Jennifer was one agent that really stood out for me, as well as Natalie in concierge. Natalie used my last name when speaking with me and gave me directions to a BBQ place in great detail.   The shuttle from the Villas to the resort is awesome. You really get your monies worth staying in the villas. You have access to a kitchen, washer and dryer, shuttle to resort, and Wonderful service. The pools were well kept and fortunately not too crowded when I was there. My boyfriend LOVED the lazy river :) That is where we spent most of our time. Very relaxing and recommended for ALL.    The only thing stopping me from giving "As good as it gets" is that once we were done checking in and began our actual stay, it seemed we were not guests anymore. We sat at the front drive for the villas and resort and not once asked if we needed assistance or even a "hello"/"have a great day".  Other than the guest interaction throughout the stay, I hope to give the Kierland Villas another chance. See you soon!
2 I am a platinum Starwood member.  I have stayed at timeshares before so if this is the basis of comparison this is a great place.  Rooms are well maintained and the accessibility to the lazy river at the resort is great for families  However, if you are coming to this property accustomed to a "Westin experience", this is a let down.  They definitely treat timeshare owners differently (read not as good) than hotel resort guests.  The special attention and treatment of preferred Starwood members is significantly less on the villa side.  This is especially evident with the reception where they treat you like potential fresh bait until you let them know you're not looking to buy.  STARWOOD MEMBERS BEWARE don't waste your points or your money, you will be disappointed.  I will not stay here again and conduct better research in future to ensure  that I don't stay at any of the Starwood timeshare resorts.
4 The property is beautiful, the villa is VERY well kept with great appliances and very nice bed - this is a great home away from home for the business traveler.   HOWEVER - the only thing is that they dont honor your Starwood status and provide the late check-out of 4pm. I am Starwood Gold and expected to sleep in and check out later, but when i called Service Express, the lady said very tersely that its 10am. So early! And what about my loyalty as a customer?   Other than that, this is a great property.
5 My family stayed here last year over Thanksgiving. The rooms were large and clean. The view from our rooms over the golf course was lovely. The pools were nice and the facilities great.  And they were very helpful in helping us plan our outings which included hot air ballooning, a wonderful day trip through Sedona and to the Grand Canyon, and a desert jeep excursion. All were better than I expected and planned after getting information through guest services. I would love staying here again.
4 4.5 stars, expensive but spectacular.  Everything is really top-notch, from the facilities to the service to the villas to the hammocks.  There's a terrific outdoor mall across the way and transportation directly from the main building - very convenient.  The only drawback is really the cost of everything - particularly the pool service.
5 We got to utilize the Starwoods Timeshares for $359 for 4 nights and 5 days. The selling point was that there was no pressure to do the sales presentations. What they don't tell you is that they give you the incentives that are too good to resist to go to the sales presentations anyway. We actually went through it and it was fine....no hard selling....I would say we almost bought until the woman came in and messed up the nice rhythm of the guy who was showing us around. Anyway....the property is nice....if you can, try to stay in building 1 as that has easy access to the market, pools, and bar. You don't have to walk that far and you can just go right down and pick up the shuttle which takes you everywhere near the villas and the hotel. The Kierland Commons and Scottsdale Quarters which are less than a .25 mile away. The golf club is very nice, the course is in great shape, the service is stellar. I was able to take my 4 year old after 3pm with no hassles and no pressures. Wonderful experience. The hotel is nice and the food all around is quite good. The lazy river is very relaxing....the pools are perfect for the little ones and their was a lot of activities going around when we went over the Christmas holidays. Overall...a great experience....try to wait for the deals before booking though.
4 Beautiful resort villas snuggled in the midst of beautiful Scottsdale. This property has a golf course nestled next and has multiple pools.  The rooms are deluxe king (studio side) and premium king (1 bedroom) We were placed in the deluxe side, which was clean and well maintained.  The main difference I saw was the kitchen. It was like that of an apartment, with a mini fridge, no fireplace and  a smaller unit.  We did go into a Premium unit, it was lovely, very spacious, seating for 6, full kitchen, separate bedroom with large bathroom and a fireplace.   We fell in love with Corey, our concierge, who was so accommodating and friendly.  Scott, the manager, seems to be doing a great job and acknowledged our stay (4 Star owner) by sending us a welcome amenity, very kind.  We were impressed with the cleanliness of the property and the staff, most have been there since the property opened. (that speaks volumes)   Will make this a yearly event in our calendar.
5 Great location, gorgeous rooms Was very grateful to be in such a place.  Rooms came with a fully stocked kitchen, two bedrooms, and two nice flat screens, and a bathroom with jacuzzi and were spotless.  The concierge and the staff were quite helpful and the surrounding area and malls have everything you need in a 5-10 min car ride radius. The business center was also quite helpful for printing my grand statistics homework (a travesty that my break was spent sorting that out but never mind about that).  Overall a great place to spend break.   Oh yeah free fast wi-fi (always an underrated perk)
5 I can't talk this place up enough. My roommate is a Starhot Rewards Member so we got an awesome rate. We stayed at the Villas which is not the same thing as the Westin Hotel but even when my best friend and I went to the wrong spot to check in, the staff was nothing but nice and gave us proper directions. Upon checking into the villa, they wish me a happy birthday and were so accommodating. Our room was beautiful with a full kitchen, dining room, living room with flat screen, bathroom with a tub and a glass shower with his and hers sinks, and a giant king size bed that was extremely comfortable. The grounds are immaculate, the pools (yes, pools plural) are outstanding and lavish, and the flowers smell wonderful throughout. The service at the pool is also first rate. Everyone made sure we were comfortable and they even bring around pitchers of ice cold water and cups for everyone laying around the pool. They also will come and take your order for the bar and grill, I was beyond impressed. We requested a later check out time which they honored but we still needed to stay 3 hours past check out. Not a problem, we could use the pools, sauna, and spa all day and they even held our bags for us and allowed us to use the locker room and showers to get ready even though we were checked out. Everyone was so nice and cheery all the time, we didn't want to leave! We'll be back next year for some more fun in the sun.
2 Ok. So the Westin markets themselves as 5 star resort and they price their "product" accordingly. Nothing wrong with that. Except when you don't deliver and nickel and dime guests. Needless to say I was disappointed. My first meal, breakfast, was terrible. Overcooked eggs, bacon and hash browns. For $20. I get better food at diners for half the price. Worse, they CHARGE for wireless. Please, just add another $5 or $10 per night on top of the already overpriced $250+ so I don't notice it and can avoid the hassle and don't feel ripped off. But no, you charge me $10+ extra per night so I can check my email. Frustrating. True, the service is outstanding and the rooms are pretty and the grounds are immaculate but still, the price is not worth it. Just another overpriced hotel chain. I'll stick with boutique hotels. Ughh!
2 Stay here yearly over Spring Break. They always suggest calling in with special requests (location, floor, etc). The problem is that they don't accommodate those requests. WE got in late because of airplane problems and the person in front of us in the registration line was complaining about calling in several times on his request and having them ignored. We followed. We had indicated a preferred building with close parking due to my inability to walk long distances comfortably. Instead they put us in a building with no handicapped parking in front of it and in the farthest room from the parking lot. And of course at the time we arrived there were no other rooms available to switch too. For the money we spent to buy the time shares you would think they'd try a bit harder to make their customers happy. But apparently they don't care.
4 Have stayed at this timeshare resort for 2 weeks to get away from the city and relax. The location is great - close enough to the hustle and bustle of downtown but far enough away to relax and unwind.  Be sure to ask for a golf course view room.  :)  The painted desert sky, sunset, and green grass is definitely a welcome sight for this big city dweller.  There is a small "market"  on site but you are better off going to the large grocery store to get your kitchen items.    Stayed in a studio, 1 bedroom and 2 unit during my stays.  Since the 2 bedroom units are lockouts (1 bedroom + studio) adjoined by an exterior door, by staying in a 2 bedroom you would know what the smaller units are like in case you want to down/upgrade your reservation next time.    The staff was nice and the pool access is at the Westin Kierland Resort (hotel) down the road.  There is a shuttle bus that takes you there easily or you can drive.  Definitely get to the hotel version of the resort at sunset for the Bagpipes guy that marches around the outdoor relaxation area....you definitely feel like you are in the Emerald isles looking at the green landscape and hearing the bagpipes. :)
4 I was fully prepared to give this place five stars.  I even got caught up in the hype and purchased a timeshare here.    I bedroom villa with golf course view....beautiful. Heavenly bed and pillows....heavenly. Shuttle bus that comes quickly and takes you to nearby locations....excellent.  Paying a prepay rate ahead of time only to be given a bill with crazy resort fees and incidental charges...Awful.
2 The positive features -  - Location in Scottsdale  - Ability to use the other Westin amenities  - Pool area is fine - not exceptional Negatives features -  - Check in is at 4 PM and checkout is at 10 AM  - Staff is non responsive  - Rooms are not comfortable  If you simply need a bed and will spend your time outside of the room - then this is your place.  If you plan to spend time in the room, make sure you get a proper sized room, not the smaller units.  Be careful - the rooms are not in the best of shape.
4 "Won" this place on priceline and paid a decent price even in the midst of the Phoenix Open.  Let us check in early (noon), ended up with a beautiful golf course view.  Only stayed overnight, but had no issues with timeshare sales pitch or anything.    The suites (because they are suites, not rooms) are really beautiful, very modern, clean and sleek.  We thought the bed was comfortable and love beds that have the white duvet!  Fully stocked kitchen, although we did not need to use it for our 24 stay.  Keirland shopping within 2 minute drive, all you could ever want in shopping and dinning.  We could have gone to use the pool over at the Westin hotel but we did not.  However, I have been there before and it's worth the trip over if you want to hang by a beautiful pool.  Did not have much interaction with staff, but those we did were friendly.  Only downside is checkout is 10am...worked fine for our stay, but something to be aware of as you check in.
4 3.5-stars for amenities only. The basic room was nothing special at all. Nice but for that price, I expected more. Also, in addition to that, you have to pay a $20 per day resort fee to use the steam room/sauna/hot tub! That should be included. The back patio has a great view of #s 7 & 9 from the Acacia course and expensive cocktails are available...overall the golf club staff was great and very helpful. Beware of expensive cab rides to any destination. Might want to consider a car rental if you plan to take in any sites or dine away from Kierland area.  There's a Hertz desk in the lobby.
5 Just got home from a fabulous week at the Villas for spring break. Last year, we stayed at the main hotel/resort, but this year we tried the Villas. LOVE the villas, but make sure you get a room with a good view... We did have to change rooms mid-stay bc our first room overlooked the parking lot! We are SPG owners so this did not go over well... however, Andy at the front desk went above and beyond to help rectify the situation, and we loved the second room for 4 nights! (Thanks Andy!!)   Great place to stay with the family- outside game areas (ping pong, pool, etc), two great pools (one is an adult pool) and a fun slide (I lost my intertube going down in a race once (another side note: they have good entertainment throughout the day at the pool area for kids and adults too) - slide gets going pretty  fast!), delicious food in the market (and a sweet, helpful cashier who works weekdays endings and always remembered my name) with steel cut cinnamon oatmeal w dried fruit that I literally craved every morning- it was so good. Good deal on kids' belgian waffles too ($4).  We stocked our villa fridge up too for the week so we could have some breakfasts in the room. Great poolside service for drinks and lunches when enjoying the pool. Hotel has a new "flow rider" surf/wakeboard simulator that we loved. Breathtaking views. Cute rabbits, ducks, and Canada geese enhanced the stay, walking around the resort. Fire pits situated throughout the resort with cozy chairs to relax in, lit tiki torches at night, outside bar area poolside,  large stainless gas grills in two different areas for outdoor grilling/tools needed, and seating available to guests as well.  Luxurious spa at the hotel (quick 5 min walk along golf course there, or shuttle ride) and great workout facilities too at both hotel and villas.  Shuttle service took us frequently to the nearby Scottsdale Commons or Quarters for shopping and/or great restaurants! (Love to go to Grimaldi's Pizza whenever we are there, as well as True Foods, etc.)  This is becoming our spring break tradition. We will be back at the Villas next year too. Great golf and fun to go to some spring training baseball games. I think a couple of MLB teams stayed here too... But I wasn't supposed to know that. ;)
4 Great place to bring family for spring break.
5 The Westin Kierland Villas (not to be confused with the adjacent Westin Kierland Resort) provide great accommodations for small families looking for a Spring Break or Spring Training trip.  The kids will fall in love with the waterslide and pool, and you will fall in love with the fact that you don't have to share a room with your child.  PROS: -- Golf course view from our 1-bedroom, top floor villa.  In addition to golfers, we saw bunnies in the morning and nice sunsets in the evening. -- The villa was nice and quiet.  We didn't hear noises from any of our neighbors. -- Plenty of space for a small family of 3 with the bedroom for the grownups and pull-out couch for the younger one. -- The kitchen had enough space for us to make breakfast (mini-fridge, toaster, stovetop, dishes, cooking implements all included) and included soap and towels. -- All the usual Westin amenities you expect - clean rooms, heavenly bed, heavenly shower, Westin toiletries, etc. -- The bathroom can be accessed from the living room or bedroom so kids sleeping in the living room don't need to waltz through your bedroom in the middle of the night. -- Washer and dryer in the villa with laundry soap. -- Plenty of on-site activities for the whole family - pool, waterslide, putting green, ping-pong, foosball, bar, etc. -- No pressure to buy a timeshare.  We were asked once upon check-in, said no, and they didn't ask again. -- No resort fee and free WiFi. -- Free continental breakfast on Mondays.  They have folks talk about different activities you can pay for (golf, Jeep tour, etc.) but no pressure to do anything. -- Easy access to the Westin Kierland Resort right next door.  It's about a 7 minute walk or a quick shuttle ride away. -- Easy access to Kierland Commons (shopping and dining) via quick shuttle. -- The concierge got us reservations at North in the Kierland Commons on a night when there were plenty of people waiting.  The food was a hit for the whole family. -- Housekeeping gave us a 6-pack of Pacifico when people down the hall checked out and left beer in their room.  Score!  CONS: -- The pool can get really crowded.  People grab towels and reserve chairs shortly after the pool opens making it very difficult to find an open chair (let alone enough for a small group to sit together). -- The Villas have moved up to SPG Category 6 (20,000-25,000 points per night).  This obviously makes it much tougher for SPG members to enjoy. -- The Villas are a fair distance away from Old Town Scottsdale, downtown Phoenix, and Tempe.  Take that into consideration if you want to be more centrally located. -- There is no window or deck access from the living room without going through the bedroom.  Not a big deal but something to consider.  TIPS: -- Make sure you ask for a higher floor and a room facing the golf-course.  There are a number of rooms facing the pools, so if you are planning on being in your room during the day the screaming/laughing kids may annoy you. -- If you are healthy enough to walk around, walking to the Resort may be faster than waiting for the shuttle.  It is a quick, pleasant walk as long as it's not 100 degrees outside. -- The pools at the Resort are much larger and have much more deck space than do the pools at the Villa.  They also have a larger waterslide, a lazy river, and the Flowrider (wave machine).  If you have kids you may want to skip the pools at the Villa and just head straight to the Resort once you eat breakfast. -- Even though you have to check out at 10:00 a.m., you can still use the facilities at the Villas and the Resort, which means you can still get an extra day of sun and fun before you head home. -- There are plenty of grocery stores within driving distance so no need to load your car with food.  Just make a quick trip to the grocery store and stock up your villa.
5 I love Westin and we have stayed here twice now. Great pools & great service! We brought my 11yr old and my 2yr old and they both had a great time. Traveling for our anniversary the consierge sent us champaign :) and everyone else we encountered we're super friendly! We took the shuttle over to the hotel so my husband could do the FlowRider! Super fun! Plus they have a lazy river! Just awesome! Never disappointed!
5 The defining difference between the Westin Kierland and other Villa "Timeshare" type resorts was that you didn't feel at all like the amenities were lacking as compared to the hotel side of the resort. The lobby was very nice, service was excellent, poolside drink and food service was available. There is even room service available which is rare.  The room was clean and very spacious. I would recommend asking for a 3rd floor room. Most of the rooms lining the golf course have trees in front of them blocking any view, but the 3rd floor provides spectacular scenery. There is a full kitchen and refrigerator in the Deluxe room which is great if you are bringing children. I think the standard room has a kitchenette, but not sure.  You can jump on a really convenient 2 minute shuttle to the hotel side of the resort. A larger pool and a lazy river await as well as the "flowrider" surf simulator. Note: the flowrider is not complimentary and has to be booked. Appointments are easy to make though and from 4:00 pm on it is considered happy hour and much cheaper. You can also take the shuttle to the Scottsdale Commons about 1 minute away where there are world-class restraunts and shopping. We literally didn't leave that area the whole time, so I wouldn't be too concerned with not being near old-town Scottsdale. Trust me, you will not feel any void with the amount of choices you have in the immediate area.  If you are an SPG member, check out the AAA rate and avoid trying to book with starpoints. At 20,000 per night I would say it's not the best exchange rate and the cash rates are very reasonable.  Overall a great experience.
4 My family and I have been coming here for the past 4 years every summer for our annual staycation.  The rooms are big and clean and the Heavenly beds are just that - heavenly.  The Villas pool can get a bit busy during the peak summer months and there are tons of kids every where.  You can also take the shuttle or drive over to the main hotel and swim in their main pool that has a lazy river, a beach and the wave runner thing - which is $45 to do.   There are daily activities going on every day and some you have to pay for.  Same goes with the main hotel pool.   Service here is pretty friendly.  Especially at the front desk.  When we checked in, the guy at the front desk allowed my son to come sit on the check in counter and he helped him make our room keys.  That was pretty awesome and my son loved it.    As a timeshare owner, the housekeeping came only once - on Tuesday.  If we want them to come more often, there are fees for it depending on what you wanted: $8 for towel service, $25 full room cleaning, etc.    Cabana rental used to be a flat $50 per day fee, but now they are charged based on tiers and which tier you want to use.    The only thing I don't like is how the pool closes so early - 8 pm.  And the slide closes at 6 pm.  Another negative is that the wi-fi there is horrible.  I always end up having to use my 4G network to get better internet which eats into my data plan.
4 There is a certain standard of excellence that I expect with the Westin chain and for the most part the Kierland Villas delivered to this standard.  The staff was friendly and accommodating, the suites beautifully appointed, the grounds were well manicured and included a couple of swimming pools, there was a well equipped gym and business center and a lovely lobby. The Villas are in very close proximity to the Westin Kierland Resort, the Kierland Common shopping area and the Kierland golf club.  What the Villas lacked was what the adjacent Westin Kierland Resort has: a spa, shopping and dining options.  Guests of the Villas have full privileges at the Resort but getting there is a 10 minute walk (at 106 degrees, not fun) or waiting for a shuttle to take you back and forth (again, not fun).  The argument that we have a full kitchen in our villas so we don't need a restaurant might be true if most people actually wanted to cook while they are on vacation. Really, who does that?  There was a deli on site but it didn't cut it for dinner time.  Overall, a lovely experience.
5 The rooms here are huge.  There is a full kitchen and dining room.  Its a large 1 bedroom condo essentially.  Its definitely a lot quieter than the regular Kierlands hotel.  Its pretty dead at night.  If you are 60 and over you will love this place.  The night dies at 6pm.  Bed time is 700pm.
2 Ask to be off the ground floor if you can. We had no views and we were told not to leave our screen open since lots of things could wander in (like snakes and scorpions, etc.). Also, we could hear the family above us waking up early and running all around during our stay. At check-in they upgraded us to a 1-bedroom premium villa, but I actually kinda wish we had the deluxe studio side in this particular Westin, only because the layout was a little better and it was just my husband and I so we didn't really need all the space.  The valet/bellman here was very sweet and helpful. But after checking in, we went to the concierge and were "helped" by Allan (who initially avoided eye contact with us as we approached him since he was the only concierge unoccupied, and when he finally did engage us it was with this rude and unimpressive attitude). He honestly made our trip suck. He recommended 2 restaurants for my birthday dinner that were god-awful. We asked him for his recommendations on a place with local-flare and high-end service (comparable to The Mission in Old Town). He recommended Sol Mexican Cocina (which was chain-like and had disgusting food and drink - fish stick calamari & margaritas that they brag are made with sour mixes) and the Westin's restaurant Deseo. The restaurant Deseo is utterly underwhelming - if atmosphere and service are factors you care about in a dining experience, pass on this place.  The shuttle service is hit or miss, but if you by any chance are picked up or dropped off by Casey, this guy is awesome and super helpful!  The grounds are also "hit-or-miss," there was a lot of trash left unpicked up, cob-webs  and dust. The pool could be really cool (and for kids I'm sure is absolutely awesome), but again the pool-chairs had cob webs on them and looked tired and disheveled (even though they were the on higher-quality side of lounge chairs).
5 This has become my happy-place!  The accommodations are lovely, the staff are kind and considerate, and the pools are awesome!! I highly recommend this place to everyone!
5 I arrived and instantly felt like Had reached nirvana!! Anything that your heart desires the staff will do their best so that it comes to you!! I had the privilege of being assisted by Katy who is wonderful! The villas are super comforting. Defiantly make use of the pool!  when you are  not poolside or at the bar, snuggle up by the outdoor fire with a glass of wine and let the Arizona night sky take you away! I recommend taking a golf lesson with Tyler at the country club he is kind, he gives you positive feedback and guides you in getting a few steps closer to being a pro golfer!!! If your looking into being an owner Lindsey is super vivacious and informative! Also you must enjoy a few hours at the agave spa!
1 I had vacationed at the Westin Kierland Villas and while we were there my son contacted a MERS / Staph Infection.  I had called and spoke with the front desk and they transferred me to the Head of Security for the Pool.  The rudeness that I was given, attitudes from the 2 people I spoke with was disgusting.  The response I received from them was " well what do you want us to do about it".  I was calling to let them know about his infection and they did not care to help me in any way.  And that we spent 5 days in and out of doctors offices because the medications were not working.  There pool with the slide was like bath water and you could not see the bottom of it even the lifeguard said to me you have balls going in that water,  if you cannot see the bottom I would not be going in there.  That was not very convincing to me.  I will never stay back at this timeshare again.  Just for the way that we were treated. Pure rude and disgusting for a Westin.
