1 1 Word. Yucky.  I guess I have "high standards" being from New York, but between the pizza and the grossly overpriced, watery sauced, rubbery "Chicken Parmigiana", I don't think I'll be making a return visit to this place.  Mediocre service. I've had much better, and in a climate with such fierce competition for the consumer's dollar - I think they should try harder.
1 Bread for the sandwiches taste terrible, the pizza is awful, service sucks. If you see this place keep driving as a matter of fact try not to even look at it. It just ruins my appetite every time I do.
3 I ordered a large gourmet veggie pizza  and a side of 12 suicide wings last week. The pizza was really good. I liked the thin crust and the vegetables. It was a big size, and everyone filled up on it. The wings were very greasy and not very good. They were like chicken ball shaped, and not like wing. The suicide was also not that hot.   The service was ok. The girl who took my order wasn't as friendly as she could have been. It was ready when they said though, and everything was there.  What I dont like is that I went to pick it up and it was a 33 dollar tab. That is very expensive I feel. Too much for what we got. I will just order from another place next time that is cheaper. I am glad that I got to try it though.
3 Definitely not bad; not really good either. It's nice that the garlic knots are complementary and pretty good. Nice discounts offered. Will not be back.
1 What an awful experience! Service was lacking in everyway. What I wanted to order was no longer on menu. However, menu stated "new".When food came out, I lost my appetite.Left Asap! HORRIBLE
4 Based on all the bad reviews I was very leery of trying this place but hubby wanted broasted chicken so.....here we are.  He was happy with his chicken although cole slaw and macaroni salad leave a lot to be desired.  I ordered a 10" pizza with tomatoes and mushrooms.  I must have low standards because I liked it and DID NOT think it was overpriced.  To each his own, I guess.  Some people are snobs and some people are low rent.  Service was good and our orders arrived within a reasonable amount of time.  We will be back.
1 I placed an order for delivery tonight...took them well over an hour to get here. The delivery man (who I later found out was the "manager") forgot the 2 liter at the store. I call back and the young girl who took my order answered the phone. I let her know he forgot the soda and she said he was on his way back to the store to pick it up and he would be back. 15 mins later I called back and she then informed me he was just now leaving and would be here in 5 mins. By this point the street fries are even more cold than they were when I got them. My girlfriend goes to the store and csame back before the manager even got here with the 2 liter. He kept saying " next time free two liter on us." As if there will ever be a next time. The one plus was the pizza was pretty good....after heating it up in my oven. Never again.
2 The name is deceiving, not anything at all like NY style pizza, not even close! Was hoping to get pizza like back home and was disappointed to say the least. The wings were good. The pizza was very doughy, not thin, dough was definitely not handmade. It tasted pre-made. It was very salty, not enough cheese, too much spice in sauce, and even more dry seasonings sprinkled on top, which is totally not necessary. If you're not used to East Coast style pizza then this place would probably be acceptable. Won't eat there again.
1 Horrible service place. Our waitress walked right past us. No word.    We watched as she asked other people what they wanted.  Really.  No silverware. No napkins.
