4 I am a fan of Sportsters - but not necessarily for what it tries to be.  Sportsters is, probably pretty obviously, a sports bar.  There are tvs everywhere, even at the tables.  Some of the tables even have what appears to be playstation controls ... does this mean you can come here, drink beer and play playstation?  If that's really what's going on, then wow, that's pretty amazing.  But, I'm not actually a big sports nut, so that's not why I enjoy it here (oh and my guy friends have informed me that they play more football than any other sport, so if you're looking for a good sports bar where you can watch rugby, this probably isn't the place for you). What I enjoy about this place is that NO ONE goes here.  Yes I realise that shouldn't necessarily make for a good review, but trust me, it's great.  This is the perfect place to come with a big group of friends on a weekend.  Last time I was here, we walked in about 9pm, got a huge table and never once had to wait in crowds at the bar.  Oh and Fosters was on special so the pints were 2 4 1 (1.40 each) ... even if they weren't on special, I feel I'm hard-pressed to find a pint for under 3 pounds these days and their pints are.    I also discovered that they do food here - admittedly I don't know too much about it other than their chicken strips are pretty awesome.. but the fact that they serve food makes it so you can't just order a bag of crisps, which can be pretty annoying when all you want to do is pay 50p for something to munch on.  If you're looking for a scene, or to meet people - this is NOT the place for you.  If you're looking to hang out with your friends, maybe listen to some live music (they have an awesome live act on Friday nights), and not have to wade through people to get to the bar... then this is definitely the place for you.
3 Sportsters is one of those bars which is desperately trying to be like those American sports bars you see in the movies. They have TV screens everywhere at every angle so you won't miss a second of the football. Because that is pretty much what this place is- a place to watch the football, with your mates while having a pint and something to eat. Its definitely a lads lad sort of place. I'm not really a football fan so this doesn't really appeal to me, but if you like to watch sport then this place is ideal. Heck they even have TV screens in the booths. That is pretty impressive methinks.   I quite like the food here. The portions are massive and its great for a big group to have lunch at. Its the type of menu you would expect from a bar but it is done quite well. I enjoy the Caesar Salad, and they used to do this massive sharing dessert which was basically a huge bowl of ice cream, marshmallows, chocolate and sauce. I'm not 100% sure if they still do it.   I find the drinks to be quite expensive which means I won't go for a night out here.
3 Big pay per view sporting events (such as boxing) are what these places specialise in. Hosting a ridiculously large amount of viewing screens and neat little booths to pile you and your chums into, Sportsters is a good choice for the sports enthusiast.  By no means would I recommend this place for anything other than watching a sporting event and sipping a beer (you wouldn't come here for a quiet drink put it that way!) I recently watched the David Haye Vs John Ruiz fight here and considering the place was packed, I never missed a second of the action or a decibel of the commentary.
3 To be honest, I only ever really used to come to Sportsters because it's attached to City nightclub, which I used to frequent every Wednesday evening a wee while back, (Ok, truthfully, not a wee while back, about four years ago when I was still living a carefree life of reckless abandon as a student).  My friends and I found that queuing up for Sportsters and getting into City nightclub through this devious route, was easier than waiting in the often mile long queue that used to snake down Market Street for entry into the main club. So therein lies my experience of Sportsters. However, I do have something useful to tell you about this expansive, shiny bar. The clue is in the name, and if you have any sports match, game, or tournament you desire to watch, here you have guaranteed screens for your viewing delight in every available space, plus you can get food and cheap beverages to go with it.
3 I'm not really into sports - you would know that if you ever saw my hips - but Sportsters is a playground for those who are. I've been here for a few big events, most recently the Superbowl. It has a great atmosphere and is always busy if there's a big event on. I went with my ex boyfriend and his football team, so we got in free but they were charging £7 at the door - crazy!! Whenever there is a sporting event everyone gets really into it here. And during the breaks, there is a playstation at each table - cool!! One of the good things about Sportsters is they have small screens on each table, so when you can't see the big screen properly you have your own personal one!  Their food is ok too - we had nachos and there were a bit scarce with the cheese (the best bit in my opinion...maybe that explains the hips)
3 This seems to be the place of choice for those who are into two things. Sports games and heavy drinking.  Being into only one of those two things (guess which one) I was semi-reluctant to go to a place called Sportsters. There was a football match on that my mates wanted to see and I had agree'd to go and watch it with them.   My overall opinion was this place does only one thing well - the sports. it's clearly how this place survives, by providing such a range of sports and many booths/televisions to watch it in. Everything else seems somewhat below par  - the food and the bar staff especially.  Despite that, I had a good timee - but that might have been the heavy drinking side of things.
4 Sportsters is the ideal place to come to watch just about any major sporting event whilst enjoying some moderately priced drinks.  They show anything on their large screens from American football to rugby league and there's plenty of comfortable seating to spectate it from.  Although being sports orientated it is still a good pub to come and enjoy a drink with friends even if the match is of only peripheral importance.  The reason I haven't given it five stars is because it is a bit of a lad's lad sort of place and I know a lot of girls who moan about it because their male companions spend the evening open-mouthed and staring at the screens. As a member of Edinburgh Uni rugby club we have our own 'VIP' room upstairs which we use every Wednesday and Saturday nights after the matches before heading out.  Here we get pints for about £1.80 and the staff are also good enough to serve us hot food.  The bar staff are extremely tolerant of us and I've never had a bad evening in Sportsters.
