1 Credit card fraud, anyone?  Attempted to cancel my "no contract" membership after the owner, Henry, screwed up on my billing twice in less than a month. Was assured account was canceled and was refunded $40 that was incorrectly billed to me.   January 28 was billed another $40, 3 weeks after account had been canceled and had been assured by other owner Joel that account was closed and taken care of.   Called and was met with an incompetent employee who didn't know what was going on and assured me that he would have one of the owners call me shortly after. Waited around for several hours before leaving an unpleasant voicemail with them, informing them that charging my CC further without authorization was considered fraud, and I would be pressing charges if they did not refund the money.  2nd owner, Joel, called me and was extremely condescending, telling me if I hadn't been unpleasant that he would refund, but because I had told them it's CC fraud and was angry during my voicemail that he would be fighting to keep my money. He also told me he's never had a problem with any of his customers, which I find hard to believe. He eventually did refund it, however I was extremely displeased with the poor customer service. Apparently you're not supposed to be angry when your CC is billed incorrectly 3 times in under 60 days?   Avoid this place at all costs unless you want to deal with extremely incompetent staff and repeated unauthorized charges on your credit card.
3 Well, this gym is now under new ownership and I hate to say, is even worse.   We were excited to see it reopen thinking we would go to the gym more with it being close to home again, only to walk in and find that new ownership completely stripped it down to the bare necessities. They removed nice equipment and replaced it with old equipment that is missing pieces and seems kinda dirty to me (maybe just cause it's old but I do remember seeing mud on the treadmills...uggh). They removed the tanning beds. They removed the seating area. They removed the lockers. There isn't a place to even put your car keys now!  I haven't seen any of the old members come back. The only clients I have seen are groups...some sort of Boy's Club which took up all of the cardio machines and then there was a group of men standing around watching football (turned it up so loud that it completely drowned out the music) while another guy they were with worked out.  This gym is in an exclusive neighborhood but it may as well be in the ghetto as far as I'm concerned.  We will gladly keep making the drive to the Anytime Fitness on 1510 West Horizon Ridge Parkway, Henderson, NV 89012 where the owner, Jack, ensures that everyone walks away with a great gym experience.  ****Update:  I have given this location another chance and while I still prefer the Horizon Ridge location, this one has definitely improved. It has gained another star from me. There is now a sofa and reading material as well as a bulletin board for members to post their business cards etc (I love when businesses have something like this...it tells me they care about their clients). While the hand sanitizer dispensers were removed during the change of ownership, there are wipes that can be used for that purpose as well as for the obvious purpose of wiping down the equipment you used. And, I am very pleased that the trainer Karen (I think that is her name) returned. She is always so nice and personable! Haven't noticed any boys club groups working out anymore either.
1 This review goes along with Shellby (because i was the friend that went)  This place is a joke! The salesmen David needs more training he was so agreesive and pushy without a convincing sales pitch. And for the rates they are offering and the facilities they have I would rather join a 2 year at LVAC. I mean come on 49.99 for a membership to a gym that looks like you can make it in your own garage....i think not. The main reason we went to this location is because of a free 30 day trial...and even after the rude treatment from David....i still wanted to try but my friend was not happy. I hope he likes his business because at the rate he going he wont have it for long
4 This Anytime Fitness has done a complete turn-around.  From a small space that was not well maintained, it has moved into a much larger, 2-story facility with new equipment and really nice facilities (same shopping center).  There is even a big high-tech automated electronic workout room.  They also boast some of the best trainers I have seen.  These are people with real expertise -- not some 6-week wonders hired by some of the big chains.  The place is clean and well maintained and is really comfortable to be at.  The bathrooms are private with showers.  Most cardio equipment is upstairs on a balcony overlooking the rest of the gym. Really nice design.  Also, membership rates are really reasonable.  They have really turned my opinion around 180 degrees.
1 Long story short STAY AWAY from this gym.  Worst gym/customer service I have ever experienced. -5 stars
1 The female manager at this club is the rudest, most unprofessional person we have ever encountered!  My friends and I have called this location SEVERAL TIMES with simple inquiries, and we've been treated rudely, hung up on twice, and belittled.  She refuses to quote any prices over the phone, is very hostile, and gets frustrated and angry easily.  If the question is too tough for her to answer, she simply hangs up on you.  Read all the other reviews about this club.  Corporate will be receiving a complaint.  GO TO ANOTHER CLUB.  OTHER OWNERS AND MANAGERS CARE ABOUT THEIR PATRONS.
1 As a former member of this location, my contract didn't expire until the end of 2013.  In an effort to close out my account, I paid off the existing balance.  I had heard rumors that although I closed the contract, I should watch my credit card statement because this particular location has a reputation for continuing to charge credit cards with the assumption that the charge will not be noticed.  Surprise!  I checked today and I was charged for a contract that has been paid in full.  A franchise is only as good as the location.  This "owner"  is an experienced con artist based and needs to be shut down.
5 Wow, wow, wow! Consider my mind blown! This place has turned itself completely around thanks to the new owner and location! It's seriously AMAZING now! It's super spacious with a plethora of workout equipment, and not just standard equipment either. They have things for crossfit enthusiasts and even a room designated for classes that you can program to your liking. I am really impressed and looking forward to renewing my membership here.
5 This gym has EVERYTHING you need for functional fitness, cardio, bodybuilding and even rehab. I have never seen anything like their classroom. I was sold before my tour and I expected rates to be much higher. Perfect atmosphere.
4 Parking (5/5) Parking is very easy, close and clean. I never had an issue finding a parking spot, even on busy days.   Ambiance (5/5): This gym has the most awesome music system. You can put your choice of music on the speakers using an iPad that is on the stand. This is particularly awesome when I go and workout after 11PM, since I am the only one there and I can workout to Dub step without annoying anyone.  Service (3/5) It's an interesting gym. This gym is open 24/7 for 365 days. Staff is only available on normal working hours (7AM to 10PM), weekend hours  (7AM to 8PM).  Co-ed bathroom/showers are clean. The only issue that I have with that it takes them really long time to fix broken equipment. Some of the treadmills have been broken for more than 3 weeks.  There is also a room where you can take different classes by using the videos that are pre-loaded on the system. It's a good addition to all the general work out equipment like (elliptical, weights, punching bags, etc.)  Overall (4/5), it's a good gym that fits anyone's schedule for ($30/month). Initially they will charge you $50-70 for a key fab, activation feed and first month. Its clean and working out on your personalized music is a lot of fun. You can get a free day's pass to check out this gym.
5 Everything a person could want. Tanning, an on-demand fitness room, cardio with a view, and knowledgeable personal trainers. And located in Seven Hills!
5 I've been a member of many different gyms over the years and I have to say this is the first time a gym owner/manager has kept their word on how they operate and maintain their gym. The gym is kept clean and the equipment is well maintained. The owners/managers are some of the friendliest people I've met in the Henderson area. I've seen the owner walking around giving the members bottled water and protein bars, I've never seen any other gym owner do that. The people who workout at this gym have all been very friendly and there is no macho attitude. As long as I live in the Henderson area this is the gym for me.
1 Owner and Staff are terrible. ZERO customer service. You would think that customer service and friendliness would be a priory, not at this gym. Equipment is broken and have not been fixed. Jump ropes, fans and other equipment have disappeared and after numerous request by members and trainers, the requests have been ignored. Complaints to corporate have been made with no response. Also, the gym is not cleaned often enough. Floors and machines are dusty and unkept. Bathrooms are not maintained with adequate paper supplies.  If you have any issues or concerns, do not expect anything to be done. They have completely disregarded all requests.  I do not recommend this gym.
