4 Being too "frugal" to rip out a perfectly good, if not ugly, bathroom vanity top, I decided to look for ways to improve upon the "cultured marble" 80's look that was going on.  After talking with my co-worker and fellow-Yelp-er, Robert, I decided to go the "refinish" route instead of "rip it out" and put in new.    After checking the internet I came across a company called "Miracle Method."  If you get a chance and you're thinking of having your bathtub, tile, vanity or kitchen countertop replaced, check out this company first!  I did get an estimate on ripping out the tile around my tub and having a new floor installed, but that would have still left me with a no so great looking tub and an ugly vanity.  Oh, and the estimate I received from the "other" place didn't provide tile so after all was said and done, I wouldn't be saving anything.  So I bit the bullet and decided to spend the $1,600.  So the job was started promptly at 8:30a.m. on Tuesday by "Shawn."  A very nice young man who obviously likes what he's doing.  (Sometimes hard to find in folks these days!)  Tuesday involved cleaning, prepping and spraying the tub.  Wednesday the tub was finished off then the tile and vanity were prepped and sprayed.  Time on Thursday was spent applying several layers of sealant to the tile area and vanity top.  Friday was a quick visit.  Shawn cleaned everything up and returned it to a much better than original version of a master bath.    I'm very happy about the final results and I'm seriously considering having my main bathroom redone as well.  Again, if you're thinking about making changes to your bath or kitchen, check out Miracle Method as a possible solution to your problem!  I'm a fan!
5 Fantastic!!!  Miracle Method of Tempe just completed my shower & vanity in my master bath.  It was my first experience with them and I am glad I found them.  They took a 1978 master bath & made it look NEW!  It is incredible.  The entire team, from the owner, Shawn to Robin - in the office & Bob the technician were absolutely wonderful to work with.  I have another bath & a half that I will definitely use Miracle Method.
5 Update, I just had my second bath & shower refinished by Miracle Method. They did my Master Bath several months ago, which turned out fantastic! So, I had them back for my 2nd bath. Once again, it is fabulous  & I just love it.  Shawn & his team are just incredibly talented. They take it from looking old to NEW! 5 Stars to Shawn, Robin & Bob.
3 I have not ordered any of their services (no current need) but, I have heard great things. The office staff is knowledgeable and personable.
5 Very happy with the service I received from Miracle Method. My bathtub and tile look amazing and the customer service was top notch.
