5 Great, great doctor!  I started seeing her before I got pregnant and once I did get pregnant, there was nobody else I would have gone to.  She brings the "human" in the often cold and straightforward dealings with doctors in general.  She is thorough, GENTLE, and thank goodness for her humor!!  Not enough great things to say about Dr. Keller, I highly recommend her!  I can't wait for her to deliver my baby!! Her office staff is really nice, too.
5 Dr Keller is the bomb. She is amazing. Till I met her, I used to hate going for my yearly appointments and would do anything to avoid it. Now, I still hate going for my appointments but I don't do anything to avoid it. Huge step up in my health care regiment.   Dr Keller is at A Woman's Place Obgyn in Henderson. Nice and clean facility with a friendly staff. Dr Keller is extremely friendly, personable and she knows how to make you comfortable in the most uncomfortable of positions. She's honest, caring and gives you good advice. She has never tried to sell me additional services or freak me out unnecessarily (I've had that happen at previous doctors a myriad of times) and she has a great sense of humor.  I would recommend Dr Keller to any female that would like a friendly, caring, extremely competent and reliable obgyn. As my dad would say....health is wealth :)
1 I would like to preface this review by saying that I have NEVER in all my 24 years been compelled to write a review online.  My experience today was so upsetting that I felt it had to be shared.  I live in north Las Vegas, but I was recommended to Dr. Keller for my yearly exam.  Things went smoothly, and I shared some personal information with her about my sex life.  Months later, she had somebody from her office call me about a new medication she would be offering that she thought would be helpful for me. I was excited! Not once throughout this conversation was it mentioned that neither my consultation nor the medication would be covered through my insurance.  I showed up this morning, and after 20 minutes of not being acknowledged by anybody at the front desk, they called me up to inform me that they had "forgotten to tell me that my insurance would cover none of this and it would be $150 dollars cash."  Their words exactly. Horrible communication skills and very unprofessional.  They apologized and said that that their computers were down this morning so they could not call and inform me.  I told them that they should have shared this information on the phone when they called me fishing for business.  It was a horrible waste of my morning and my gas money.  I showed a bit too much trust, but I will definitely never be back there.  Although I feel like most of this was going on without Dr. Keller even knowing, if her office staff is this incompetent then I will find another doctor.
5 I have been seeing Dr. Keller for about 5 years regularly (I am 25 now).   When I first saw her I was 19 or 20 and was simply looking for a gyno I felt comfortable with. When I met her I immediately felt at ease as she is incredibly charismatic and has a great sense of humor.   At that time in my life I was having severe blood pressure issues and heart palpitations which I was on a high dosage of medication for. I had been to several cardiologists...all of which questioned me incessantly about drug use as "this just doesnt happen in girls your age naturally."  On one of my visits to Dr Keller she acknowledged my heart issue and suggested I get off birth control and get the Mirena IUD as it may have been the hormones causing the issue. At 19 or 20 I was apparently the youngest patient she had ever given an IUD to. My blood pressure issues immediately went away and I have had zero problems since. I am grateful to her for digging just a little deeper than all the other doctors did to find the cause of the issue rather than just treating the symptom.  I have recommended several of my friends to Dr. Keller and will continue to see her as long as I am in Las Vegas.
2 She judges. 'Nuff said.
5 Great doctor! She is very understanding and listens to me. She takes her time to make sure that all my questions are answered. She thinks outside the box and always makes sure that all my problems are addressed.  I would recommend her to ANY one that wants a great doctor!!!
5 I LOVE DR MARIA KELLER! She is bright and very knowledgeable about many ways to improve my health. Thanks Dr. Keller for putting the "Groove" back in my life!
1 Extremely unpleasant woman. She was abrasive, rude, and treats you like an idiot. She didn't read my chart before hand and couldn't answer my questions. She doesn't listen to you. I've been to more doctors than anyone should have to at my age. This was by far the worst experience I've had. Honestly, it was a total waste of time.   As an aside, they charge two dollars to pay with a debit card. I don't care about it really but its the principle of the thing.   The nurse was incredibly sweet though.
5 Best gynecologist in Las Vegas! She is so friendly and makes you feel very comfortable.  I don't know what I would do if she ever moved away! I recommend her to every gal I know.
4 The gal at the front desk is very nice. She informed me that she tried to get my files from my previous doctor at A woman's place. She faxed twice and called.. They still haven't sent them over. I'm so glad to be done with that place! It's so nice to deal with people that seem to actually care about you. The women working in the office are so important and I think a lot of times get over looked. This lady is a super stand out and deserves to be recognized.   Dr. Keller has a lot of personality and definitely tells it like it is. I appreciate her frank attitude and felt very confident in her ability. I'll definitely be back to see her.
