1 So I go into Basha's to grab a couple of coffees before my daughter's soccer game one Saturday morning. First of all, I think it is extremely tacky to be handed a cup and told to "walk over to the ice machine and fill the cup up with ice". Excuse me?? I didn't think ordering coffee was a team-building effort. So, after a brief pause of disbelief, I took the cup and walked over to the soda machine (which was filthy, by the way) and got ice. The woman put so much cream into the iced coffee that it was literally white.   On to my cafe mocha. Not hot enough and it tasted like it was regurgitated. The credit card swiper that I used was also filthy. It had crumbs on the the sticky and stained screen. I left feeling pissed, unsatisfied & longing for Starbucks. Never again.
4 With the plethora of grocery options in North Scottsdale, Basha's proves to be a very affordable option. We stop in every once and a while, and find the staff at this location to be very friendly.  The Basha's card really helps cut down the price on some items and helps us get great deals, such as Progresso Soups for $1. You can also purchase an inexpensive refillable cup and get refills for less than a dollar. Oh yeah, they have the BEST doughnuts and some pretty good pastries!
4 Maybe I'm the only one, but I really like having the convenience of a grocery store next door to where I work out (One Love Yoga). Even better is that it's Basha's, not AJ's, so the prices are a little lower for the area than most choices. The store is clean, they offer plenty of cold drinks, and the checkers are friendly. It's right off Scottsdale Rd and easy to see. The store front has that same, newer, light cocoa color to the building that is common in N Scottsdale. It looks nice and a little more inviting than some of the older stores in the valley. Free wifi too.
2 Ugh.  Bashas. I went here for the Wells Fargo, which is conveniently located inside. I went over to the deli to grab a quick lunch and was uninspired.  I must say, the latte I ordered from the bakery was pretty good-- so instead of 2 stars I'm going to give Bashas 3 stars.  Here's the deal-- as far as grocery stores are concerned, there is a very large, fancy Fry's nearby and an AJ's.
5 Best breakfast ever! They serve things I have never even heard of like some flip donut with cream cheese. I had a huge bagel and some delish donut and my mouth hit the floor when I paid. I literally thought she only swipped the cream cheese, I did not believe her when my order was under $2.00!! If you have never been there you need to go- ASAP! Thank you checker #201 you made my day! I have never had such a great bagel!!
