2 They lost my bag. The staff was NOT friendly, NOT helpful, and NOT helping. This was to one particular staff. She was 'helping' me, made me filled out all these documents, and then 'lied' that she did not promise to call after I signed. Escalation to manager was denied. WTF. It was ridiculous.  Luckily, another staff showed up AFTER me waiting/talking/arguing for a hour or so. She promised to call, and gave me a number in case I want to check the second day.  They found it, and the second lady called the second day. Hence the 2 stars. But then, still, if you are a small company, and you want to grow, you better work hard, if not harder than everyone.
4 I almost miss my flights on Frontier because they always seem to start boarding earlier than other airlines. This can be inconvenient but it can also be great to arrive at the destination earlier.   I did have some confusion on my last flight. I checked a carry-on bag at the gate but I forgot to provide my final destination to the flight attendant who also failed to ask. My bag almost continued with the plane into Indy even though I was going to Phoenix, but we were able to sort it out without losing a bag.  Comfort and amenities are a grade or two above Southwest, but Frontier does charge for checked baggage.
4 Frontier service is usually fairly good.  I enjoy the designs on their planes as well, and their hub in Denver is convenient for a lot of routes.  I wish prices were a little more competitive with Southwest.
1 Hit or miss.  I fly every month usually on United or AA.  On my way to Denver, CO: Pilot and crew were fun, engaged, and gave us helpful updates. Pretty comfy despite the fact that the plane was almost full. We arrived early 15 min early.  "ladies and gentlemen we are 15 min early to Denver, please keep this in mind when we're running 15 min late" -- pilot.  On the way back to Phoenix from Denver: SUCKed.  My group bought 4 tickets thru Expedia, prepaid for them. One of our kids got put on standby. Three of us were seated in the 8,9,10 rows while the poor standby kid got a seat in the 23 sections. What pissed me off was that they had tons of empty seats.  Minor issue: My seatback did not tilt back, it was stuck. The TV screen in front of me could not be turn off (other ppl's screens could be turned off),  Major issue: they served me a *SOILED BEVERAGE* It had clearly gone bad. Toxicity and Sourness radiated in my mouth on the first sip.  I am so turned off after this one experience that I will never fly this airline again unless all other airlines go out of business (which the gov't will prolly bail them out of anyways)  :/
3 I think sometimes it's amusing how when I go to talk to the ticket counter workers (in Denver) and they are bracing to tell me their standard lines about how they can't do anything for me so sorry blah blah blah . . . and then they see on my ticket that I am a member of the Ascent club.   Oh! Those 6 little letters!  Yes, I have elite frequent flier status on Frontier, thanks to bi-locating between Denver and Phoenix. For the most part I have had very little to complain about with Frontier. I have even less to complain about these days with my Ascent club, which gets me 2 free checked bags, stretch seating, free TV, late check-in, a few other things. It's good to be Ascent club.  For anyone not so blessed. Southwest is usually is the better value if you are checking a bag or two.
1 WARNING!!!!!! My recommendation is to run, not walk, from Frontier Airlines to the nearest Southwest Airline counter.  My family has lost over $200 in a classic bate and switch ponzi and "shame on" every employee for not standing up for what is right.
4 They've gotten better and better for me in the time since this review was written.   My last contact with them was a few days ago when I was having trouble redeeming some Groupons on their website. I called customer service and after waiting a few minutes I spoke with a rep who cheerfully booked four separate flights for me, patiently and manually entering my Groupon info for each one.  I think the acquisition by Republic has helped them overall. After Republic took over the in-flight cookies started. It still tends to suck if you aren't Ascent club (like just about any budget-centric airline does), but once you get there it's a good value. When I've had to fly Southwest or USAir I've been disappointed in comparison.
1 Having worked in customer service and as an Administrative Professional for 15 years, I have never run across such complications booking travel!  My December wedding requires lots of flights from the Midwest so I've been trying to use Frontier.  The flights keep changing ...  direct flights be come crack of dawn connection flights (not good considering my little sister  and dad have not ever flown before!), and each time I try to call and clarify things I get nothing but more confusion and smack talk.  Then I attempted to add my cousin's flight to the mix - big mistake!  The online portal is an ABSOLUTE MESS just like the customer service line I've had to call four times now.  I didn't write down my cousin's locator because I made the mistake of thinking they would actually get the emailed confirm sent!  When I called back they couldn't even find her by name ... I had to pull up my credit card statement to prove they charged me for it and in the mean time got nothing but smack talk from the Rep.  Not cool, not cool at all.  I have many, many years more travel coordination to do, it definitely will not involve Frontier.
1 HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!  Don't book with this airline unless you are extremely flexible with your flight times.  I booked FOUR flights on this airline and every time I get a minimum of THREE time changes.  I had to cancel two because the times were just not going to work.  They gave me a refund, that was the only good part...I didn't have to fight for the refund.  They send you emails just telling you matter of factly, oh by the way your flight has been pushed back 3 hours.  I will never use this airline again! What kind of hillbilly operation are they running here that they can't stay on schedule?
1 This review summarizes my initial check-in at the Frontier desk in the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport Terminal # 3, where poor customer service appears to be the norm, at least for today. I am already questioning my decision to fly Frontier even BEFORE I step on the plane. I've seen more interactive statues than the people who didn't assist me today. I was treated like an inconvenience rather than a customer.
4 I had a pretty good first experience with Frontier. I usually fly USair but someone else booked my flight. I almost always have to gate check my bag because I'm usually the last one on,  but since I volunteered my bag they let me board first. (That's a first for me!) The seats were nice and the service seemed fast (granted it was a smaller plane.ha.) I think I would still choose US just because of what I've heard about the flight time changes. That would mess me up, but no problems this time!
3 I had a voucher to use this trip because of a several hour delay last time I flew Frontier that had me arriving at my destination around midnight instead of 3 pm. When I tried to book online, the system would not take my voucher number and wanted to charge me full price. When I called customer service and explained my problem, Alicia was friendly and professionally handled my reservations with ease.   3 of the 4 legs of my trip were on time, with the last leg to Phoenix from Denver only 1/2 hour late due to a late arrival from Milwaukee. Because of the delay, we got free TV. One other leg gave us free TV because the movies weren't available.   The coffee is good, the choice of beverages is good,  and the crew's service is adequate but not exceptional.  If I continue to fly Frontier it will be because it flies into Akron-Canton AIrport from Phoenix with only one stop in Denver....a better option for me instead of flying to Pittsburgh, Cleveland or Columbus.
4 We decdied to try out Frontier, as it was the cheapest fare (w/ layover) to Vegas and from PHX for the holiday.  I was super surprised at the leg and hip room you get on these planes.  There are TVs in the headrests (for purchase of course), free earbuds, and bev service and good snacks to purchase available.   Fastest beverage service I have ever had, but the best part was the trip home. Frontier terminals aren't too crowded. The layover at the Denver airport was perfect (walked across the aisle of the terminal to our next gate) and asked for upgrade to exit row for the second leg, if they were available.  They usually cost and extra $40 for the added leg room, but the lady saw that we were pretty tall (I'm 5'10") and I asked nicely. Hell my 7' step father could fit in the exit row!  TVs are free for the planes with the busted units or really short flights. Just depends.  Checking a bag was only $20. We will definitely use them again if their prices stay that competitive.
1 Frontier airlines in Phoenix is horrible. I booked a flight with them to Denver because it was the cheapest, but I did not know it would entail an 8 hour delay and ZERO notification of it until the scheduled time to take off.  They gave everyone 7 dollar lunch coupons which cover about half of a meal at the airport and were very nonchalant and not apologetic whatsoever. The staff is lazy and apathetic, telling customers they are being laid off in September and talking bad about the company that they work for.  No efforts were made by airport staff to help me out with rescheduling my flight so I called customer service who was slightly more helpful but still no solution or compensation was available.  This company is being run straight into the ground and As a frequent flyer I would not recommend them to anyone that has the choice of another airline.
4 I had a good experience flying Frontier. I bought a last minute, one-way Frontier ticket because of the decent fare. After buying it, I read the many negative online reviews, so decided to build in extra time at Sky Harbor before my flight and lowered my expectations (and paid close attention to the number and size of my carry-on and personal bags- made sure I had room to fit my purse inside my suitcase so I could stowe my carry-on with books and computer at my feet.)  I ended up having 2 great, on-time flights, an easy connection, comfortable seats and an all-round satisfactory experience.  I fly often and like it when expectations and the experience are in sync.
5 From the gate agents to the flight crew I truly feel that this airline puts the customer first which is very rare these days. I am a Denver resident and travel on Frontier once a week for business and have never had a lost bag. I have also rarely been late to my destination. Of course there are times when the plane departs late, but they are almost always uncontrollable circumstances such as weather that would effect safety and are out of the airlines control.        Frontier is also in transition to become a low cost carrier. Everything will be a la carte from carry on bags to seat assignment. But I think this is a good approach because you only have to buy what you are going to use. So if you are a light traveler it will be possible to get some really cheap air fare. Kind of the same approach as Spirit but the difference is MUCH better customer service.  Go Frontier!  Cheers!
1 They might be the cheapest to fly , they also provide cheap service . Their staff is unhelpful and rude , taking satisfaction in denying service and help to their passengers. They don't offer you a standby  in case you could take your flight, they will ask for a fee to change your ticket, even if flight isn't half way full . Charges for carry one , soda ect . I wouldn't be surprised if soon  start charging passengers to use lavatory on their flights .  It might be the only airlines employees I never seen smiling and being polite . I'm sure they train their employees .... Is there special class how to make passengers experience the worst possible ? Sure seems like it
1 I remember when you didn't have to pay for carry on & refreshments... What happened to customer service! The stewardess looks like she just rolled out of bed & not very friendly. I guess you get what you pay for.  Even the guys loading bags were just tossing bags around, I get it it's their job but never seen any that were completely haphazard.
