4 This is THE cleanest Albertsons I've ever been in. I was just stopping in to get a cleaner,started walking the aisles. Every week I shop at 3 different markets to get everything. This Albertsons had quite a few items that I usually get at whole foods. A really good natural and organic section. The seafood section was flawless. I was also greeted by 3 different employees. I left off 1 star for price. A few items were clearly more expensive by as much as a dollar. Fresh fruits and veggies were reasonable.  When I left and rolled my cart outside, got a surprise. The cart return only goes ONE WAY and they seemed to be far away. I had to walk about 5 cars down and then over to the other side to  return my cart, so pay attention if you might do a lot of shopping.
4 This is my favorite grocery store. It's clean and the employees are kind. The produce department is really what sells it for me. Plenty of selection and fresh products. I've never have an issue with my produce going bad. I always find what I need whether it be brand name or store brand (which I find is of great quality).   Sometimes I wish they would bag my groceries more appropriately, but that is a hit-or-miss issue. That and the fact that some checkers seem irritated by re-usable bags.   I'm a regular :) and the current "duchess!" woooohoooo, LOL.
4 Coming from the bay area, I haven't seen an albertsons in a few years. We have luckys, which turned into albertsons, then back to luckys over a span of years.    Imagine my surprise when I saw they have video poker near checkout.  Place is clean. Service with a smile, and they still honor my albertsons rewards card from waaaaaaay back.  Oh yeah.....and I live around the corner......its nice
4 This particular Albertsons is super close to my house, therefore, I frequent it often. I find that the employees here are amazing! They are very friendly and helpful. They always greet you with a smile and are available to help find anything. For frequent shoppers like myself, the cashiers even remember you, which is a nice touch.   The actual store is very clean. The placement of items seems logical and I never have problems finding things in store. If there's something I want but don't see, they have a form you can fill out requesting that item.   The only complaint that I do have is that I always seem to shop when they are stocking items, even though I tend to vary my shopping times. Often boxes are left out in the middle of the aisles, making it difficult to squeeze through with the shopping cart. I find myself sometimes knocking into boxes or having to park my cart and run down an aisle to get something.
3 I stopped here before eating at the Panda Express in the shopping center. This is a new supermarket. When I shopped here the place was very clean. I saw an extraordinary selection of wine, cheese, fresh sea food, organic foods, and bulk snack nuts. There is a Total Photo and US Bank. The store is modern with sky lighting and modern fixtures. The only thing missing is a cafe.
4 The store is clean and the staff has always been helpful and courteous.
4 Impressed. This is a nice store. Great produce section. The aisles have the descriptions on the end caps so its easy to find what your looking for. Even a section with REAL asian beer and asian cooking wines which i havent seen in other Albertsons. I love the selection here and if it wasnt so far this would be my Albertsons that i would visit on a regular basis. Clean aisles, friendly staff as well.
5 Besides having a nice selection of produce, wines, and beers, the bakery personnel are awesome. My friends have been attending a few wedding fairs in preparation of their event and were shocked by the quality of cakes that Albertson's were producing. Seeing some of the pictures, this grocery store chain were making cakes that made some of the more famous Vegas bakeries look absurd.  I will admit that I was skeptical about the quality. It is one thing to see a few nice pictures, it is another to have it taste good. As the man of honor,  I set up a cake tasting. Without much notice, I talked with Mani and she set up the selection of cakes with filling and frosting on the side for the next day. For weddings; the choices of cakes consist of white, chocolate, marble, and red velvet. The fillings are raspberry, strawberry, lemon, and custard. Then they have a choice of butter cream or whipped cream frosting and fondant is used on some cakes.  To our surprise, the cakes were rather delicious. Not too sweet, moist, and simple. For a three tier cake that feeds 120+ people, it ran for $299 and to get it delivered outside of the 10 mile range only cost another $75.   Mani is the person to talk to. She was straight forward and made the process a breeze.
3 Solid grocery store in the suburban sprawl of Las Vegas. They have everything you need and video poker. Nothing special, nothing terrible.
5 This Albertsons is amazing. Checkers and staff are always friendly and courtious. Store is always clean. Drive thru SavOn Pharmacy is a bonus. I love this store so much that I even had my wedding flowers and cake done here.  Floral - Meredith ROCKS! She did exactly what I wanted. They dont have a book to choose things from. Just take in a picture and she will duplicate it. Great pricing too. She did my bridal bouquet, 2 matching boutineers and roses to match the cake. Flower shop quality at a lesser price.   Bakery - These chicks are amazing! My cake cake out super moist, great fudge filling, yummy whipped cream frosting, and gorgeous decoration. It was exactly what I wanted. Like the floral dept, grocery store price, trendy expensive bakery quality. I got a ton of compliments on how pretty it was and the taste, with some shocked expressions when I said it was from Albertsons. I'd suggest any bride to check out Albertsons for floral and bakery!
5 Super nice checkers Peggy, Carmallee, and Connie (store manager). Clean and very helpful meat and deli people!
4 I will admit I am not much of an Albertson's shopper because it seems like for the staples, they are a lot higher than some of the other places I do frequent. However, just recently at a Yelp Elite event, there were these excellent 'Skinny Cocktails' by VnC that we got to try and had wondered where they might be sold. My bff found them here at this Albertson's in all their selective glory (all of the flavors were available here).  So that was a huge plus; no running all over the place and only finding one flavor if any at all). Additionally they were suppose to have this wine that I like but they have the brand just not in White Zin :-(  We also found that they have the policy of charging in the butcher shop for the cut of meat you are getting not by the pound. That is kinda neat and possibly cost effective because if they say the filet is 8 bucks then all the filets you get are 8 bucks (big or small).   They also have a monopoly game going on at the moment where you have the chance of winning some pretty decent prizes. I'm not real big on games but so far all our pieces have been instant winners :-)
3 I feel like this Albertsons location is smaller than the one on Rainbow and Warm Springs, sometimes they have less stock of something.  The staff is always friendly.  Convenient to stop in after shopping on Blue Diamond.
3 Albertson's is my second choice when it comes to grocery shopping (Smith's being #1).  But I go to this location because it is right off of Blue Diamond on the way home.  The staff for the most part is friendly and prices are OK, but I don't see the same quality of sales as I do at Smith's.  I've never experienced any issues with freshness here and their private label brand is A-OK.  Make sure you get a rewards card, some items are extremely high priced without it.
5 One of the nicer Albertson's stores, clean, friendly staff & all around great products & produce.
