3 Eh.  The shopping was bad news. Nothing you couldn't find at any Asian import discount store.   Food was a slightly better prospect. The veggie samosa at one of the stalls was decent.  I felt sorry for the entertainers. The day was blisteringly COLD and they had to be up on that outdoor stage in what appeared to be not-warm-but-authentic costumes.  Most of the crowd watching was pretty apathetic (or maybe just frozen?). I hope they have warmer weather next year.
4 This was awesome! I'd never been to a Chinese new year celebration but I was excited to go. We showed up and waited in line for about 15 minutes. Its in a shopping center there int he middle of Chinatown on spring mtn. Tons of food and dancing.   FAVE: Absolute favorite thing: was the Lion dancing. OMg.. I've only seen that in movies and it was awesome to see it in real life. These guys must pracitce for hours to do this. It was only $3.00 to get in and it was definitely worth it.   PRIZES: They gave out "prizes" for coming to the event. We went to the back and rolled the dice and I got "red envelope" ... chafa... my bf rolled the dice and he got "red envelope".. the lady next to me won a beautiful blue/brownish ceramic noodle bowl. HUGE bowl.. her husband won the same and he seemed disappointed. I told him.. oh you dont want it. and he shook his head no.. I said " you want my red envelope?" he laughed.  I was serious.  lol.. j/k FOOD: we tried Pho's shrimp pad thai - mmm forgettable. but only $3.00 not bad. We went to a booth called "satay" .... i ordered teh chicken curry b/c ive never had it before....and never will again. not impressed. it looked like menudo to be honest. w/ more Potato than chicken - and it seemed to be swimming in this fatty broth. yuck. white rice and a water for $5.00 = well ive paid that much for water on the strip so ill let it pass. What was good was the lumpia -for $1. each. good stuff. saved the meal.   BOOTHS: tons of them everywhere trying to sell you jewelery, chinese clothing, shoes, hair accessories - lots of glitter crap you'll never wear but great for kids that love shiny things.   Next time we got to Chinatown I'll go with some boba tea..everyone was drinking it and it looked so good but i was maxed out for all the calories my body was allowed that day.   Fun afternoon- will definitely attend next years festivities...  When we got back to the car (park @ Wells Fargo when you go... ) my bf leans over and says.. "so babe.. do you want your red envelope now or do you want to save it for later? "
3 HB and I wanted to check out the celebration! All she wanted to do was play games but there werent too many for her to play. She got some game time in though - won a candy bar at the Yelp bean bag toss. Yay! I was hoping she would score the sunglasses though...  Lots of food booths and a stage with a bunch of different performances - good stuff! As I was walking around I felt there werent enough trash bins around though - maybe next year they will up their trash bin game! We dont wanna litter!!
4 As I was browsing on this site, I saw this event and had to go.  especially because I had never been to a Chinese New Year Celebration.  I love experiencing and learning about cultures and this was the perfect place to do that.  Year 2013 is the year of the snake, which is my year, so I made this festival a must! There was so much going on - performance's, giveaways, food, and goods.  I loved every second of it!  While I was there, I received a few key chains, t-shirt, reusable bag, and dice.  I also ate the tater on the stick which reminded me of being back in Korea.  you can get different seasonings on your taters, too.  The performers did a great job! I really enjoyed the dragon and lion dance at the end.  I have always wanted to see that and I'm glad I can cross that off my list.  The entry price was $3 and $1, which is not bad at all considering all that's included.  There were plenty of people there, so parking was a bit hectic, but I managed to get a space in the same lot. If you want a day filled with entertainment, check it out next year! Well worth it.
3 This was pretty cool...  Got to roll the dice and won some fiecrackers!  The entertainment was cool...loved the Taiko Drummers and the martial arts students. Cool to see the young bucks open a can of whoop ass on the adults!  Fresh noodles were made right before our eyes by Chef Mark(NOT Chef Marc!)  Food selections were slim, wish there were more Asian vendors....unless you liked funnel cakes and potato tornado things....during Chinese New Year? Ummm. No...  Yelp was even there! I SUCKED at the bean bag toss, but I got a Yelp Sticker for my efforts...Woohooo! Overall, Just A-OK for me.....ALOHA!!!  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(48/100) "Year of the Snake"
5 Wonderful cultural event!  Very friendly people; Excellent food; and numerous shows, sights, and goods to experience.  10/10 would attend again.
