4 Hypnotic tattoos does a wonderful job with both peircings and tattoos.  i was there to get a vertical hood peircing done. the peircers name was victor. he had a wonderful personality, was very professional, and made you feel comfortable (which is something i look for in people at any shop i go too).  the only odd part about it was that they do not have a private room to peirce in. They use one of the tattoo booths and pull curtains on both sides so customers walking in cant see. STILL, the booth is not fully enclosed.   besides that, victor was very thorough explaining everything he would do, and then gave step by step instructions on how to care for the peircing properly.   I would highly recommend it, and plan on going back to get my tattoos fixed, and possibly a few more peircings.
4 I went to the tattoo expo in Daly City, CA yesterday and wasn't planning on getting my tattoo done until later in the year.. The entrance fee was $20 and an additional $10 for parking.. There were in and out privileges within the venue but not the parking lot so if you wanted to leave the premises you had to walk or pay for parking again (lame!).. Also, it was raining and stormy so walking wasn't really an option.. The first booth that I checked out upon my arrival was Nilson & Tricia's and they were extremely friendly.. I described what I was looking for and Nilson was quick to start googling images and developing a simple sketch to give me some ideas.. At this point I was still debating whether I wanted to get something done today or in September when summer would be over.. After reviewing some of Nilson's previous work I was sold and wanted to get it done right then and there.. Their prices are fair, the artistry is amazing, and the customer service is nothing less than 5 stars.. I was told to return in 45 minutes for a more developed sketch and when I returned I had already visited a few other booths so that had only confirmed my decision to work with Nilson..  Some of the other tattoo artists that I checked out didn't have great artwork, had no portfolios at all, wouldn't take the time to develop a sketch, or were extremely intimidating and not client-friendly.. I sat with another artist for almost 30 minutes and the whole time we basically got no where.. No sketch was drawn and he wouldn't have been able to tattoo me at the venue either, and preferred that I went to their shop in LA (5 hours away!).. After having a few bad experiences I knew that I wanted to have Nilson tattoo me since it was a more relaxed/fun environment and they actually gave a damn.. I made my appointment for later that night since he was booked for the next couple of hours and gave them a small deposit to hold my place..  For $120 + tip Nilson spent 30 minutes with me during our initial conversation, then another 30 minutes later when we finalized the design and sketched it onto a carbon transfer sheet, and finally a quick hour to get the ink on my body.. So although the tattoo only took an hour to complete he spent 2 hours to complete the entire process from start to finish.. The price I paid was a bargain! I would definitely visit their shop in Las Vegas whenever I'm in town just to chat, get a touch-up, or more work done.. I think Nilson did a great job on my piece but I will write more after the two week healing process to give a more accurate review..  Nilson & Tricia are the best team ever! It was such a great experience [: If you would like to work with Nilson in LV he is by appointment only so be sure to book at least a week in advance!
2 I did not have the best experience here but I do have to say tha Nilson went above and beyond to make my experience was as good as it could be.  My sister and I wanted to get matching tattoos for her birthday. I had been in communication with Nilson for a couple weeks, after searching several months for an awesome black and gray artist. I sent him ideas of what we wanted and set-up and appointment.  When we went down to the shop on my sister's birthday, for her first, our matching tattoos, the shop didn't have anything sketched up for us. We were told that the design we had come up with was too detailed for the place we had wanted it. We were highly dissappointed and worked with them to come up with another design. After 2 hours and making a competely different piece than what we had wanted, we were satisfied with the design. Honestly, I would have preferred to get my original piece but by this time, we had to get something. I didn't want to ruin my sister's birthday. The piece is still nice and it is something I will be happy with for the rest of my life, thank goodness, but the only reason I am happy with it, is because my sister and I got our matching tattoos, finally. Nilson did a great job on my sister's tattoo, unfortunately, I was not so lucky. I have very sensitive skin and the other artist that did my piece turned my forearm into hamburger meat. My tattoo healed up horribly and I was so upset that all of the border ink had disappeared and my new piece looked like a black blob on my arm. I talked to Nilson about my tattoo and he gladly had me come in to fix it. He did a great job and I am now very happy with the result.  Honestly, I would only recommend Nilson do any work from this shop. He does amazing work and his portraits are out of this world phenomenal.
5 Just went to get my first tattoo this past weekend. All the staff was very accommodating and even came in on a Sunday when they were closed so that I could get my tattoo in the time frame that I was in town. I dealt with Nilson (the owner and artist), Victor (who helped with my scheduling) and my artist was Genaro. All were very helpful in my experience. I got a script tattoo on my foot and Genaro made it as painless as possible and it looks absolutely amazing! better than I could hope for. He was also just a wonderful person who talked me through everything and made my experience the best it could be. Although the shop is a bit far from the strip if you're staying there, it is WELL WORTH the 15 minute drive, you will get a better price, experience, and tattoo at this establishment compared to anywhere on the strip. I chose this shop based on it's wonderful reviews. I am so glad I went to this shop and would go back time and time again. I LOVE HYPNOTIC INKS TATTOO AND GENARO!
5 I went in to get a portrait done of my parents. Nilson did an amazing job, couldn't be happier with it. I'm going back to start on my sleeve. Everyone was really nice and welcoming which made me feel very comfortable.
5 Amazing shop!. I got my daughters portrait done by Nilson and he was great. Went over details, options and placements with me. The amount of time he takes with his customers is very reassuring that your going to get great work. I'm happy with the outcome of my tattoo and can't wait to go back and get more work. Love Hypnotic Inks!
