5 $50 for an hour massage, are you kidding me??  Admittedly, I went in to this appointment a bit skeptical, however after being a massage club member for a year, what did I honestly have to lose?  When I called to make my appointment, the gentleman was very accommodating and friendly, asking if it was my first visit.  He genuinely said I would love the aromatherapy, hot towels, etc and helped me schedule a same-day appointment that accommodated my schedule.  Score 1 for business, 0 for skepticism.  I was running late due to horrendous traffic and called ahead and the receptionist was very understanding and assured me that I would receive my full 60 minute session and to relax. Not condescending, truly kind.  They're racking up the points, this business.  I arrive and am greeted warmly though the receptionist is on the phone with another client. (Which I'm sure we've all had that awkward experience of being ignored so do you sit...stand...or maybe I'm just awkward...)  Anyway, leather chairs, candles burning, plush blanket draped over one of the chairs, gorgeous decor...I am instantly relaxed though it's taken me about 90 minutes to drive home from central Phoenix.  My massage therapist led me back through an equally beautiful hall to the room. Ambience is clearly what the owner(s) paid attention to when considering the decor.  High walls, dark wood, the massage table had microfiber sheets, candle burning.    The massage products are all natural, as I understand from reviewing the website.  I have very fair, sensitive skin (read: I'm a princess) so this is important to me.  A hot towel is applied to the back of the neck after you roll over.  My massage therapist even did some eucalyptus aromatherapy as my nose gets stuffy from lying face down that long.  Excellent experience. As an added bonus the massage therapist is extremely knowledgeable about neuromuscular therapy which is helpful for my chronic headaches.  I will definitely return!
5 I receive massages regularly and couldn't get an appointment  at my usual spot.  I noticed Touch of Tranquility when we drive past it but never thought to check it out UNTIL I just had to be seen one day.  And I have to say that Kathleen at Touch of Tranquility is THEE best massage therapist!  The place has a soothing vibe and reasonable prices for their services. They are open until 9pm on most weekdays.  The entire staff is very friendly.  The place is very clean with perfect temps and music volumes.   I've gotten a massage from other therapists here and they are very good as well.  They offer couple packages for all you lovebirds. It includes a 1 hour couple massage and you can enjoy champagne and chocolate covered strawberries after.   Try them once and you'll be hooked.  The service and pricing is phenomenal. You can thank me later :)
5 I had a great deep tissue massage at  Touch of Tranquility.  I had a really sore area in my back, so called at the last minute and luckily Megan was able to do a massage.  She did a great 1 hour massage.  I highly recommend this place. The prices are very affordable and the vibe and really cool.  The staff was very nice and made you feel welcome.   Nice job !!!!!!!!!
4 Read the reviews and figured I would treat the hot wife to something special. The waiting room is serene and pleasant. Very welcoming.   The rooms are quiet and inviting for the experience to come. Soft lighting and music set the mood.   Carol did a fabulous job. Paid attention to my wifes neck and back and shoulders. The foot work was outstanding. Overall it was a fantastic experience!
5 Today was my first visit to Touch of Tranquility and what an unexpected treat!  I have had many massages in my day, but none have every come close  to  this wonderful one !  Angda is a new therapist there and one would have thought she had years of experience! She talked with me to clearly understand my needs and worked to be sure that she treated every area accordingly.  I recommend the spa, but highly recommend you request Angda!  I am now a client of hers forever :)  !!
5 Been back several times. Carol is fantastic. She is incredibly intuitive and takes extraordinary care of my wife and I.   The entire experience at TOTM is very special and you are in for a great treat with every experience. The couples room is very nice and together you can sink into a wonderful experience.  I recommend the experience to everyone and can not explain in words the value and quality of these professionals. It is best to experience TOTM. You will not be disappointed.
5 So my day started off gloomy.  I had an appointment at a different spa for a hot stone massage, but it was cancelled on short notice.  After calling around to several other spas, none of whom had any availability, I called Touch of Tranquility, explained my previously cancelled appointment, that I had taken the day off work just to have a massage and relax, and was overjoyed when they said they could squeeze me in!    The minute I walked in to the spa I was so happy!  The place is beautiful, echoing calm and softness throughout.  I have never felt so great and amazing after a massage!  The staff was polite and helpful, my masseuse was amazing, always making sure I was comfortable.  This is a great spa for anyone who truly wants to relax and feel amazing.
5 Just can not help myself but to continue to encourage everyone to try Touch of Tranquility Massage. Enjoyed Kathleen's talent and skill last night. The staff here really know how to get you fixed up and working better than before. My one hour massage was to be focused on my back, but Kathleen had other plans.   She was incredibly thorough and effective. She was able to get in a whole body massage and was able to still get the challenging work of my stress filled back and shoulders completed. I am a challenging person to work on (in my opinion) and she did an incredible job.   I am always impressed and surprised at the talent they have in this special place and am quite pleased to encourage everyone who needs quality body work done to have it done here.
5 I went here today to redeem my groupon (a 60 minute facial) and I've found a new favorite spa! I used to go to Dolce a while back but they have really rubbed me the wrong way with their lack of customer service skills so I've been on the look out for a new place to get an occasional treatment. This spa really impressed me! Cristina was my aesthetician today and she was wonderful! She was very friendly and extremely knowledgable about the products she was using during my facial. Needless to say, I WILL be back!
4 Hubby desperately needed a massage, so I went directly to my friendly little YELP ap and found this great place not too far from where we were staying.  Easy to get to and a nice facility.  He said that their staff was extremely friendly.  The masseuse focused on the target areas that they spoke about beforehand, it was very reasonably priced and he will be back!  And I can't wait to go myself!
5 What can I say...this place is truly a gem in Gilbert! Called to make an appointment when they were closed expecting a call the next day, but 2 hours later, on her day off no less, the owner, Kathleen, called and made an appointment for the next day. The ambiance of the establishment is beautiful and serene, and the staff are very friendly and helpful. You truly feel, once you step through the doors, that you are paying next to nothing for a top spa experience.   I have been to different massage places around Gilbert, and this one is by far the best. The best thing about it, is not only are the massages expertly done, but you actually get the whole hour, not the standard 50 minutes. I had a back problem, and explained this to Kathleen, and she actually spent extra time after the massage to teach me how to stretch to help it heal.   Do not waste your time with the other massage places that try to sell you on their memberships after an "average" at best massage, just go here and you'll never go any where else!!
4 I got a 60min massage here, based on high yelp reviews.  Paid $55 for a full hour. Was not let down! The massage table was the most comfortable one I've ever experienced...warm, cushy, super soft sheets....  Gabi did a great job...no complaints!  Only thing that made my visit less than 5 starts was afterwards when I went to the reception area to pay, nobody was behind the desk. I waited a good 5 minutes before the receptionist came in and then she was on the phone scheduling someone.   I will definitely go back!!
5 Amazing. I scheduled a 60 minute facial with Irene. The room was very relaxing. The table was comfortable and warm. The products she used were great, especially the Clean Skin one, I think that's what its called, it was cooling and tingly. I would highly recommend this place and will definitely be going back!!
5 I heart this place. They have amazing massage therapists, the best atmosphere and great value. I've never had a bad massage here. Some of my favorite therapists are Emily, Abby and Colleen. They have great facials as well.   Touch of Tranquility is slightly more expensive than a massage envy but just sooooooooooooo much nicer, and you don't have to worry about a sales pitch for a membership. I feel like I'm in a castle in the rooms here, and I love the hot towels included in the massage.   Try a massage or facial here. You will love it.
5 Ahhhhhhh-mazing :-) I used to get deep tissue massages for over 3 years on my neck and back because of a car accident in which i was rear ended. I had to stop doing the deep tissue massages a year ago when i found out i was pregnant. Since then, we have moved to Chandler and had my daughter and the neck tension has been coming back. I wanted to find a place close to home that had really experienced technicians and I FOUND IT!!! I had Amanda work and stretch my neck and back for an hour and i feel like a new, energized, and relaxed mom of a 4 month old :-) I need to go back ASAP!
5 I LOVE this place! I tried a new therapist, Angela, and she was amazing just like every other person I've tried here. It's impossible to go wrong at this extremely affordable spa. I don't even understand how they charge so little and offer so much. This spa is a hidden gem, and I'm *almost* hesitant to write this review because I love being able to get in same day for an appointment.  *Hot towels, check  *Aromatherapy, check *Softest most comfortable sheets ever, check *Intuitive, caring, healing therapists, check *Gorgeous atmosphere, check  Seriously, this is the best spa ever. Love it.
5 Great place great massage the best
5 Took my dog to a new day care ranch for the first time and was waay out of my neighborhood.  Yelped a couple massage places to kill some time and this one looked good, called and, they were able to get me in for an immediate appointment with Amanda, just 50 minutes but, better than nothing. right?  Recently, I have made the switch to the Asian Foot Massage scene where you can get 90 minutes for less than $50 and its really good almost always.  If this place was closer to me, I would switch back to the in and out full body.  The receptionist/owner, Kathleen was nice, the therapist was in my top 5 of all time, and the facility is super clean and comfortable.  The price is reasonable and yelp saves you $5 more.  They close early 3-4 nights and the prepaid only saves you about $4 a massage but, if you live near here I highly reccomend this place.  This place is so good that I would not review it if I lived closer.  Wat????  Yup, selfish of me but, I did this with one spot and after a while the receptionist was ALWAYS saying  "Im sorry but, we are booked for today.  How about Friday at 9 am?"  The cat was out of the fxxxxxx bag!
5 Really a quality spa, especially considering the location. Although the spa is a little small the amenities really make it. When you come in you are offered fruit water in a glass not a little plastic cup. The linens used in the massage are good quality and you aren't charged extra for the aroma therapy. They charge $55 for a 60 min. not a 50 min. massage. This is such a better value and experience all around than those chain places or paying hundreds of dollars in Scottsdale. Highly recommended and I have been to many spas in wide range of prices. I will be trying the facial in a few days, I am excited and hope it's a good as the massage.
5 Great massage from Ben. I woke up and could hardly move my neck and made a same-day appointment for trigger-point massage. He was very professional and made a HUGE difference in my neck pain. I will definitely make this a monthly habit.
4 What a great place! I called on a Sunday morning hoping they had availability and they fit me right in. Candice did an OUTSTANDING job. I had a 90 min deep tissue massage that was sheer bliss. Her technique was great, pressure was perfect (when I asked for firm pressure she wasn't afraid to use the more.)  Their prices are extremely reasonable and the spa is very clean. I loved that I wasn't charged extra for aroma therapy. Spa is on the small side and they do not have steam or sauna facilities like some of the bigger spas. For the price and atmosphere they provide it is well worth every penny.   I will definitely be going back!
4 So far have tried a facial here and bikini wax.  Great ambiance, very clean and calm and quiet. Everyone is friendly and very professional.  Will definitely be back to try a massage.
4 Today was my first visit and I will definitely be back! I had a wonderful hot stone massage by Gabby. It was amazing followed up by a facial by Irene. I 've never felt more pampered or relaxed.
5 I found this place on Yelp through the check-in deals. I'm so happy I did. I have had a couple therapists and though their styles of massage very different, all were very good. I have been other places, but never felt so comfortable. It's clean, quiet, and welcoming environment made it my top choice when deciding what to do for my birthday. They have fresh strawberry infused ice water in the lounge area while you wait. There are organic products to look at and sample and magazines to browse if you are early for your appointment. Also, they were very accomodating for last minute appointments. I have never had any booking issues as I have with other places. Outstanding customer service and massages!
5 I went to this place on a whim and called less than a day in advance to schedule. I am 33 weeks pregnant, and wasn't sure how their prenatal specialist would be and I am happy to say it was the best massage I have gotten so far during my pregnancy. They have a special pillow that you can lay on your stomach and be perfectly comfortable while keeping the baby comfy. I saw Carol and she did a phenomenal job. So good, that I have another massage scheduled with her for a week later. I plan on going back again! My husband also got a massage. He opted for a firm swedish massage with Angela and had a great experience as well. Would definitely recommend this place to friends and family!
5 Touch of Tranquility Massage is amazing. I could tell a big difference between this establishment versus local chain massage membership places after walking through the door. I felt like I was getting a resort-quality massage for half the price. Included in the reasonable price was aromatherapy, hot towels, and a wonderful ambiance. I realized I'm probably a high-maintenance client because I need different pressures on different parts of my body and the massage therapist was very accommodating. The massage was top quality and my neck feels a thousand times better. I will definitely return.
5 Such a wonderful place to go pamper yourself!  The name is refreshingly accurate.  Just walking into the lobby, you feel a sense of peace.  I've had a different massage therapist each time I went, but all of them were great.  I love that they use eucalyptus scented products, which has such a calming and healing effect.  And the warm towel after the massage is such a nice touch.  I highly recommend trying this place at least once.
5 Is it normal to want to bring your massage therapist home with you?  On the rare occasion I can fit a well-deserved massage into my schedule, I'd like all of them to be just as worthy as the time and money I spent at this place.  Husband and I decided we were in dire need of a relaxing pamper day, so I booked us a 90-min couple's therapeutic massage (~$170) at Touch of Tranquility.   The small entrance - I guess I would refer to it as a receiving room rather than a waiting room - was warm, cozy, and serene with an oversized leather couch, a small coffee table with magazines, lots of plants, and some shelves with products on them.  It didn't feel clinical in any way, and it reminded me more of someone's home office/living room.  We were offered water to sip on before our massages, and we barely waited 5 minutes after filling out our new patient information before our massage therapists introduced themselves and asked where we'd like them to focus.  Both of our therapists were wonderful, doing exactly what we asked and being extremely aware of our hints if something hurt or if they weren't putting enough pressure somewhere.  I generally enjoy my massages to be deep tissue quality, and I can safely say that while I was a little sore afterwards, the release of tension in my muscles allowed me to happily sigh my way through the end of the day.  My husband was just as impressed and even nearly fell asleep near the end!  I especially enjoyed that the head rests had a little sleeve of fabric under the hole so we didn't have to see the floor/their feet while they were doing our backs, and it smelled like eucalyptus.    Overall, very tranquil, attentive experience, we will be repeat customers for sure!
5 I have had a lot of massages in the past but think I have finally found my favorite place!! The spa is really nice and cozy. I saw Julie today and she was amazing! Already have my next massage booked :) I would recommend this gem to everyone!!
5 Great value and good service
3 Have only had 1 massage here.  It was ok; felt more like a sports massage (with stretching involved) than a relaxing one.  I prefer the atmosphere and massage techniques at Dolce.  I do frequent this place for brow waxing, even though they did burn me once.  Cute place though.
3 I had a gift certificate for a message and facial. The massage involved a lot of stretching and pulling, not relaxing at all.  The therapist was pushing my heels into my bottom then pulling my legs, she also forced my head to each shoulder very uncomfortable. Yes I told her it was to much pressure. The foot rub was awkward its a basin on the floor in the room where you have your message. The therapist sits cramped on the floor and rubs your legs and feet for 20 minutes. Also they use salt so it can sting a bit.   The facial was nice and I have great results. There are no locker rooms and only one bathroom so you take your clothes with you to the different treatment rooms.
5 Really nice and helpful on the phone~ I live in Chicago and wanted to order a pre/post-natal massage set for my bff who lives in Gilbert, and they were very helpful! Will update after feedback. :)
3 I have had great experiences there and not so great experiences. The first person I visited did a fantastic job! The second was just so so. I asked the front desk and was told she was new. However, they never inquired any further. I would recommend Candace, but stay away from the newbies.
4 I was a first time visitor and overall enjoyed my experience. The masseur I had was so great. I truly enjoyed the mix between the stretching part of the massage and the relaxing part. Here are my thoughts on Touch of Tranquility:  Pros: 1. The location is gorgeous and the atmosphere as soon as you walk in is relaxing and luxurious 2. They offer yummy flavored water that is so refreshing 3. The masseurs are very professional and thorough 4. The beds are slightly heated making the whole experience comfortable and cozy  5. Slight music plays in the background that helps with the experience 6. The value is very reasonable. I would definitely go back for special occasions  Cons: 1. The receptionists. I would have given this 5 stars if it wasn't for them. There were two women when we went. They didn't greet use when we first walked in. We stood in front of them thinking "Ummm...should we sit down first?". Finally, they greeted us and gave use paperwork to fill out. One of the women offered my husband water when he brought the paperwork back to her and he accepted. She only gave him one glass of water and didn't ask if I wanted any. At this point it was kind of awkward so I didn't say anything and shared with my husband. When we were done with our massage we walked out and stood in front of reception. I'm not even joking, they both again didn't even look up at us. I think they were busy doing something on the computer which is totally fine, but you'd think they would have said "Hi, we will be with you in just a moment, please have a seat." Instead, they just let us stand there until we went and sat down.   They weren't necessarily rude just lacked common sense on what working the front desk entails. Having those woman be our first and last impression of Touch of Tranquility really tainted our overall experience. We will probably go back in the future but we're not certain.
5 Wahoo! Finally a massage place I'd be willing to visit again! :) I went today for my first ever maternity massage. I was a little scared because this is my first pregnancy and I didn't know what to expect. Didn't know how I was going to lay, how it was going to feel, how comfortable I would be..... I had Amanda as my masseuse, she made me feel very comfortable and relaxed. I didn't really ask questions, but I didn't need to either, because it was pretty straight forward and she just made me feel at ease. The price is very decent. The atmosphere is stress free and relaxing. The sheets were super soft and comfy. The place was very clean and everyone was nice. I will definitely be back!
4 Just picked up my wife after her spa day for her birthday.  She said the massage and facial were excellent.  The place is very clean and classy.  I would have given it 5 stars if it hadn't have been for the desk girl misplacing a pre paid tip, then turned around and asked my wife if she would like to leave the tip.  When I purchased the spa package - I paid cash and was asked if I would like to pre pay a tip - not crazy about the idea seeing as how I didn't know how good the service is but decided based on reviews here to leave a $20.00 tip anyways.  I asked for a receipt and was told I didn't need one that it was booked (my  mistake on trusting them with cash)  If you are looking for a nice place with good value, I would say give them a try.  I do think soliciting a tip is a little rude and they can certainly do a better job of managing the money that goes through their hands but given those minor details that they can work on, I think the place is worth a visit.
5 I am not one who gets messages, but I was hurting. Lower back and shoulders killing me. I decided to go here because of the great yelp reviews. This place was amazing! I had Megan T  do a deep tissue message. She was great!! I left feeling completely better. I WILL be coming back very soon. Thanks again Megan
5 Most relaxing spa experience ever!! I would go here every single day forever! Amanda gave the most amazing coconut body scrub and massage ever. And Dawn gave me an excellent facial. Extremely impressed with the relaxing feel of this place and the personal attention. Loved my day here!
2 This was my third visit to get a massage and my last one was quite awhile ago so a lot of things have changed. The first two experiences were great but this one was so disappointing. I ended up in a room in the back which must have been next to the break room. Constantly through my massage I was interrupted by loud talking and laughing. I understand having a fun work place but it didn't allow me to truly relax. The massage felt more like when I go to the  chiropractor than a relaxing and stress relieving massage. While my husband did have the noise issue, he also remarked on how the quality of the massages just wasn't what they used to be.
5 You had me at head massage!  I was so wary coming here as I'd been to another massage place the week before and was terribly disappointed because they had such great reviews. I was not disappointed here, I assure you!   Before I start, the only thing I really have a complaint about is that it felt a little rushed. I think when Ariacella (is that how you spell it? sorry!) works they book her back to back and that makes it not fun when you have to jump up and run when really you need a glass of water and a nap!     Other than that the place is beautiful, so serene and magical. It's exactly what I love in a spa. It smells good, the beds are comfy (although my wasn't warm at all, I was SO hoping for that), the therapist is knowledgeable and does things differently, but so well. It was just such a nice massage. I think next time I'll book for longer.  I went in because I had just done a really long, long, miles long, bike ride (ouch) and was sort of going for the preemptive strike so that I could at least walk the next day. This massage was so good that I couldn't even tell that I rode a bike at all! It was THAT good.   Ariacella uses great pressure and massaged places that I don't normally get massaged, like my head, stomach, etc. It was SO nice. The hot towels on my feet and the back of my neck were a nice touch, as was the full bottle of water I was given after (no tiny bottles here!).   I checked out quickly, made another appointment and was on my way! Super place,  I definitely recommend!
5 Absolutely beautiful facilities. Professional and very reasonably priced. I will definitely go again!
5 I love this place. The staff is very professional. A great place to come to relax and unwind. I was in a car accident and I was able to make a same day appointment. Once I arrived the staff was very accommodating. They have a good line of vegan nail products. I love the variety of the vegan nail polish colors. They even have vegan nail polish remover. They have a wide variety of vegan products for your body.
3 I have been going to TOT for years and have been extremely happy with the massages I have received. The decor is beautiful and I have always felt welcomed and invited. I don't know where the change has occurred, but I have not been happy with my last few massages and even more unhappy from the response of the owner who was very curt and defensive on the phone with me when I called to explain a recent unhappy visit. Once she finally listened to my complaint, she said that I had reason to be upset and would address the issue with the masseuse. It upset me that she wouldn't listen to my complaint at first and instead was more defensive instead of hearing me out. Even though she *did* finally hear me out and agreed that what had happened was wrong and it would be addressed, the experience with how the owner handled it left a bad taste in my mouth. I felt more like I was being looked bad upon because I had a bad experience I was sharing, rather than a valued customer who had been coming for years who had a real complaint. Because of it, TOT has lost my business and I will be looking elsewhere to get my massages. Elements is right around the corner and while the decor is not quite as pretty, I always feel valued when I visit there.
5 Amazing!  This was my first visit  to Touch of Tranquility and was hooked up with Tyler.  I have never felt so relaxed and wonderful following a massage!  I've been getting 1 1/2 hour massages monthly for the past 5 years by another company.  I have always had great service though usually endured 'pain' with the deep tissue to get to relaxation.  Today's experience  was nothing like that. Not only was Tyler very professional and personable, he is also very knowledgeable.  He listened to each and every need and worked to make  sure all needs were met.   I rescheduled another visit at check out.  If you are thinking about going, do so and don't hesitate to ask for Tyler! Thank you for a wonderful first visit!
5 I purchased a package and wrap and was extremely pleased at my results! I have had many massages and found Tranquility's therapists to be professional and concerned about meeting my needs. I will continue to use their services!
1 I wish I could actually get in. Every time I call they say they are completely booked. There is no conversation beyond that...most places you call will try to fit you in ASAP.
5 We had 3 different services for 3 people. Very clean facility and you certainly feel like you're in a spa. A lot of dark woods and the mood is just perfect. Had the hour massage with Tyler and he made me feel comfortable and addressed my ailments. Will definitely be back.
5 Receptionist was pleasant, parking had some shade, front office has a very calming feel, back rooms are decorated and lit perfectly. Warmed beds, and the most important part, my massage therapist was a master of her craft. She asked the right questions, checked in at the right times, this woman was on her game. Will definitely refer out and go back myself.
5 This place rocks!!!   We had the pleasure of experiencing a couples massage with Sydney and Jennifer. Absolutely thrilled and have gone back a few times.  Make reservations early because they book up quick! Their staff is friendly and the facility is clean :)
5 So peaceful. Beautiful decor and calming environment. Felisha had me so relaxed that I was asleep during my facial. I came in because of a gift card from my son and his girlfriend, but I will be back! Very reasonably priced. The products used had a lovely fragrance and I have very sensitive skin, but had no problems with their line. My skin is glowing! Thanks for the treat!
3 Last 3 visit over the past 3 mths where ok. But felt little more like the  massage envy experience nothing too special about it. One time I wondered if the girl wasn't checking out her phone since it was one handed and  reminded me of something from a boyfriend trying to watch the game and massage at the same time. The receptionist couldn't be more unenthused not rude exactly just maybe would rather be anywhere else? I think it's time to hunt for a new go to place at this point.
