4 We've eaten here a number of times and have always had the best service and great food.  All of the servers we've had were excellent and the manager always makes it a point to check on us and see if we need anything.  No complaints and we'll definitely be eating there again.
1 I heard someone call Applebees the Walmart of restaurants and I couldn't agree more.   Everybody assumes I would love this place because it has apple in the name and I really like apple themed things. But no. Ugh. Gross. Nothing on the menu is good and the prices aren't even cheap!! I can understand cheap prices for cheap food but the prices are the same as Chilis or TGI Fridays. Except they have good food.  The service is always horrible. The only reason I ever come here is because my boyfriends parents love it. No idea why.
3 Out of every location I have reviewed or probably will review I have the longest history with this one location. The quality of the food and the service we received have fluctuated so much over the years that it's really hard to give this location just one rating since they could rate anywhere from 1 stars to 5, so to be fair I think 3 stars will suit it fine, plus upon a recent visit this is about what I would say they were at right now, but give it year and it will change again I am sure!
5 Happy hour at this Applebee's is like snow bird central.  There's always a line out the door, a long wait, and the dozens of grandparents who occupy it seem to be there e.v.e.r.y.d.a.y... However! We LOVE it! The specials are great (best on our side of town actually) and we get a seat at the bar almost every time regardless how crowded it is.  The 2 regular bartenders Chance and (blonde dude, can't remember his name but he's cool too) are always very nice,fast, and make awesome drinks. We come here almost every week, and it never disappoints! 5 stars! :)
2 Service is decent. The karaoke night sucked. With the digital age, karaoke should never be limited to such a lame list of cliche songs..
3 Service is ok.  A 1 1/2" head on a beer though is NOT a "perfect pour" in my opinion!  Not at all happy about that & this location is the only one that uses this excuse.  And bring back the red jalapeno poppers PLEASE!!!
1 The food was okay but the service was horrible.  The table was not cleaned when we were seated. A girl came to clean the table with a smelly dirty rag and brushed all the crumbs on our laps. I asked if she would please get a clean cloth. When she came back she argued with me...told me the last one was clean. If a cloth smells enough for me to notice then it's full of bacteria and not at all clean. No wifi either. Why? The waitress said it's because people stay too long. I will not be visiting any Applebee's again.
2 I use to be the biggest fan of Applebee's. Now a days it's a place to get a meal, but nothing spectacular here.   This particular location has some of the worse service I have seen in a long time. The staff just doesn't seem to care about catering to their customers. Unfortunately, the food - no matter how good it may be is hurt by the staff and how they service their customers.   Lunch- they have the best soups and salads! Especially the Shrimp and Spinach salad with the tomato basil soup.  Dinner - the steak are good, not great, but they are tastier and reasonably priced.  Hopefully the staff will soon get the message other wise I will look for a new location for Applebee's.
1 Really terrible experience. We waited about a half hour to be sat for a party of 4, which wouldn't be so bad If we didn't walk past 4 empty tables on our way to be sat. There were at least 6 open tables in the restaurant while we were waiting.   Our food took forever. Our appetizer came out with our meal and was cold. Our waitress was supposed to tell us about the gift cars deal which she did not, and the card on the table said if they forget they'd bring a free desert, and it never came.   Wouldn't return solely because the service was AWFUL. - Victoria Shaughnessy
2 Bad experience.  I found hair in my salad bowl.  I informed the waiter,  he apologized, and replaced the bowl and salad.  When the bill came, nothing was comped.    The wait for the manager was too long.  This shows that management was extremely busy with other customer complaints.  I had kiddos with me, so I left before resolution.  I'll bring it up on my next outing
1 If you would like to wait an hour to get your food, and once it's served it's cold and burned; then I would recommend this restaurant. If you want fast service, hot food....GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!. My party of 4 have tried this particular restaurant twice and it's the same old story...cold food, they brought the same manager over, same ol same ol... She apologized, took my wife's ribs off the bill but the bottom line, it was a waste of time to go there. We went there at approx. 715pm and didn't leave till 830ish and they were not busy at all. Ridiculous!!   We'll be going to Chili's just a little further down the street....
3 I can tell this place is managed well.    The food & service was good.  It just wasn't my thing.
3 Yum
4 Lunch special was great.  Pretty hard to mess up soup and salad.  Then again I have had a soup and salad that wasn't that good.
1 I don't go to Applebees often, and whenever I go to this one it reminds me of why.  This one, out of all the ones I have been too, has horrible service.  The waiters just seem so unfocused and the food really isn't that good.  I'd rather go to Chilis down the street.
5 Popped in for lunch at 1245 on a Wed. Place was packed and the wait was longer then expected but well worth it! My waitress was Alyssa and she was on cue throughout the entire meal! Excellent job!   I ordered the Roma Steak medium rare w/ a stuffed Portabella Mushroom. The food was expertly prepared and delicious! This is not a steak house and yet they out shined Black Angus of Chandler by a mile!! Highly recommend them if you're on that side of town.   The manager even came over to greet me and ask how the experience was- now I really don't care for that but there were a number of patrons that did appreciate his attention. After reading some of the other reviews- I think they've heard the issues and have attempted to correct them.
