4 They make a great Chicken Fried Steak and its HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Great Value.....
1 So remember that movie Las Vegas vacation and they are playing guess the hand and other obscure games well this is the place... Not really but what a strange, old, grungy dive of a casino.  We only came because of the living social deal and will never come back.  Old school, hoopty and somewhere never to frequent at night for safety reasons.  I was nervous the whole time there.  Creepy!  Living social should be ashamed of being associated with them.
4 Low limit casino in North Las Vegas, NV directly on Las Vegas Boulevard, north of Downtown. $1 bowling is a draw. The dealers and service are both friendly and helpful. Casino interior needs a cleaning, and renovation. Nice place though. I'll be back.
1 How bad could this place be?  We waited 15 minutes in a booth a waitress never came to get a drink order say hi or anything else!  I walked up to two managers that were rolling silverware to tell them how it was and they said "its a hard night tonight and give us a break" they never said sorry or anything else avoid this place at all cost! I called to talk to management and they don't want to talk to you nor will they call you back, avoid all nugget's at all costs!
1 OMG! This place is the absolutely gross the men's bathroom by the restaurant disgusting! The restaurant has poor service, mediocre food, and for God sakes clean the carpets!!!  Think this is a local hole in the wall no it is a local dump! This Casino needs to really invest in a cleaned up appearance because cheap prices doesn't cure much when your product is so bad you can't make it cheap enough!
4 this place has come to grow on me... first the pros.... the staff is very friendly, the hometown kitchen food is really good and really cheap :), the bowling ally is reasonable and has a few games to play.. downsides, at night and occasionally during the day there are some shaddy characters...which can make it feel unsafe at times. the bathrooms are gross, even though it seems like they try an clean them pretty often. over all though ive come to really like this place
1 Absolutely the most disgusting bathrooms I have ever seen, worse than a 29 Palms roadside gas station. Every time I dine there I bring up the dirtiness of the facility and every time I return (hoping thay have rectified the situation) the bathroom seems the same.  The only saving grace is the excellent food (especially the Chicken Fried Steak breakfast)  and waitstaff in the restaraunt, if not for that reason I would never step foot in there.
5 The silver nugget has been around for a long time I have seen a lot of changes as I been coming here and so far all for the good keep up the good work. The staff is very friendly I love the new changes to the restaurant and I'm bringing my family back here
