4 I found Elements Therapeutic Massage through both Google search and Spafinder - looking for a place to get a great massage near my workplace.  I was not disappointed!  I wanted a Swedish massage, with some deep tissue work on my shoulders.  Tracy was my massage therapist and she was fantastic.  She made sure I was comfortable, the pressure was good, and was very quiet during the entire 80 minute massage.  I had a long hard day at work so I was hoping I could just zone out and it was definitely easy to relax.  The office manager who checked me in was quitr pleasant as well.  I will definitely be back soon!
4 Been a member for a few years now and yet to have a bad massage.
5 I just had my third massage at Elements. I could not be more satisfied. Natasha was my therapist and she was wonderful. I was very sore in my hamstrings and glutes, she paid extra attention to those areas and even did some acupressure work for me. I've already booked my next appointment with her. The entire staff is friendly and courteous, greeting me by name when I walk through the door. The environment is nice and relaxing as well.
5 I travel a lot for work, and any chance I get, I make an appointment with Candy at Elements in Glendale, she is an amazing masseuse.  She asks the right questions, listens to your responses and incorporates the right techniques to balance your body.  She customizes the massage to the individual, and is great at offering ideas for stretches and body work one can do at home, in between massage appointments.  Candy has a very flexible schedule and is so accommodating!
5 I never had a massage  before. And let me tell you it was epic. My boyfriend and I went and we got the deep tissue massage . We are going to go to sleep now and sleep awesome. I would try it if you have never been.  Plus everyone that works there is super sweet and they even give you tips to do at home .love it!
5 Great massages!
5 PROS: I just had a massage with Candy who is amazing and possibly the most kind, courteous, professional and attentive massage therapist I've ever had. We talked about our lives, laughed and she made me feel SUPER comfortable, which above anything else, is key not only for me but in the massage industry I think. Great pressure and balance, I would highly recommend her!  CONS: I really wanted to try the Hot Stone upgrade but unfortunately they don't tell you anywhere that it takes 2hrs for the stones to heat up so make sure you mention that ahead of time :(
5 Ask for Kym.  Enough said.
5 Have been a loyal client for years. They've got it right. Great service. Wonderful teams.
5 I had a long, relaxing and therapeutic massage today in the couples room. The front staff is always friendly and the waiting room is calming. The massage therapists are always very professional and caring. Today I mentioned to my masseuse that I have right muscles from work and after the wonderful massage she handed me a list of great stretches while sitting at work! I love this location!
