5 These guys are fantastic!  Their bicycle handywork is quality and speedy!  I like how I can bring my bike in to be fixed, and get it back the same day!  Their service is amazing too... the guys always offer to put my bike back in the truck!  WOW!!!  Very knowledgeable... you can tell everyone here is passionate about bikes!   Also... the boyzz be HOT!
5 Took a Cannonade to be repaired at this shop. They fixed it quickly and in a manner that was better than expected and at a great price.  Selection of American-made bikes is nice.  Accessories are expensive and no great deals on anything besides bikes. Some accessories I asked for were not available but it wasn't why I was there.  The neighborhood is pretty scary and I even saw a crackhead hooker that stank and who was asking about a bike that someone stole from her. Very entertaining.
5 Domenic's has been my LBS (Local Bike Shop) almost since I started bike commuting three years ago.    very convenient as it is on my way to and from work.  Service is great, fine selection of bikes, and they don't sneer at you for wanting a basket or rack.  they are good to commuters and regular riders.   I have brought my bike in and had them work on it right then!  I bought my old Univega from them used after wrecking my first goodwill commuter, and it's still going strong.  Sometimes they have great deals on used bikes to sell.  Great place, friendly, no attitude and great service, what more could you ask for?  next time I get a pile 'o' cash Ima buy a NEW bike from them.
4 This is the best bike store I've been to yet in the Tempe area.  I've only been here for cheap parts, but they've got a wide selection of bikes and parts.  The staff are nice and helpful.
1 Overpriced bikes and bad service. Shop elsewhere!
4 The staff here is helpful and very knowledgable.  I have never had a bad experience with them.  It's a great place to get started if you are a novice cyclist.
5 Great shop. Immediately recognized that another Tempe bike shop had installed wrong size tire, and explained the problem well, then replaced it perfectly. Nice people. Highly recommended.
5 A great bunch at this shop! Great quality parts, and excellent service. a very convenient location too. I highly recommend this shop.
5 I ride my bike a ton, its my vehicle. I took my bike in for their silver tune up package. I also mentioned my brakes needed help badly. They recommended replacing the brake pads since they were so worn down. The add-on price of replacing those pieces was less than I expected. After my bike was done with everything it rides so well. I am very happy with how things turned out. My bike is happy.
5 There the most friendliest and most helpful bike shop. They have accessories most bike shop dont have. They have chrome bags! Bikes are pricey but there high quality. The guy who runs the register is the nicest. The older lady is nice too. They will recognize if you go back. I really recommend them for accessories and for cheapest fixies.
5 I brought a commuter bike that needed a tune up and had a problem with the rear tire.  Elliot took my bike in right away and inspected it in front of me.  He explained problems he saw and what my options were for repair.  He didnt try to upsell me on costly replacement parts I didnt need and helped figure out how to service and repair it within my budget. My bike was ready later the same day and he did great work.  Its not the closest bike shop but I'll travel the extra distance when I need service later on.
5 I've mostly used Domenic's for flat tire repairs and tune ups. They always do top notch work for a fair price. Most recently I took a tire in for a new tube and ended up falling in love with an Electra Townie. They beat REI in price by more than the REI dividend would have been and have been so helpful answering questions and accommodating me in every way. Five stars for Domenic's 2 Wheelers!!
