4 Well, I do like to get my massage on every once in a while. I should probably go more but dont make the time. Massage Envy is a great concept for a few reasons. 1. Its very affordable. First time visit is only $39. $39 for a 1 hour massage....are you kidding me? Thats awesome! 2. Locations. They're everywhere. Hey, look....theres one now! 3. They're legit. You dont have to feel shady going in and your wife doesnt have to wonder if you're getting a massage or a rub and tug!  The only thing that keeps me from giving a 5 star rating...they're a little pushy with the close. They have a membership and they push that pretty hard. Hey, I know when I need a massage, I dont need to be "sold". If they could back off of this just a little, they'd be 5 star all the way.
4 I was expecting for them to pressure me into getting a membership and was so pleasantly surprised that they didn't that I did get one! The only reason it is not five stars it the waiting area is too small, people kept walking in and realized there was no space and had to go back out. Defeated the purpose of "tranquility" space. The price can't be beat. The massage therapist listened and the front desk staff was very helpful. Can't wait for my next massage!!!
4 I have only been to this Massage Envy location a couple of times but this last time was the best! I was able to make my appointment easily and we greeted kindly by the front desk staff. My therapist was great and did exactly what I wanted her to do, help me relax.  Hummmm this reminds me, I need to make another appointment, time for my next massage!
5 I have been a member of Massage Envy at this location for three months now. Each of my massages have been with Reese. He is excellent. I have no complaints. He does a great job. The people at the desk are always nice. Reese listens to what I ask and I always leave feeling much better.
4 Great hot stone massages !
5 My therapist is amazing and the front desk is so friendly! Love my massages at this location!
