5 I rarely will praise a lunch buffet- even though the price is usually right, the freshness and uniqueness aint.  this place praises the lord and the lord praises it right back. its in a rare category of "motherfucker good".   lunch buffet, just under £7 per person for all you can eat, a pop and a tea/coffee or ice cream.    over 10 options of mains- half with meat and haf veg. a fresh salad with a homemade salad dressing. i usually skip the salad on a buffet but this shit was so good you forget that by eating it youre not putting the place out of business as you would with the lamb. not that buffet eating should have inherently evil capitalist motives. usually the thought is just in the back of my head and more prevalent when im eating crab legs or shrimp at some vegas buffet.  each thing has its own flavor- one was spicy, one sweet and sour, one in the coconut cream family, and one that ran all the way home.   the lamb dish was great, the spicy one spicy (and brits often dont go as spicy as i would like so this is saying sumpin). there was some bizarre veggie cream thing with caramelized onions that made me scream for papa. literally every single thing was delish. i even did the thing where i took a small scoop of everything cause almost always a couple things are poo and you dont want too much. went back for seconds on every mofo thing out there.  i only stopped after my second plate cause my usual trick of unbuttoning the jeans for a third plate didnt work for some unknown reason and mama was full.  next time i will plan to eat faster so i can trick my tummy.  when you crave indian- go here- by far the best ive had in the city and thats just the buffet.
2 Initially slow service was far outweighed by the excellent food in large quantities at very reasonable prices. For a Saturday night the place was, given the level of quality, surprisingly empty. In recent years, since I started going for side-orders rather than making a pig of myself with starters, I can't recall eating so much in an Indian restaurant. Definitely one to go back to but they need to work on that initial 5 to 10 minute period when you first arrive. Knocking off two stars following my visit here with work a couple of Tuesdays ago. We were a party of 13 and there was another large table set out when we arrived plus a smattering of duos/couples yet there were only 2 waiting staff on. The quality of the food was undiminished yet that in no way makes up for it taking nearly 3 hours in all for us to be fully served. Add to that the fact they were lucky to get the booking at all seeing as they failed to respond to my initial email request for a table and I had to resort to phoning them up & the result is I won't be back until I see some improvement noted on this site. Such a shame considering how it was a couple of years ago.
3 Everyone I know raves about this place, so I didn't mind at all when I heard we were heading there for a meal before a recent night out.  When we got there though, the place was full of Uni sports teams filling themselves up on as much curry and beer as was humanly possibly, and they were making sure that the whole restaurant knew it!  The food wasn't bad, although with it being a Saturday night they were quite busy, and so service wasn't the best or the fastest. When the food came, it had obviously been waiting under a heat lamp because my curry had formed a skin on the top of it. That said, I've done my fair share of part-time waitressing jobs so I know how horrible it can be when you have so many big groups in, and when i'd scraped that off the underneath part was gorgeous. The spice level was just right, and unlike lamb dishes in a lot of cheaper curry places the meat wasn't at all chewy or fatty.  Everyone tells me I just had a rare one-off bad experience. I'm going to go back and try their lunch buffet and see if that's true. Watch this space...
3 I had never really considered coming to this place until me, and a group of friends booked a table to celebrate the end of the semester before exams. A lot of them had been before, and generally the feeling was that the Red Fort was a good place for a meal and BYOB drinks.  As we arrived, two things hit me:  1) This place was waaay smaller than I had expected, and while nicely decorated it really could have done with using its space better as we all were crushed into one area and couldnt really move - so we ended up eating without trying to move our arms.  2) Secondly, this place is HOT, and I have been assured that it is always hot but the air conditioning unit above the door never gets swiched on.  Anyway, to the food. The menu was large, but some what basic and uninspiring - but when our meals did come I really couldnt fault it, it tasted wonderful and there was plenty of it. Price wise I wasnt too shocked, which was nice - the entire meal worked out at around £11 per head.  So Red Fort does have nice food, if a bit limited in choice and insperation - but it really is too small for the large parties it caers for.
4 I've been to Red Fort three times for their lunchtime buffet and had a great meal on each occasion.  It is all-you-can-eat for £6 with free refills on drinks also.  The waiters are friendly and are always keen for you to have a good time. The food is generally excellent with a small but tasty variety of vegetarian and meat curries along with a selection of rices and naan breads.  The meat and poultry which they use is also good quality and you rarely end up with a mouthful of fatty, sinewy lamb or beef as you can elsewhere.  The curries are all signed clearly and ranked in order of heat, allowing people to choose exactly what they are eating.  They also serve a dinner menu which I am assured is up to the same high standard. The coke, however, has clearly been diluted with water as it tastes far weaker than normal.  Also everyone could do with just a bit extra elbow room at the tables.  These are just about my only complaints and Red Fort offers one of the best buffet lunches you will find in the area.
3 I have walked past this place more times than I care to remember and been in for their £6 lunch buffets a few times. Every time I'm left a little less satisfied than when I went in........hungry, no... but still wanting more. The food is what you would expect from a place like this, curries of all shapes and spices and a lot of vegeterian dishes. I struggled to explore anything past a Tikka - i'm a spice pussy. the value is very good but there's just not that spark!
5 In general, curry is not the kind of dish you are in the mood for at lunchtime. Gallons of sauce, stodgy rice and naan bread, and a burning, liquid spraying ringpiece are not normally considered desirable parts of an afternoon at work / uni. Red Fort however, has continually mnaged to draw in the punters day in, day out for it's lunchtime buffet, and this scruffy little curry house has built up somewhat of a cult following in the city as a result.  I only ever go for the hottest curry available, usually some sort of garlic / chilli number, but considering I can pile on as much as I can possibly fit into my cavernous gob, £6 with drink included really is a tremendous bargain. As some of my peers here have pointed out, it is very pokey, to the extent having a coversation feels a bit odd as everyone else can hear you, but when you're shovelling a plateful of cheap vindaloo down your gob, chat should be the last thing on your mind.
4 In previous reviews I have mentioned my predisposition to buffet restaurants, given my gargantuan appetite. Well here it is playing a part again. So many buffets are greasy, salty, cheapest meat, bland options. This can turn off even me. Indian restaurant Red Fort isn't like this.  The food at Red Fort isn't maybe connoisseur curry but it's still pretty good and not the cheap quality I was expecting. Needless to say this makes their lunch time buffet an even more attractive option. For students this will only cost you £6, otherwise £6.85 or £3.50 for children under ten. One of the strengths of Indian restaurants for me is there usually better than average vegetarian selection. Indeed Red Fort's buffet offers a very good vegetarian selection.  The only draw back I can see from Red Fort might be that it can get a bit busy, at least during term time or festival weekends. For some reason it attracts quite large groups. So you might want to avoid these busiest times.
4 This place used to be called the Indian Place. It's cheaper than Khushi's and is the place for students to go stuff themselves, apart from Jimmy Chung's. It's really well located, right next to Black Medicine, B'est, Brass Monkey and the Roxy Art House. I used to get so many take aways there in first year that they gave me a free Tiger (beer) glass.  At lunchtime there's an all you can eat buffet for 6 quid (up from a former 5). It caters for huge parties at short notice. Which can end badly, with people eating far too much and drinking far too much and making themselves feel far too ill. The lunch buffet includes a drink, coffee and an ice cream I recommend steering clear of  Not only is it cheap, but it's also pretty tasty. Their vegetarian options are delicious, especially the pakoras. One of the cheapest places I've ever managed to eat so much in.
5 I have always made the mistake of coming here after a heavy night on the town. This place deserves to be visited with a clear mind, especially when its an all you can eat lunch buffet. When you get in you notice that the restaurant is pretty cramped, but the place is clean and presentable. I have only been here for the lunch buffet and this costs £6 for a student, which is terrific value for money considering that you get a complimentary drink and a choice of tea, coffee or a dessert after you have finished. They have around 6 curries of which you can choose from and there is naan bread to choose from too. When I was there, the naan bread had ran out, but the staff were able to restock them in about 10  minutes, which was good. When I ordered a drink of water, making it explicitly clear that it was tap water, they assumed that this was my 'complimentary' drink and they tried to charge me for the coke I subsequently ordered, but this was all sorted out. Will definitely be coming back here soon, this time without a hangover!
5 The best curry house in Edinburgh. Bar none
4 Why can't Indian food in the States be as tasty as what is served in the UK? It's not fair that we have to travel thousands of miles to enjoy fantastic dishes, each flavored distinctly yet complimentary, that also won't hurt your wallet (or pocketbook).
3 Why hello lunch special. All you can eat buffet for £7? Oh ok then.  I stopped by here for lunch mid-week and quite the indulgent lunch it was. All you can eat lunch for £7 (did I say that already?) gave the option of 5 meat curries, 5 veggie curries, poppadoms, two types of rice, naan, salad and chutneys, tea or coffee and ice cream.  The lamb curry was really quite tasty, as was the veggie curry. As far as Indian curries go it was the usual curry offerings, satisfying, tasty, filled a hole (and then some) and the staff were super friendly. They offered us fresh naan as soon as it was done as we were eating, and were attentive and helpful.  It's in Newington and heart of studentville and I can see how it does well. It's not overly fancy, and an evening meal here would be more about the good food than the surroundings. But it's homely and tasty and a-ok  in my books. Would gladly come back for a second (oh ok, I admit it would be my third - I may have had two servings on the first visit) serving of that lamb curry.
1 The food here is absolutely horrible. I can't seem to understand why people love this place so much. The curries taste exactly like the tesco ready to eat meals. I would recommend future visitors to eat tesco curry as it is cheaper. The rice they serve is easy cook rice, there was absolutely no sign of Basmati aroma or herbs that are added. The Korma they serve here is sweet which is a Nightmare. Korma is a spicy dish which does not contain any nuts and that ridiculous creamy paste. The service is really fast as I would expect, I don't even think they have a kitchen. Its all microwave food.   The only thing I really liked was the Pakoras which tasted authentic and it is usually available in convenient stores. I have visited this place several times due to courtesy of my gatherings. The food is cheap and crap. I can't even say cheap because you are actually paying to buy crap. This makes it expensive crap.  If you are going to make a choice believe there are much better places apart from it in edinburgh. All seem to taste relatively better. Khushi's is an option but food there is overpriced. Other Take-aways on Nicholsan street and Clerk street do a pretty good job.   I can't seem to find more words to describe the disaster.
3 What do you do when you have being sightseeing the whole day and missed lunch, look for a buffet for dinner right?  It was down to two places and this place actually had Indian people eating the time that we walked by so the dinner buffet it is.  The food was laid out already so you don't have to wait, the naan came out soon so they made it to order.  The drink that came along with the meal helps the budget as well.  The variety of food is to be expected for the price you are paying for a buffet, the quality of food was decent and they kept the naan coming out.  There is a uni price and an adult price, I don't look like I am still in uni anymore?
2 A work colleague came here and was regailing us with tales of plentiful good food and all you can eat plus a free drink for £7.50. On a trip into town for work he mentioned this again, so off all 3 of us trecked to drummond street to check out the smorgasbord of curry we have been hearing about.   First impressions nice enough looking place both inside and out with a friendly welcome on arrival. Looking good so far. Drinks served IRN-BRU and mango juices all round. Now the food...  Everything looked the part from the pilau rice through to the curries but something was missing.... the smell of the spices. I always judge a curry place on their Dal and this was not good it tasted sweet and the lentils had turned to mush. Think slighty curried / spiced mashed potatoe for texture.. urgh. The rice, Bhuna, sag and tandoori chicken were pleasant enough. The Madras wihich was potatoe and lamb reminded me of irish stew, which my colleague reminded I loudly proclaimed at the table.   Overall not offensive just lacking a bit in depth of flavours I guess for the food. Lots of food for your money and the service was good, but the food is a bit bland for my palate. With so many options close by I dont think I would be rushing back.
