4 There are two things Scottsdale has going for it: 1) great parks (McDowell Mountain Preserve) and 2) amazing public pools.  There are 4 here and of them, I visited this one twice.  With two huge pools, including a diving well, it is lap swimming heaven and in the summer, I'm sure, kiddie heaven.  The pool was heated to a perfect 81 degrees - great in the chill early morning air in March.  I was sublimely happy swimming with the Scottsdale Masters Team (thanks for having me!) though those people swim really really early (5:30 AM!  Ouch!)
5 love this pool.  close to my house, very clean.  lots of lanes for laps. just get a schedule so you know when to go and lane availability.  plus cheap!  only $2 to go and swim laps.
4 This is my favorite pool to swim laps at in Scottsdale!  It is not as nice as McDowell Mountain Aquatics Center, but it has a much mellower atmosphere and fewer people!  The staff is also very pleasant.  I really love this place when they have the 50 meter pool open for lap swim (but it is usually divided into 2x25 yard pools).  Cactus pool also has a nice diving well, but I have never used the boards, so I can't attest to their quality.  My only complaint about cactus is the women's locker room.  It is rather small, and I have seen more than a few people take a plunge due to slippery floors, but luckily it has never been me!  The prices are reasonable and if you are a Scottsdale resident it is even cheaper.  Rates do go up in the winter to heat the pool, but it is always perfect, around 80 degrees, so I am not complaining.  If you are looking for a chill lap pool, where it is just you and the water, and does not feel inundated with public swims/lessons/water aerobics etc, this is your place!
3 I really like this place! The facility seems really nice, but we just use it to play ultimate frisbee with the coworkers every tuesday. The grass is nice, not muddy, and theres a little park for kids.  Downsides is that near the grass, we couldnt find any water fountains, but honestly we weren't looking that hard. I'll report more when I'm not dieing from Ultimate Frisbee.
