5 Have you ever wanted to try a new buffet, yet be able to predict ahead of the time that it will be great?  I have learned that an Arizona Indian casino is "a safe bet" for this!  After having feasted fabulously several times at Wind Dance Buffet at Wild Horse Pass Casino & at "The Buffet at Casino of the Sun" near Tucson, I ventured out in that mindset to Casino Arizona in Scottsdale to their Eagle's Buffet.  The atmosphere here is completely different than at Wind Dance.  Rather than bright lighting & high ceilings, the mood here is mellow & evening-like.  It would be a quiet place if it weren't for the many diners filling the place & raving about the food. (Honest, they were!)  It's a bit dark inside, although the nice light over my table was enough to allow me to read the magazine I always take along if dining alone.  The ceiling is low, making it all kind of cozy.  I started with some great clam chowder, & then went for salad.  Now if you're a "veggie", THIS is your casino buffet!  There were zillions of salad goodies on several different tables about the place, & everything was SO GOOD!  There was tortellini, Southwestern/Native American goodies, some things that seemed like some kind of marinated mushrooms that were so good I could have filled up on those (!), & much more.  This place is a kingly feast before you even get to the hot food!  Over at the hot food area it was delicious flame broiled Albacore with Mango Sauce, Chicken Cordon Bleu, pork roast wrapped around Pâté de Foie Gras, a Cajun Catfish dish that was out of this world, & on & on...  one fabulous dish after another.  I couldn't squeeze in dessert, but I must tell you that they didn't have like ten of several different things out, but rather one each of many desserts, each one different, each one beautiful!  Where we end up is that I just don't see how this place just could be any better!  So are you ready for the price?  It's not $100 (which I've spent for something comparable), but rather, it's $9.95!!  On top of that, with your Player's Club Card it's $8.95, & they give you the card not only free, but with $4.20 credit already on it, so your net cost is only $4.75 the first time (except for the generous tip you leave your terrific server, who just helped you enjoy one of the best meals of your lifetime).  It doesn't get any better than this, people!  9/17/09 Update:  Mostly different food there today; still 5-Stars!
4 Other than the hour and a half wait in line :) , we took my in laws to the buffet for Easter (after checking it out on Yelp) I think it was the least expensive Easter Buffet in Phoenix at $23.95 and it was worth the wait!  They served Champagne until 3, they offered Prime Rib, peel and eat shrimp and Seafood Pasta.  I can never understand why people start on the salad bar with food like this!  This buffet is the best thing this side of Vegas.  Even including many of the buffets in Vegas I've had.  The food was very fresh and tasty, the service was okay, coffee strong and really quite nice!  There was an awesome selection of food and yum.  If they have the chicken cordon bleu bites, get some, they were my favorite!  I'll be going back-it was well worth the wait!
5 I was in the mood for a good buffet and didn't feel like asian food.  Eagles Buffet at Casiono Arizona seemed like the obvious choice as I felt like "real food" and not just soup and salad, even though it's somewhat of a drive from the far SE valley.  I'm not a gambler, so I'm able to get in and out without being tempted to turn a $10 lunch into a $50 lunch.  I agree with the previous review that it really has a nice atmosphere, more like a dinner restaurant with dim lighting and cozy booths.  Although it's generally crowded at lunchtime, I've never felt uncomfortable as the buffet has a fairly spacious feel with the seating set apart from the buffet itself (similar to LV).  I generally go with a three course meal here including salads, entrees and desserts (trying as many as possible).  So today, here were my selections, all of which tasted superbly fresh and delicious.  Pics attached.  - Spinich salad w/ endive, mandarin oranges, gorgonzola and candied walnuts - grilled squash/zucchini - olive assortment - fresh veggies w/ blue cheese dressing - cornmeal crusted trout - halibut w/ cranberry apple chutney - rice w/ veggies (steamed not fried) - coucous salad w/ kidney beans - steamed green beans w/ squash, carrots and red peppers - key lime pie (just a taste) - cheesecake w/ candybar topping (same as above) - chocolate brownie w/ hot fudge and strawberry sauce (same as above)  It sounds like a ton of food, but since I avoided anything heavy or deep fried, it was not too bad.  Plus, I just tasted each of the three desserts, I just coudn't help myself.  Yes, I was full, but I'm already planning my next visit.
5 I had another fabulous lunch at the Eagles Buffet today.  I really enjoy the variety of selections here, I don't believe that it's ever been the same in all the times I've tried it.  For those of us who "try" to be more health conscious, you just cannot go wrong with two salad bars.  Today, the entrees and side dishes were more along the lines of comfort food and included the following:  BBQ Beef Brisket w/ Buns Cornmeal encrusted Trout/Sauteed Red Snapper Roasted Chicken & Pork Pepperoni Pizza Mashed potatoes/gravy Roasted Red Potatoes Macaroni & Cheese Baked Beans Sauteed green beans w/ red/green pepper and onion Jasmine rice w/ black beans and peppers (delicious) Clam chowder/Chicken & bean soup Black Bean & Chipotle prepared salad Baked potates w/ all the toppings  The service is always top notch and I just love the dark, cozy atmosphere, it almost reminds me of a steakhouse.  The desserts are just "to die for" here....I had the freshly baked apple and cranberry cobler and my dining companion had this super rich, ultra scrumptious chocoloate peanut butter pie.  We both rolled ourselves out of there and are having no dinner tonight!
5 Stopped into Eagles here for lunch again today, to see if it's still exuding maximum wonderfulness, since I hadn't been over here for a while.  The varied international menu they serve through the week leaned somewhat toward Mexican food today, & I started with some tasty Chicken Chipolté Soup.  (Later, I had some of their Vegetable Beef Soup, & it was delicious too.)  There was all sorts of salad, plus great fruit including FRESH pineapple, blackberries, blueberries, cherries, various kinds of melons, & more.  Then it was on to Sesame Ginger Lo Mein (better than at the Chinese restaurant!), fancy couscous (better than at the Mid-Eastern restaurant !), & so on.  Of course there was all kinds of meat too, rolls, fry bread, potatoes all different ways, tacos, you-name-it...  plus MANY (40?) different desserts, & the one I had was just terrific.  Anything else 5-Stars about this place?  Well, let's see...  the big goblet of crystal clear ice water, the coffee, the table service, & the atmosphere, to start with.  It's a slice of Heaven people, for what would amount to $9.19 plus tax, including beverage!
5 We go there for Christmas dinner but any Sunday is just as nice. Try to arrive by 11:00 AM or you could be in line for over an hour. Prime rib, oysters on the half shell, shrimp, salmon, roast pork plus all the side dishes, mashed potato's, and the dessert bar and key lime pie is just fantastic. This is a 5 star establishment and the servers are very attentive and really take care of you, be sure and leave a nice tip. Just walk past the slot machines going in and out.
3 I had gone back and forth on this one, trying to decide between here and the buffet at the Talking Stick resort. This one wasn't awful, but I'm definitely going to try the Wandering Horse before coming back here.  So I'm a vegetarian. I made this clear when I called. Yes, they had the options. I made this clear when we stood in line to be seated. Yes, very veggie friendly, and the chefs would even make me something special.  I got in. It was fish night  (yay for my partner, boo for me). By "vegetarian options" they meant that there was a meager salad bar, a cheese platter, and hush puppies. Even their bleu cheese casserole had ham of some sort in it, and all the pizza had meat on it. Fine - I went to ask the chefs if they'd make me something. They all stared at me blankly, and passed me from chef to chef. Finally, one guy said he could do it, and asked me what I wanted. Obviously, I didn't know what they could make, so I asked. "Stir fry vegetables." Ok, anything else? "Stir fry vegetables." I asked if they had some protein lying around, and he finally found silken tofu...which isn't meant to be stir fried, but I took it.  I waited while he made it. Basically, tofu, veggies and soy sauce, with nothing else to spice it up. Also, they didn't have any other non-fish specific sauces, so I couldn't spice it up. I ate a lot of salad and cheese and stir fry.  My partner loved some of the fish dishes, but said others were very dried. She didn't finish the carved meat, but went back for more trout and potatoes.  I was super excited about the dessert bar, and their dulche de leches in individual bowls (similar to creme brulee) were out of this world. I had two, contemplated a third. German chocolate cake, also tasty. The rest that we tried? Meh.  Service was great, outstanding. However, the buffet was much smaller than I had anticipated (about the same size as Super Salad at 4 times the cost), food (meat  like) was mediocre, and the whole place was not veggie friendly at all. Three stars unless something magical happens.
5 This buffet is really good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  At first you will think,,,oh no,,,there is not a huge buffet  of choices here but they are going for quality instead of quantity!!!!!!!  Everything I tried was super delicious and fresh,,,you could tell it had been made that day.  They have wonderful fresh-tossed salads with quality ingredients like spinach and fresh mango,,also a fabulous fresh pea salad.  Chilled shrimp that had been properly deveined meticulously with plenty of cocktail sauce to serve yourself.  I had the best fall-off-the bone beef ribs and some wonderful fish that was tender and flaky.  Also tried a wonderful Italian wedding soup!  The dessert was wonderful too, we shared a  wedding-type white cake that was moist and had lots of yummy icing and they had fresh oriental almond cookies that were homemade and fantastic!!!  Also ice cream with toppings.  We will definitely be going back to this buffet!!!!!!!!!!!
4 I don't know why, but because I've always tried the 4 and 5 star buffets in Vegas, I was off-standish about trying this on out. The ones in Vegas always seemed spectacular, and I didn't think Eagles was going to be able to beat my expectations.   Since my husband's company was paying for it, we tried it for his work party event, and another time for just a company hangout event.  I'll admit it, it was really, really good.. they had a large salad bar, pastas, seafood selection, and good choice of Asian, American, and Italian selections. They also had a fruit and dessert bar. I loved the unlimited crab legs and drawn butter! I never leave here hungry or disatistfied. Service is very prompt and they come by often to check up on you.The casino that it sits in is kind of small, but the buffet is pretty damn good.
5 ohhhhh what a pleasant, delicious, surprise this buffet was. :D Friday dinner = 14.50 per person, including soft drink, and the food is glorrrrioussss. GLORIOUS. I ate like.. 8 lbs of smoked salmon, orange roughy, marinated Mediterranean seafood salads, a few fancy raviolis, and grazed on really tasty salad, antipasti, cheeses, ceviche, AND ALL SORTS of other really delicious delicacies. YAAY. SUPER CLEAN. very well staffed, with attentive service. Cloth napkins! FANTSY. THIS is a luxury buffet, for the same price, or just a few bucks more than what one would typically pay a gross chain buffet, infested with big, scary, giant human mutant things. I cannot wait to return :D The freshness/quality quotient is super high, and the value is stellar.
2 2 out of 5- mainly because price vs. selection.  The buffet at Talking stick is about $5 more and I give that a 5 star.   Eagles buffet had a very small selection and desserts were cheap.  On a sat night and for $46 for 2 people. We were dissappointed.  Good food and service.  Service people were awesome and place was clean and nicely appointed. Could do with a little more variety for food. My husband filled up on mashed potatoes and macaroni salad.
5 Sunday Free-Flow Champagne brunch. Made to order omelette station, prime rib and roast pork carving station, fresh oysters, french toast, waffles, pancakes... $19 tax included. What's not too love? Don't forget to tip your servers.
1 I don't know how anyone can give this more than 1 star. After reading peoples reviews I think that the buffet at one time was good. I wouldn't eat here again if you paid me. This is the worst quality of food I have ever had. It was tiny and the selection of foods were horrible. Greasy mess. I ate the bare minimum to get me full. I should have got my money back. Will never eat here again it's all yours old people.
4 I ate here because they have all you can eat crab legs on Wednesday and Thursday. On a night like this I would expect a full house and line. The restaurant was busy but there was never a line. I like that I didn't have to fight the crowd to get some crab. They also had a salad bar, meat, fish, mashed potatoes, baked potatoes, sweet and sour chicken, chow mein, tacos, hush puppies, and rolls. The crab legs and tri tip were great and the rest of the food was okay. We left completely satisfied and can't wait to go back.
3 Went for the Champagne Brunch for my Birthday weekend. I love a breakfast buffet. It had a lot of shrimp which I love. An Omlete bar made to order - nice. But mostly lunch food is available.  Oh some peach french toast that was very good, bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs and eggs  benidict.  Mini Bagels were cold and of poor quality. They really should replace those. Lox was suppose to be there but it was just salmon.  Surprisingly the champagne was good when pared with the food! I seldom like the taste of champagne so I was happy to find that I liked this one.  The dessert bar was not so impressive. Always the same. They should do a chocolate fountain or something impressive. Maybe even add an ice sculpture.    Upgrade things for the price of $17.50 plus tip.  Because Golden Corral has a chocolate fountain and ice cream varities for less than $10 for brunch.    Of course some of the resorts do the chocolate fountain also. I called and found one resort that offered Sunday Champagne Brunch with fresh pastries also but the price was $70 per adult. A bit out of my range.  I would go back just the same but not very often.  It was better than the lunch buffet I once went to here.
3 The food is very good.  I wish there was a seperate entrance so you didn't have to walk through the nasty wall of smoke from the casino on your way to the restaurant.  Also, the smoke smell from the casino was so bad in the restaurant.  We almost left but were able to find a table in the far back corner by the kitchen where we weren't overwhelmed by the smoke.  I'm so surprised they didn't install some sort of air filter in the restaurant so you're not eating while surrounded by a wall of smoke.    The buffet included peel and eat shrimp, oysters, carving stations, salad, fruit, all the breakfast goodies, omelette station etc....   The food is good but the overwhelming smoke smell was a huge issue for us.
5 We came here Sunday for lunch.   Wow, what a great time we had.   Lots of parking in the lot and nice and cool inside,as it was a scorching hot day out there.   There was no line even though it was about 1:00pm. We were seated at the perfect booth for two. They brought water right away, then our drinks while we getting our food. You just do not know where to start. The selection is just like Vegas Baby.  Only $35.00 plus tax for 2. Which is called Sunday Champagne. We did not drink any alcohol, but you can get it if you like.   The food is fantastic.  Seafood, meat, chicken, Salmon was excellant!    It had a steady flow of people but, no line ever.  With Prime Rib and Ham, even an Omlette bar. Lobster Omlette.....Real mashed potaoes as well. Rest rooms were shiny and clean.  We will be back very soon.
5 Wow, almost two years has flown by since last updating this one.  In the meantime, I've been enjoying the Lunch Buffet here regularly, & here were some of the highlights today when Mike C. joined me:  *  Very creamy Cream of Mushroom Soup!  *  Seafood Medley Salad with lots of different goodies thrown into it!  *  Tasty "Brick Oven Pizza!  (Good pizza HERE?  Yes!)  *  Green beans in a delicious gravy with beef!  *  Amazing fall-off-the-bone BBQ Pork Ribs!  *  Awesome Crème brûlée among the many excellent desserts!  *  Very comfortable dining room!  *  Excellent table service!  There's lots to love about this consistently excellent Lunch Buffet, including the LOW price of $9.95 including beverage!     :-))
5 Eagles has added a Dim Sum table with hosts to the Buffet here, so I whipped over here today to give it all a try, joined by Robyn N. & Mike C.  From the Dim Sum selection of about 10 items, I tried the (unusual) Hong Kong Won Ton Soup, Pork Shao Mai, Shrimp Hauk Au, Beef Tripe & BBQ Pork Bun.  Didn't care much for the last two but the rest were pretty good.  (Yes I do eat tripe.  I'm Cuban!)  A couple of favorites for me today were the Pasta Fagioli Soup & the fried chicken, which they don't usually have here.  Lots of other delicious dishes, salads & desserts to choose from, & all in all it was a great lunch as usual!     :-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $9.95 including beverage.
4 Love the Sunday champagne brunch! You pay before entering, a word to the wise if your unsure of the place ask to take a look at the food BEFORE PAYING, this has saved us countless times at other places & they are happy to accommodate!! Once seated a server will ask what you'd like to drink and then let the games began!   I think its around 15-20 per person, champagne included! Dipping station with chocolate fountain is my favorite, Strawberries, marshmallows, rice krispies.   We also did their Christmas Day buffet and ended up just as happy! To be able to relax and enjoy your food rather then slaving away in the kitchen was priceless! Good variety for everyone.   I'm usually not a buffet person but pretty happy overall.  Pricing:  *Sunday Champagne Brunch: $17.50 adults; $11.95 kids  *Lunch Mon-Sat: $9.95 adults; $6.00 kids  *Dinner Sun-Tues: $14.50 adults; $7.95 kids  *Dinner Fri & Sat: $19.50 adults; $13.50 kids  *Dinner Wed & Thur (Crab Legs): $17.50 adults; $7.95 kids  *Holiday prices vary
5 We have come here a few times in the past year, and we really liked it a lot! So we decided to come here for our END of the WORLD Dinner. Of course the world did not end because, I am writing this review, but the dinner was still great! The staff laughed when we told them why we were there. They said people had been saying that all day long when they were coming in for lunch and dinner. We had all you can eat Crab Legs with Clarified Butter. They were divine. I wish we could of found all you can eat lobster, but you can't have everything. We were lucky to find this place. Not only did I have crab, but also prime rib, trout and spicy catfish(totally fabulous). Their mashed Potatoes are real and the gravy is so worth it. I feel like I am in Vegas when I go to this place, I love it. Plus, they have fabulous desserts of all types. I love the fruit tarts, Mario loved the Banana pie . This place is so diffidently worth your time and attention. give it a try. Since we are all still here and loving life.
2 I was quite disappointed, especially considering the high yelp reviews.  No way is this a four star dining experience by any means. At best it is three and based on my experience it is a two. Maybe it was just because it was late when I went, but it certainly was not good.   First off, for a casino buffet, they had very limited options and very little variety. There was nothing that could be custom ordered for one and second what they did have wasn't that great. Anytime I'm at a buffet and I start filling my plates with soup, fruit, and vegetables, it its a sign that there isn't much else to offer that is anything good. They had prime rib, a chicken dish and seafood and desserts, but that was pretty much it for the main entrees. The chicken dish tasted terrible. It was dry and bland, and after one piece of it I had enough. The prime rib: bland and pink, and not that good. I asked them to cook it longer for me and after that is was cooked right but still was pretty bland. The baked potatoes were probably the best part, although they weren't all that hot. Although there were toppings available to make it a loaded baked potato the toppings seemed like they were sitting a while. The butter- just avoid it. It was terrible, and looked much better than it tasted.   Desserts were pretty limited and  not very good. I wanted something chocolate, and there weren't any options. So I tried the chocolate chip cookies. They were stale, hard, and very poor tasting. A manager walked by and asked if there was anything he could do, so I asked for something with chocolate in it. He eventually came by with a chocolate cream pie. The taste: not impressive by any means. It met the criteria but wasn't that tasty.  The orange juice: very watery. My drinks were terrible.   The service was as bad as the meal. The waitress barely spoke English for one, and almost everything needed to be explained to her twice. Second, she was slow and almost never checked up on us. Almost every time I needed something I had to ask some other staff member since the waitress was never present or checking up on us. And the restaurant was pretty empty, so there was no excuse for the poor service.   Overall: terrible. Definitely do not recommend, and certainly not worth the $20 meal cost.
4 Raw oysters on a buffet should scare me in the desert. But here...they have figured it out.  I was impressed with the quality at this buffet.  And you are indeed paying for it.  But still others have diappointed. The other item outstanding for me here was the amount of  dessert options they had alongside a comprehensive buffet.  There is something here for everyone.  Even the most picky of guests could be pleased with something. Make this a treat for when you have to entertain the mother in law!
5 So it has been a year since my last review of this Buffet. We came again on a Sunday. Very nice as always. Food is great, some things I love ,& some things just OK. That is why a Buffet is a great place to go. You can try things and not feel bad if you do not like them. Still a good price at $38.00 for two. Even Champange with the Sunday Bruch. I did not partake, but if you wanted to. Even the GM came by and asked if we liked it and Thanked us for coming in.  Lots of parking in the lot as well. Nice clean rest rooms.
5 Enjoyed another great lunch here today, this time joined by Robyn N., Mike C. & Jackie C.  It's hard to count up the different food items here because of the layout, but there were more than 125 unique choices this time, plus sauces & dressings.    Some of my favorite treats today were the Won Ton Soup served up at the special Dim Sum table, the breaded, baked (?) balls of chicken breast meat, and an amazing soup called Carne en su Jugo, with sauteed onions to add in.  This is a very comfortable restaurant for your party of any size, and there are plenty of choices for Vegetarians & dessert lovers, as well as meaties.  All this for the continuing low price of $9.99 keep this as one of my top favorite Buffets in the Valley!     :-))
4 Not the largest selection, but the quality is there. They had a broiled Mako Shark that was pretty good, roast beef very tasty but a little dry. Salad offerings were fresh plentiful. Posole soup was hearty. Overall pretty good food and service was ok.
4 We were in the Phoenix area over the holiday weekend and wanted some Chinese food.  We did a search on Yelp for Chinese Buffets and the Eagles Buffet came up.  The reviews were really good so we thought we would give it a try.  It was a little difficult to find because I followed the Yelp directions which took us a couple of miles out into the middle of nowhere.  So I had to enter the street address into Google Maps to find it.  Once we realized it was inside a casino, we didn't have any problems.   After we arrived and were seated, we discovered that this was not a Chinese buffet but a Sunday brunch buffet.  While my wife was initially disappointed not to get her Chinese fix, she wasn't disappointed for long.  They had anything and everything you would want on the buffet.  Breakfast offerings included eggs benedict, bacon, link sausage, hash browns, scrambled eggs, french toast, bananas foster, pancakes or omelets made to order.  There was grilled ham with pineapple, roast beef, green beans, potato wedges, baked halibut, steamed salmon, for those who preferred lunch.  Multiple salad options, cole slaw, fruit, caesar salads to spinach salad.  All kinds of bread, savory and sweet.  My favorite was the boiled shrimp and the fried shrimp.  The fried shrimp was excellent, light and crispy.  The boiled shrimp was a perfect match with the slightly spicy cocktail sauce.  The shrimp alone was enough to keep my wife and I satisfied, I filled up a half plate three times.  The grandkids found plenty of choices to choose from as well.  The granddaughter focused on breakfast, eating multiple links of sausage and pancakes.  Our grandson focused on lunch, with the grilled ham, assorted cheese cubes, spinach salad, and various breads.  While eating their meals, they were already talking about the desserts and what they wanted to try.  There was enough dessert options to please anyone, included sugar free selections.  I had two pieces of pie; the grandson had three dessert shooters and a chocolate ice cream cone.   I am not usually a fan of buffets because I often find the food unseasoned and bland, this was not the case at Eagles.  Everything was seasoned and flavorful.  It was more expensive than we would normally spend on a dinner meal, I can say everyone left with their bellies full and ready for a nap.  The servers were attentive and kept our dishes cleaned off the table while refilling our drinks.  I would not recommend this as an every Sunday meal but occasionnally this would be a very nice treat!
4 Met my whole family of 11 people here for brunch on a sunday. We got in pretty quick and were led to our table. As you can imagine, with so many people, someone wasn't happy with the choice of our table and so we ended up asking for a different one. The staff was nice enough to accommodate that and finally we were seated.  The buffet itself had a pretty good selection of breakfast items, including an omelette grill area, where you can pick the ingredients. In addition, the Sunday brunch includes seafood, and many other lunch type foods.   Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.
4 Let me begin with this comment-this is a 3 star buffet, but I give them four stars due to their price!  Went to lunch there yesterday to give them a try.  I was pretty impressed for only $10 per head.  They have a very nice salad bar, a dim sum station with about 6 choices, and some other hot food selections.  While admittedly the buffet is small and limited, what was offered was pretty good.  There was no "big beef" entree, but that day they were offering smoked pork ribs which were pretty darn good.  And surprisingly, the dim sum was excellent -- better than what the more notable dim places in Phoenix offer.  I was happy.  Oh yeah, they had a very nice salmon entree with huge fillets of salmon.  Only thing the salmon was pink and not silver or red -- oh well, what do you expect for only $10!
5 Sunday brunch is incredible. This is the place we save when we want to spoil ourselves. My favorites are the champagne (of course), the eggs benedict, the cheese blintzes, and the creme brulee. Amazing!
4 Went for lunch again yesterday.  This update is to confirm my previous impressions about this buffet.  Dim Sum still excellent, although limited in selection.  Salad bar is good and my GF said that their spinach/mandarin orange/walnut/feta salad was outstanding!  They also had what they called pork canitas on the menu yesterday and that was sliced and served from the carving station.  I thought that this was an excellent entree since it was not the typical shredded carnitas that you generally get.  And I believe they used boneless pork shoulder which left some strips of fat within each slice of meat, with the carnitas seasoning generously rubbed on the exterior of the meat, just like dry rubbed BBQ beef brisket.  So again, this place is pretty darn good in my opinion.
2 We came here for my sister's baby shower brunch and there was a lot left to be desired.  First,  they tried to charge us $250 to use the larger back room, which wasn't even a private space.  The price didn't bother me considering they were offering all you could drink mimosas but the service was downright bad. Everytime we ordered more mimosas the staff seemed to be really put out; essentially they like to advertise the all you can drink,  but they aren't happy About doing it.   The food was just okay,  as others have mentioned, the selection was smaller than I expected.  I stuck mostly to salad,  fruit,  and soup, but I tried other selections and nothing was a wow. My friends did enjoy the cocktail shrimp and oysters.  Over the experience was okay because of the company I was with,  but I never plan to return.
4 My favorite time to eat here is when they have the all-you-can-eat snow crab. Never had a bad meal. Friendly staff.
4 OK; just another update here.  But I felt the need to update.  Went to lunch here again yesterday and I gotta tell you that I was very happy.  They had a spinach/mandarin orange/candied walnuts/feta cheese salad that my GF just loved!  They also had as another choice - Ceasar Salad, which was very good and I loved it.  They had roasted loin/filet of beef on the carving table and that was very, very good -- especially since it was rare and I like it that way.  They had Italian Sausage and peppers that was also excellent!  I always get a few dim sum selections too, and this time they had stewed tendons (which might sound yucky to some, but I love that stuff), and they had shrimp/pork won tons in soup which were very good!  And all this (along with a lot of other things that I did not mention) for $10.  Oh yeah, they also had curried chicken which also was very good.
1 WTF!!!  As you know, I like this place a lot!  For its food.  But they never post their menu on their website and when you call, nobody knows what's on the menu for the day.  How stupid is that.  So I called again today and they put me thru to their Food And Beverage Department and they picked up the phone and hung up on me.  I know this for a fact because I called back 3 times and each time the operator connected me to F&B, this happened.  How freaking stupid and inconsiderate is that?  Perhaps we should not frequent this place again.
4 I finally got to try this buffet with my family last week. The challenge in getting here was taking a day off from work on a week day and getting the $9.95 week day only dim sum that I really wanted to try.  The dim sum selection was limited to 6 or 7 items but each of them was fresh and very good. The items that day were shrimp & pork shumai,  won ton soup, fried rice, steamed BBQ pork buns, rice noodle rolls, tripe, chicken feet, shrimp rice dumplings and pan fried dumplings. I don't eat tripe or chicken feet, but went back for seconds for all the other items. There was an excellent variety of sauces on the dim sum serving station. My son loved the dim sum as well and we both definitely got our $9.95's worth from it.  The main buffet was good although not a very large selection, but enough to provide a good variety.  I can't recall everything there but the items I tried that were good were the fried chicken (excellent), flat steak, baked cod and New England clam chowder. There were at least a dozen other dishes I didn't try only because I was too full.  Desserts included mini creme Brulee tins (awesome), chocolate and strawberry mousse,  the standard cake and pie selection and soft serve ice cream.   For $9.95 (weekday lunch price only), I was really happy with this place. I went primarily to try the dim sum but happy with everything else I tried. Next trip back will be for a weekend brunch and will update this review.....
5 Stopped back in over here for lunch today, joined by Robyn N.  Our approximately 135 main food item extravaganza began with the Dim Sum table at the entrance to the main serving area.  I went appetizers of Shrimp Haukau, Pork & Shrimp Shaomai, Beef Shaomai, as well as a cup of their delicious Won Ton Soup.  Yum!  Over in the main serving area there were lots of salad choices, various tasty cold cuts of meat and cheese, two more soups and numerous main dishes including large, tender pork ribs, Vodka Ravioli, Breaded Trout, and much more.   Lastly, out at the big Dessert Buffet area I went with some AWESOME Chocolate Cream Pie, creamy soft ice cream and delicious Crème brûlée!.  Ms. Server was lovely and even friendly Mr. Manager stopped by our table to make sure we were completely happy.  Yes, this restaurant serves up an amazing feast for the money and Eagles remains one of my very top favorite Buffets in the Valley!     :-))  Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet:  $9.95 including soft beverages.
3 I came here for the seafood buffet. I was seated in a booth and went to go get food. As I come back someone else was sitting there. So, of course I was just dissatisfied with their service already. They then move me to a table. 5 min later they said they had a new booth for us. So, I'm just like ok at least they are trying to be nice about it. Only reason why I gave it the rating I did because no one likes to be moved 2-3 times. I'm just trying to eat here because it was already bad enough they gave my seat to someone else after they just sat me down 5 min. earlier.   So, for the food part they had fish, pizza, wings, rice, prime rib, chicken, and of course crab. That is basically what I go there for is the crabs. It's good if you need a fix for it. Now, before this whole seating fiasco I thought this place was good on their customer service and the food was legit. I was just a bit disappointed with being moved a few times, but since they got good crab, I can see myself being back.
2 This place is quantity over quality. I came for a weekday lunch and for $10, the food was just "meh." I would not let this be your introduction to dim sum, because those dishes are not very good. You can get a real dim sum lunch elsewhere for comparable pricing.  Eagles is an option if you want a variety of mediocre food. To be honest, nothing really stood out for me. My friend randomly threw some cash into a slot machine and won enough to cover our meals. That was good because i wouldn't pay to come back. Service though, was pretty good. Our plates were cleared and drinks kept full.
