4 When in Rome, do as the Romans do, right? Out in Surprise, AZ there aren't to many independents to chose from but just about every chain you can think of. Including a new Barro's at the corner of Greenway and Reems which is just a mile from my bff's house.   They not only have a decent pizza but some of the meatiest wings Ive had in ages! We ordered the daily special which is a 1 topping, XL pizza and 24 wings, bone in or boneless for 23 bucks! We got a pepperoni and 24 honey bbq wings, bone in.. I love a good bone! Anyhoo..  Pizza is ample topped with thin slices of slightly oily pepperoni and has a chewy and slightly crispy crust. The wings are tender and the thick rich honey bbq taste was memorable. For 23 bucks and with the amount of leftovers, probably 2 meals, a real bargain. Plus the quality really seems to be there in both the ingredients and the friendliness of the staff.   I suppose I can consider myself a Roman now, wuff!
1 I had to give it one star because the bad service and saggy bread meatballs sandwich I received. I would not go there again!
5 We've had their pizza delivered and have gone there for lunch.  It has always been awesome.  The staff there is always friendly.  Never had one problem.
4 Yeah, we found our home of the Pizza and Salad.. Barro's is where its at! Every time we go there, the service is spectacular, the food is very flavorful and the price is just right.  Talk about fresh...  They got it!!
3 We have been here a few times and I have not yet been that impressed! Friends continue to tell me how great this place is? I don't get it!!! Pizza is pretty much plain. Nothing special about sauce, dough, or anything! Maybe we should dine in and see how it is right out of the oven? I'll let you know how that goes? In the mean time, place is just OK!
4 This was the first pizza place I tried when I moved here and by far I think it has the best pizza. The wings are good and the delivery is fast and with a smile. The staff has always be fair and kind even when they are busy. I love this place.
3 We were in town for Spring Training and gave Barro's a whirl. It claims to have chicago style pizza but I was born and raised there. Chicago style thin crust never has topping on top of the cheese. And it's never pie slices, always square. If you forget their claim it's decent pizza. I like the chewy crust. We ordered the special with wings and it was a good value. Lots of food. The wings were far better than expected - lightly breaded and meaty. The hot actually had some heat so that was an added bonus.
5 Best pizza in surprise. My family and I love the crust and the specialty pizzas are a nice change from the sea of sameness found out in the pizza chain world.
2 Keep in mind, as you read this review that it isn't so much the issue, but how it is handled...or not handled in this case.   This was communicated to Barro's on April 4, 2012 and as of today, April 10th I have not spoke to anyone regarding this situation.  I understand that mistakes happen but again, it's how the mistake is addressed that can make or break a customer.  Surprise, AZ Location Order 5730  I just tried calling twice and was hung up once when trying to be put on hold and was on hold for over 5 minutes the second time.  That probably lends to my frustration at this point.  I called in an order at 6:20pm and was told 20-25 minutes and I showed up at 6:45 and was told my pizza wasn't ready.  After waiting TWENTY FIVE minutes I went up to the girl and asked her to check on my order.  After running around, she found it in the warmer and it had been sitting there the entire time!!  She said she was sorry but the order was under Linda Miller, not Melinda Miller.  Really??  At what point do you look at the order and realize it's the SAME person?  We actually stopped going to Barro's last summer due to issues just like this and this was some kind of welcome back.  We live around the corner and I'm pretty sure you'd agree, I shouldn't have to heat up a luke warm pizza, I paid for a hot pizza.  Hopefully you can use this feedback and get your act together.
4 Love Barros and have always had good service!
4 fast and friendly good food.
4 This is a great place to dine in and try the lunch special.  Inexpensive and fast for lunch.   As for the pizza, I was impressed with the large ham pizza we had.  The cheese was stringy as I pulled each slice off the pan, delicious.  The pizza had a lot of cheese on it and was great.  I would describe the sauce as more on the sweet side.  I know some prefer bitter, but the sweeter sauce goes great with the more salty ham pizza we had.   We ordered a large pizza and between our family of 4 we could not finish it.  At only $11 for a large I consider that a great value.  Much of Barro's success is its super low prices and hot, fresh cheese they use.  The original crust also has a nice seasoning to it.  As for drinks they do offer beers, wine, and soda is at the $1.25 to 1.75 mark depending on size.  You refill your own soda, so about the norm price for a fast food place on drinks. If your looking for inexpensive pizza and want to dine in try Barros pizza.  Nothing like fresh pizza that does not hurt the pocket book.
5 I love the pizza here.  I used to come to Barro's all the time when I worked from home for lunch.  They have a great lunch special!  You can get a drink and a slice for $2.50!  Who can complain about that??  The pizza is really good, too.   I took my family there for dinner the other night and the whole family had pizza and a drink for about $20,  and we had leftovers!
4 Very tasty pizza! Get the buffalo chicken pizza. It's fantastic!
2 Totally disappointing. We have ordered pizza from here before and they are usually quick and deliver hot food.....tonight was different. Our food was cold and disgusting. What a disappointment! Im sitting here mad and hungry. Not a good way to spend a sat night.
5 My favorite pizza place in Surprise.  We get Barrows every Friday night for pizza night with our kids.
2 2.4/5 stars - Can't decide if this pizza was actually good or bad. Kind of tasted like a freshly made frozen pizza if that makes any sense. Crust wasn't thick or thin and had a lot of bubbles, can't remember the sauce, and the cheese was thin. Kind of reminded me of a very good Totinos Party Pizza.
4 The pizza was great!. Good amount of sauce and flavor. We also had the boneless wings which were also fantastic. It has a classy, friendly feel and it was clean.   The only reason for not giving it 5 stars is the food came out a little slow but it was also a Friday night. Overall we will be back again.
4 Overall, I would say they are probably my favorite pizza chain around.  Their pizza, breadsticks and wings are all good and their price is fair.  I consider them to be a much better option over something like Domino's or Pizza Hut, but my favorite pizza in the valley is still Brother's Pizza.  I would definitely recommend checking them out if you are in the mood for pizza.  They are my go-to choice for pizza night!
3 We ordered a specialty pizza (chicken wing) to try Barro's for the first time.  The pizza overall was ok.  The cheese and chicken tasted the best and of good quality.  The wing sauce tasted a bit on the greasy side, and the crust will thick, somewhat tasted of frozen quality.  The price for this large specialty pie came to $18.  I generously gave this place and this pizza a 3, but the with the high price and crust quality could easy have dropped to a 2.  This wasn't what I expected, but would consider giving them another chance.
5 We had our school night there last night. It was packed, people seemed happy, and as always, their pizza was very good! Barro's is always generous to our school and I appreciate them very much.
5 My FAVORITE pizza!  And although I do enjoy the toppings (such as hot wing, kona, Barros special & mega meat), I would say it is greatly because of the delicious crust :D I've read others reviews where they say there's nothing special about it, but I would beg to differ. It is crusty on the outside, soft on the inside & it doesn't give me an upset tummy after eating it, lol. They also have gluten free crust for those who prefer it.   This is also the only pizza place I know that sells it's pizza dough! You have to call ahead of time so they'll have it packed for you, but isn't that cool?    For lunch they sell pizza by the slice & have different pizza's available on different days of the week.   The only thing I don't like is that they have such a great relationship with all the local schools (which is good) that during the school year they sometimes reserve the entire restaurant (which is bad), leaving no seating room for any walk in guests. That doesn't quite seem fair. I love kids, but I love to eat my pizza sitting down too, lol! I'm terrible that way ;)
5 I really enjoy pizza and wings fro Barro's Pizza, and to think I found out about this place through my lady!  :-) They are also exceedingly fast at their delivery service (which is very good to me, prompt service that is), and I can also remember one time when my lady had placed an order, and they were running late, well when they got to our home, they automatically "upgraded the order" to a Large Pizza instead of a small one! Thanks Barro's.....  You are the bomb !!!  :-)
4 I love the pizza, wings and salad bar.  We always get their original crust pizza which is delicious but lately they have been putting a little more sauce than I prefer so we started ordering thin crust which is so yummy!   The wings are so yummy and they offer both regular wings and boneless.
4 Having 3 gluten free people in the house we were thrilled to find the GF pizza at Barro's! Thank you, it is so nice to enjoy pizza with the rest of the family!
1 The worst pizza place on the west coast of america, well I take that back the worst in the WORLD! it is ran by kids and they have no management.
4 Every time my family and I have ordered from here it has been delivered fast and hot. We usually always order the teriyaki chicken pizza because it is our favorite, we love the sauce. The crust is fluffy and delicious. We have not been disappointed yet. This is our go to pizza place especially because of the price and flavor, you can't beat it.
3 As a native Arizonan, I grew up on Barro's pizza. Needless to say, you can't beat the lunch specials and the decently sized slices.   All in all, the food is good...now if you could just find a clean table to sit! Came here on a Monday afternoon. Wasn't greeted. Stood around so long waiting for someone to take our order that we almost left. Finally an employee came up to the register to take care of the growing line. Now I'm pretty easy so I was willing to let that slide, but once I got my food, there was not one clean booth to sit in. Literally. My group went back and forth from both sides trying to find a clean place to sit until we finally settled for a dirty booth that we had to clean OURSELVES! There looked like there were enough employees around to take care of the place, but one guy was too busy refilling his drink to take notice. My fiancé almost went up to complain, but it just seemed like a bunch of high school kids working so what do they care, been there done that. Glad I got to share my meal with someone else's trash. The girl at the front who had been taking orders the whole time came out a few moments later and started cleaning up. Either she's the only one with any drive at this place or they are severely understaffed.   In conclusion, pizza and wings are great, but if I have to eat next to someone else's trash again I will look elsewhere for some pizza.
4 What can I say...I love pizza and especially Barro's pizza. The delivery time was outstanding, it only took 10 minutes for its arrival. The only thing better than the delivery time was the pizza itself. I've been called a purist because I enjoy a good only fashion pepperoni pizza, plain and simple. Barro's came through as usual and provided a slice of heaven. The pizza was fresh and hot, which meant that it didn't last long.  The only reason I didn't give five stars is because the prices are a little above the average price for similar pizza, but the pizza was definitely worth it.   This isn't my first Barro's pizza and it definitely won't be the last.
4 We come to Barro's Pizza in Surprise at least 2 times a month. The pizza is great and extremely consistent. Their dough, cheese, and sauce is definitely primo! It is a very family friendly place although it is a bit pricier than other pizza places...but it is worth it. I would definitely suggest the original crust cheese pizza and the medium boneless wings. The wing sauce is awesome!  If you are looking for a great lunch spot as well, Barro's is great. Everyday until 4pm they have slices of pizza for $1.75. As well as a speciality pizza of the day. Saturdays is Kona and that is hands down my favorite pizza they make! Today my husband and I got 3 slices of pizza, a salad, and a large drink for $9.00. That is a great deal for 2 people.  I didn't give Barro's five stars because their delivery times and service needs some work. Their delivery times are never under an hour and the couple of times we did order delivery our order was wrong and cold. So if you want hot pizza and hot wings I would definitely suggest dining in.
3 For my reference an x-lg pizza is 12 slices. The $26 deal of a 1 topping xl pizza and 24 wings is all for the wings. 24 wings alone is $16.99. The xl pizza is $11.99. Ill stick to the 2 lg pizza deal next time.
3 Love that they have a gluten free crust option, and that my girls both loved it when they tried it.    The sauce is just okay, a bit on the bland side. Would love to see dairy free vegan cheese options.  Their prices are a bit high for the quality, but customer service was polite and professional.
4 Appreciate the gluten free pizza. They employees are always courteous.
