3 Smaller than normal Starbucks, but plenty of parking.  Nice location in nice shopping area.  Staff was polite.
4 Quaint little spot, gets pretty crowded during busy hours, but experienced baristas that handle it with ease. Other than that, just your average Starbucks!
5 I love Starbucks coffee.  My new favorite is the blonde roast.  This location gets pretty crowded, especially on Friday mornings.  The baristas here are really friendly.
5 I love stopping by this Starbucks. The staff here is great and it seems to be a lower traffic location- which makes for a quick drink or quiet break.
4 They make good coffee and the service is consistently fast
5 Never a bad experience at Starbucks.  I am here with my dog, Molly.  Being respectful of the premises I did not bring Molly into the store. I called the store and spoke to Terry who took my order and brought it out to me. She even brought Molly a cup of water...a nice touch!
2 Consistently average.
2 Just like the rating. Meh. Baristas look like they are bored out of their minds. My friend wanted to inquire about their free Tall Hazelnut macchiato, and boy were they sour about it. They decide to honor the promotion, like they should, and gave my friend her free drink. I bought a venti sized, and was given what? Caramel macchiato. Disappointed for sure, and I won't be coming back, mainly cuz I live in Southern California.
4 This Sarbucks is right next to my work so I am here 3-4 times a week (at least!) One thing I really like is their large patio equipped with a misting system.  The majority of the tables are under the roof awning so it's a great place to relax with your coffee and utilize their free WiFi or go old school and read the paper. If your lucky you might even see one of their regulars; a gentleman who sits outside with his toucan on his shoulder! Scared the bejesus out of me first time I walked past him... Inside the baristas are friendly and efficient and have no problem making custom offers. They also regularly have samples of new drinks and/or food items out for customers to sample. There is also adequate seating inside if you can't deal with the heat!
5 This is my - on the way to work - Starbucks and I must say, the staff are always polite, efficient and friendly. My very early mornings at work are always made much more pleasant. I've been to roughly 1 million of the 10 million Starbucks in this nation, and customer service is apparently optional. This store is the exception. Take the extra trip to come here. ( just please do so after 8am so there's no line ) :)
5 Super fast service. It is a little hard to find since the actual Starbucks is hidden by other stores. Friendly customer service and the whole place was clean and not messy at all which is a plus.
1 Don't get coffee here. One staff person isn't clean.    There's a grungy looking bearded guy with Mohawk that works on weekends, saw adjust his underwear from the crack of his a$$ and did not wash his hands. He reached in far, ish was nasty yo. . Also, slow wifi and no outlets.
