3 12  Steps from the car to the door.  11  Or so people seated having coffee and pastries.  10  Peanut butter cookies readily available.  9    Feet separate the counter from the back wall.  8    Varieties of muffins for sale.  7    Employees doing ?  6    Foot tall customer waiting alone for service.  5    Rumblings from my tummy waiting for a snack.  4    Minutes waiting for one of the 7 employees to take my order.  3    Attempts to use the free wifi.  2    Minutes to polish off the zucchini nut muffin which hit the spot.  1    Hot latte that was supposed to be a mocha but was good anyway.  0    Reviews for this location until just now.
4 The soups, sandwiches, baked goodies, and salads are always great!  Comfort food...  Need to try their breakfast menu one day!
4 You can't go wrong with paradise bakery! Sandwiches are tasty, tomato soup is on point and a cookie with some coffee add a nice finishing touch! This location only gets four stars because they always run out of something. "what? no roll for my soup?" "no tomato? you're kidding."
1 I go to Paradise Bakery fairly regularly in Surprise and while it's not perfect, the Chicken Walnut Salad sandwich and the chicken with wild rice soup call my name from time to time and I was taught to always come when I'm called.  I was heading out to the Wigwam today and stopped in at this Paradise Bakery location for a bite.  Lunch starts at 11. I stood right in front of the sandwich station watching a worker still making omelets and purposely said nothing, wondering when or if she would ever look up at me.  I do this from time to time to test the service and this PB failed.   I knew she knew I was there but she made a point not to make eye contact with me until my friend came over from the bakery side after ordering her smoothie to ask me what the hold up was. I then said very loudly that I was still waiting for someone to take my sandwich order. It was 11:15. The omelet worker never did look at me when she asked someone to come over and take my order.  I placed my order for my sandwich and then got my soup. I had to wait for an employee to wander over to the cash register and then realize she didn't have a cash drawer in order to pay. More meadering employees before the cash drawer came.  I didn't get my sandwich until 11:30. I ordered a 1/2 chicken walnut salad sandwich. Nothing special...no changes to it. It took 15 minutes to get it and that would be 30 minutes after changing to lunch. That's unacceptable.   I will skip this location in the future not just because of the slow change-over to lunch on a slow day but because the employees were just indifferent and slow and this is often indicative of a poor management team. I can spend my money at better places.
2 I'm only giving it a 2 star because I absolutely think Paradise bakery is idiotically overpriced. Yes, the food is good but we had a breakfast sandwich and a small salad...no chicken, two drinks and it was almost 18 dollars.  My husband had a mozzarella and tomato sandwich and I had the SW Cesar salad. I really like this salad but again this place is completely over priced for a sandwich shop.  Maybe if they reduced all their items by $1.00 and not run their a/c unit as if they were chilling meat...it maybe a bit more bearable.
4 took my wife there on Sunday. good food. nice cafe, really nice inside and outside. a little pricey but it is better then Starbucks.
4 I stopped by this Paradise Bakery location today and ordered a half sandwich and salad, roasted turkey artichoke and chopped chicken cobb, to go.  When I got home I attacked my salad with the fury of 10,000 screaming Dothraki raiders...  it didn't last long, the salad was delicious.  That's when the horde, that was my hunger, turned its attention to the isolated and vulnerable half sandwich.  The attack was over as quickly as it began.  It came as great surprise that the half sandwich had erected impenetrable stone defenses otherwise known as bread.  Sad day you say?  I think not!  I called the location to voice my complaint, the bread on the sandwich was burnt and rock hard.  By this time the store had closed, but the very sweet manager not only offered me a whole sandwich to replace the concrete half sandwich, but a full refund as well.  I drove back got my sandwich, a refund and a bag of free cookies.  The food at every Paradise Bakery I've been to has been good, but the customer service tonight was incredible.  That to me is what sets any establishment apart from the rest.  The food at any random place could be great but if the service is lacking and unfriendly I will never return.  I will be back.
4 Went here for breakfast. I love this place. I do not have one at home. My friend and I each got a breakfast sandwich. They were super fresh as they were too hot to eat for a few minutes.  I also got 2 cookies and I got tea. I love that they have 3 fresh brewed kinds!
3 Solid, consistent...
4 Love their Broccoli Cheddar Soup and Iced Tea!
4 I usually go to the PB on McDowell and Estrella and I still prefer that location.  The food here is just as good and so is the service.  Just not too fond of the layout.  Great sandwiches, soups and getting a "free" cookie is definitely a plus!
2 I like their soup, but this was my first time having breakfast here. 1. Too expensive. I spent $10 on a Breakfast Croissant and a coffee. 2. I asked for a café latte (double expresso shot, I know the coffee in the US is not very strong, usually). The coffee tasted like milk. It was like colored milk. I asked for an extra shot since I didn't like it. And it still tasted like milk, yuk. So, for me, this was  really bad coffee. I couldn't drink it. It ruined my morning, I love my coffee in the morning so much. 3. The croissant was ok, but for the price it was not memorable.
5 Just another yummy place to stop I noticed that the calorie very from Paradise bakery to Paradise bakery why is this such a calorie change I have the same cookie each time an invite be 200 cal at one place but 400 at another place what is up with Pat in different ingredients I that's  strange but it's still yummy great service great presentation and yummy yummy yummy, i'm never disappointed when I go to the paradise bakery.
2 Food was good but the tempo is at a crawl. The efficiency is low and urgency is nonexistent ...  I think the one on pebble creek is wayyyyy better !
3 Management changed recently and is evident in customer service and customer relations. Portion sizes seem to be shrinking. Not worth the money.  I don't care how good the cookies are!
2 Stupidly slow service, everyone here is just chatting it up and taking their time putting together orders. Prices are reasonable and their organic strawberry lemonade is good. Won't be coming back though.
1 Went there this morning and service was super slow! It took 30 minutes for one breakfast sandwich and the order was wrong.  The manager Barbara seemed like she had NO clue what was going on.
