4 I was introduced to this hidden spot by my new co-workers.  We decided to have a lunch meeting here.  It's located in the Scottsdale Design Center so you have to look for that huge grey building and then you will come upon this quaint spot.  We were greeted by the kind hostess that just so happend to be french.  I love it when places have a touch of authenticity when possible.  The interior is simple yet it has the proper touches of a French style cafe.  One side of the cafe opens into the main hall of the design center so you can people watch as you are waiting for your meal.     I decided to order the Parisian Panini with a side of fruit salad and both of my lunch guests ordered the Turkey Panini with fries for the side.  The wait was fine and once the food came out I basically devoured my panini.  I would say that this is hands down the best panini I have ever had.  My co-workers agreed as they cleaned their plates too!  I will certainly be back for another panini....especially since it's convenient.  Next time I will try one of their mouth-watering desserts.
5 Not a bad thing about this place. Well, maybe the location is a bit lacking  on views but the food, prices and people are amazing! The Panini's (all 7 of them) are crispy, melty cheesy and full of flavor. The salads are fresh and fill you up and the lunch special #1 of a sandwich and a piece of chocolate cake? How can you resist!  We work close by and go here often.
5 I had seen this very unassuming place before in the Scottsdale Airpark and had always been curious about it, so when a co-worker suggested we go here, I jumped on it.  I am in love with this place. It is owned by a couple who transplanted to AZ several years ago, and they opened this place in 2007. The paninis are absolutely magnifique, and the croissants are tender and delicate and baked fresh every morning. I was so impressed with them, that I suggested my work use them for a catering event a couple weeks later. They did a fantastic job...everyone who attended the event wanted to know where the food was from and where they could go to get it.   I really hope to see this place succeed as it is pretty much run by the couple only (he cooks and she takes the orders and serves the food). Don't let the location detract you from visiting here!
4 This place is both adorable AND affordable... I can't (and I won't) believe it's actually located in Scottsdale.   Cookies for $0.40. Fresh salad topped with a giant salmon fillet for $7.40. Paninis galore for $7.80. I know, this all sounds far too reasonable to be true, but it's the real deal.   The Gardener (aka ratatouille panini) was a major hit amongst everyone, and it's meat and dairy-free! Health and French food in the same place? This place just gets more and more unbelievable.   Between the atmosphere, pricing, and food, Cafe Paris seems like it's in a location far from, "somewhere near where I take my car in for maintenance." Cheaper than France, more authentic than Scottsdale, and tastier than anything else I can get for less than eight bucks.
5 J'adore ce petit café!  I've come to Cafe Paris a multitude of times now, and I've come to the realization that it's hard to say no to this place. The space in comfy, the service is friendly, the prices are nominal, and the food is always great.  My favorite thing on their menu is their French onion soup! It's delicious, and definitely some of the best I've had in the valley. You won't find a brown water recipe here...they make it from scratch! It's served with a clear broth that's loaded with soft onions. Traditionally topped with toasted bread and melted cheese, it's a winner in the flavor department.. And by the way, I've ordered it roughly a dozen times by now, and it has always been consistently scrumptious!  Other great menu items (in no particular order) include any panini, the Eiffel Tower, croque-madame, and butter cookies. The paninis all come with a tasty pesto sauce that should please any pesto fan, while the Eiffel Tower is one ginormous club sandwich that will satiate the biggest of appetites. As for the croque-madame, just imagine one of the best grilled cheeses ever, stuffed with ham, and topped with an egg; it's awesome.  I make it a point to go to Cafe Paris several times a month because I know I can get a good meal for fairly cheap. That said, keeping this place all to myself sounds wonderful, but it's time to let the cat out of the bag on this somewhat hidden gem.   Bon Appétit!
5 It's great to have a high quality neighborhood place like this in the area.  I had the goat cheese and basil omelette and a crispy on the outside, soft and buttery on the inside croissant.  Brilliant.
3 09/05/12  Was hoping to make it in for breakfast, but was too late.  The only breakfast items left were almondine shells and a couple of strawberry fruit tarts.  I opted to try a cappuccino and an almond shell, while I waited for my Chef panino ($7.80 for a full order, with side salad) to arrive.  I believe the shells went for 50 or 75 cents each.  It was a very nice way to begin (or end!) a meal.  The panino was very delightful!  Loved the crunchy exterior of the pressed ciabatta, and the combination of thick-cut ham, brie, caramelized onions, and pesto made my mouth (and brain!) very happy!  Eating half of the leftovers a few hours later proved to be almost as good, even without reheating the sandwich in the toaster oven, and I polished the rest of the panino for breakfast the next day.  I recall that the salad dressing (on the side) was nothing to write home about, but I appreciated the added greens to round out the meal.  I docked a star for the cafe's mediocre decor.  I didn't feel like I was in a French cafe.  I can't even recall if the music playing was French.  Additionally, the only other people there, besides the server (also owner?) and cook, was a table of elderly women playing an actual game of mahjong- a Chinese tile game (with many variations possible) played on a table with three or four people, not the computer memory game.  (I wonder- in France, do French people play mahjong in American restaurants?)  Was tickled to see that my receipt tray had the Mona Lisa on it- cute!  Another star docked for having weak coffee.  Yes, great coffee service deserves a full star in my book...  The cappuccino was the worst I'd ever shelled $4 for, and no wonder-- the drip coffee I replaced the caloric cup with tasted almost like water.  I've wanted to come back a few times since, to try breakfast here, but if I can't look forward to a great cup of cafe avec un bon petit dejeuner, then why even bother?  Perhaps it was an off-day for coffee?  I will visit again very soon and see if breakfast is just as fun!
4 Food! Service! Atmosphere!  This is a hidden gem of a place and worth a visit for those tired of the regular recycle of local American food.   The atmosphere is cozy and homely, it feels like stopping by a cherished relative's place for a home cooked meal. There is nothing flashy here and if you are used to valet service, there are other restaurants north of here.   The menu is mostly sandwich type items, but there is a good selection from ham and goat cheese, to salmon and cream cheese creations worth a taste. Deserts here are a delight, and nothing feels over priced.   Unfortunately, the staff is limited so on busy days you may have to wait a little longer for service but I have never had a bad experience and always felt welcomed. I'll be coming back to try more items on the menu for sure. Bon Appétit!
5 Très bien! Cafe Paris is a cozy little eatery across the street from Costco, serving sandwiches, soups, and salads. In addition to French style sandwiches, they offer paninis, and a few items that are Southwest-influenced (e.g., quesadillas).  I ordered a croque monsieur, and tried some of the French onion soup. The croque monsieur was everything I'd imagined this French lunchtime favorite would be. The bread was crispy and toasted, with some Dijon mustard, tender ham, melted Swiss cheese, with some melted cheese on top. The combination of flavors and textures was excellent. The French onion soup was served piping hot, with a generous serving of melted cheese on top. The flavors in the soup had a deep, rich beef flavor melded with some sweet caramelized onion. The side I chose with the sandwich- a "French taboule", was couscous mixed with dried cranberries. Unfortunately the couscous was a bit bland and a little gummy tasting to me.   Service was warm and friendly.   In addition to the indoor seating, there is a small outdoors area with 2 tables if it's nice outside and you want to eat in the sun.   Until next time, à bientôt Cafe Paris!
5 Favorite breakfast in the valley. I am a sucker for the French culture. I don't care for crepes and croissants, but I am a sucker for a great cappuccino and eggs. And when there is a toasted French baguette option, I'm all in. This place is a hidden gem and wouldn't have found it if I wasn't waiting at the stereo system place across the way.  Fast, friendly, tasty. Bonjour!
4 Excellent food and consistently excellent service. I have tried their pan bagnat sandwich (which includes tuna, sliced boiled eggs, bell peppers) and the choice of side.On a day like today,  I sat outside on the patio and ordered  the chicken panini  with french fries and fruit salad. And of course I had to have an Orangina!  Cafe Paris is a charming little cafe and the owners Arnaud and Caroline could not be more kind and welcoming. Next time, I will try the crepes.  Highly recommended!
5 Wow! Authentic home made French bistro fare in the air park. And very convenient if you are painting your house (shared space with paint store). The owner was very friendly. The cookies were extremely good too. Must try it.
5 You just have to come visit!! Delicious and I love it. 2 years strong and the owners are so sweet!
5 I had the goat cheese panini, and it disappeared before I knew what happened! It was phenomenal. The pesto on the panini was very tasty! I also had a cappuccino and an almond tile cookie. The cookie was thin, crispy, and deliciously sweet. I highly recommend this little restaurant.
5 Fantastic food! 1st time here. Great serve with a light and bright atmosphere. I had the Chef Crepe and loved it.
5 Chef crepe was amazing, apple tart was great too.  My wife loved her croque Madame.  So happy we found this place
5 Authentic French cafe...total hidden gem! The ratatouille with goat chews crepe was amazing as was the chocolate desert crepe.
4 I had the Turkey Panini & Garden salad. Great place & like the nice atmosphere. Will definitely try it again
5 We just went here today for a work lunch and it was wonderful! I had a salmon sandwich with cucumbers and dill sauce on sourdough. My coworkers had a panini. The flavor was great and is owned and operated by a French couple. We had a crepe for desert and it was good.
