4 King Wok is a newly opened Chinese food (New York Style) place on Warner and Lindsey.  I first heard of this place by one of my family members who had ordered many items for a party.  The food was good, so I decided to go there myself and see how they handled the individual dishes.    I was expecting and hoping it to be a "sit down" type restaurant however it was another one of those fast food Chinese restaurants.  I was a little bummed (fearing for bum) out about that but I decided to give this place a fair chance.  I order the amazing chicken....and guess what it wasn't really amazing.  It was good, but not amazing :).  My wife had the orange chicken which was very good, I highly recommend it.  Even after keeping the leftovers for the next day, it still tasted very good.    After leaving the place I was happy about it but not too excited.   In summary, it has good food and if you are near to it I would definitely recommend this place for party food and takeout.  I would give this place 3.5 stars....but what the heck Ill give it a chance :)
4 Great foods that satisfied real Chinese.   With the $4.75 lunch special with drink and egg roll. What can you ask for more? It's cheaper than cup of coffee. Great cooker and very friendly restaurant owner.   Tried their lunch twice. Will try their dinner menu later.
3 The restaurant has 6 tables which make it possible for you to eat-in, but this place is definitely more suited towards take out or delivery.  Just don't expect service if you eat-in.  You order at a counter and if you choose to eat-in, you will get your soup in a take out container, eat on paper plates and styrofoam cups, but get your entrees served on platters.  The house special won ton soup was pretty tasty and was loaded with a variety of fresh veggies, as well as chicken, pork, and shrimp pieces.  However, one key ingredient was missing - won tons!  General Tso's chicken was fried and served with broccoli and sufficient sauce.  The Mongolian beef was more Mongolian and less beef.  Overall the food was OK, except for the disappointment of the missing wontons, and I would probably consider this place again for delivery.
5 This is delicious New York Styled Chinese take-out.  The food has excellent flavor and the dishes are inexpensive and loaded with veggies.   My husband and I spent 3 years looking for a New York style Chinese restaurant. We had so many disappointing meals all over the valley.  Then we found this place, in our neighborhood! It was so wonderful.  This is not a place to sit and eat unless you're looking for a fast meal. It's a great take-out place, I can't recommend it highly enough.   The owners are very friendly - go there a few times and they'll remember you.
3 I decided to try King Wok after reading reviews on Yelp... It's also really close to my house.  This place is not that good.  It's just eh.  I thought it lacked flavor that I love in prepared food.  It is inexpensive, which is a plus.  I got eggrolls, almond chicken, and chow mein.  Their sweet and sour sauce was too sweet, the almond chicken sauce tasted like flavorless goo, and the chow mein tasted sweet too.  I really liked the people who worked there and really wanted to love it, especially because it's almost the last business left in that shopping area.    I think I'll have to try something else there... Definitely worth a try though.
4 Were we order out ~ it's from King Work.  They are always fast and fresh.  The food is consistent . . . and the deliever people are friendly . . . plus the cost is very reasonable.  Blessings to them and the good job they do.  : ) KC
4 They have freshly-cooked good food and large portions. We like supporting a friendly family business. Favorites of ours: General Cho's chicken, moo shoo, egg foo young, BBQ ribs. We need to try more dishes, though! Not much in the way of ambience. We'll usually eat in for lunch but get take out in the evenings. Lunch specials are a really good value and opportunity to check this place out for only $5 to $7 including soup or drink.
4 Great value, ordered 3 lunch specials beef broccoli, orange chicked and chicken low mein. Also got an order of wonton soup. Everything tasted great with the exception of the wonton soup. Orange chicken was hands down the favorite lots of solid flavor in that dish.  Overall it wasn't the best Chinese I've ever had but for the price (4.99) of the lunch specials that include rice and a spring roll I will gladly consider myself a regular.
4 This place is baller. Lots of really good Asian food for cheap. What more could you want? Make sure you get the pork fried rice when you get your combo, it makes it that much better. I've had Chinese food all over Arizona, especially in Tucson and this restaurant beats most placed I've been to in Tucson.
4 I love ordering delivery or take out from this place.  Super fast, inexpensive, delicious, and you get a lot of food for what you pay!  This is the only local place I've found to offer honey walnut shrimp, which I fell in love with at a hole-in-the-wall place in SF Chinatown many years ago. It's a large serving, and doesn't reheat well, but OMG its so freakin' good!  The only thing I've tried and didn't like was the chop suey - it just wasn't what I expected.  It had a lot of sauce and not many crunchy vegetables.  It tasted good, it just wasn't what I wanted at the time.  The dining room is small, and I've only seen people sitting down eating in there once (while I was waiting for my take out). I'd recommend trying them out.
1 Horrible service, drove from chandler because we heard this was the best. Picked up our to go order and NO noodles in the chow mein. We called and the said they would deliver the noodle after we told them were we lived they said its too far they are too busy to deal with it and we get a 3 dollar credit. The dish was around 8 dollars and the reason to get chow mein is the noodles. After spending time on the phone the lady said the noodles aren't even that good and "customer don't like" why are they on your menu then?  The way they deal with customers is horrible save your coin.
2 I have been ordering from King Wok for over a year now. The food very good however the service is TERRIBLE. I swear they NEVER get my order right (for take out or delivery). I've given them a year to fix their crappy service so I won't be ordering from them anymore.
5 I love this place for chinese food. I am from the East coast and I was always trying to find a place that even compares to what you get in Boston or New York.This place is as close as you will get and they are so fast with delivery.I always get my food within 30 minutes and it is steaming hot. They are always friendly.I have never had a problem and my order is always correct.. I had given up on chinese food in this area.....and then I found them and so happy that i did. They are as close to New York and Boston as i will get in this area.
4 This is the best "East Coast Style" Chinese food I have found in the area, and believe me, I have tried several. Wonton soup is fantastic. A large feeds 3 people. There's 10 wonton in a large. The sweet and sour pork is amazeballs. My bf tried the beef lo mein. He loved it. Mmmm, can't wait to go back again.
1 Went in for lunch and their child about 8 years old  was sitting in the restaurant doing his home work PICKING HIS NOSE! He's not cooking so ok he is a kid. The mother comes out to take our order.......her apron is filthy! Lacking any personality what so ever she takes our order.  Good thing she forgot to bring us our water i was afraid i would have to get something out of the fountian self serve drink station which was filthy too. We get our food and check yelp reviews everyone raves about the food, it was good i have to say. So we are having our lunch and now the husband, just guessing, is sitting behind the counter reading a newspaper and start hacking luggies yes snot sucking and spit in a sink behind the cash register counter! I wanted to puke! There a few people coming in but all to go orders. I used to go packet soy sauce so i didnt have to touch the raunchy soy sauce .
2 I have ordered here before (General's chicken) and beef and broccoli but tonight we had the worst lo mein and coconut shrimp we ever had.  The lo mein was so bland and the coconut shrimp breading was so thick and untasty. I cannot even identify what type of breading they used.  it actually ruined the sauce - i would have rather ate the sauce alone with a spoon.  We didn't even save the leftovers.  I won't not order from her again but will make note of these two items.  DO NOT ORDER them.
5 I have been looking for a good NY style Chinese place since we moved here. I FOUND IT. This place is so good, the rice is fantastic, the food is very good. I got it to go so I don't care about the service or that there were kids in the dining room doing their homework.... its a family place.... get over it. The prices are great and the portions are great as well.  This is my new spot for takeout.
5 This is a great place to have it delivered or pick it up.  They have some of the best chinese food I have ever eaten.  Don't plan on eating there though, the dinning room is really tiny.  The teriyaki chicken bowl  is my favorite.
1 Let me begin with I ordered seafood in a land locked state.  That may have been the problem from the get go.  Shrimp fried rice made me sick and my company that had the chicken didn't enjoy it either.  We threw our leftovers out.
4 The pork fried rice is worth it by it's self.  Their chicken curry is really good, and I have had a lot of curry in my time. The potstickers are good, the service is good. I can go on and on. Nice to see the small businesses doing good work.
1 Worse Chinese food that I've ever had. Very bland. Definitely not worth trying again.
5 This place has the best orange chicken in AZ! I moved to Glendale 2 years ago and this place is still worth the 100 mile round trip drive, even with gas prices on the rise! I hope they grow big enough to expand to the west side.
1 Food was ok, but delivery service is absolutely horrible. I ordered during the night, and the driver didn't get my address correctly, which caused a 10 min delay when the driver figured out they screwed up. Then, when the driver delivered my food, they had the audacity to tell me that I should have ordered sooner. This is all after they had a terrible attitude over the phone when I placed my order. Now I'm the type of person where when I go out to eat, I normally add 20% gratuity on my bill, even if the service wasn't spectacular. For this, I couldn't even add on a tip because the service was so bad. It was like they had no appreciation for the huge mess up they did, and then blame me that I should have ordered sooner.   If I were an ant, I'd expect better service at an aardvark convention. Not going back, no thanks!
1 Somewhat dirty store; unfriendly staff; flavorless food; red/bloody looking meat; will never go back
1 I've ordered from this place before and I remember it being "not bad".. definitely a lot cheaper than the place closer to the house.    Ordered for delivery - Arrived right around the time-frame they gave me.    Got the fried wontons, sweet & sour chicken, and the broccoli with pork .   Fried wontons were dry/hard, essentially flavourless and just tough to eat.    Sweet and sour chicken (sauce on side).. was basically a bucket of fried chicken chunks with the plain red sauce in a tub of its own.  The chicken itself wasn't terrible, but it wasn't particularly good either.  Most places I've gotten this from serve it with pineapple and vegetable chunks in the sauce.. So this was just a bit bland and boring for me.    The broccoli with pork was OK.. I can't complain really as I didn't have much of it.    The thing that is actually making me write this review was the white rice that came with it... I had a bit of it with the sweet and sour chicken.. no problem.. then when I went to dump a bit more out, I noticed a big long black hair coming out with the rice.  Nice.  Well.. that was all for that meal.    Oh.. I did have a fortune cookie as well.. it said "photographic memory, just don't have film".    Thanks.     So I'd give it 2 stars for delivery time and value.. but the hair thing was pretty gross.. and nothing else was very good.  Sorry.. 1 star.
5 Consistently great service, food, and timely delivery! :)  We have been ordering from King Wok for nearly a year now. So far we are quite pleased!  We also order from other spots, but this mum and pop shop have been the most consistent with the quality of food, delivery, and customer service.  We have recommended this place to our mates, work colleagues, and lived ones. For the most part, they are happy with the service King Wok has provided.
4 Never eat in - have only had take out - so this review is only based on the food.  Have ordered a wide variety of their dishes and this is the best Chinese I've found in the East Valley.     Will definitely be back.
4 I get take out on a frequent basis. I love their sweet sour soup !  Good quality for a reasonable price. The dine-in area is small and dated.  I always call in my order. Never a problem.
5 The only thing wrong with this place is that it's 30 minutes from where I live.  I haven't had Chinese this good, since I left New York.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.  The General Tsao's is the best I've ever had.
3 I am from Seattle and the best Chinese food is found from SF to BC and in between.  This is the 4th Chinese restaurant we have tried since moving here.  we ordered the egg drop soup, tasteless.  Orange chicken,I was hesitant to order that because it is described as hot and spicy.  It was not in the least hot or spicy but it did have very good flavor.  Almond chicken was bland, weird and not sure what was almond about it.  Pork fried rice had no flavor. Shrimp with Chinese vegetables was very good.  I gave it 3 stars because the orange chicken and the shrimp was good and it is the first place that did not end up in the trash can.
5 In town visiting family and got a flyer in the mail. I couldn't believe that the lunch special list was so extensive and only $5.50 a person. Taking into consideration the medium size popcorn at the Gilbert Movie theater was $6.50 it just didn't make sense. We decieded to take a chance and go eat in the place was bustling with take out orders and so I knew it was not going to disappoint. I had the Kung Pao Chicken with fried rice and my Mother had the Shrimp Lo Mein. I'm from Seattle and was pleasently surprised to see that they used fresh yes fresh not frozen vegtables. There was even cucumber in my dish and you could really taste it. They also had a big screen t.v. playing court shows which provided some good entertainment as well. Hope that others will try this little gem the other place I tried here in town for Chinese was inedible and I don't know why its in buisness other then the guy who owns it everyone seems to love. PRINCIPLES OVER PERSONALITY when it comes to food and King Wok is the overall winner here!
4 Plus: 1. Good value on lunch special 2. variety is good 3. hours  Minus: 1. The Chow Mein "situation"  OK these people are seriously so weird. I ordered Chicken Chow Mein. They gave me a lump of sloppy veggies, chicken and a bag of chips. I'm not kidding.  I looked up Chow Mein - Mein means noodles. I asked her for noodles and she said "no that's lo mein or chow fun" what? I think that means the wider wheat or rice noodles? This lady is chinese and she does not know her own language.  I actually liked the food even though they don't know what they're doing as well as they don't know their own menu (what the words mean). And don't tell me that a bag of chips are noodles, technically I guess they could be dried out triangular shapes in a bag made out of noodle materials, but please, Chow Mein everywhere in the world means "fried noodles" usually consisting of noodles, veggies, oil and a meat, stir fried in a pan.  PLUS the soda machine had no bubbles (carbonation) which was eventually working after they told us to wait, then forgot about us. Thanks lady.  Also in between fixing that the woman cooks in the kitchen, answers the phone and changes the pop machine, then back to the kitchen, all without washing her hands, which I really don't care about but some of my friends might freak out at the sight of that.  I'm still giving 4 stars because the food was very good for the value.
3 Open late past 9pm? ? ? Awesome! Cheap prices too.  The food is  acceptable for chinese food. nothing special and the food is ok too.  Its not terrible, food is "freshly cooked by chinese ppl in the back.  Only real special thing is that its open late, very late.  I get off work later than most ppl and by the time i want to pick something up to eat, most places are closed.
5 Used Grub Hub to place a delivery order. Confirmation email said be 50-60 minutes. Right at 45 minute mark driver rang the bell. Hot & sour soup was very good, General Tso's chicken cooked properly and not tough. Chicken fried rice was also tasty. Best part was the price,  very competitive if not lower than most in area. Highly recommend.
1 awful..took two hours for delivery after we were told 30 minutes and then food was soggy and tasteless. Please do not go here! Save your money!
2 Awesome and amazing delicious food. Fresh  and everything. HOWEVER, it took 2 hours for us to receive our food. Called at 5:42pm and didn't get it till 7:35pm. We have three kids under 5 who were so hungry... Prob would have been faster going somewhere else... 2 hours is just ridiculous! 1 star for good food... Zero for terrible delivery! And 1 for the apology and kind man who delivered!
5 I just love this place to take out!  Best fried rice ever!  I also like the sweet and sour pork because they give you a big bowl of sauce and don't cover your food with it before hand.  It is my goto spot for take out for sure!  You should check this place out if that have not already.  I ate at this place once but I think I will stick to take out.
2 I'm a big fan of New York style Chinese food, so when I drove past this place, I made an illegal U-turn cuz I was so excited!  It was 11:30am on a Friday when I walked in the door.  There was only 1 person sitting in the dining room and it was a child.  An obnoxious children's show was blaring from the TV in the corner.  That didn't stop me.  I walked up to the counter and ordered Schezwan beef from an aloof woman and took a seat in the corner away from the TV.  I was surprised to find some unidentifiable pink glop smeared on the table to keep me company while I waited for my food.  The couple in the kitchen started yelling at each other, but at least it wasn't as loud as the TV.  After about 15 minutes (not long to wait for lunch, but longer than the only order in an entire restaurant should have taken), the yelling stopped and the woman brought out my food.  She placed it in front of me and returned to the kitchen with a fresh lung full of air to continue her arguement.  The portion size was a little light, but it was prepared like NY style Schezwan should be- in a savory brown sauce (unlike the offensive sweet red BBQ sauce one usually encounters in Arizona).  Despite finding the style of food I was looking for, the flavors were only a little more engaging than the woman behind the counter.  I REALLY wanted to like this place, but despite the food being a fairly good value, the lack of personality both in the food and owners will prevent me from returning.  Maybe if the couple could take a break from their constant bickering, they could spend a few moments to acknowledge their orphaned child or maybe even clean an occasional table.
