3 This was my first authentic Filipino food experience.  The establishment is in a strip mall that looks like any other in the area.  From the look of the "Asian Bistro" sign I thought it was going to be like a PF Changs or a Flo's type of place.  However, upon entering, I could see just how wrong I was.  It is a rather large place and very busy on this Wednesday afternoon.  There were probably only 2 or 3 other daring white people there, so I knew this place was legit.  You walk up to the counter to order kind of like Panda Express in the mall.  You pick a 1, 2, or 3 item combo and they put it on your plate with some rice.  From experience I knew that the 3 item combo would be too much for me to eat, but I ordered it anyway because I wanted to try as much as I could.  I was disappointed that there was no sign describing each of the 12 or so dishes that you could choose from.  Well, if there was, it would probably be in a language that I couldn't understand anyway.  Lets just say I was lucky to have come with 2 Filipino coworkers of mine who acted like guides for me.  I resorted to the "point to whatever looks good" method which worked until I pointed to the bopis (lung) and the dinuguan (blood soup).  More on those later though.  Anyway, I picked the adobo, menudo, and some other beef item.  The beef and the chicken items were good, but I just don't like how they are little pieces that are still on the bone.  I find it difficult to eat and messy.  However, they were very tasty.  My 3rd item was by far the best.  I got the menudo which is more like a beef stew.  Had I known the name of it I probably wouldn't have gotten it because all I had known previously is Mexican menudo and that doesn't interest me.  At any rate it was very good and I would get it again.  Now back to the lung and blood soup.  My coworkers ordered those dishes and of course they made me try them.  I am not going to lie and say that they were terrible because they weren't.  It is just the simple fact that I know what it is and it is way out of my comfort zone so it made my stomach a little weazy.  The best part of the meal here was dessert.  One of my favorite Filipino desserts is called "turon".  It is some sort of banana wrapped in a carmelized wrapper.  All I know is that it is amazing.  My coworkers have brought some to me on several occasions but I just had to have a fresh one right out of the oven.  It was amazing.  They have plenty of other authentic Filipino desserts, but I couldn't resist the turon.  The establishment isn't overly fancy; there are 10-15 large and small tables, a few couches and other misc. chairs.  I think the place doubles as a karaoke bar at night from what I heard.  Anyway, the food is authentic and the service is friendly, but in the end I think my belly is to "Americanized" to dine here on a regular basis.
4 Asian bistro...a nice little Filipino cuisine restaurant, filled with many authentic pinoy platters. Their menu is packed with so many different kinds of Filipino delicacies , such as beef steak or lechon.. I come here with my family every time we pass by the metro mall/dunlap area, usually to visit the Manila Market next to it... I can't name all of their food, but most of it is what my mom always cooks: mungo, caldereta, adobo, dinuguan, pancit,  egg rolls, and other homemade dishes..their desserts are also top-notch, such as their HALO-HALO! The smell of the food,the sizzling noise of the pans, and the heart-welcoming people will make you come back for more...
4 I can hardly write my review because I keep getting sticky hands from this adobo.    The only experience I have with Filipino food was adobo from a fair I went to.  I used to have Filipino coworkers who would always TALK about the food, but when potluck time came around, nothing.  Anyway, the place is small and not much space to move around.  The food is in trays and you pick what you want.    I got the 2 picks and knew I wanted adobo, but asked the guy what else is good.  He gave me pancit which looked like lo mein or something.  Then he asked me if I wanted cantaloupe juice.  It took me by surprise when he pointed to this huge vat of orange, icy, slushiness...I stuttered and said "YEAH!!!" I was about to check out when I saw somebody (I guess one of the owners or family or somethin') putting something in a bowl.  I asked what it was and the heck if I can spell what they said, but it turns out it was some kind of tripe in a white gravy with rice.  Then another guy came and got something that looked awesome as well, which was pork snout.  They gave me a sample of the snout and yeah, the relationship was instant.  Pig nose and me are now friends.  So I have here in front of me is pancit, chicken adobo, pork snout and cantaloupe juice.  I haven't had such a great meal in a while.  All this stuff tastes just as good as I imagined it would when my coworkers would torture me with mouth-watering descriptions of the stuff.  The cantaloupe juicy is unbelievable...I mean the juice of something as delectable as cantaloupe has no choice but to be heavenly, and it is.  I cannot see myself going without it for more than a week.  The adobo is tender and juicy.  The pancit is not dry like I thought it would be, and has a great taste.  The pork snout is just amazing...its got a tang to it that I can't really describe, but also can't get enough of.  I can't remember what it all cost me, I didn't care after I sampled the snout.  But I got a lot of change back from a $20, so...unless it was all 1's then its not expensive.  The people inside were all Filipino and friendly enough to a newcomer.  I've always wanted to connect with my other nationality, and good food is always a great way to do so.  I know I'll be back whenever I can.  And from what I can understand the other side of the place is some kind of entertainment area, and I think one of the other reviewers said its a karaoke thing.  Cool.  Don't be afraid of Filipino food, folks.  Its hard to compare it to other cuisines, especially because I'm not well traveled in the culinary world.  But I would immediately recommend it, even to the guy who only trusts hot dogs and fried chicken.
3 When you taste the food it takes you to HEAVEN!  Service is so SLOW it takes you to HELL! cant complain about the food. The best Filipino food this side of town. But as i said all the cooking and serving happens at a snail's pace. If you arrive really hungry, prepare to have ULCERS before they bring in your first order. Their sizzling  beef bulalo is 3 out of 5......only because the steak plate it came in was off the shelf-cold and there was no sizzle at all when they served the dish. the meal was good though so i guess that pretty much offsets the lack of SIZZLE in their so-declared SIZZLING bulalo. Their sizzling fish belly (bangus fish) is EXCELLENT.supposed to be a five but again there was no physical sizzle to what they call Sizzling Bangus Fish. Their sizzling BISTEK (beef slices) with onions were GOOD. Except for the lack of sizzle.....but again the taste covers up for the missing SIZZLE. Their tapsilog (beef and egg combination) and bangsilog (fish and egg combination) is supreme and their banana fritters which they call TURON takes you to unparalleled heights of gastronomic nirvana! They have karaoke which we enjoyed except for the fact that their song selection is so VERY LIMITED.not enough songs. Asian Bistro MUST improve their song selection because their song selection is similar to what a lot of Asians have for HOME USE. There were also some problems with the karaoke system.Sometimes the songs had too slow a tempo....sometimes the tempo was too fast......this so seriously needs to be addressed. Their karaoke is on every wednesday and Friday nights. I wish they would turn it into an every night thing but only AFTER they work on improving and widening their song selection and gets a karaoke jock that actually is musically adept enough to know if the tempo is just about right or if it is way too fast or way too slow. Doesnt take a musical Mozart to be aware of this. It just takes two unclogged healthy ears. Prices are reasonable.the people were friendly....aint surprished cuz i have read that people from the Philippines are a smiling lot and merrily go about their ways........ Even if their karaoke sound system sucks and even if they dont have the actual sizzle to their 'sizzling" food line-up, this doesnt take away the fact that this is still the best tasting Philippine food this side of the valley.
4 This review is based on carryout, so I can't comment (yet) on the service.  After a trip to the oriental market next door, my son and I stopped in here for some carryout.  I've not been to a filipino restaurant since living in Phoenix, so I was VERY excited.  I love filipino food.  It's all I ate for the majority of my young life, so there's also some nostalgia with it.  I did the two item meal thing, which was around $6.  I picked caldereta and pancit.  I thought it'd be best to stick with the basics, just in case it sucked.  The caldereta was almost as good as my mom's, and way better than mine :o)  The pancit was just okay.  The veggies were a bit overcooked and it lacked acid (and I didn't have any lemon in my house).  My son loved the pancit, so it worked out.  The portion was really generous--enough for me, my son, and hubby ate some too.  I will definitely go back to try some other food and bring my husband.  It's a bit of a drive, but worth it.
4 Just an FYI, not sure how long ago but I think pretty recently, this place has new owners. It is now called Halo Halo Kitchen aka H2K.   My mom was born & raised in the Philippines, so she was pretty excited to come here for lunch this past Thursday afternoon.   She quickly got to talking to the guy behind the counter & another customer to see what was good here. She decided on about 7 different items for her, my dad & myself to try. My personal favs were the fried tilapia, chicken adobo (although, my mom's is better!), lumpia, pancit & this fried egg & pork combo that I can't remember the name of. Oh & they also had this dessert which was little round balls on a stick made from what smelled/tasted like doughnut batter. There was a sweet syrup on top with what tasted like coconut on the inside. They were lick your fingers delicious!!   We'll definitely be back :)
3 A solid 3 stars. The Adobo was average, the Pancit was average, the Menudo was average and you guessed it, the Rice was average. They have never had Caldretta the 4-5 times I have been there. Next stop is Chandler in hopes of finding a "go to" Filipino restaurant.
4 Been here a couple of times, and every time it's been a satisfying experience. The tapsilog (one of the "silogs" they serve for breakfast - refer to the pics) is good, as are most of the entrees I've had for lunch or dinner. The storefront says "Filipino American Food", but that doesn't mean it's a fusion restaurant; rather, in addition to Filipino food they also serve some American fast food items such as burgers and corn dogs. Boba tea is available, too, and that goes well with pretty much anything you order there.
3 I go there for the longanisa breakfast from time to time and their BOBA.  The place is good but very pricey.  Service is OK not the best and alderly people like to cut the lines to get their orders in and staff does not say anything.  My wife is filipina and says that the food is good.  I had some food catered through them and they were very expensive.  A 1/2 tray of veggies were $49.00.  Way over priced.
5 Always The BEST!!! As close as you can get to sitting on Fields ave in pee eye. Great wait staff, friendly people. Great food!! Not too pricy and you will get enough to make you smile later. Friday nights can jump after 7 PM and you can sing and drink pseudo red horse beer and dance if you dare!
3 The food was good, The prices was a little steep. 10 little pieces of shanghi lumpia for 8.00 are you kidding me?
5 Love to eat filipino food? Well this is the best place in arizona to go to. Friendly staff, Tfc channel on, they even have a little mini filipino kiosk selling filipino anything. Love this place
5 For starters...I was never a big boba fan or halo halo fan.  This place is amazing!!  I had a Thai Tea Boba, Let me tell you the bomb digg-addy!!!!  LOL .  Besides there normal Filipino dishes it is a must have.  Then I stuffed my face with Dinuguan, a Filipino savory stew mixed with your typically stomach, intestines, ears, heart and snout of a pig,  simmered in a rich, spicy dark gravy of pig blood, garlic, vinegar, and chili.  SARAP!!!!   ( delish is Tagalog)  along with a side of rice and your good to go!!!!!  Next order to come out was a Lechon (roasted pig) along with the sauce.  Just like my mothers cooking.  I was at home..  Dinuguan is not for everyone, as kids we knew it at chocolate meat, because the sauce is curdled blood which turns dark brown to black when cooked.  The sound of it really "Erks" your stomach, but the taste is out of this world!!!   They have many different dishes all you have to do is "point point"    If you love ethnic cultural world dishes you will appreciate this place.
5 This is an unassuming small business that is a little out of the way and hidden in a shopping center but definitely worth visiting.  I found it on yelp and tried it out on a whim when I saw the positive feedback.  My family in the Philippines owns various restaurants in Manila so when I traveled there we ate - a lot.  This it the first restaurant I have found in the Valley where you can get lumpia, pancit, chicken adobo (and various dishes that are more authentic than I tend to eat) and a yummy version of halo halo with ube ice cream.  The people here are very nice, the restaurant was extremely accommodating and clean.   They even stayed open 2 hours later for us when we hosted a karaoke event here.  We loved the boba drinks and for those who were too timid to try the Filipino dishes, they have an American menu (burgers/fries/corndogs).   They have karaoke on Fridays with a great song selection - in English!  Come here for casual and inexpensive eats that are authentic and tasty.
4 Very fresh filipino home cooking, great variety on the menu, the food was delicious!!!  Everytime I visit H2Kitchen, I am always satisfied:)
4 Last week I met my family at H2K for dinner.  I enjoyed the dinuguan and sisig with rice and for dessert I shared a Halo Halo with my mom.  I am alway happy after leaving this place:)  I look forward to the next visit!
5 The short:  This really is as good as it gets when it comes to turo-turo style Filipino food--reasonably priced, tasty, generous, and authentic. The staff was welcoming, friendly, and helpful.  The long: Located in a big shopping center on the southwest corner of 35th Ave. and Dunlap, the place is fairly easy to find (in the northern arm of the center), and there's ample parking. When you walk in, you see a typical turo-turo style eatery. Turo-turo means "point point," and they use the term because the food is set up cafeteria style, all in a steam table, and all you do is point at what you'd like to eat. You can go for a one-, two-. or three-item combo served with two generous scoops of white rice. There's also a short order menu that serves some Filipino classics, including a whole "silog" menu--which is food served with eggs, usually for breakfast--and some simple American fare like burgers  There were some traditional desserts in the pastry case that served the door and about 16 items in the steam table. My boyfriend and I went for broke because I wanted to see how this food compared to the food I grew up with. We tried the pork and chicken adobo (I'd asked only for pork, but the server didn't like that she couldn't fill a whole 12-oz cup with what was left at the end of the night, she so gave us some chicken adobo in consolation), chicken curry, beef mechado (the sauce is similar to cacciatore--tomato based wit bell peppers), beef kabute (beef and mushrooms, similar to beef stroganoff), laing (stewed taro leaves, what I call the collard greens of the Philippines), and dinuguan (pork in pork blood--not for the squeamish!). The owner also asked if we'd like to try the sinigang, which is a tamarind-based fish soup. To drink we had the sago't gulaman and a mango boba. For dessert (although really, the sago't and boba should be considered dessert for those with a normal, not-homesick stomach capacity), we tried the halo-halo special.   To the point--everything tasted great. If you order on a day your body's really craving protein, you risk suffering death by pork at a turo-turo eatery, and Halo-Halo Kitchen does pork so very well--tender and flavorful. The beef dishes were also well cooked. The curry was pretty standard--the sweeter Japanese style, and the chicken legs in it were also wonderfully tender. The only problems were with the chicken adobo where the sauce was wonderful, but the meat was just a bit dry (you'd think that would be a more common problem in a steam table setup, but because most dishes are stews held at lower temps, the meat stays moist). The laing was more sour than I'm used to--not sure if it was their taro leaves (for the most part, out here, you can only find them frozen or dried), too much fermented shrimp paste (adds a salty, pungent, umami flavor in perfect amounts), or maybe too much patis (fish sauce--adds an earthier layer of the same stuff shrimp paste does), or maybe not enough coconut milk and cream. Regardless, it wasn't bad--just not as sweet as I'm used to. What made the best dishes for me, and what makes Filipino food awesome in my mind, is the sauces. Filipino food is served with rice, and the sauce just soaks into that rice and makes that perfect bite last longer. Because of my choices, we basically ended up with two plates of comfort food, and every bite was definitely comforting.   Our beverages were brought to our table after they were made a few minutes after we sat down, and the halo-halo special came as we finished our dinner. The sago't was good, although the boba grew as the night went on, so sucking it through the straw was crazy. The jelly in the sago't was tasty, though. My boyfriend's mango boba was amazing--at one point, I jokingly suggested they'd just taken some frozen mango and pureed it, but once I said it,  I was halfway convinced that they'd actually done that. The halo-halo special was also awesome. Even though it's considered a summer dessert because it's based on shaved ice, I could eat it year around. It was as good as it gets, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream (it might have been jack fruit ice cream), a generous smear of ube, and a chunk of flat at the top, the sweetened condensed milk soaking into the ice, and the usual halo-halo blend at the bottom (red mung beans, jellies, palm fruit, strips of jack fruit and macapuno, etc.). Halo-halo means "mix-mix," and they set the tall plastic cup up with a dome lid and a long-handled plastic spoon so you could churn everything together into homogenized harmony.   The lady at the counter told us the turo-turo menu changes every day, so I'm looking forward to going back and trying their other food, along with all the other food we didn't have room to try. I love a good silog, and I'm sure I could find it here!
5 This review is for their halo halo special. It is absolutely delicious...the ube ice cream on top is wonderful! I like how they give you a big scoop of ube and a good size piece of flan. The young lady at the front gave good customer service and was friendly. I have to try their food next time.
4 Mmmmm! I love me some filipino food, and when I'm missing some good old homemade Filipino food this is the place I turn to... Maybe because it's one of the only in the valley but it's food is pretty good and warms the heart.
5 This is the best Filipino Restaurant in Phoenix!  The restaurant is nice and always clean.  The staff there are friendly.  The food is reasonably priced.    They offer a lot of variety each day.  I believe they offer around 15+ entree options and that's not including their silog menu.  My fiance and I usually get a two choice with a boba drink and that usually comes out less than $20.  If we're really hungry we get a halo halo supreme to finish our meal.
4 Only had halo-halo here and it was super yummy. Now I know where to go when I'm craving!
4 You know that part of the movie in Ratatouille where the chef starts crying because the food brings him back to his childhood....that's halo-halo kitchen for me. Living in Phoenix, far away from my mom in Oregon, filipino food is hard to come by. I make the 30 min drive from mesa just to eat here when I start going through withdrawals. I've had pretty much everything they've serve here. The restaurant is clean, people are friendly. It's a typical "turo-turo" restaurant, where the food is prepared cafeteria style but it's all good.
4 Got together with Norm R. for lunch here today & really liked the place!  This is a somewhat stylish mid-sized cafe, nice & clean, with a comfortable seating, delicious food served up in good portions, & low prices!  I ordered a Two Item Combination Plate, & went with Chicken Pochero & Beef Mechado for the main dishes, from a wide selection.  (You can see the labeled serving trays through the counter glass.)  You also get two large balls of white rice, & interesting toppings are available on the table such as fish sauce!  (It's SALTY...  use only drops of it!)  Anything negative?  Yes, a whole gaggle of TVs blabbing away all over the place, so it's "Layo napupunta isang Bituin!" as they say in my old haunt, Olongapo, P.I.  (Poof goes one Star!)     :-|  With that gripe out of the way, I loved the food here, & with so many unusual treats to try you just have to come back to a fun place like this for more...  and then there's their amazing dessert, which of course is the Halo-Halo!     :-))  Two Item Lunch Combo Plate $6.50.  *  Full bar!
3 I had the Chicken Adobo with rice, eggs, and tomato. It was good. Service was a little below average, but not bad. Good place to grab a bite and bounce.
3 I didn't try the food but I was there on a late friday night and watched my friends give their best karaoke renditions to their favorite songs. I'm not brave when it comes to karaoke but I usually sing along. I did like that they had a full bar, $3 domestics and $4 for imports. They had red horse and san miguel. Anywho, there's plenty of space to accommodate large groups and they stay open late friday nights, so, if you're in the mood to sing your heart out and drink red horse or san miguel, this is the place to be. =)
5 Looking for Filipino food? Looking to watch the game? Looking to get some pastries? Or maybe a Filipino beer? They have it all here..  My favorite is getting lechon kawali and monggo soup, together they are an amazing meal.
4 This Filipino Food was very good and I think most people can find something they like here because we tried three different meats and a tofu dish and all were different all were cooked nicely with good developed flavor. Nothing was spicy or aggressively seasoned and nothing tasted Chinese or Thai that I tried to me but everything we tried had a rich developed flavor. Portions are large prices are very low I think our combo plates were about $6.99 each.  This place is VERY CASUAL and is set up sort of like Panda Express. You decide on the kind of plate you want just like at Panda and point to what you want on your plate by looking at the food line or you can order from the pictures on the wall. Next you pay and seat yourself and clean up your tray when you leave.   I picked a combo plate so I could try two things. I picked Coconut Chicken and Tofu with vegetables. Both my picks looked familiar like Chinese or Thai dishes to me but neither of them had the seasonings I thought they'd be but the food was still tasty and good. The Chicken was very moist and had great developed flavor from being slow cooked on the bone but they didn't brown the skin so I found the skin unappetizing and had to remove it. That is my only criticism.  My husband tried the pork adobo and one of the beef dishes. He said both were very tender and tasty and he'd come here again.  This was a fun adventure it was like traveling the world.
5 I really, really liked this place! I tried it for the first time today since my neighboring Filipino restaurant I wanted to try SUCKED! (They didn't have anything and had horrible customer service) I'm glad that happened since it led me to this place. I'm half Filipino and can tell good Filipino food. I tried the pancit, chicken adobo, lumpia, fried pork skin, and halo-halo. All were like my grandmothers cooking and I was pretty impressed! I felt very comfortable in the atmosphere. The young girl at the counter was very helpful with my initial order and so was the younger guy helping me later. I liked that it felt like a family owned and ran kinda place. I will be returning here to try their talapia, panakbit, sinigang, and tocino, this is well worth my 30 min drive to get there.
3 This is a fast food place, not cooked to order. Food is already pre made. I ordered the mungo and pork sinigang. Mungo was a little dry and a tad overcooked but sinigang was real good, just the right sourness. Portions were small but the price was reasonable. Had to order the halo halo and it was really good.
4 This place is awesome and super clean ...I will keep coming back EVERYTHING is sooo good here AND the price won't break your wallet. So go enjoy some good Filipino food!
4 Setting:  I went here 3 times this past week.  Being the last week of school, we had a couple potlucks.  Therefore, nothing says my Filipino culture than bringing some deep fried goodness of egg roll called Lumpia.  They were good enough to bring my wife here for dinner.  Ambiance:  It looks like any other typical Filipino restaurant, but wait...there's a karaoke bar!  Wait, did you say magic mic?  Why yes I did.  They have a full blown karaoke machine they play on Friday nights.  I have not experienced it, but one of the workers say it is definitely a fun night.  Boy, us Filipinos sure love our karaoke!  Open seating with the definite Filipino feel.  After growing up in Southern California, this looks and smells like a Filipino restaurant to me.  Food/Menu:  Lumpia - shanghai style, about 3 inches long, with a good amount of filling.  Crispy, yet not too deep fried.  Very good egg rolls though.  Halo Halo - a Filipino dessert with shaved ice, condensed milk, red bean, canned fruit, ube (sweet purple yam), and ice cream.  They do a decent job.  However, from my perspective, I don't think I have ever had a bad Halo Halo, as most taste the same to me.  Turon - a deep fried plantain banana.  Need I say more?  Okay, well it has a great caramelize coat around it with the crunch biting into a sweet plantain banana.  And BAM!  You got dessert.  Empanada - Tasty snack that will definitely fill you up...for wanting more!  Service:  Seems family owned and they take care of their shop.  No complaints!  Overall:  With the limited amount of Filipino restaurants compared to where I grew up in Southern California.  This place hits home in all the right areas.  Whenever we need to taste our culture, we will be back Halo Halo!
5 Delicious. Was intimidating walking in without knowing what anything was, but the person behind the counter let us try a bunch of different things until we knew what would be good. Then they were so kind, and brought us many new things for free to try.   Very helpful, and completely removed any concerns about the first time being in there. Could not have gone better.
5 Ahhhh Halo-Halo  Im so glad i found you on yelp and your on my way home to sedona.     Ok first off i ordered the lechon kawali- deep fried pork belly,served with mang thomas (whoever that is) all purpose sauce. $8.00 Next i ordered the silog plate served with garlic fried rice and two eggs cooked to order. I ordered the tocino which is pretty damn awesome. $7.00  My wife said might be the best tocino shes eaten. So 5 stars from me and my wife for the tocino.
4 This is as good as it gets when it comes to Filipino Food in Phoenix  Phoenix sadly lacks the ability to produce comfort food such as Filipino food. Finding this place was like finding a gem in a pile of coal. The location isn't ideal but the price and the taste are on point.   This place randomly has events, karaoke &  dancing, so don't be surprised if you stop by to pick up some grub and find yourself watching a transgender performer singing the latest and greatest hits.
3 Food was okay....a bit pricey though for their selection.   Lechon kawali was fresh. roomie ordered French fries ; he said they were stale.  We ordered the shrimp platter and it took over 25 mins to arrive.
4 Since there aren't that many Filipino restaurants in AZ, lets just say that Halo-Halo kitchen is the place to go. Great tasting food at a good price. The portion size is great as well. Highly recommended!
4 Soooooo, when my food finalllllyyyy arrived, it was GOOD. There were other dishes I saw that I wanted to devour but my heart was set on the Longsilog. It was good, same as Manila Sunrise, just got faster service over there because it wasn't as busy.  They also had an American menu for burger, fries, popcorn chicken which worked out since my husband isn't fond of Filipino food. (ruude). lol the price was fair since there aren't a lot of filipino joints in AZ so I don't care if you charge me extra for a extra helping of garlic rice.   They take cash and card, and there's plenty of parking. Oh and if your looking for the place on yelp and you push Get Directions when your coming down Dunlap, it won't tell you if it's on the right or left and you might miss it. It's on the left. :-)
4 I grew up in Cebu this is a great place for Filipino food. I love their adobo and lumpia. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and ok price. I moved from Cali and Filipino food there for the same size and combination is about 2-3 cheaper not sure why its more in AZ???
4 I'm definitely a fan.  We were visitors to Phoenix and came here as a big group last Friday afternoon for a late lunch.  As someone who lives in the Midwest eating in a Filipino Restaurant is always a treat and coming to Halo-Halo Kitchen was definitely a super treat!  It is located in a strip mall but don't be put-off by the location. There's nothing fancy about the place but you can tell the owners take measures to keep the place clean and neat.  They have a karaoke bar like most Filipino restaurants do.  You can order a la carte but probably the best way is the "pick-and-point (turo turo) way" which is typical of most Pinoy restaurants.  That way you get to sample a better variety of foods.  You get a choice of 2 entrees plus rice.  I had the kare-kare( beef in peanut sauce) and coconut chicken, while my wife had lechon kawali and ginataang langka (coconut jackfruit).  The food was just flat-out awesome. No other way to describe it.  Then we had halo-halo for dessert.  Wow! That was so good, too!  Loved it.  Our friends all enjoyed their entrees and we continued to talk about the food that weekend.  We enjoyed our whole visit to Phoenix that weekend but think this was our gustatory highlight of the trip.  We're definitely coming  back when we visit Phoenix again.
1 Food is decent , customer service is terrible. The lady that looks like she's the owner is rude! Poor service .
5 Whenever I crave for Filipino food I always go here ;-) They have the most reasonable price & yummy food in Phoenix.
4 Bet lumpia in Phoenix and an all-around authentic restaurant. Well worth the drive.
5 Easily my favorite Filipino restaurant ever of all-time hands down. Their prices are reasonable for exceptional food and drinks. Has a well stocked bar, plenty of TVs. This a great place for event dinners as well. The staff is very generous and easy to talk to. Most places have pros and cons, this restaurant the exception for having all pros. If you try this place then I'd expect to see a review similar to this.
5 The Lechon here is great always have a ton of delicious Boba flavored and rotating dishes .. Some of the best Filipino food I've ever had...the watermelon boba is probably my favorite thing there and you have to try the cassava cake.
5 If you have never tried Filipino food or in search of a good eat, this is where you need to go. Honestly I was never a fan of Filipino food before I discovered this place but now I am hooked. I recommend any silog combinations or the famous chicken adobo.   They also have a bar which is nice when you want to get a beer in for lunch. Try the Red Horse, it's a Philippine based brewery.
4 I can't really compare this to other filipino food, because I haven't really eaten any.  The extent of my knowledge on filipino food is what I've learned from filipino nurses at the hospital, and Balut is not on my bucket list of things to try....But anytime I get grilled spam with eggs and rice, served on styrofoam plates and TV's showing a filipino beauty pagent you know this food is either going to taste freakin delicious or give you diarrhea for a week.  Luckily for me it was the former.  Great food, and the halo-halo special for dessert shouldn't be passed up.  One day I'll work up the courage to try the food by the checkout counter, but....baby steps.  Don't worry I'll be back.  P.S. They got karaoke is the back.
4 I recently become aware of Halo Halo.  They had my very most favorite dish.  The name has always escaped me.  It has a pork blood base, served with rice.   The first time I had this it was from an in-formal kitchen.  I loved it, it was sole food at its best.   I have had it serval times sence, each time it was different, but just as good and comforting.   There has been times the Filipino server informed me I didn't want that, I would not like it.  This is why, not the pork blood base but the organ meat (offal) and the miscellaneous tidbits or trimmings that was part of it.  It was not made with the best parts, but the leftover parts.  Some times it was a mildly spicy, that is the regional and cooks preference, never hot or more then mildly spicy.  As I had it in the past it had all kinds of notes or tastes, do to all the different bets that went into it.  Sadly, regrettably, and a statement on the narrow minded, American Eaters, in order to serve to "the American" customer (to stay in business), this wonderful dish has been turned into a good but 2 note meal.  They use standard pork, one note, the sauce note 2, rice is the binder the same as FOFO, bread, and other starchy foods.     I pity all those that will not even try anything other then Midwest American washed foods.   You think that the Asian food you eat is real Asian, it is American Asian.   Many Asian restaurants have two menus, one for us, the other for the Asian taste.  That menu is call a head.  Sooooo much better, but not steak and potato's.   I hope that Filipino restaurants will do the same thing, so that people can have the true taste of home and strange people, such as I, can enjoy as well.     ITS NOT THE LOOKS, NOT THE NAME, NOT WHAT GOES IN, BUT THE TASTE.
5 Love the Halo Halo!  Love their food too.   I think we come here at least once a week =)
3 Great food, clean place, but customer service needs improvement. Lady owner has a very unfriendly and condescending attitude.
4 I can't really compare it to anything.  It was my first time trying boba it was tasty. Going to try the halo halo special next time I stop in.
5 You can find me here on Thursdays! I loooove the food here and I come as much as l can :)  The owners treat you like family and they are so sweet. I always order lechon and beef estofado. I cant get enough! It is soooo good! I have had the flan and it is really good too. It is nice and creamy and smooth. The halo halo is really good too! I get the boba with jackfruit and banana sometimes and its always good.
4 I love coming here. They're always upgrading the place, and the food is fantastic. I noticed they even added an American food menu for those who aren't so savvy to Filipino cuisine.  My only issue is that there is no pancit palabok on the menu.  However, if you want tapislog, sinigang, or boba, this is the place.
4 Great Food!    I normally HATE going to Filipino restaurants.  The food is usually  tasteless and/or has been sitting out for hours.  They always pale in comparison to my family's home cooked food.  But THIS PLACE has really GOOD food.  The lechon was full of flavor and crispy, yet juicy.  I also had the whole fried tilapia, which was delicious.  We also tried the kare-kare.  I couldn't believe it was flavorful!  The Halo-Halo Especial was chock full of goodies.  The atmosphere is kinda funny.  I think that the restaurant doubles as a karaoke bar in the evenings.  They had a full bar.  But I don't care, because the food was GOOD!   Can't speak to the panict bihon or pancit lug-lug...will have to try that next time.
5 Halo-Halo is hands down my favorite Filipino restaurant in Arizona!! I have tried many Filipino restaurants and have been disappointed with most. This is not the case when I come here.   If you are new to the food or have been raised on it all your life, you will definitely enjoy your experience here!!   The selection of food is amazing and everything seems to always be fresh. By chance if what you want is not available at the time, they have no problem making it for you.   They also have a large seating area, bakery items and a karaoke night!! Every time I come here I feel welcomed by the friendly staff and people around me. I recommend this place anytime someone ask me for the best Filipino food in Arizona.
4 Found this place by accident as we were driving around, looking for a place to kill time while waiting to pick up our daughter.  As Bay Area Californians who recently relocated to the East Valley, finding a Filipino restaurant can easily be the highlight of our weekend.  We got the Sisilog, Longsilog, and Pancit and were in heaven!  They were all so scrumptious and reminded us of our parents' home cooking.  And the halo halo??  Perfect way to top off the meal and satisfy our craving, especially in the heat.  The girls behind the counter were very sweet and very helpful.  Only complaint and reason I can't give 5 stars:  We were there in the late afternoon and there was a note that said it would be closing for a private event later in the evening.  It seemed to be a celebration for the family who owned the restaurant.  We still had a good 1-2 hours before that time, but they were already setting up, which is fine.  My issue was that as they were setting up, literally around our table, we felt rushed and in the way.  I get that they were busy and excited about their event, but If they needed the space, they should have closed that section off.  They were decorating and rushing around, all around our table, and no one even acknowledged us or said anything to us.  It was only the older man, who I assumed to be the owner who smiled at us and waved to our kids as we were leaving and thanked us for coming in.  Thank goodness for that nice, simple gesture to help smooth things over.
4 food was really yummy for my first time trying various Filipino food. the pork adobo was my favorite because the meat was tender and the sauce had a yummy tang to it. the halo halo special was an amazing dessert and the girl behind the counter helping us out was super sweet.
4 One of the best places for Filipino food in Phoenix.  Cafeteria style, paper plates and plastic silverware.  Definitely cures the craving for home cooked Filipino food.
