4 Family friendly Italian restaurant. Not the cheapest place to eat, but great food. Pizzas are very good, especially calzone. Bright clean decor, always lots of covers, friendly staff. Their takeaway menu is good, just about any combination of pizza toppings to be had, plus a nice selection of pasta dishes and italian bread.
4 Been here a few times and have always left happy. Great stone baked pizza and some fantastic steak dishes.
4 Greeted with "Buona sera signorina", the sound of accordion background music, and an array of ice cream flavours as I walked through the door of La Favorita, I was instantly cheered out of my lethargic state. Not least because the twinkly-eyed waiter called me "young lady" - this kind of complimentary talk earns anyone an instant tip as far as I'm concerned. This eatery is the kind of classic, traditional Italian experience which has to produce at least a smile from visitors, even if you've had the worst day at work ever/been dumped/dropped your favourite ornament/are a generally grumpy individual.  I opted for the Risotto Imperiale, a tasty, well presented, affair, which came with jumbo, juicy prawns and a langoustine with one claw perched on top of a generous portion of rice and champagne sauce. My very critical fellow diner, definitely a pizza enthusiast, went for the Pizza ai due Salami, which after a few minutes of careful munching he announced was "very good", definitely high praise for him, before continuing to devour the rest of his meal, (only offering me a small slither).  La Favorita has a pretty extensive menu, with all the dishes on offer you would expect from an Italian restaurant, so if you've got a craving for decent pasta and pizza somewhere different, where you're not paying over the odds, take a wander away from the centre of town and get down to Leith Walk.
5 The best way to describe this pizzeria is as one of the best-kept secrets of Edinburgh. I mean, apart from the obvious 'delicious!' 'amazing!' 'mouth-watering!' descriptions. Though all of these apply. It's a bit of trek if you're not a Leith-Walk-er (that was bad, I apologise profusely), but it's well worth the trek.   I went there with a friend who'd just moved to Leith and decided that he had to find his local haunts. He'd heard on the very very quiet grapevine that you couldn't really get better than this, so we headed there not knowing what to expect. And, I promise, this restaurant done good by us.   I ordered the special which was a pizza with ricotta and rocket and other perfect ingredients all put together, and my friend ordered the Vesuvio (a mountain of meat, really). The staff were all quick and gracious. The only downside, I'd have to point out, is the lack of beer on tap. I mean, there's one. And it's a good one, but it's a light lager and I'm an ale-girl.   Definitely worth your while, and though you'll spend about 10 quid a person, you'll have enough food for a couple of days.
3 Our B&B down the street rec commended this restaurant to my mum and I shortly upon our arrival. It was conveniently located just up the street and we were tired from the day's train ride, so we gave it a try.  This Italian place has quite an American "chain restaurant" like feel - with it's ridiculously large menu and super modern decor. I ordered a seafood salad of prawns and scallops which was pretty good and satisfying. My mum went with a soup which she felt was OK. What I liked most was the wine, there was a pretty good selection of Italian wines at affordable prices. Pours were steep too! I didn't complain there....  Decent Italian food. Good for large groups and families. But not really my thing.
4 "The best, authentic Italian pizza in Edinburgh" I was told by an authentic Italian at a party. Italian is my favourite cuisine (it's gotten so overdone it's cool again ok? Enough of your sushi and indon-pacific nibbles).  I haven't dined in the restaurant, but made use of their Home Delivery Serice. Their pizza menu is really extensive, and of course you can invent whichever toppings you'd like. There's also a lot of pasta options on the takeout menu too. But for that night my heart was set on pizza.  Thin crust, plentiful toppings, fresh toppings, wood-burning oven tasty. Oh yes, it was good. Very om nom good.  The only downside? It was during that cold snap in December when it wasn't warmer than -10C for a week. Yeah, REALLY cold. And unlike the other chain pizza companies (generic doughy pizza, bleugh) who *do* use thermal bags, it seems like these guys hadn't as the pizza was almost cold when we got it.  I'll give them another chance, as the temps were unusual (the type that make your mascara freeze to your face cold) so it probably won't be that cold again for a while. But if P.H. and the big D can keep their pizzas warm, it'd be great if these guys could do.  Otherwise, it's pizza-lovin good! £10 for a large pizza big enough to share, mmm mmm.
5 Ordered from here again during a Saturday night "I can't be bothered cooking!" slump, and boy am I glad I did.  I felt a bit guilty. Having had a burger for lunch, and at the very start of my new year's health kick (three weeks late...) I was thinking "uh oh, pizza = not good."  But I can understand why an Italian guy I met at a party told me La Favorita is the best Italian pizza in Edinburgh, in his opinion. It's very thin base, but not *too* thin (burnt crisps anyone?! had that elsewhere before), the toppings are plentiful, and there's no excess cheese. And you can taste the freshness as you eat the pizza (mm happy memories). The ingredients are all so fresh, the basil, the tomatoes, the peppers. The combination of the base, the sauce, the toppings, and the cheese is really just right.  As a result, 1/3 of one of their pizzas (14" standard size) left me comfortably full and feeling quite content. Also, DELICIOUS! And not a food baby in sight.  They also very nicely gave us half and half. 14" is too big for one pizza each, but we wanted different toppings (everyone loves a fight over which pizza they order!) So I had Chicken, Pepper, Basil and Cherry Tomato whilst the boy had ham and pineapple. Both were delicious. The chicken was literally in huge chunks, the veg really fresh, the ham wasn't all cubed and small, but came in big strips draped over the top. This is a million miles away from any pizza chains in the city. In fact, it tastes like it's been shipped in fresh from Rome.  This is definitely some of the best pizza I've tasted. At £10 a pop for a pizza, with pasta options, and starters, and some amazing sounding puddings too all for delivery, La Favorita is definitely my favourite!!
4 La Favorita has created a sense of dischord in my household. On one hand, I loved the vegetarian antipasti - a massive pile of vegetables and cheese (the chickpea puree was delicious!) that would overwhelm one person, no matter how hungry they were. I also loved my pizza - thin base, log fired Favorita (smoked salmon, fat juicy capers, caviar and shrimp with a generous squeeze of lemon) - in my cold-addled state, every flavour pierced the fug and excited the senses. It was such a pleasure to eat a pizza that didn't disappoint for a change.   On the other hand, while the boy equally enjoyed the starter, he was less enamoured with his tomato-less De Leone - bresaola, radicchio and rocket was not a winning combination for him. Our debate around La Favorita became quite heated as a result! But we will be back, and next time he'll be testing out a pizza more to his liking.
5 PESCATORA. PESCATORA. PESCATORA.   seriously, if you like seafood, DO IT. i'm going to put this out there and admit that for most of my life, i haven't been a pizza fan. this is perhaps surprising, since i am half italian. la favorita really has changed that. their pescatora (and other!) pizza is just AMAZING. it has no cheese, and melted cheese might be my problem with pizza, but it is just so so amazing. and i like all the other pizza's i have sampled from here too.   both take away and sit in are just as good, depending on your mood! the waiters are fun, friendly, and typically italian ;) highly recommended!
4 Very good friendly engaging service.  Our starters of porcini & ricotta ravioli and grilled scallops & king prawns were excellent.  We had sirloin with marsala sauce and rolled fillets of sole with asparagus.  The only snag was that the steak could have been a bit more flavoursome.  The green salad was a let down - the balsamic dressing was way too gloopy.  All in all I will return... definitely want to try their pizza and more of their pasta.
3 Went here for a family meal in Edinburgh. OK is about as good as I can go - service is friendly but bordering on the cheesy. Main gripe was with the food - it was all a bit bland and overcooked. We went for antipasti and secondi rather than pizza and I suspect that was our error as the pizzas looked excellent. We had two veal milanese that were both thick pieces of veal on the bone breaded and fried - and bland and overcooked. Also a piece of very dry swordfish cooked in similar style (despite a request for very rare) and an underseasoned seafood pasta dish (faggottini)?  Ended up with icecream (chocolate was great) and the five of us were out into the Edinburgh rain 200 quid lighter (we had 2 bottles of the strongly recommended wine).  Was it a bad meal? No not really, but just a bit underwhelming and expensive. Shame - if I go back I'll be sure to order the pizza as that looks great...
5 Excellent service & practically zero waiting time between placing the order and it landing on the table. The Vesuvio is not as hot as it's name would suggest and the secondary waiter station placing is potentially inconvenient but otherwise you'd be hard pressed to find anything wrong here. I look forward to going back and actually managing to try the tempting sounding cheese board.
1 If you want a traditional, Italian style pizza then check out La Favorita.    However, I like my pizza thick, doughy with cheese dripping off the sides so was not at all enamoured with this restaurant.  I thought that it was very expensive considering the sheer lack of topping and the portion sizes of pastas also aren't up to scratch.    Each to their own I guess but give me Papa John's anyday.
5 Pizza in Edinburgh = La Favorita.   Simple as that.   It's authentic Italian pizza mind, so if you're after an americanised slopfest of stodge, well, best go elsewhere. If you want a pizza that's every bit as good as one you'd get in Italy, this is the only place to go.   So often in Edinburgh, authenticity comes at a premium price... not here. Even using a discount card Dominos is more expensive and infinitely more crap.   We no longer order pizza, we order a Favorita. It really is synonymous with pizza in our household.
5 This is theeee place for pizza. There is nowhere better in Scotland, end of. If you don't like their pizza's, well I'm afraid you don't like pizza.  La Favorita's pizzas are made fresh to order in the traditional way, using a real wood fired oven, hand stretched, not too thin, with tasty, fresh toppings and real mozzarella cheese.  One pizza is more than enough to satisfy the hungriest of appetites, but if you dare go for the antipasto platter you'll be blown away with the quality and amount of produce they cram onto the plate.  The staff are friendly and attentive and anywhere that is worth a round trip from Glasgow, just for pizza, is worth 5 stars.
5 La Favorita well deserves the high ratings. I have to admit most of the time we order our La Favorita pizzas home, rather than eat there. Their home delivery service is quite smooth and fast. I love the fact that they include parmesan shavings with your order.  There is a large menu of pizzas to choose from. I still haven't tried most of them, because we love the few ones we've tried so far, and keep ordering them:)  As far as I know, La Favorita is part of the Vittoria Group that operates a few other Italian restaurants in Edinburgh. I've been to Vittoria Leith and Taste of Italy and like them as well.
5 It had been a while since my last visit, but the quality doesn't seem to have diminished in the intervening period. As far as we can see, this remains the best pizz place in the city.  Overall, we said: "La Favorita served us really nicely, and restored our sense of wellbeing in no small measure. Although we haven't sampled from all the leading pizza places in Edinburgh, yet, I'm happy that this place is still serving a quality product, so would be happy to recommend it to anyone looking for top-notch pizza."
4 This might be the best early evening eating spot on Leith Walk when the sun shines. Go there on a warm afternoon and order an Italian draft beer (I think it was Peroni we had) - it's ice cold and quite the most refreshing thing.  The plate of vegetarian antipasti was epic - and delicious - and the pizza (one to share between two was more than enough after our starter) really tasty. We sat outside, in warm sunshine, watching life go by on Leith Walk - we could have been in Italy. Almost.  Really friendly waiters with proper Italian accents who said hello to Fergus and brought him a big bowl of water - much appreciated.
5 Wow where to start?? This has to be the best Italian restaurant in Edinburgh!!   Having been around for so long and located down in Leith Walk it can be easily missed or written off by those not in the know! However for those who like their fresh Italian food this place is a must! It's really tastefully and colourfully decorated and it's bigger than it looks from the front.   The staff are always really friendly in a very Italian way! They all know the menu well and are happy to help you through the fantastic and varied menu (and everything can also be made gluten free!!).. All of the food is so fresh and so makes choosing difficult! If pizza if your thing then this is pizza heaven! The base is sooo good, thin and crispy but with a bit of bite cooked in a woodfired oven! The choice is just right and the toppings are so fresh and plentiful - being a spicey girl I'd recommend the Vesuvio every time! To make things even better they also make their own special recipe gluten free pizzas - which are just to DIE for!! And it wouldn't be a good italian dinner without a nice glass of vino and the drinks menu is fantasic, from classic aperitivos, great range of wines (in full and half bottle sizes) to after dinner liquers they have everything to accompany and compliment a fantastic lunch or dinner!  If you have kids then they will love it and it definately wont break the bank!! At roughly £10 for pizza it's great value for money and for every adult eating from the main menu kids eats for £1... Fantastic value!!!
5 I still think it's some of the best pizza in Edinburgh. Read my previous reviews for reasons on exactly why (the thin base, the plentiful, fresh toppings like whole strips of roasted red pepper).  I'm just adding on here to comment on their delivery service - also 5 stars. I ordered online much earlier in the day, as I was hosting an event and needed pizza delivered but without the faff of calling an hour before.  So I went online, placed an order and could specify exactly what time I wanted it delivered and where. I could also change exact specifics of each pizza in the order (making some gluten free, some not. Other options included less cheese etc. In fact ordering online seems to give you more options than on the phone!)  I then received a text half an hour before the time I specified letting me know it was on its way. And then it arrived exactly when they said it would.  So if you're organising an event, or are just going to be run off your feet / have the memory of a goldfish and want a delivery service you can depend on, La Favorita can add that to their already awesome accolade of things that are awesome about them (read: the PIZZA).
4 mmmm who doesn't love pizza???  i, for one, am a massive fan!!  and on sunday night after a day being rather lazy and sloth like, i could think of only one way to end the weekend right... going for some log fired pizzas from my local pizzeria, la favourita.  i'm one lucky girl that this place is literally less than a ten minute walk from my flat and that my boyfriend was more than happy to agree that we should visit before he dropped me off at my flat.  on arrival we were warmly welcomed and shown to a good sized table for two people.  one thing that i really love about this place is how nice and cheerful everyone who works here is!  i swear, these people don't ever frown, there is always a smile and such a warm welcoming customer experience :)  as we walked through, i got a good glimpse of the restaurant which is huge!!  although i've been here a handful of times before i never realised how big a space they actually have....loads of tables so definitely a good place for a large party of people!  on receiving the menu, i suddenly was overwhelmed with all the choices available!!  not only is there more than a dozen choices for pizza goodness, but they also have a special pizza each day to add to that.  being all about the pizza, we didn't bother with starters and went straight for the mains.  i was trying to decide between three options, one being a calzone, but in the end i went for the Capricciosa changing the ham for salami milano.  i'm a total sucker for pizzas with artichokes on them...yum!!!  the boy went for the Vesuvio to get a spicy kick with his dinner.  we also decided to share a green salad.  beers arrived (innis and gunn for me, i'm a total convert!) and we'd barely had our first sip before the pizzas were placed regally on our table!!  these pizzas were HUGE!!!  and so fresh with a nice crispy but also chewy crust mmmmmm.  the salami made an excellent addition to my pizza and each bite was a combination of fresh mozarella, flavourful tomato sauce,  fresh mushrooms, olives, aritchokes, and salty salami. just pizza heaven!!  the green salad was also super tasty and fresh with a good helping of lettuce, cucumbers, celery, and olives.  it had a tangy balsamic vingrette on it which i couldn't help but dip my pizza crusts in.  judging by our empty plates we were very happy with our meals!  but unfortunately there was no room left for dessert, although they have an awesome selection of gelato that i am looking forward to on another visit!  i also look forward to more delicious pizzas and friendly service!  so glad that la favourita is my loca pizza joint!!! :)
5 The best pizza restaurant and Italian delivery service in Edinburgh can be found here. Always busy for that reason and booking is a must. Calzone Amalfitana for me please! Wash it down with a Peroni or a nice Chianti. Nice for a couple and group visits as we have done on many occaisions. Love it, love it..
5 I can promise you that if I never eat another meal, the memory of the meal I had tonight at La Favorita will keep me satisfied.   We flew from London to Edinburgh today and so many things went wonky. By the time we got to the hotel, it had been almost twelve hours since I had eaten. I was starving. I am also allergic to wheat. This means that finding a restaurant can be tricky. The hotel staff (reviewed elsewhere) was on it. They got us a cab and sent us on our way to this gem.  I never would have gone for Italian food in Scotland on my own because, hey, I'm in Scotland. Let's eat Scottish food. I am so glad I did, though.  Our server, at table ten, was charming, friendly, and helpful. He definitely made the evening a delightful experience.  We started with the vegetarian antipasto, which contained some of my most favorite foods: zucchini, eggplant, hummus, and artichoke hearts. It was fantastic.  For my main course I had the duck risotto. I am not typically a fan of rice-based main courses. But I love duck and all o the other things listed on this item. It was literally the best food that has ever passed these lips. The duck was so tender and juicy and the rice was so full of all the flavors. It is served in a bowl made of parmesan which lends just the right amount of flavor to the rice.   My husband ordered a steak with figs. He enjoyed, though he is a man of few words (hey, only one of us can be chatty!) and had little else to say on the topic.   We wanted dessert, but there was no room.   Seriously, if you're in Edinburgh, eat here!
3 Hmmm I am American and I grew up in the NYC area, so I am fairly confident that I know good Italian food when I taste it.  I am not saying that the food isn't good, but it definitely did not blow me away.  We came here because it was listed as a Top 10 Best Restaurant in Edinburgh, according to The Guardian and I definitely would not rate this in my top 10.  However, with that being said, the service was fantastic.  Our servers were all very friendly and attentive.  The portions here are enormous and we did feel that they mislead us into ordering more food than we needed because we did ask if the starters were big enough to shared and they recommended that we order two.  Both plates were huge and we certainly could have just shared one between the two of us.  Not to mention the entrees were enough for 2-3 people to share.  So come hungry!  Ambiance has a little bit of a corny feel but also reminded me a lot of any Italian spot in suburban New York / New Jersey, in the sense that there was Frank Sinatra playing in the background the entire time and the servers were a little over the top trying to prove their Italian-ness (actual, and not the macho mobster Guido kind we see over here in the States).
3 So I have to say this is based purely on delivery from their Mornignside branch.  Pizza's have in the main been great, there does seem to be an issue with these thin bases - the pizzas almost every time have arrived cold or luke warm. With pizza I always have high expectations of hot umptious cheesy goodness.  Just hasnt hit the mark often enough for me. Side dishes have varied from ok to a disaster. Sent for delivery in boxes not fit for purpose. Not great!
4 Yum! Perhaps not the best pizza out there, but one hell of a fine option if you're in Leith.  The lunch specials are where La Favorita shines on quality and price. £8.95 nets you a main and drink, or £11.95 with a dessert. The pizzas are large enough to satiate a full appetite, or even to be split if you only have the munchies.  The mushrooms on their pizzas are the perfect kind; small and flavorful and a perfect compliment to the pepperoni. With some chili oil you've got proper flavor in abundance!
5 Like many others I love this place.  The food and the service are both excellent.   Their pizza are especially famous.   If you are a pizza lover then this place is a must. Lots of toppings, the usual the unusual they have it all in the best quality possible.  Their pizza dough is always fresh.  Everything you look for in a good pizza, its there.   I am a pasta lover. All I can say is go try it. You won't regret it. Its excellent.  Specially the one with rocket leafs and italian sausage.  Portions are generous too.  The service is excellent.  Always lively and welcoming.  On a few occasions I've actually dined in there on my own without feeling in any way lonely or just wanting to finish whats on my plate and leave. Its more like an experience of enjoying a quiet delicious dinner. Some "my" time.  Maybe my review isn't convincing enough but if you love Italian food and you haven't been to La Favorita...then you are definitely missing out!!!
1 I have such a mixed review about this place, which has nothing to do with the food. I live very close to La Favorita and generally the delivery cars are always parked on my street or around the block. Several times I have been cycling only to have one whiz by me with no regard for myself or any other traffic around. I understand the demand to be efficient and time conscious when offering delivery, but not when it compromises people's safety. I have been cut off twice by two separate delivery drivers and honked at by one who decided to pass me before I had signalled.   One time I was followed so closely by one car trying to get around a line of traffic in the bus lane that I literally could feel the head from the car's engine on my legs. I really don't think waiting an extra 10-20 seconds will make a huge difference and tailgating a cyclist won't solve anything. I cycle up and down Leith walk quite regularly and have seen poor driving in regard to other cars as well. I am can't be a fan of a business who doesn't show respect for traffic and especially cyclists. I would let the occasional mistake slide, but it happens far to often and I certainly made me never want to eat there.
4 Reliably good. Recently refurbished interior and superior service make this a good bet, especially with children or out-of-town visitors. My only qualm is not very big selection for vegetarians. A lot of dishes could be made without meat and then have it as an add-on option. Everything I have tried is excellent so far and the pizzas are the best.
5 This is definitely my favourite pizza place in Scotland!  I miss it so much since moving to Glasgow but visited again recently went through in Edinburgh seeing friends.  It's still as good as I remember - I had the 5 cheese pizza (but with added chicken, my favourite pizza topping) and LOVED it - such a good combo of cheeses, tasty blue, salty pecorino, stringy mozzarella...  I can't remember the others now but it was delish!  I used to always get the Zia Rosa (chicken and peppers with cherry tomatoes but am glad I tried another - they're both fab!)  The wedges were nice too but would have been better if crispy and with a bit more parmesan, I liked the truffle oil though.  I like the decor and the staff are always very friendly and efficient.  They even used to deliver to me in Slateford when I lived there, despite it being completely the other side of town!  :)
5 Their lunch special (before 5) offers a main and drink, a main& starter and drink, a main& starter& dessert and drink, all for slightly increasing prices. The selection has a bit of everything Italian, all their famed pastas and pizzas, at cheaper prices. We went at 4pm for a very late lunch, late enough that people were crossing the street hearing our bellies grumble- I don't know if they were worried we would turn cannibal, or if the rumbling sound was offsetting their deep vacant thoughts. At last, we got a seat and the food was not long in arriving. The Italian server added pepper and cheese, and we dove in.  I had pizza, which was thin and crispy, with fresh veggies, and so large I didn't even eat half. Luckily my companions were more willing to stuff themselves, even after also comsuming an
5 This place has quietly become outstanding for food and service. Went on a very busy Thursday night and though we had to wait to be seated (in spite of having booked), it was worth the 5 minutes wait. Simply fantastic antipasti, pasta, pizza and dessert. Very reasonably priced food, drinks and impeccable service by people who know exactly what they are doing. Great kid's menu too. A must for real, family-style Italian.
4 No matter how hard I try I really struggle to find something wrong with La Favorita. I go to the restaurant - food is great, service amazing, brilliant, vibrant atmosphere; I order on line - delivery always on time, quality of food great. If anyone is looking for a good Italian cuisine, friendly service, decent prices then La Favorita is your choice.
2 Oh, La Fav, La Fav, we are breaking up, and by the looks of things it's definitely not you, it's me.  I just - I just - I'm sorry. I don't get it. I'd love to give this an extra star just for the timely delivery and the polenta chips, which are great, but really, it wouldn't be representative: I have not found the experience as a whole A-OK. My three starses are chirpy. But I am currently sad and doleful. And it looks like this will be the very first two star review, so anybody reading this, please just assume I'm wrong, because I am so in the minority and I want La Fav to do well.  But anyway, I'm writing because it is my habit to do so. Here goes.  I heard such amazing things about La Fav's pizzas. They're the best in Edinburgh! They're astonishing! They're... really not... for me.   And to say that I'd sooner pay the extra couple of quid and get a pizza from a national chain is really upsetting for me, because I'd love to prefer somewhere local and non-chainy and freshly made and all that jazz.  And I tried. Really. I was super unimpressed with the first pizza I had delivered, which was a calzone. When it arrived, sure, it was big, but it was also completely wet and falling apart. It bled juice everywhere, was not all that warm, and was just - well, if *I* don't enjoy a pizza, something is wrong.  Anyway, I figured that that something that was wrong must be me, because the reviews continued to pour in. Hooray for La Fav! We love La Fav! Their pizzas rule pizzaland! So I tried again, a couple of months later. And, well, this one was not bad. It also wasn't all that good. I just felt it lacked flavour. It was - I can't believe I'm saying this about a pizza - boring. Not boring like simple-and-predictable-but-yummy-nonetheless. Just... eh. I paid all that for this? Here's the kicker. I. Didn't. Finish. It. A pizza. Me. ...Tears.  So there's my saga of twin woes. My chronicles of double disappointment. My tale of two pities. Have a great life, La Favorita. I wish you all the best. You will find someone who appreciates you for what you are.
