1 I hate be the first to review a business and not give it props, but I wasn't impressed with Delucia Pizzeria.  When I first moved into the area there wasn't anything not even the Smith's shopping center over there.  When I saw they were putting in a pizzeria I was excited and was anxiously awaiting its opening.  I was disappointed however.  The prices where high and the quality was not what I had hoped for.  I even tried it a second time just to be certain.  It was certainly not my cup of tea.
5 I'm from NY and Delucia's Pizzeria reminds me of NY. You walk in and it smells like an authentic NY pizzeria. It's like my little piece of home here in Vegas. The pizza isn't overly saucy and the cheese isn't gross like some of the chains. The pizzas are made to order fresh when you order. One of my favorite items on the menu are the garlic knots. They are actual KNOTS. Most places give you garlic bread or sticks or even huge roll looking things. Delucia's gives you garlic knots just like NY.
5 When I first walked into this place I felt like I was stepping into a pizza joint "back East." From the darkened interior to the dimly lit menu board, I love the feel of this place.  The people who work here are friendly and I enjoy watching the owner stretch the pizza dough. She's good!  On to the pizza. I love it. Again, it reminds me of a traditional pizzeria from the east coast. The flavors are simple but well done. They use just the right amount of toppings so that the pizza is slightly floppy without having things fall off in your lap. I recommend the meatball pizza. Also, the garlic knots are very, very good. They're always warm, steamy, and slightly chewy.   And believe it or not, the brownies are also good.  I didn't think that the pizza was too expensive. The portions are large but good quality.
4 Attention! North Las Vegas has good pizza, Rhia! (pizzeria)  Couple buddies of mine wanted to eat out in the afternoon after playing the Nintendo Wii the night/morning before.  We decided to go with Delucias Pizzeria.    As soon as I walk in I noticed the smell of brownies. What the heck? I thought this was a Pizza joint not Mrs. Fields!  Anyways, it felt like a homestyle restaurant, and I loved it. We were greeted right away and you can see dough being kneaded, tossed and stretched right thru a glass window. Fresh!  Two big screen TV's with sports on. Bathrooms were clean.  Luckily, they had a gameday special.  Which was the 18" cheese pizza, 20 wings with up to 4 flavors, and a big serving of fries all for $26 bucks.  The wings and fries alone was worth it.  Keep in mind we split it between 3 hungry people and we had leftovers for a 4th person.  As for the pizza, it was BIG with plenty of cheese plus we added pepperoni.  Why the star deduction? The dough was dry. =\. I will be definitely coming back here.
5 I have been there only once and ordered the ham, pineapple, red onion pizza to go. I absolutely loved it and definitely would go back there. The pizzas are a little more expensive than some other places but the quality was really great and the pizza tasted super fresh. Probably the best pizza I have had since a long time. :)
3 Delucia's is decent enough for me to have lunch here on a semi-consistent basis without much complaint.  The biggest factor is convenience, since it is very close to work.  They also have a $6.95 special for two slices of cheese pizza and a salad.    Pizza here is good, but doesn't stand out as anything exceptional.  Pizza is just a bit thicker than what I would call a New York Style, and the crust is thick and crunchy.  The salad is quite a generous portion, enough so that sometimes I'll be eating it until I finish my pizza even though it is brought out first.  You have your greens, onions, tomato, croutons and dressing of your choice.  So with the price point and big salad you get for the $6.95 deal, Delucia's falls short of getting another star because of the service.  There are good days where I can be in and out in 30 minutes.  Other times, it will take 25 minutes for our drinks and salad to be brought out.  Pizza wait time is hit or miss as well, since I've had it come out with the salad or when I was finishing up my salad.  I'd never go out of my way for Delucia's, but if you're in the area and need a decent lunch, this is definitely one of the better options around.
2 With the name, I definitely thought I was in for some good NYC pizza. The only similarity is the size of the slice. The pizza is overpriced and doesn't taste that good. The kids didn't even go back for a second slice.
3 Consider this an FYI update: dDring my past two visits over the past couple weeks, the salad served with the pizza/salad combo has shrunk.  As opposed to getting a large plate of salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gGS9Os0UBBO8BosD3VnwqQ?select=3KRA-B0_j8K1nLB16COlFA), it looks like plate sizes have been downgraded to litlte bowls (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gGS9Os0UBBO8BosD3VnwqQ?select=PJYrZmFJ46mCyUX8_NRNgg).  The value of this lunch combo goes down a bit since the price remains the same, but quality of food is still the same as well.
4 This place us amazing!! Very small but intimate :) all the food is yummy and made when u order it! Everyones really nice and the prices aren't bad either! favorite food: calzones!!!!!!
3 I give it a 3 stars based on the overall experience. The cheese slice, was good. Not great. They promote that they are using "Grande" Cheese. I believe its mixed with something else. The pizza sauce wasn't great, but above average. It was NY style pizza def. Service was great, and I will definitely be going back for 40c wings, on Tuesdays. What brought it down was the Fettuccine Alfredo, I saw the cook, pull out a bag and put it in the microwave. for 10$ (14$ w/chicken) I expected they atleast make it there. I mean u could pre-make it, but wow, alfredo sauce from a bag? very dissappointed. it was bland, and no flavor. The other food that people around me ate, looked good, garlic knots, strombolis etc. So it definitely looks promising for my next visit. till then, it only gets 3 from me.
2 The jury is still out on this place. Was curious about this place so me and the wifey checked it out. A little pricey I thought, but luckily I checked in through yelp and got the free garlic knots with a 20 dollar purchase! Pizza was decent but the garlic knots were bomb! Heard about their 40 cent wing tuesdays so that will my next adventure. Until then 2 stars will do. I will consider my rating once the second visit is complete.
3 Really quite good!  Reasonably priced, lots of selection! The pizza I had delivered was delivered HOT and the ingredients were fresh. LOVE the garlic knots! Sauce isn't the best, but still very good. Will update my review when I try something other than the pizza.
2 I live close to this place, I have lived in my home for about 6 yrs... I have tried DeLucia's a few times...  I was not impressed those prior times, i thought the dough was tough, sauce had no taste...   Well i stopped in there and got the 2 slice special with drink for 5 bucks...  I really liked those 2 slices... It folded nicely, the crust had a nice crunch, sauce was ok, cheese was good,,, I wont order a whole pizza and take it home.. I usually order it have it there then go home...  I think this is the case with this place... Have the pizza in the shop,, tastes much better...I will order pizza from here in the future...I do reccommend this place if you are in the area..  07/30/2013 Got the wings that are on special for 40cents a peice... STAY AWAY,, they sucked so bad...  Not the place to go for wings they still would of sucked at 10cents,,,  I got the  med heat wings ehhhhh they were no better than the hot food deli at the walmart... The other 15 were garlic parm...  LMAO,,, Total fail.. Pizza decent wings PWECK....  You lose a star for the wings,,, SORRY
4 I didn't realize that this pizzeria was New York style only. I'm not a huge fan of thin crust pizza, so I asked if there were any thicker crusted options. The woman taking my order offered to use a larger dough and stretch it out to the smaller size I wanted to achieve a thicker crust... at no extra charge!   The pizza still ended up being thin, but it was really good so I didn't mind. The wait was a little long too. It's probably because we opted to dine-in during the dinner rush on a weekend.   4 stars for excellent service, good pizza, and a chill atmosphere (with ESPN!) I don't spend a lot of time in NLV, but I'll def come in again when I'm over here.
1 Horrible service! Owner us very rude and blamed us for being busy slow with service.
3 Ordered philly cheese steak pizza, and wouldn't suggest it.  They put tomato sauce on it and almost no cheese.  The ceasar salad was really good, the croutons were fresh, salad was fresh and really good quality.  BY FAR THE BEST GARLIC BREAD!  It was amazing!  Fairly expensive though.
5 Hands down my favorite pizza place in Vegas. Their pizza is delicious and typically made to order as I most often take advantage of their "two slices and a drink" special. Hard to beat that value as I am stuffed for under $7. Rare in this city.
1 Horrible staff and they do not honor the specials they mail out !!! Please stay away from this place go to Rocco's in Aliante instead !!
1 Delivery is always late and food comes cold. Manager is also rude when calling to complaint.  Will never order from this place again. "Stay Away"
3 Not nearly as delicious as North Side Nathan's BUT their pizza crust was worth stopping in for. Spaghetti and lasagna portion was normal size and nothing to brag about. The service was friendly but EXTREMELY slow. Do yourself a favor and call it in even if you decide to eat there.
4 I am VERY picky about my pizza. Unlike my wife who can handle Dominos and Pizza Hut, I need a great tasting New York style pie. Delucias fills that greatly. The pizza is awesome and the delivery people are great. BUT, the people on the phone suck. They're usually rude and curt. I'm constantly put on hold for a simple order. But once all that is done I have to give them props for great pizza.
5 Always great pizza, ice cold Shock Top & great, friendly service!
4 Ok so the first time I tried these guys I gave them 2 stars. I don't know why it took me over a year to try them out again but I should of done it earlier! I remember the pizza was just ok.   This time I tried their wings because it was 40 cent wing Tuesday. 60 Wings for 25 bucks is not a bad deal at all. They have some good choices for your sauces. The 6 flavors I got were Spicy Bbq, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Parmesan, Medium Hot, Tangy Carolina, and Honey Barbeque. All were good.   I also had two orders of the garlic knots. Man they are addicting! You cant eat just one! Comes with marinara sauce to dip it in.   They have all other sorts of food items, like chicken fingers, wraps, and calzones just to name a few. Their large menu has all these and more so if you cant make up your mind, just pick something and come back another time to try the other stuff.  These guys have all sorts of specials. If you check in you can get 5 dollars off any 18 inch pizza. They also have a 10 for 20 dollar offer. If you look on their in store to go menu and website, (www.deluciaspizzeria.com) All the daily and weekly specials are on there. My favorites are the 2 slices of pizza and a drink for 5 dollars lunch deal and 40 cent wing Tuesdays.  Service is good. They are a family owned restaurant so you know they are always trying to work hard to earn your business.   Some random info: Hours are Mon thru Thurs 11 am to 9 pm, Fri and Sat 11 am to 10 pm. Closed Sundays. They have a flat screen HD tv so you can watch your favorite sporting event while eating or waiting for your food.  So Delucia's im glad I checked you out again and I will be back for sure!
1 Not impressed! I'm from NY! The first time I ate here I got sick eating the wings, I really think the grease was old and needed to be changed the pizza was ok... I gave them another chance last night and tried the Zeppolies! Disappointed again! They tasted just liked old grease and a waste of money! I tossed em out! Don't know if they went through a management change or what but I used to hear good things about them!
4 We really enjoy the pizza from here.
3 The pizza reminds me of the pizza I would find on the East coast. It tasted good I'm just not a huge fan of pizza crust that is floppy. I also like a little more cheese then they put on my pizza.
1 I had pizza delivered from this place..it was bad and pricey..The pizzas ingredients didn't smell fresh.
4 The pizza was delicious and the staff was friendly. The pizza had that ny feel to it.
2 Me and my buddy went in there for the 2 slice and a salad + drink offer...40 mins. later it came out...We were the only two in the joint...Pizza is OK, owner runs the joint and pizza cook seemed baffled about how to make a pizza...We watched her (we know how to make pizza)..Place has a cute atmosphere, and thats it...Prices are good if they new how to run the joint...  This place could be great if it wasn't run by the owner/waitress lady whom I think I saw sitting down at the video poker machines at Smiths...???
1 I'm from Brooklyn New York. What this place calls pizza makes we want to get on a plane & go back there. To have a good pizza one needs a good sauce,this place ain't got it!  I was making better sauce when I was 10. I'm on my 3rd antacid pill & I ate there over 5 hours ago.  I should have known better,it was the middle of lunch time & the place was empty. I'll stick with Enzo's or Sunset Pizza from now on!
4 I'm very picky about pizza.  Delucias does an amazing job. Offering New York Style Pizza. With a great variety of toppings.  I am a veggie girl, My hubby a meat lover. So our pizza's are usually a wild half n half creation lol LOVE that they offer green olives!  However the quality varies (just like anywhere) Overall it's FABULOUS. We order from there at least 2 times a month and have been customers for 3yrs.  I'd say it's more on the pricey side but man you get what you pay for.  Good Stuff!  And they offer a customer loyalty program.  Each time you order get a stamp on your receipt.  Once you accumulate 10, your next pizza is free!
1 I have never been so disappointed in my life after waiting for 40 minutes , I received my order went home and opened the pizza boxes and BURNT BURNT to a crisp , I called and explained to them that the pizzas are burnt they said to come back and I could get a new one . However I live 10 minuets away and the kids were hungry and couldn't waste any more time to on driving back and waiting another 40 minuets to get pizza , so I told them I wasn't able to come back today then she said she could give me 10% off my next pizza really not coming back NOPE not for a 1.50 off 1 pizza after I sent $40.00 bucks ..  SO DISAPPOINTED
1 The yelp ad says they are closed today, but when I called they were open until 9 tonight. I should have follows yelp's instinct.  I ordered their special one topping pizza, hot wings and fries for $29.99. Thought it was a bargain. Asked for a pepperoni pizza and extra crispy fries.   Picked up the pizza, told them the Yelp ad said they were closed today so they should look into changing it. Got home, the entire bottom of my pizza was burnt. Yuck! My pitbull had a hard time eating the crust. The fries were also soggy. So much for extra crispy.   We will not be returning. Yuck.
