5 Ok, so I found my Doctor totally by freak accident.  Last year, I was in need of some medical attention, and did not have a regular Doctor out here.  I checked with my health insurance company, and found this place.  There are a few main reasons I like it here.  First, they have several different doctors that practice here.  Their a team of sorts.  They also have 2 nurse practitoners that work here as well, that seem to be very qualified.  But, my selling point?  Saturday morning hours!!!  I now find that he convienience of going in to the Drs on a Saturday is wonderful!!  This office is so clean, and so modern!  When I last met with the Nurse practioner, she was willing to electronically send my script to the Pharmacy of my choice!  NICE!  I love this place! I found my new doctors office.
5 This place is awesome. I love all the doctors here. Same day appointments are hard to get if you are a brand new patient but once you are in, they will take you or try at least to get you in the same day. The office is super clean, roomy and very professionally done.   All the doctors and nurses use wireless laptops when they come in to examine you so by the time you walk out the door towards the main receptionist area, your prescription is already printed. The doctors really listen to you and spend time with you to gather information instead of hurrying away. I was really impressed by the Saturday Morning hours too for the doctors! Who does THAT anymore? You can also get your blood testing done right there on site. They have a lab right there.   Internists typically have some kind of specialty that they have spent extra time training for so I asked the receptionists what all the doctors specialized in and she told me it is diabetes. I use them as my Primary Care Physicians though.
5 I have been going here for years.  In that time, I have seen virtually all the doctors and nurse practitioners who have worked there.  Drs. Tokatlian and Mouaikels are top notch.  In addition to being very knowledgeable, they are easy to talk to, never rushed and very thorough.  Moreover, the office seems to put a premium on staying  on schedule as much as possible (long waits are NOT the norm) and making it easy to get in for an appointment.  The walk-ins and Saturday appointments really stand out.  Also, this office has a great network of specialists for referrals.  I highly recommend AIA.
1 this office is the worst experience i have ever had for medical needs. although dr bhardwaja is professional in her approach, don't expect a complete physical checkup when you visit for a yearly physical. blood pressure, temp, heart rate and cursory probing of lungs is done and prostate check is accomplished, but considering i suffered from a chronic intestinal disease for many years, i was surprised that she did not palpate the abdomen area. the staff is very disorganized. had to wait for a month to get a med refill after being called and faxed many times by the pharmacy company. referral for further tests by wife not sent to the specialist for weeks slowing the appointment time. all calls are taken by an automated phone system which takes forever to get through and then, most times end up on voicemail and must wait for a long time for a followup callback. emergencies or any calls after hours are just told to go to hospital. apparently this is a "nine to five" bankers hours business and would prefer not to be bothered after hours. never have we been so discusted with a business as this. am in the process of moving to another group with "live" personnel. beware !
1 This was the worst medical care I have recievied.  The doctor was no responsive and when her nurse did contact me her information regarding my case was completely wrong.  After going to another doctor I found out that they did not run a complete work up on my condition before making a decision.    When I asked to speak with the office manager she would not talk to me to discuss the problems with the practice.
1 And then it all changed...  I think this is my very first review that has been demoted to 1 star after being on the coveted 5 star for a long time.   So, where do I start. After feeling dog sick for a few days, I finally decided to "walk-in" to this place because that's what they do now supposedly. They take walk in patients who are seen by the NP. I signed in at 8:20 and was not called in the back until 10:00am. Then I waited another 35 minutes for the NP to come in and see me. By the time everything was over, it was 11:00am before I walked out of this place.   I asked to talk to Brenda, the office manager and was brushed off twice. Supposedly she is going to call me but would not see me when i was there for two and a half hours! I guess she didn't have the balls to face me at that point. What could she have said really?   The front desk lady did a screw up and let another walk in patient go before me even though he came 10 minutes after I had already signed in. When I pointed that out, she said he came before me and I had to show her the sign in chart. Instead of apologizing, she just kept doing what she was busy doing without acknowledging her mistake.   When the NP did come see me, she missed a couple of key things in my chart that she totally should have asked me about. I was quite appalled. I had to point out a deathly allergy that I have even though it should already be in my chart.   My final analysis: In my opinion, don't go here if your health and time are valuable to you.
1 This practice started off great.  I'd thought I found a perfect doctor.  One who seemed in sync with what I felt and needed.  However over the next couple of years, I noticed a few things go south.  Lab results started to take longer to get back.  1 or 2 days became 3-6.  Medical paperwork went from a no problem attitude and filled out as needed to having to argue for it and details being way off what was discussed.    The last medications I requested had 1 medication at 1/2 the stength and the other 2X the strengths I needed.  These were prescriptions that had been prescibed before.    The doctor in question ended coming across as flakish and obstinant by the time I left the practice.  I don't often do negative reviews like this, but I've rarely had this poor of an experience and I seem to be not alone.  I had the same Doctor as one of the other poor reviews here it seems.
1 My husband has been a patient at this practice for several years with very good results.  We have no complaints with the doctor that he has been seeing but it seems that there is a terrible communication problem with the office staff, particularly the MA. It is almost impossible to talk to someone in the office via the telephone and even tho they offer several services via email, we have found that they apparently ignore those.  He takes several different medications and had all renewed on his last visit.  Because we are retired and on a limited income he has these filled at the pharmacy that is most economical.  The prescriptions were to go to two different pharmacies which the doctor was aware of.  When the MA called them in, she called all in to the same pharmacy which caused a major problem and ended up costing eight times as much for one prescription.  It took three days and several trips to the pharmacy to finally get them filled.  When he was in the office he had a swollen foot and the doctor suggested an xray which he refused at the time.  Due to the swelling not going down in a week, he sent an email to the MA to request a referral for an xray.....five days later she still had not called back so he went to the office.  He did get his referral and went the same day for the xray.  The lab said they would have it read and  have the results back to the doctors office either that day or the following working day.   Those days have passed, the foot is still swollen and another email requesting the results has gone with no response.   Obviously if you have a problem that needs attention anytime in the near future you had better go elsewhere.
4 This place gets a bad rap at times, but honestly they are solid Doctors office. I've been going here for the past 8 years so I've been with them throughout the transition from being appointment only to accepting walk-ups. I agree the dynamics have changed but it's still just as good if not better than other practices in the area. Typically, I make an appointment before I come and YES just like most other doctors' offices your appointment isn't a guarantee that they will timely. Sometimes they are right on time sometimes I've had to wait 30 minutes. Today I went as a walk-in patient and was seen and released within the hour. I would definitely recommend that existing patients take advantage of the walk-in system as opposed to going to urgent care which will cost you more than double. Yes, this place is VERY busy, but I consider it organized chaos and all of their doctors and nurses have been there for years which speaks volumes to the quality of care you will be receiving.  As a bonus, there is a blood lab onsite, so you won't need to go anywhere else for blood work.
1 Beware!!!!! Double dipping on reimbursed copays. Turning this over to the AZ department of insurance.
2 I have been with this practice since last year (my pcp joined them last year).  All was fine until beginning of 2014.  Evidently my docs ma left the practice but when i would call and leave a voicemail I never got a call back and when i would message thru their portal, still no response.  After 1 week of this I called and was told that particular ma left the practice...so I said and.......who would be taking over those messages.  They responded, "Oh, I guess no one has fixed the email or voicemail yet.  (was told ma left several weeks ago).   No, I'm sorry, no, how can I help you....nothing. And my pcp seems to have lost her compassion and bedside manner.   I will be searching for a new doc very soon.   Not satisfied at all.
1 I needed to get a physical done, and hadn't established a physician since moving to Phoenix, AZ - my insurance site suggested Associated Internists.  I called and asked for an appointment for a physical.  The receptionist advised that the doctor I wanted to see wasn't available for new patients for 2 weeks, but their nurse practitioner Despina Laloudakis,  was available the following week.  I took the appointment at 9:00am.  I was asked to come in early to complete paperwork.  I was there at 8:45am, and wasn't called back until 9:45am, and then wasn't seen by the NP until 10:30am!  She apologized, but then rushed through my appointment, being short and rude.  It was the strangest "physical" I'd ever had - no blood work, she didn't examine any part of me that I didn't point out.  I also had caught a cold from my son, since making the appointment and told the nurse and the NP that I didn't make the appointment because I was sick - as I wasn't sick when I made the appointment...3 months later, I received a bill.  Physicals should be covered 100% by my insurance.  I submitted the paperwork that their rude receptionist required to amend my medical record to say that I had requested a physical, and it was denied by the NP that I saw that didn't give me the physical that I asked for.  She stated on the denial that I was seen for a runny nose and congestion, and that if I'd asked for a physical at the time I requested the appointment, I would have been told they do not do physicals for new patients...  Stay away from this place! If I could give negative stars I would.
1 Since posting my review below, the office contacted me in writing stating that they can no longer see me as a patient. As if I would have ever tried to return there! This place is a joke.
