3 Kids eat free on Saturdays and Tuesday evenings. The service is always pleasant. The atmosphere is cozy, cozier than most Denny's.
3 It took really long to get our food which consisted of buffalo chicken wraps, the grilled cheese sandwich and a biscuit with gravy. We went at 12pm on a Saturday, so it was really busy, but it took like 20 minutes to get food.   The food itself was pretty good. I enjoyed my buffalo chicken wrap until I bit into a fatty piece. They didn't give me enough ranch dressing for fries though. I also had the pancake puppies sundae which was very delicious and a bargain at $2.   Overall, Denny's has cheap food, slow service, and okay quality.
2 On our way to Red Rock for some hiking and needed some breakfast. I normally like Denny's but this place was pretty bad. The service was terrible and the food was marginal at best. I had a similar experience to others where the waitress dropped the food off and never came back.
3 I don't expect too much from Denny's. When I went they were understaffed, and I waited at the host stand for 5 or 6 minutes without anyone greeting me. The food was pretty slow, but it was decent for the crazily low price.
4 This review is ONLY for the sole male  server/hostess/cashier that was working the night of 1/14/12 after midnight! ( I don't remember his name)   It was fairly crowded and yet for this one-man army to do all of the above in an expedient manner was nothing short of miraculous!  The food was average (c'mon-you know what you are getting at Dennys).
5 So after we couldn't sleep, and decided that we were hungry at 4am, we chose our local Denny's. When we walked in, Ron pleasantly seated us far from the door as he saw that we were cold. He then brewed a fresh batch of decaf for me after he pleasantly took our drink orders. He is the most polite gentleman and it was definitely nice to have him serve us as we were a bit weary of being the only people eating there this early. However, Ron made us feel at ease and quickly took our food order amidst doing three other jobs: answering the phone, seating more guests, and running food. We both work in restaurants, and we're pleased to see him constantly smiling and hustling, with the most chipper of an attitude. Our milkshake (I know it was 4am but sounded amazing) was brought out super quick by the man himself, soon followed by our food order, exactly how it should have come. Ron refilled our drinks multiple times, as well as every other guest's (more people started showing up). Overall, I wish our restaurant was still hiring, and I could recruit Ron to be part of our team! And by the way, he's a newlywed! Congrats Ron! I have never had such great service in any restaurant!
4 The coffee here is really good. Their prices are very reasonable and you get a good variety of breakfast items for the price. I love the choices I can get on their grand slam.
3 We stopped here for breakfast yesterday.  It's a standard Denny's.  Service was good, my Southwest skillet was good, the coffee was off.  It was strong and bitter.  I like strong but not the bitter.  The location was a Coco's for several years before becoming a Denny's.  Besides being America's diner, I think they are America's senior dining spot.  The music is definitely 60s which I like.  I will be back to Denny's from time to time, but they seem stuck in their rut although they're always trying with new foods and other items.  The place is OK.
5 LOVE this dennys!  Been here 3X in two weeks before leaving a review (wanted to make sure I was spot on) The people working have been the same because ive come in during the weekdays.  Each time they've been extremely busy, had to wait a couple minutes but no biggie.   All the servers are busting their butts off and ive seen one of them with sweat on her forehead. In the 3 times ive been there Ive never seen anyone standing around. its nice to see them constantly cleaning, serving and taking orders.   The 1st visit I ordered their new BYOB (build your own burger) its super easy and they have a list on the table to choose from, circle choices and then hand it to the waiter. makes it super easy and fast. Only 6.99 and lots of options. I got a grilled chicken on wheat with mayo, mustard, ketchup, lettuce and grilled onions, and i added bacon and avocado for $1 each. Got a salad as my side (which wasnt a choice but i asked) The sides are fries, hashbrowns, onion rings, or fruit.    It was at my table less than 10 mins later and simply delicious.  The following visit we came with a coupon (B1G1F), so i got the grand slam breakfast which includes your drink for 8 bucks. So for two people with drinks and tax it was 10 bucks. How can you beat that?! it included 2 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, hashbrowns (or fries), 2 pancakes. So filling and delicious.   By the third visit, the lady knew our name, what we wanted to drink and the sides we usually ask for. Service is speedy, great and friendly. Couldnt ask for more.  Dennys is great, cheap and i cant wait to come back.. especially with more coupons! (sign up for their rewards program online!)  BTW! BRING YOUR ID ON YOUR BIRTHDAY (NO COUPON NEEDED) AND GET A FREE GRAND SLAM BREAKFAST AT ANY LOCATION, ANY TIME! :)
4 haven't had breakfast at a Denny's in quite a long time. I always like Denny's a bit more than IHop, mainly for the hash browns...Denny's are crispier, IHop's are mushy.   Either way you like them, I don't think I've ever had a bad breakfast at Denny's. This location is easy to get to, wasn't all that busy, a little surprising being that it was Sunday morning at 10 am. Service was outstanding though and food was good.
1 Let me preface this by saying that I am a huge fan of Denny's. I eat at Denny's about once a week (can't beat that greasy diner food)! This location is the closest to my house and it used to be my favorite it town. You could say I was one of the regulars. Well, that has all changed!   Apparently the place is "under new management" and the new manager just plain sucks! I am a low-carb eater and one of the reasons I love Denny's is that they will accommodate me (by letting me sub broccoli for hashbrowns / toast / french fries). I have done this for years at Denny's locations all over the country (including this one) with no hassle whatsoever. Well, guess what? The "new manager" no longer allows this -- NOT EVEN WHEN I OFFERED TO PAY AN UPCHARGE TO HAVE A FRESH VEGETABLE INSTEAD OF POTATOES! What?   Second, my regular waitress informed me that the "new manager" will not allow them to bring out water in a big glass and will only allow them to bring out a teeny, tiny, miniscule glass of water -- ONE AT A TIME -- to customers who only order ice water to drink. See my photo of how tiny this glass is, it is absolutely ridiculous! Add that to the already understaffed and overworked servers and you are really making their lives miserable. I drink like a fish, especially when I want water. I felt so bad that our waitress had to keep running back to refill my midget-sized water glass every 3 minutes.   Since this happened, I've been back to Denny's at least 10 times but not this one. I'm not going to set food in this location ever again. I just don't get why some managers are SO shortsighted. You have alienated a long-time customer and believe me, I have told ALL of my friends about this.
5 Really had a great breakfast here.  Maybe the best ever at any Dennys location. I ordered the $4 Value Slam which comes with 2 eggs, 2 bacon & 2 pancakes.  Order came very quickly for a busy Saturday morning and cooked eggs over easy was PERFECT.
4 My brother and I have been going to this Denny's for over six years now. We usually go after 10pm and on Thursdays - Mondays only, because of one man, Ron. Ron is by far the best food server in Las Vegas, and I do mean the best food server of any restaurant I have been to, in arguably the food capital of the world. He is very attentive, responsive, and most importantly caring and kind. Most of the time he is the only front of the house employee, and yet no matter how busy they get, he never loses his composure. He is the greatest, and deserves a ton of credit for his work.
5 Damn good breakfast just the right portion. This location has the best staff and food quality by far.
1 If I go to a Denny's in this area again, it will not be this one, because they don't screw up the food, and the service varies from marginal to completely awful. Today was awful, so I had to post this review. We ordered the veggie skillet with no eggs like we always get, and the waiter decided he wanted to clarify we wanted the "fit fare one" or just the veggie skillet. We asked what the difference was, and he said something about it coming with toast or a biscuit. I said we would take the fit fare one. The waiter brought us the skillet with eggs, and he tried to tell me that I didn't tell him no eggs. Then he came back with just scraping some egg off. We left. I'd sooner have a roach deliver my food than deal with that again.
5 Great food. Ordered nachos, cheese & bacon fries, and sample platter. Fast and friendly service. Clean dining area and restrooms. I live in the area so I will be back.
5 I can't remember the last time I ate at a Denny's.  When I think of going out to breakfast, I want to go to these popular little spots like the Cracked Egg, The Egg and I, or Hash House a gogo.  This particular Sunday I had a lot of running around to do and missed breakfast. I was STARVED.  One of my friends who is a super healthy eater had just texted that he was on a road trip and found a Denny's to aid in his healthy eating. I couldn't imagine what he could get at a Denny's that would be healthy OR delicious.  Boy was I wrong!  In between errands, I spotted the Denny's on Tropicana and decided to give it a try. It was fairly empty so I got seated right away and service was great.  I ordered the Fit Fare omelet with a side of fruit and it was amazing. Everything was cooked perfectly and the fruit was super fresh.  I've had healthy omelets at other breakfast places before and none tasted this good. My tummy was very happy.  In addition to the awesome food, the place is very clean and service was very quick. Perfect spot for a quick and cheap, but awesomely delicious and healthy breakfast at any of the day.
1 Broken booth seat, appetizer served WITH the food, restroom soap dispenser BROKEN, trash over flowing, check brought before even half our food was gone....just some of the issues we had tonight....wont be back....
1 Today was noy the best of day for them. We witnessed the manager being left to serve, take orders, clean tables and sest people. Literally a mutiny.  Our food came out one by one, we were finish with oir soup and our server came out to give us bread for the soup, got our orders wrong amd mixed up. Our server tried to tell us the baja chicken is the same as the baja skillet. It was the most hilarious experience we've had, the kids just laughed.
5 This is one of the nicest Denny's I have ever had the pleasure of sitting in. The scenery is bright and cheery during the day with lots of sunlight pouring in, just what you need in the morning!  The wait staff is friendly and we really enjoyed our french toasts.  I went with the Sticky Bun French Toast, it's a great deal. Why not try this place out you might like it. I think this Denny's is a better than the iHop up the road on Fort Apache.   What an amazing breakfast, for a better price, taste & value.
1 Waited nearly an hour for food. Customer service was horrible. The restaurant was not busy at all. Greeter would pause seating guests to finish a task. Food came out cold and could tell the plates had been sitting in the window for a while. I am very familiar with the restaurant business and this is by far the worst experience I've ever had at Denny's. I would've put 0 stars had that been an option.
