3 Another chain joins the ranks out in Surprise and I have to say this one is pretty good. Ive been to the one in Mesa and it was lackluster. Though now some time has passed and I went ahead and tried the same things I ordered last time. Double Deluxe Butterburger, Dairyland Cheese Curds and a Chocolate Concrete Shake.   The burger was juicy though not really discernible considering the butter angle, but tasty none the less as well as fresh and hot. The cheese curds, well I just wish they were just cheese curds plain, rather than battered and deep fried. The chocolate shake was so thick that the straw was pretty much worthless.. pretty tasty when using a spoon. Advice, drop the fried cheese curds into the chocolate shake and eat that way, better than ranch!!   All in all, kind of boring but pretty solid. Next time Id like to try the fried chicken.. crispy and juicy chicken makes me moist every time!!
4 My first thought:  What a strange mix of a menu!  There's butterburgers (what they're famous for), fried chicken, fish, tuna melts, cheesesteaks, salads....and then their other claim to fame, the frozen custard.  I tried the mushroom swiss burger which was very juicy, and the meat had an interesting texture - moist on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside.  The bun was very buttery.  I tried a little of the chili cheese fries, which were pretty tasty and generous...and also tried some of the cheese curds.  I liked the seasoning on the curds and liked that they used two different cheeses.  They were a ton better than those at A&W in my opinion.  Just a warning though, the burgers are so big and filling, there's not a lot of room left in the tummy for sides.  I was SO full.  The custard is smooth and silky, and I'm afraid to say Culver's may give Ritters a bit of competition.    You can get a quart for $5.99.  Every other quart you buy after that first one only costs you $3 each.  The price is extremely reasonable.  I was interested in the fact that you can get what they call regular sides and premium sides.  Anything from regular fries to sauteed green beans.  I don't think I ever had green beans with a hamburger...  Prices are pretty decent, and the staff seems very friendly and motivated.  I didn't see one person just sitting idly.  We'll see if this place stands the test of time, I hope the best for them.  So far I'm liking this place far better than the M or the box, especially in terms of service.
4 after seeing them building it for months and reading the menu on their national website we were somewhat intrigued.  from appearances it reminded me of a similar place in the peoria/glendale area http://www.freddysfrozencustard.com/  which seems to adopt the chicago theme.  I found similar offerings at Culvers with the thin steak-burger style stacked burgers, which they call butterburgers, as well as frozen custard served ala DQ blizzard style which were similarly called concrete mixers.  I ordered a double mushroom swiss butterburger with cheese curds and a concrete mixer.  I found it interesting that they ask you what condiments you want on every sandwich.  I'm so used to just having the blanks penciled in for me that I was like a dear in headlights.  The food was pretty good, the burger was juicy and satisfying.  the cheese curds were good, I've had better at some bars but not bad for fast food. the custard was good but didn't seem quite on par with some of the other places that offer custard in the area.  all in all, it was a satisfying meal, and I would go back
5 I'd give this place 10 stars if I could! It's such a refreshing change from all the norms. The service is always exceptional, the food is fresh and tasty. There is a huge variety, so everyone is happy. They make their own root beer, which they combine with their custard to make a heavenly root beer float. I'd go here hands down, every time, given the alternatives here in Surprise.
4 Better than you average burger place, and a real blast from the midwest.  If you are in surprise, you have a choice that is off the beaten path now!  Enjoy!  Good burgers, good shakes, fresh fries.  Yeah, it's good for a repeat visit!
5 I'm from the Midwest, so when I heard that Culver's was coming to AZ I got very excited!!! This is a new location located in Surprise, AZ, and I recently had the chance to go inside and check out the new flat screen TVs and nice employees! The shakes and butter burgers are absolutely amazing. I've visited many times through the drive-thru and there is a little bit of a wait to get your food after you've ordered. Don't forget to check out the cheese curds...they are so yummy!
3 Finally got to this stupid place.  God it is far away.  I got a mushroom swiss burger.  It was okay.  I didn't end up finishing it because it was just sort of overly greasy and was making me sick.  Mushrooms can be cooked without being greasy.  I know they can! The fries were a special kind of terrible.  Crinkle-cut fries are some of my favorites but these just had no flavor.  They needed way more salt. My shake was a cookie dough shake.  It was okay but the cookie dough pieces were too large for the straw and they didn't give me a spoon.  So by the time I was done, I had a cup full of cookie dough.  Definitely get something different if I go again. Ultimately I found the menu to be unorganized, the prices to be a tad high, and the drive-thru to be way too slow.  Just not a very good experience for a place that had a parking lot full of people.  Then again, it's not like they have any options in Surprise.
2 Okay, I was super excited about this place when I finally realized what it was while we were in the drive-through.  I wasn't excited however about their complicated menu.  I did the build your own combo thing and I just wanted a single patty cheeseburger with bacon on it.  I got the cheese curds as a side because... well how could I not.  Fried cheese.  After pulling past the pay window we waited for a good 7-10 minutes for our food.  That was irritating.  I like the whole made-to-order thing, but Jack In the Box manages to do it faster.  I gobbled up all my cheese curds within moments.  Ya, they were really good.  There was a mix of white and yellow cheese in there.  The flavor of them was just delicious.  Unfortunately, my burger was all sorts of wrong.  I opened the wrapping to find a ridiculously misshapen double cheeseburger inside.  I wanted one less patty and some bacon.   I guess that was too much to ask.  Anyway, it looked unappetizing based off of the strangely shaped patties and the fact that it was so greasy I couldn't get my hands to grip it without crap falling out the other end.  I probably wouldn't go back unless I was just getting a snack.  The cheese curds are great, but that's about it.
5 OMG!  I had the caramel cashew frozen custard!  I would give up Fenton's black and tan for this. Yes, you heard me right!  The cashews are bit salted so you get that salt and sweet taste.  This past weekend I went to the a place that served frozen custard in Willow Glen and it didn't EVEN come close.      *Chicken cashew salad - grilled to order chicken, sugar snap peas, grape tomatoes, cucumbers, iceberg lettuce and spring greens.  This THE best fast food salad I ever had.  *Fish and chips - It's the BEST fish and chips I every had - even compared to a restaurant!  The batter wasn't thick.  It was light and crispy and not oily.  The fish was soooo juicy and moist.  It wasn't fishy at all.    Tried the Culver's in Phoenix and it wasn't as nearly as good.  I can't wait until I go to back !!!!
3 Thought it would be neat to try this place out. Only lived in the area for a short time, but always seen this place very busy. I had a double burger with jalapenos, chipotle sauce and spicy cheese. They called it the triple hot? Something like that? It wasn't to bad, had a decent taste, and a good kick. Daughter had a regular cheese burger and chili cheese fries. Fries were decent and chili was good. Overall we had a good experience, it's not great but it's good. Since we are near by now, I am pretty sure we will eat here again.
4 Best. Onion. Rings. Ever... EVER!!!   If I ever get put on death row, my last meal will be a hubcap full of Culver's onion rings. They are just absolutely perfect - light, crispy beer-style batter on thick, hearty slices of sweet onion served piping hot and in large doses.   Oh yeah, they have butter burgers too, which are good and greasy, blah blah blah, but the onion rings are to diiiiieee.... which is precisely why I am not allowed near this chain now. My butt is still mad at me for the last batch...
2 Really an ordinary burger , where's the meat on a single? The chili fries were horrible chili paste! The curds were so dry and mostly breading! I have to say I did like the shake so will return for ice cream only! The girl who brought food brought no shakes when I asked her for them she looked like we did not order them then returned with one when I said 2 she had to look on the receipt to be sure I wasn't lying to her! The place was so busy I thought it was going to be good that many people can't be wrong about the burgers can they! What a disappointment I am a big advocate for trying new places but this one does not get my vote!
4 Fantastic food! The custards are great, love the burgers, just tried the "Shaved Prime Rib Sandwich" and loved it! I have only been a handful of times but I really enjoyed it.
1 If you think that this food is great, you need to seriously re-evaluate your burger standards. I was dragged here by my grandmother because she loves this place and my mother, brother and I left with nothing but regret.   The burgers here are awful, my chicken sandwich was nothing special, and the fries are G-ross with a capital G. My mom told my brother and I after the fact that the last time that she visited this place she was running to the toilet immediately afterwards, and my brother had the same results after our dining experience.   My mom got an earful about not saving us from this place. Seriously, save your money, drive to In-N-Out or something, sure this place has menu variety but that's about the only thing it's got going for it. I feel bad for anyone that is deluded enough to give this place 5 stars because you obviously have no idea what a good burger is.
4 This is 4 stars for a fast food place if that's what your looking for. Burgers good, upgraded sides (cheese curds, onion rings) also good.  Frozen custard gets 5 stars, super smooth and creamy - beats Coldstone and most of the yogurt places. What the hey - skip the burger and have ice cream for lunch.
4 Great burger!!!!
5 Fast service.  Friendly staff. Great food ... and thats an understatement!
4 Midwest at it's finest. First Culvers I have seen since leaving Iowa. Always good food.
5 WOW! Two thumbs up! I'm a fan! Tried the mushroom swiss burger, cheese curds & a caramel cement mixer. The burger was amazing. You can tell it was cooked over an open flame. Had that wonderful chargrilled taste. The burgers will come plain so if you want extras like lettuce, mayo, etc I'm guessing you would have to ask. Never had I enjoyed a plain burger so much, it doesn't need all that extra stuff if you ask me. The taste of the beef mushrooms & swiss alone was enough to keep me happy. The cheese curds were out of this world! I could eat a vat of the cheese curds. They are a must have when you go. There is also a huge selection of custards, shakes, pies, cakes and other sweets. Just looking at the selection of mix ins could send you into a diabetic coma.  The restaurant itself was very clean, including the bathrooms and the staff was super freindly. In fact I was asking my husband what he thought a particularly yummy desert was in the freezer as a staff member was walking by. She happily informed me it was a brownie explosion cake.  I would definately go again, in fact I could kick myself for not going sooner. Culvers will be my fast food burger place from now on.
4 Our first time at this establishment was good. The food was excellent and the staff was polite. My daughter and I did enjoy ourselves, and the shake goes home with me..
5 Taste of the mid west! No wonder the heartland is over weight! Lol
3 Long wait, and bland burgers. Decided to check this places out after passing by it 12 dozen times. I was not really impressed with the service, the food, or the atmosphere. The prices were a bit on the high side for a fast food joint as well.
4 They call it a BUTTER burger for a reason..... YUP! It melts in your mouth like butter, lol! The burger was good, but I was torn between the party in my mouth & my terrified arteries crying. This burger is a good splurge. It's on my list of things to eat when I've been really good,,, or really bad, lol!   The location is nice. There are bible verses/quotes all over the walls, which took me a bit by surprise. I'm not saying it's good or bad, I'm just mentioning it because it's not something that usually comes with fast food :)
4 Took our friends from California. They wanted to try a place not in California. I had heard about Culvers.. We ordered and the burgers are excellent. Our friends and my family where both very impressed. Service was very.good. This was a place I would uo against any California hamburger jpint!
1 Ok so I thought I would give the place a try... Got a double Swiss mushroom burger , onion rings and chocolate shake... Well I went thur the drive thru no one there so I thought I would be in and out pretty quick... The wait time wasn't to bad, got my order and preceded to leave, I stuck my hand in the bag and what do ya know..no onion rings...so now I have to inconvenience myself and go in and get  what should have been there in the first place...  So I get to my destination to eat my meal and let's just say I have had a much better burger for the money... I mean no letter, onion, tomato or sauce really???? I payed over $11 dollars for this meal for two hamburger patties and some cheese ???? Really....oh wait there was suppose to be mushrooms on it too but I didn't see much of them either..  The onion rings, standard onion rings you could get at burger king...the shake was good but everything else,well not so good ...   I won't spend that kind f money on fast food drive thru, I will go to Red Robin where they know how to make a real meal...
3 I'm not a fan of culver's food. Everything that I've ever had has been super greasy and not very tasty. If I'm going to have a super greasy burger, I'll pick 5 guys or in&out everytime over these guys. However, the turtle custard desert is to die for. So it's kind of hard to give this place a rating. I'd say 4-5 stars for dessert, 1-2 stars for the food.
2 Based on one slightly unfair visit due to an unruly 3yr old demanding ice cream.   I ordered 'two of those on the picture out the front', meaning the scrumptious looking specimens on the boards before you enter. Unfortunately, the cashier didn't quite know what I meant - my own fault for not being specific I guess......but then what was served-up were two plops of 'frozen' custard (strawberry and chocolate) - there were supposed to be m&m's in both, but we ended up with double in the chocolate - with that much in the pot, it was inedible (nearly broke a tooth), whilst the strawberry version was a tasteless mess. I didn't have time to have a famous burger, and the frozen custard was not really what I was expecting.....  Decor was nice for a chain, sport on the tv was a plus. Maybe next time I'll have more time to sample other stuff, and will change the scoring appropriately.
4 Ive been to Culvers alot. My son loves it and the cheese curds are A-mazing! I always felt like it was a bit pricey for "fast food" until I went to five guys... wow! Id pay the extra money for a butter burger anytime! Culvers is way better than any fast food burger place in Surprise hands down and also better than five guys and half the cost. I will never complain about the prices again. The shakes are good. The burgers and fries are good and as I said before.. cheese curds for the Win! :)
5 What can I say, the burgers are fantabulous, the custards are the bomb!
2 For what I got I've experienced better.   The bacon double had a weird taste, I think it was the bacon. Taste like it just got finished burning in grease. The buns are soft and buttery, but the condiments they put on there taste awful. The ketchup and mayo almost made me throw up.   I love cheese, so their cheese curds are GREAT!   The Rasberry cheesecake milkshake was nothing special. I thought it would have pieces of cheese cake in it, but nope!
3 After 2 ice cream treats for the kids and 1 meal I was out $16 large ones.  Glad we decided just to get desert here.  I can say yes the desert is good, but $16 good, I am still in denial on what I spent on desert.  The burgers are good, yet the larger size fries are not for the win.   I totally agree with Zach L.  Desert here 4-5 stars for a fast food place.  Food is 1-2 stars overall.   Plan to have desert here, what is also great about this location is that I can wash my car for $3 next door. :)
3 I don't mind the ol' Culvers. The food is indeed incredibly greasy and unhealthy so those on a diet should completely avoid it, and for others it should DEFINITELY be a very rare treat. However, it tastes pretty good. I myself would rank it above Five Guys, but below In-N-Out. Fries are okayish, but I'm a big fan of their bacon deluxe burger. The place is clean and has a lot of space inside. Has a very high snowbird factor during the winter months, but then again what place this close to Sun City doesn't? Kid loves the cheese butterburger and the fact that with every kids meal you get a free voucher for a scoop of their custard.  Went here on the weekend. Service reasonably fast at the counter and they bring the meal out to you. However, this particular time, when I went back to the counter to get the free scoop of custard there was nobody serving. I waited there tapping my foot for about 2 mins or longer before the fry chef behind the rear window called to me to check if I was being attended to. I said no and he said someone would be with me shortly. Servers came and went behind the counter. Eventually a gent who I assumed was the manager on duty strode behind the counter and asked if someone was helping me. I said no and he briefly looked exasperated before he took the order (politely). Placed the order, went back to my table to wait. Five mins later, still no custard (usually it's out in a min or two). Same guy is passing by, and goes "Nobody's brought your custard out yet?!" I said no meekly. He goes "AARGH! I'm so sorry about this!" and strides back to the kitchen area. Comes out seconds later with my custard, apologises for the tardiness and gives me a little token for a free scoop that I can use anytime. Nice gesture. This was a one-off and such things happen - the place certainly isn't as shitapple as the McDonalds a couple hundred yards west - but I must admit I was surprised that nobody was stationed permanently behind the counter. They need to vet their teenagers a little better during the hiring process I'm thinking, and not give the order-takers anything else to do except take orders. Anyway, a solid 3 stars.
5 The food you cannot beat. I drive all the way from california and the first thing i get is a culvers burger cause we don't have culvers in california.    I love the burgers, cheese curds, and shakes!!!!
5 Go to Culvers! But don't hold up the line cause I gotta get a deluxe with cheese, The best burgers period
4 I like this place! Try the kids meal even if your a adult like me. you get a burger, drink and side. I think their food is very good and the daily custard specials are excellent. The place is cleaner then most quick places. I think worth a try. From WI I believe and they seen to never go away. Food is made to order but remember still a hamburger joint.
5 I must say Culver's goes above and beyond for customers. That being said I've witnessed customers abuse the teenagers working there. Last time I was there I saw a grown man yelling at a teen girl who was trying to do everything she could to please this customer. He called her names and yelled and was given free food and a scoop of custard.   Shame on you customers who let out your day on these kids working part time jobs busting their butts. I would like to say Tanasia was amazing at being kind, professional, and accommodating. I am just sorry there are jerks who let their day out on these kids.
2 My opinion about Culver's is meh.  Meat for the hamburger was, at least, real meat--but they make it thin.  Everything was fresh but their Butterburger to me was just fair.  I've had alot better for sure. Then I had a 2 scoop cone which is something I never ever do, so you would think I would have been in heaven.  Well, I wasn't.  Not a big fan of their "custard" style fake ice cream made, surely, from a powder. Not much flavor in the vanilla at all, and the cherry chocolate was flavored but the fake ice cream itself is not very good. Would I go back to Culver's ever?  Gawd, I hope not and only in a super starvation pinch would I eat there again.  Not a fan here.
4 We come here solely for their custards.  It's delicious and quite caloric.  Did  I say delicious?  Good service, too.  Very polite staff.  The rest of their food is OK.  Probably more like 3 stars but I generally am not a fan of fast food.
4 So I was grumpy! I had to replace a blown tire on a busy morning at a Discount Tire in Surprise AZ where I live..why wait there when I could go next door to Culver's right? The tire rep told me it was awful and he hasn't been there in two years even though he works right next to it, but I needed to know for myself.      So first, I was welcomed by a lovely girl called Casey; whose last day will be today, and she guided me through the multiple options they had available. I settled on the 6 shrimps and one Atlantic cod, fries and coleslaw! I'll make this easy for everyone with a  1-10 scale okay? Shrimps: 7 Cod: 6 Fries: 8 Coleslaw: 9 Root beer: 8 Tartar sauce: 6 Seafood sauce: 6 Customer Service: 15      While I was finishing up my new experience, I was brought a free vanilla custard and then offered another custard sundae twenty minutes later....amazing place. They changed my grumpy, to giddy with kindness. Kudos!
4 Pretty good restaurant. I think I liked the root beer there the most. Got the sour dough sandwich and added some thousand island on it and it was pretty amazing. A little heavy on the grease though. My friends sandwich was a lot greasier though. Fries are nothing to write home about. Just basic crinkle cut fries and the onion rings were lack luster too. Got myself a pint of the mint oreo frozen custard to take home and try. Overall has a good atmosphere. Good for large crowds and kids and you are able to really make anything unique and to your liking.
