3 Boy it sure looks like DD is trying hard to be a Starbucks or anything but a donut shop.  Sure it's all fancy and cute but the donuts are totally forgotten about.  This store has the typical "order here" and "pick up" there ordering process. But at the end of the counter but the donut case, meaning you get to pay first  then wait in line and then pick out your donuts.     Dude, I just wanted a effen donut.
1 I like a good donut as much as the next person.....and I grew up around Dunkin Donuts, so I was kinda excited that a couple of new stores had popped up in my area this year.  I had heard that they were going to be focusing more on promoting their donuts.....so, I mistakenly assumed this meant a nice selection of donuts. Nope. I have been in 2 different locations and seen the exact same thing.... a miserable selection of donuts, and way too much room devoted to muffins, bagels etc. If I wanted those, I would go to Einstein Bros.  I couldn't believe that even a simple donut like a chocolate frosted, chocolate cake donut isn't offered. Also. no French Crullers....in fact, I had a hard time even finding one donut to get excited about. Whatever I did choose was so unimpressive that I have sworn to never go back. Here's my advice, find the closest QT and have a couple of their donuts. They are AMAZING !!!!! Once you have their donuts, you will never even give Dunkin Donuts another thought. Seriously.
3 I dunno why everyone else thinks its only a 2 star, I drive-in this place a couple times a week and have no problems.  I always end up with a lovely soft Everything bagel and my tall vanilla coffee, which tastes nothing like coffee. Trust me I have a degree in coffee, official coffee slut! I am not faithful to Starbucks. Starbucks is my husband and DD is my sexy pool boy dressed in a tight speedo. Ahem.. I just love vanilla flavored water I guess. mmm just thinking about it. They are like an east coast bakery though...once they're out..they are OUT!  I give it three stars because I'm having an affair with DD...maybe in a few months when things are old I too will give it two stars.  Oh and this location sometimes they have this really cool ice sculpture outside their doors...I think they stopped because the transients were licking it... hmmm...
1 I really hate to do this, and I will be happy to edit my review if somebody from this DD can tell me WHY EVERY time I have gone to the drive-thru, they screw up my order? First the walkie talkie thing was broken so you had to sit there and yell for 5 min to get someone to ask for the order. Then they took half an hour and they never had any donuts early in the morning.  Okay okay I said. They just opened up! Give them a break.  Well guess what. I pay 6 or 7 bucks on Saturdays and Sundays and EVERY time, they give me a freaking egg/cheese english muffin with HAM.  I don't ask for any ham on it.  It is ON the menu without ham. Why, why, whyyyyyy do you put ham on it?  One day I sent it back and all they did was take the damn ham off it.  Yes they did.    Plus all the times I get to work ready to eat and I remember that I shouldn't have left that window without checking.... but there it is. HAM on my freaking sandwich!   I made a complaint online.  Nobody ever got back to me, they don't give a crap.  Only reason I go there now is for the hash brown bites, which are a little bite of heaven!
3 From time to time I crave going to Dunkin Donuts. It's a throw back from when I worked in Boston and would grab coffee and donuts as I made my way from the subway to work on Boylston Street. Ahh the good days, back when you would walk that donut off three times in a day.   Anyway I gave in and stopped and picked up donuts for home today. I already have their brand coffee at home. Though I miss how they could always get me  a double/double (That's 2 sugars 2 creams for you not in the know) coffee order just right and faster than I can.   The layout is a bit funky with the donuts off to your left away from the register on your right, but the staff didn't mind that I stepped over and selected then stepped back and paid. But I can see how during the peak rush this could cause a traffic jam. Anyhow I got my six pack. Laughed at their uniform T-shirt which reads "Friends don't let friends do/drink Starbucks" And thought of the days when I would have been a sucker to buy and wear one of them.   However the selection of donuts  by 10:30 am was bleak, a bit disappointing but not hopeless. As I said I got my six pack of donuts. They were still fresh to the best of my knowledge.   The place looked clean and so did the staff, so I'm content that all is A-OK here.
4 I love Dunkin Donuts iced coffee, but this location OBVIOUSLY doesn't know who I am or they would look a little bit happier to see me each morning.  That's right: I am the MAYOR of this Dunkin Donuts. MAYOR.   Of all the DnD in the valley, for some reason the most unfriendly of peeps work here, but I still love you and your iced coconut coffee goodness. I used to love your eggwhite sandwiches and your hashbrowns and your egg mcmuffins, but I am gluten free vegan now, so I cannot have you. But those things are still terrific.   You are cheap, quick, and easy. Who wouldn't love that?
4 Extremely friendly people here!  I like to get their munchkins.. love those things. But I did learn one thing.. when you ask for assorted flavors, dont.. Unlike 10 years ago when you only had a few flavors for Munchkins, they now have about 6 flavors.  So this time I had to be specific and ask for cinnamon, powdered, glazed, and chocolate.  Delicious!  If you want the fresh donuts, be there early!!  Also Dunkin has killer coffee!!  the best!
4 i like their iced coffee more than starbucks.  the staff at this location were super nice.
2 I placed an order for two, didn't receive a single napkin and also received the wrong flavor of donuts. It was your typical poor fast food experience. I'm not encouraged to return for another visit.
4 Service here isn't spectacular but the coffee is nothing short of amazing. It is delicious and mouthwatering. 99 cents for a medium iced coffee only makes my addiction stronger. Plus you fill out a online survey and you score a donut on your next visit. Which usually puts a smile on the faces of the less fortunate when I hand them one.
1 This Dunkin Donut location is just plain unprofessional and the service is just horrible. No matter how precise i am about my order they always seem to get my order wrong. I love DD but this location is just careless on providing great service to the customers.
3 Super duper nice staff here. Plus no matter how long the line at the drive-thru is, it doesn't take long (it's overwhelming sometimes!) Today I got my usual black coffee in a Christmas cup. Either they're way on top of their game and starting early, or they still have green and red cups left from last year. Either way, it made me realize it's never too early to start my Christmas shopping.  Anyhoo, for some reason, every time I come through here, I never get hot stuff. Coffee is lukewarm -- at best -- and breakfast sandwiches always have an icy cold center. Perhaps staff is so adamant about quick service times that they pull stuff from the oven too soon? Not sure, but I'd rather wait a bit longer for a fresh pot of coffee and hot eggs!
3 I love their blueberry muffins but......... today i ordered a large coffee with cream and sugar but I received  a MEDIUM . That's right my fellow yelper coffee drinkers .  Off to work I had to go before I really noticed. I thought they changed cup sizes at first  TGIF at least
1 what a joke!  just left the drive-through ordered a hazelnut  coffee got hot coffee with cream and sugar ordered old-fashioned doughnut got a plain donut ordered an egg wrap got burnt cheese will not be back ever.  All this after repeating the order for five times.
4 this location was across the street from my hotel so great location.  there wasn't a line for the drive thru so i was helped fast.  will be back.
