4 This new location managed to pop up while I was out of the country (along with what seems like a million other new locations as well; must be a good year for Goodwill), and it's definitely worth the time to peruse. If you're like me, you like thrift store shopping for a variety of things. This specific Goodwill store has the benefit of being in a "nice" area in Ahwatukee, so you're bound to find some newer items as well as stuff that isn't beat all to hell. And don't worry, it's got no shortage of weird tacky crap, either. Just today I managed to pick up a painting of Elvis, as well as a very nice, well-taken-care-of old Minolta camera (and don't get me started on my mug with a mustache printed on it). Their book selection is like somebody stole several shelves of books from Bookman's, it's that good. When you're making your monthly rounds to the thrift stores in the southern valley, make this one a destination. Or don't, I'm cool with that. Just means more awesome crap for me.
4 Every other Saturday, everything is 50% off! I always find great kids clothes here. Today, I got a pair of barely worn tap shoes, a barely worn pink kids leotard, some pink pants and a lovely black market white house blouse with the dry cleaning tag still on - all for $5.50!!!  Now, here's the catch - the line during the crazy saturday sale is llloooonnnnggggg! How long??? Down the hall and into the next room long. How how loonnng? 35 minutes in line long. But if you go with some friends and have fun with it - it's worth the bucks saved!
4 I wasn't sure whether to give this a three or four.  So really, it would be a definate 4  I love going there to find great household items and decor.  I found my entry-way chandelier there for only $25.  All I had to do was paint it..  I found a beautiful, silver-ish, large beveled mirror for $25.  Picture frames are cheap and I would  look there first before going anywhere else.  The clothing is better than I thought it would be.  There was a Dulche and Gabbana purse for almost 60, I passed, but geez it was beautiful The 'better' stuff is just gap, banana republic etc. However, you might find 'better' stuff just looking through the regular stuff.   Every other Sat they have half price day and people stand in line just to get in.  Anyway, worth the trip.  Okay, it is now almost a year later and I will give this place 5 stars.  I've been shopping there over a year and it's difficult to shop elsewhere.  I've gotten things from toys, clothes, furniture,a  leaf blower, jewlery, dinner ware and appliances there.  WOW!  I love my Guess watch, my Kitchenaide Mixer, my brand new 8 x 10 area rug ($30) and my antique, Egyptian necklace.   I also bought my grandson (I know, I don't really look that old) a Pottery Barn area rug in perfect condition.  Seriously, this place, if you really keep going back, has the best stuff.
2 I love Goodwill, a lot. But this one doesn't really make me go all googly-eyed like normal. First, the employees are somewhat rude. Either they're hard to find or not helpful at all. The selection's okay, not too great. It's a smaller Goodwill. There's one instance that put me off for sure, though. I was browsing and ended up purchasing a book that was only $2. I asked the woman behind the counter if I could pay with a roll of nickels, and she said it was quite fine. I did have back-up cash, but I just wanted to rid of my change. First she accused me of being short, which I understand. She doesn't know me, but I tried telling her that it's the type of roll. At that point I realized this was going to be a bigger deal than I had first assumed. Then as I was getting my receipt and on my way, the manager walked over. She gave me a very disgusted look and said, "You can't pay in change. Next time you better not try that, we don't accept that," in a voice colder than the Antarctic. Okay, lady, my bad. Overall I'd choose a different location. Goodwill still has my heart. But I won't return here.
4 This is one of the better Goodwills I have been to.  The donation process is simple.  I have bought some really nice clothes for the kids, books and Halloween costumes.
5 Okay, it is now almost a year later and I will give this place 5 stars.  I've been shopping at this Goodwill over a year and it's difficult to shop elsewhere.  I've gotten things from toys, clothes, furniture,a  leaf blower, jewlery, dinner ware and appliances .  WOW!  I love my Guess watch, my Kitchenaide Mixer, my brand new 8 x 10 area rug ($30) and my antique, Egyptian necklace.   I also bought my grandson (I know, I don't really look that old) a Pottery Barn area rug in perfect condition. And the list goes on..... Seriously, this place, if you really keep going back, has the best stuff.
4 Love Goodwill. This one has great nik-naks for decorating EX CHRISTMAS;) and,more..
3 No, I'm really not fickle or wacko...I gave this store a five star on my previous review because at that time it really had amazing stuff. My husband figured it out:  There are no more, or not as many, foreclosures (which is a great thing) so apparently people aren't giving stuff away because they're kicked out of their home for money reasons.  ANYWAY, the last few months it's been very sparse there.  I asked the people who work there why inventory is down and they said not as many donate anymore.   Hmmmmm...makes perfect sense.   Soooooo....there really isn't the great stuff they had for the last year.  Just an update in case you visit.  Who knows though?  It could be different next month.
4 Well, they have stuff. They used to have a lot more, but this location has been seriously downsizing their inventory latelty. Don't know why. A move perhaps? Anyways. Some good deals - usually only when the workers can't figure out what an item is. Some packaged items are marked higher than you can get in the stores. Tons of old lady detritus (silk plants, garden gnomes etc.). Kudos on fixing the smell of NilOdor in the place. No longer smells toxic.
4 Awesome workers! I have been noticing lately that the workers seem to be in a better mood, or maybe that is just because these are new replacement workers. Hmm..  Don't forget every other Sat. is 50% off and you can always tell what the sale is that day by looking for the colored balloons floating from the signs in the front of the store. No more asking random, cranky strangers if they know what the color is that day, or hunting down the nearest employee. We all forget, come on.  Not sure what store this used to be, but the layout is weird because everything is sectioned off and the mens/kids/linens/women's shoes section is located down a ramp which I was tempted to race my cart down. Eh, I like the quirkiness of this place!
2 I am a thrift store hound and this goodwill sucks. I do frequent it because its in my neighborhood, but if given the chance, I go elsewhere. First of all, I noticed many reviewers complaining of reduced inventory. that is because of the goodwill scandal in the news about how they handle their finances and that the upper management of this supposed charity organization rakes in millions of dollars every year. so many simply will not give their donations to goodwill anymore. second, and I have noticed this at other thrift stores too now that thrifting has become trendy...the prices have skyrocketed. but more so in this store probably because its in ahwatukee and they know the affluent residents will pay the prices. however, I have noticed some ridiculous price tags on used items whereas it was either more than you could buy new at wal mart or ikea or only a dollar or two cheaper than new. I routinely shake my head when I'm in there at the prices they want for junk. the staff here is usually very very rude and cold and unprofessional. however, around Halloween I noticed a lot of new faces that seemed to be friendlier. beware when you buy electronics, they do not test them and they are often broken/don't work. also, around the holidays esp Halloween, they price gauge BIG TIME! they take everyday clothing and put it on their costume racks and double the price...then, because its for Halloween they will not refund or exchange it. I bought a graduation robe and they had it on the Halloween rack for $10! one flimsy piece of material! It was the wrong color and they wouldn't exchange or refund. I found the same robe at savers for 3.99. Finally, I don't like the fact that every time you buy something, they ask you to round up and donate your change from your purchase. So I usually say no because of their high prices and the fact that I already donate by buying things and also donating my belongings there. when I say no, they usually give me a cold look, but its on principle.
