2 We ordered two, 2 entree take out dinners and one Panda Bowl. On one of the meals we were charged an extra dollar for crispy shrimp which was never delivered. The chicken appeared to be mostly pieces of chicken skin and breading and the Mongolian beef was tough and stringy. Most of the meals were overwhelmed with a very dry rice concoction that was supposed to be fried rice. We also never received any soy sauce so we could at least moisten the rice into an edible state. These were very disappointing meals that cost a total of $18.82 that did not include a beverage. It was a waste of money and a waste of time. I would recommend against patronizing the particular Panda Express. Because of our experience here, I probably will not patronize any more Panda Expresses... and let me tell you folks... I am not a very picky guy... but this. place was really a disappointment
3 Granted, this is a chain restaurant and is pretty standard American Chinese fare, it is the best option for Chinese food that we have nearby. I have never had any major complaints, just that the fried items sometimes aren't very hot. I LOVE their noodles and wish I had the recipe.
2 Meh, I've had better is right.  I used to like Panda but now the chow mien has a funny burnt taste to it and unless you eat the orange chicken nothing else is very good here.  I came here the other day because my son loves this place and I wanted to treat it to him...it was this place or McDonald's and that place is much worse.  I can at least have orange chicken and the place is really clean and the service is pretty good.  I don't want to talk bad but I just don't care for this chain any more, so sorry to the franchise owner.
4 Exactly what you would expect from a panda express!
1 Ok so we get here 20 min before closing time and I know it must suck for someone to come right before you close but those business hours are there for a reason. To provide a service the entire time of your posted hours... with that being said this place didn't have everything available to us while here and than when I asked for something on the posted menu at the drive through they tell me it is no longer being served at this location. Needless to say that made me upset but when we asked for the potstickers they said they were out for the night. An item that takes less time to make than the time we spent at the window waiting for them to provide us with our food. Whatever happened to pleasing the customer? It is poorly ran and managed and someone was eating while in the middle of taking my order. I will not be coming here again and telling my friends to avoid this restaraunt for a better one.
3 Its okay
5 I absolutely love this Panda. The food ROCKS.
1 They can never seem to get the entire order in the bag. The food is not bad but the service makes this panda worth avoiding!!!! The employees for the most part act incredibly annoyed, unfriendly and unengaged, which explains why the order is never correct, both from the drive thru as well as inside. Tonight the manager prepared my order inside the store and still managed to forget the sweet and sour sauce (which are necessities for the ragoons and spring rolls)
5 We decided to stop into this location for dinner. We ordered the family deal for $30. We got fried rice and orange chicken. The food was actually very fresh! The service was fast and friendly as well. The establishment was clean, and the workers were very friendly. I'm very happy with this location.
