4 Last evening we joined our neighbors who were celebrating an anniversary. Our group of celebrants were 20.   They decided to hold this get together at the Verrado Grille. This part of the country club in Verrado. It is a very nice looking building with lit palm trees so at night it makes a great statement.   When we arrived we were greeted and shown to the party. As soon as we joined the group a wait person was asking what we wanted to drink. I believe we had three waiting on our group. They were quick and and never let us sit unattended. We spilled out on to the patio with a great view of the golf course. Once we decided it was dinner time we all gathered in the restaurant it self. It is a nice well appointed room with windows designed to allow a expanded view.   Dinner was a choice of three items off of the menu, one steak, one chicken and one fish. I had the chicken. It was fine, nothing spectacular, but fine. Each seemed to enjoy their meal and the restaurant it self.   We were well taken care of with no rushing or lack of service in a nice setting. I would use them for a gathering or just a nice dinner for two.
4 In belated celebration of our friend's birthday (Happy Birthday, Chad!) four of us went to dinner at Verrado Grille. Living out in Estrella in Goodyear, it's so great when you can have such a lovely dining experience close to home.  We chose to sit in the bar, which allowed us to chit-chat with the bartender, Desi, as she prepared our drinks throughout the evening. If you like margaritas, go to Verrado Grille, ask for Desi, and request her "tequila lover's margarita." It's unlike any other margarita I've had, with muddled lime, lemon and orange. It's strong but very good, and she refuses to give you a straw because it's meant to be sipped. Chad opted for a mojito instead, and it was really very good as well. There was so much mint in the mojito, the glass was almost completely green.   To start we shared the spinach and artichoke dip, which was served with yummy chips that had a sweet/spicy seasoning on them.   My entree was the herb-roasted chicken. The two chicken breasts were served with garlic mashed potatoes and green beans, plus an herbed chicken au jus that I didn't touch because the chicken was so flavorful, I never even thought about it. By the way, the chicken they use are all raised without hormones or antibiotics and are fed a vegetarian grain diet.  My friend, Cara, also had the herb-roasted chicken (she had also had it just 2 days before and loved it that much - that's how good it is!). Meanwhile, the men had St. Louis-style barbeque baby back ribs, which came with cole slaw and french fries.   For dessert, the guys shared a cookie-dough cheesecake and Cara and I had the brownie berry parfait. Think brownie sundae but packed with fresh berries. Yum!   We had a great meal, fabulous drinks, and we didn't have to drive for an hour!  And, if you have kids, they offer free babysitting on Thursday nights!
4 I live in Verrado so have dined at the Grille many, many times. First of all, it is a gorgeous location and atmosphere. Whether eating indoors or on the outdoor patio facing the mountains, it's always a very comfortable atmosphere. Ambiance alone makes this a great place.  I am delighted to see a new item on their menu that is vegetarian -- it's a grilled veggie wrap and since i'm vegan, i just ordered it without the cheese, and unlike most vegetarian items that are tasteless without cheese, this sandwich was perfect. Very tasty non-dairy dressing. Two thumbs up to the Verrado Grille for adding this healthy and cruelty-free option to their menu. Now when my meat-eater friends and family dine there, I no longer have to decline. :)   Also, the chocolate cake I had there was one of the best chocolate cakes I've ever had anywhere!   Definitely worth the drive if you are outside of Verrado.
4 I just indulged myself with Dinner for the first time at Verrado Grille last night, and I must say that it was a great experience under the circumstances.   They close at 9 pm and we got there at about 8:30, so I was expecting poor service because of our timing. Our waitress was nice, and the service was still good for being almost closing time.   I had a pint of Verrado Ale (which is 8th street from Four Peaks) and ordered the Almond Encrusted Basa, which was a beautifully cooked white fish with this delicious Orzo/Risotto side.   The price is right about ball park for the level of quality you get, I would even pay up a little more for it.   Overall it was a great experience and I would recommend that you aim for a sunset dinner, as the view over the golf coarse and the white tank mountains is amazing during that time.
5 I have been going to Verrado Grille for over a year now. They recently got a new chef about 2 months ago, he is the real deal! I have a gluten allergy and can't eat out often from cross-contamination in the kitchen so i usually order salads to be safe. Well, the special for that night was a sun-dried tomato roasted chicken with 2 sides. Because i couldn't eat the pre-made herbs, the chef made a new batch of gluten free herbs for my chicken, really nice of them. It  was the best tasting chicken i have had in a long time (and i eat chicken a lot.) Not to mention I didn't get sick from anything! Which really goes to show they actually know what food allergies are. I highly recommend this place for anyone with an allergy like me or just "picky eaters" ;] Plus they have some amazing bartenders who can make a good drink!
4 I like the Verrado Grille dispite the long wait for entrees and the lackluster service i've received the two times i've been here. But the food is excellant, the views are terrific out on the patio, and my appetizers and drinks are always quick so i'm not terribly put out when my entree takes an additional 30-45 minutes. On Friday or Saturday nights a reservation is a good idea. I love the salmon but they never seem to have the lamb in stock! Good steaks too.
2 Decent food, but service was terrible. Our server didn't ask what choices we wanted with our dishes, didn't try to upsell us any salads, and spent a total of 10 seconds at our table of 7 people after taking our orders.   One of the orders was completely wrong (onion and mushroom burger, no cheese; came with no mushrooms or onions, but plenty of cheese) and when we sent it back with a clear explanation, it came back wrong again.  The waitress came back to refill water only once or twice throughout the course of the meal, and was quick to return to other tables (ones that didn't have an automatic 20% gratuity built in because they had fewer than 6 people). She was rude, uppity and clearly thought she had better things to do.   Truly disappointing for a setting and building of this caliber. The view is outstanding, and out on the deck having drinks and eating stuffed olives would have earned Verrado Grille a 4 out of 5. Terrible service soured the entire experience.  --- UPDATE: 3/8/2011  I'm pleased to report that the exec. chef from the restaurant read my review and sent me a very nice note. It's a good sign when a chef holds himself accountable for the restaurant as a whole and doesn't make excuses, so I'm reasonably certain our bad experience was a fluke. Next time we eat at VG I'm hoping poor service won't detract from the food, and I can re-rate it higher.
5 Another visit and once again Verrado Grille was nice enough to cater to my gluten-free problem. I got the hummus dip and was able to replace the pita bread with a variety of veggies. I also got the potato skins baked instead of fried so i could eat those too (no cross-contamintion is hard to find still)!  Thanks again to everyone at Verrado Grille for being so accommodating!
4 I've eaten here twice; once for lunch and once for dinner.  The food was excellent on each visit.  The waitstaff is friendly, the restaurant looks great, and the view is gorgeous.  You can eat indoors by the fire or outside on their patio overlooking the blue of the lake and the greens of the golf course. This is a great place to take out of town guests if you are interested in having them see the beauty of the AZ desert and having good food and atmosphere to go along with it! I'm very pleased with this establishment and I will definitely be back again and again.
4 This review is based more on their happy hour menu/apps. We join our neighbors here for happy hour about every-other-week for 2 reasons. 1. We live in the BFE (aka Verrado), and this is 1 of 3 restaurants in the community, and 2. They have a pretty stellar happy hour. $5 apps, house margies, sangria and wine, and beer is $3-$3.50 depending on what you get. Sitting on the patio right on the golf course doesn't hurt either...especially if you're lucky enough to get one of the setting in the lounge area. I would go as far to say that their apps are better than their entrees. The truffle fries (HUGE serving), wings and bruschetta (with tons of halved tomatoes and fresh greater parmesan) are an absolute must. Had breakfast there a couple of times, and it's most definitely nothing to write home about. Quite bland actually. I've had a few options for dinner and it's usually hit and miss. Again...happy hour is where it's at!
2 we were a party of 5. ordered 3 ribeyes, glazed pork chop.glazed salmon,chicken pasta. Ribeyes were so thin and $$ were the same for the ones we had 2 years ago that were thicker and cooked much better. I am not to sure whats going on in Verrado grille but they need to get better cuts of steak. We usually eat the bar menu and get drinks but this time we had out of town guests and sat with a regular guest that frequents VG every other day, How embarrassing when the 3 ribeyes came out well done and so thin it looked like 1 was cut into 2. I am so sorry that we took these guests to the grille tonight(friday Sept 14) Our server was excellent but food took so long to get to table it was luke warm at best. It's a shame that DMB doesn't set the standards they used to. The main dining room was closed due to a Bridal Event for promotion of Verrado Grille, but I must add I kept a watch on the event and thought they could have taken up less space and worked the patrons in the main room instead of stuffing the guests i the bar area.The manager on duty once again the same one that's been there on previous visits seems not aware of the wait times of food or the quality that comes out of the kitchen. Verrado Grille when the West Valley grows you will not be able to keep up unless you up your standards and sanitation.
5 As a resident of Verrado going on 2 years, a transplant from Lake Forest, IL the Verrado Grille reminds me of a The Bristol, very cool atmosphere. The Food is Great and those drinks are to die for, Pricing is about the same like Red Lobster but the experience is so wonderful.  Love it.
5 We live in Verrado and have been here many times. We never fail to have outstanding service, gorgeous views and excellent food. A little pricey, but doesn't keep us away!  Would love to see a .sunday brunch buffet again like they had years back with creme brulee french toast!  I digress. Special compliments to Maria, Jose', Christina, and Trish. The outside patio is beautiful at night with it's fireplaces and flaming heaters.
5 We  have lived in Verrado for close to 8 years and have seen many, many chefs come and go at The Grill. We finally gave up trying to get a good meal here 2 years ago. My husband travels a lot and rarely do we get a "date night". We thought we would try The Grill one  more time since it had been a long time hoping for a better meal, at least we knew the drinks and atmosphere/view was worth going for to watch the sunset over the White Tanks.   What a difference Chef J. Rasshad Brown makes at this beautiful restaurant! Both my husband and myself could not remember when we have had such a fantastic meal in our adult lives. We started with the bruschetta which was really good with the wine (they have a great wine list) I got the scallops with the best sweet potatoes ever. My husband went with meatloaf which is definitely not your Sunday night meatloaf.  Our meal was so good we asked our waitress to leave a message for the chef, instead he came out to meet us personally. We thanked him over and over for the most amazing meal ever.  I say bravo!
5 Love this Place..   -Great Food  -Great Drinks -Great Happy Hour -Great Service -Great Decor, Location, Views, Ambiance -& Great Live Music on Friday nights..  If you are looking for very nice place for dinner, or a nice date night.  Look no more.
2 I got the mushroom pasta and it was terrible, I couldn't even eat part of it and had to send it back. I was so put off I just waited for my party to finish and didn't order something else. The mushrooms were very bitter and didn't taste fresh to me at all, everyone in my group agreed. I tried other people's dishes and we weren't crazy about them either. The dining room is too big and very un-intimate. Won't be returning at all and based on other people's reviews it seems like the place to go for happy hour or they just never been to a nicer restaurant other than your bland chains like olive garden and red lobster...
5 This is by far one of the best hidden treasure of the desert. Verrado Grill has one of the best and tastiest menu in the Valley. From the appetizers to the main menu to the dessert everything is prepared with love and creativity. Make sure you check out the patio during the cooler temperatures.
4 Verrado grille has amazing fish tacos and we always sit out on the patio with an amazing view of the Golf Course! The service has always been very good and the prices are reasonable especially for being on the Golf course! The inside dining area is very nice as well with a great Bar area. There are Tvs so you can watch sports as well.
4 Situated on the Raven Golf Course in the Verrado community of Buckeye is the Verrado Grille. Great indoor ambiance and west facing views of the sunset over the golf course from the patio give the Verrado Grille an extra star in my book. Because of its location near Buckeye, I'm giving it the extra star just because there are absolutely no good restaurants for a nice lunch or dinner anywhere around here. I've had pretty good food here, but with a little extra care in preparation, the food might deserve another star.  I have to disagree with the other Yelp reviews about the drinks. I was served the worst Margarita in the history of the modern world here. I quickly sent it back and overheard the female bartender remark to the server that there was nothing wrong with it....unless you like a glass of sickening sweet, warm, mixer, three ice cubes and with the tequila bottle quickly waved over the top. It may just be a matter of who's behind the bar.  Service is decent, but again, it depends on who you get. Several servers seem to know the menu, one could not tell us what came with the prime rib that night.   Overall, I'll still stick with my 4 stars because this is such a breath of fresh air way out here on the dark side of the moon;  good food, decent service and great ambiance.
5 Relaxing atmosphere, good food, great service...enough said!
4 Not a huge menu, but food is good and service is good as well. Great place to have a cocktail on the patio
3 I like the fish and chips here. This place seems relaxed and laid back. I have also gotten hamburgers here and they are good too. The atmosphere seems interesting as mostly only local verrado residents frequent this place, and it seems like they all know each other including the bar tender, host, and wait staff which seem to linger and talk to the customers.  I don't live in verrado so they don't know me but regardless if you are in the area take a break and grab some good food and beers at the verrado grill.
4 Thoroughly enjoyed patio seating for lunch today.  I had the Philly Cheesesteak which was delicious.  Service was very good, considering how busy they were.  Would definitely come back!
5 Verrado Grille is wonderful! My family and I go here every single Friday for happy hour and dinner, and have never been the least bit disappointed. The service is great, the food is delicious, the drinks are tasty, and the views are breathtaking. Even if you can't get a table outside, the inside of the restaurant is just as gorgeous, comfortable, and lush; I suggest sitting in the bar area if you are going to sit inside! :)
1 Try to eat  in bar no service  left after 15 minutes only one person they need to hire more people
4 Love the Verrado Grille !  Enjoyed dining on the Patio where the fireplace adds such a warm touch at Sunset. Food was really good. I'm trying to convince my son and his fiancé that they should hold their wedding reception here !
5 Great food. Love the breakfast and lunch menu. Affordable, great view, great service and reasonable prices.
2 The Verrado Grill is stunning and this is why I keep coming back, food is good too but Saturday night, I bellied up to the bar with my girlfriend, the restaurant was NOT busy one other couple sitting at the bar, we ordered our usual, Dirty Martini with 3 olives, the bartender (female)  puts a red wine glass in front of us and told us that she had no clean Martini glasses that it as a popular drink tonight.... Hmmmm I look around and not one person had a Martini....  Clearly she refused to wash a glass or two. To me that's just poor customer service, oh and to top it off, the second Martini we ordered we asked for blu stuffed olives and she charged us each $1.25 for the olives... REALLY?  Shaking my head... I will go back but not when this bartender working...
4 We had breakfast on a Friday Morning, I had a made to order $9 Omelette with ham, sausage and american cheese with potatoes and wheat toast. Omelette was very large and stuffed with ingredients and smothered with cheese, it was excellent! My wife had the Banana nut french toast with I think was pecan/maple syrup and it was off the hook. The wait staff was very attentive and quick to take care of our needs. The prices on the menu for all offerings were very reasonable. The golf course view provided us with an early morning very peaceful setting and will definately see us coming back to try Dinner! We can't wait. Maybe it will be 5 stars
4 My husband and I had a (rare) date night here and loved it. Good food and delicious drinks. Our waitress was really sweet. It was a beautiful night out and we ended up taking our drinks and having a romantic walk along the golf course to a beautiful bridge that over looked the course. We'll definitely be going back!
5 This is a great little community and we loved this golf coarse grill. Nice ambiance and excellent service and the breakfast food some of the best we've ever had. I had their version of the skillet and it was perfect, DH had his standard bacon, eggs and added pancakes and it was all delicious. Definitely recommend this hidden gem.
3 We've eaten here several times.  The view is great--especially if you can get a table outside. The food isn't the best.  Each time I've been a little disappointed in my choices.  The pasta is very bland and tastes a little like that served in a cafeteria.  I got the sliders on recommendation and they were dry and charred.   The bar area is nice and a decent place to meet friends.
