5 Aaaaahhhh... the feeling of driving a clean, shiny car.  I don't know why it took me so long to figure out that this hand car wash was so close to my house, especially since I have driven by more times than I can count.  I should be more observant - wonder what else I have been missing!  I have visited twice, with two different vehicles and they both came out looking great - and I am very picky!  The employees are friendly and will recommend what service you need without being pushy.  It was not crowded when I was there (both times on Friday afternoon) so the wait was not long at all.  If you do have to wait, there are a few areas for seating - indoors as well as a patio and shaded area outside where you can watch your car being dried (under a cover by the way, so no baked-on water spots!).  The best part is the air hose they use to get the water out of all the cracks and crevices - an added touch that I like.  Give Classic Car Spa a try - I am sure you won't be disappointed.  :)
4 I love this Car Wash. They do a much better and more thorough job and are so much more eager to please without the attitude.  I have had 3 vehicles serviced and one detailed there and am extremely happy.  They detailed my wife's car and part of the paint came off the door handle from a buffer. No questions asked they had the handle repainted N/C. They have great management there and are very eager to please and that is so refreshing.  They also don't have the typical windshield repair guy scavenging the windshield of every car like vultures that are SO annoying!  My wheels always get wiped clean between the spokes! Every time I wash the car at the competitors they always miss the details.  These folks catch everything!
5 Classic Car spa is a great addition to the area. The people who work there are friendly and they go the extra mile.  I have yet to do any detail services, but have liked all of my car washes. I was in a while back and mentioned I was somewhat in a hurry becuase it was my birthday - after that it seemed like everyone who worked there was wishing me a happy birthday... Very nice and welcoming.  My only warning - If you have light colored carpets, do not get the fragrance "chips" they put under the mats. They stained the carpet in my old car. I go with no fragrance now.
5 After all of the recent rains, my car was looking less than wonderful.  Pretty bad, actually.  While I like/prefer to wash my own cars (I am pretty picky about these things), there hasn't been time.  Too many fun things to do on the weekends!  Car wash, here we come...  I was pleasantly surprised to find out this morning that Classic Car Spa is offering an "early bird" special - Monday through Thursday from 7:30 - 9am you will receive $5 off any wash!  As an added bonus, at 7:45 there wasn't a wait - I was in and out of there in less than 20 minutes!  A shiny clean car is a good way to start the week.
3 A hand-job with gardening gloves.....  I went looking for Scottsdale Auto Salon to get a hand wash tint quote on my new Mini today. Finding it out of business, I whipped out my handy-dandy Yelp iPhone app looking for a nearby alternate to at least get the wash done and found Classic Car Spa.   Expecting to pay a bit more for a traditional hand wash I was surprised to find a machine assisted process. I'd spent way to long trying to locate the place (thank you Google maps) so I just opted for their supreme wash, which includes both interior and exterior detail.  My son and I watched the car move through the process and saw that at least the 'wash part' was done by hand, but they used the same mitts from the filthy truck that had gone through previously. -1 star  After seeing this, I should have watched their 'interior detail' more closely. When I got the car back there were lines of dirt in my white roof, and water spots on the accent chrome. When we got in the car there still bits of chip on the seat and floor mat from my sons spill the day, and it was obvious that the dash and interior hadn't been detailed. (Unless they refrain from using any product what so ever on the interior of the car. The dash and steering wheel were bone dry and dusty.)  - 1 star  I should have brought it up to someone, but my husbands' and sons' hunger won over and we just left. Thankfully all of their other locations are to far out of the way to bother detouring to again.  The staff was friendly, and their waiting area was pleasant with lots of drink choices, although I'm not sure their waiting area was comfy enough for anything longer than a wash.
1 The wash ain't bad....but the process to get it done is pathetic.  The ticket writers at the entrance move in slow motion. They try to upsell at every opportunity.  Four cars backed up waiting to order their service...and the crew is standing around with no cars going thru. I'd rather drive my car dirty then endure the agony of incompetent management.
1 I took my brand new car to this car wash a couple weeks ago for what I was told is a "100% hand wash". Once I paid, turned over my car, and went inside I realized when I looked through the glass that while yes there were men hand washing my car but my car was being pushed through on a mechanical conveyor belt. I watched the car move along and when it got to the last 10 feet of the belt I watched my front driver side wheel get completely scratched by this conveyor belt. I was mortified!! I pointed it out to the employees and no one seemed to care. I was told "it's not that noticeable". The only option they gave me was to leave my contact info and their corporate office will call me. Shockingly I have not heard from anyone yet. This place is garbage.
2 Great hand wash .... Just watched: kid toss my keys on my hood oops.. To busy to hand place on windshield.  Watched another get out of BMW and forget to put it into park  it rolled backwards several feet to a stop oops. No air freshener. When I ask where it was they passed the buck to the guy at the front of the line.... So I passed  a buck of the tip back to me.
3 I am not a fan of public car washes in general, but compared to some of the rest, Classic Car Spa did a great job! There were no smears on my windows, no water drops, either. With a BMW, you have to have the rims almost spit-shined!  I opted to get the full deal, including my rims. I was really pleased with their attention to detail.   I thought I might note that my little Z4 was probably the least expensive car being washed . . . the line-up was filled with high-end SUVs, a Porsche Panamera and a Maserati. If I could afford a Maserati, I could probably afford to have someone come to my house and wash the car for me! :)
3 I will agree with the other reviewers about the "sales" people here.  Leave me the F alone.  If I want my windshield replaced I'll tell you.  If I want my car detailed I'll ask for it.  If I want a higher level wash I'll TELL YOU.  And if I want only a basic wash, with no armorall....don't scoff at me.  I HATE pulling up to this place, they all stare at you like hmmm what we can get him with today.  The glass guys are relentless...even when they know me and recognize my car, they will still run after me to the inside as I'm paying to ask if they can do my windshield.  NO...you can't....just like the 15 other times I've said no.  Then when you say no, they look at you with a "go screw yourself" type look.  The pushy sales in the front have almost prompted me to try and write to the owner of the place a couple times before.  I'm very tolerant of this type of stuff normally (ala Danny's Car Wash), and I understand that it is a business to make money....but these guys are just plain rude sometimes.  Ok now that I've vented, I will say that I absolutely love everything else about this car wash.  My car is lowered and will not fit through any other car wash that uses a track (like at Danny's).  Here, they use a flat conveyor belt that the whole car sits on and as it goes through, it is entirely done by hand (other than the machines which spray soap on the car).  When it comes out, the team of drying guys are always very attentive, making sure they get every last drop of water, and are pretty efficient.  On top of that, they are always very nice and friendly.  This place would get 5 stars from me if it wasn't for the pushy sales folks at the front end.
5 The guys here are great! Very informative & made my 2004 Honda look brand-new!!! I was super impressed with the fact they noticed how badly my windsheild was chipped and went to all the effort to contact my insurance company & setup an estimate! I had a brand-new windshield within days & didn't even have to leave my house!  Plenty of Car Spa's/detailing places I've previously been to do not take the time to really make sure all the crevices are clean - not the case this time!  Thrilled with how great it turned out! :)
1 This may be a hand car wash, but the damage they do to your clear coat with scuff s, and scratches will make you wish you went through an automated wash.   I have a black vehicle and I had them hand wash it . Well when done I had more scratches in my clear coat then I did before they washed it.   The issue here is they have very unskilled workers who speak little to no english that care more about getting on to the next vehicle, then properly taking care or yours.   The last time I ever went I watched the guy drag the vacuum hose across the rear quarter of my vehicle putting multiple scratches in the the clear coat.   When I pointed this out they just look at me and smiled because they did not understand a word I said.   I had to have the car buffed out at a body shop to correct their screw up.   Bottom line they SUCK, DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR THERE.
1 I WAITED in line and watched as the staff catered to cute girls and people with nicer cars even though I was ahead of them, thell deny this but its a fact. The actual wash was terrible, I've been twice and they leave spatter drops all over back plastic..its still there! Forgot to clean rims even though I paid for premium wash. Didn't replace mats correctly, didn't vacuum very well....never going back. I'll just go to Danny's
4 I discovered this place back in March of 2012 and liked how I would be able to purchase a nice, full service car wash with my gasoline purchase.  So on every trip I make to the Phoenix (about once a quarter), I make a point to bring my company car here for a nice cleaning.  I've yet to be disappointed with the process.  For about $20 prepaid at the pump, I drive up to the entrance where an attendant meets me, I show them my receipt, they hand me a processing slip, and they send my car through the semi-automated wash, where attendants prescrub the car before and after entering the automated systems..  A window inside the mini-mart lets you watch the process while your car moves through the car caravan.  You get the whole thing processed for inside the mini-mart, which is a bit tedious, since I've already paid.  Once the car exits the automated wash, the car goes through towel dry, an interior vacuum, a windows wipe and a tire shine.  Once everything is done, they wave a towel and call out for you.  If you happen to still be inside the mini-mart, they send someone in looking for you.  The results have always been very good - naturally a bit of paint swirling from the towels, but never any scratches.  If I cared more about this car, I'd be washing it myself.  I've been reading the poor reviews for this place, and they certainly don't echo my experiences.  I certainly don't have a fancy car (been driving a Prius and now a Fusion) and I'm most certainly not a pretty girl.  I prepay at the pump so they can't upsell me anything.  My car always gets in line and I've never been kept waiting while other cars after mine got the ride through the wash before mine.  Perhaps I've just been lucky, but since my experience here has always been positive, I'll keep coming back.
4 This is best place to use for convertibles because its touch less. No harshness on the ragtop!
1 $25 car wash and the console in my car wasn't wiped down. At that price I shouldn't have to ask for it to be done. The wash is just "ok" at best. They should put as much effort into actually cleaning the cars as they do trying to up sell you on detail packages, leather treatment, and waxing. I just want my car washed and cleaned properly without being harassed with up selling and 3rd parties trying to tell me about the stone chip in my windshield. I broke down once and had my black car waxed there. It looked great when I picked it up. They strategically place it under their gas pump canopy for me to inspect it.  Looked great, I drove off, only to get home to see it in the sun and discover the entire car is now cover with swirl marks from the buffer they used.
1 If all you need is a your car washed....odds are about 50/50 they will do a decent job.  DO NOT however, let them detail your car.  I have a 2012 black Porsche which I let these guys detail (you know how they ask you if you would like to buy a detail package when you come for a car wash....).  Worst detailing work I have ever seen.  The car had barely 5,000 miles on it and was in excellent condition.  They left it covered in swirl marks.  These guys do not have a clue.    I repeat DO NOT let these guys put a polisher on your paint.  They are clueless!
1 This place is incredibly poor at keeping cars in line.  On multiple occasions now I've gone through the initial drop off process and then observed several cars be pulled into the wash ahead of mine.  This wouldn't be such a big deal if it wasn't for the fact that the cars then funneled into only 2 lines after the wash and each car takes about 6-10 minutes to be wiped down, vacuumed, etc.  So that means when they let 4 or 5 people's cars ahead of yours then you now have yourself a good 30+ minute wait that you shouldn't have.  However it gets worse.  Not only were they not keeping in cars in line BEFORE the wash, they were making the same mistakes after the wash.  Some cars (including mine) were placed at the end of a very long line and then several cars after mine were then placed near the front of another line.  This added even more time - and for a "fast" wash place like this I found it taking just shy of 40 minutes.  Thankfully the final employee that takes your claim check at least apologized and said they're often understaffed, but adequate staffing isn't the problem when they can't do something so simple as keep people in line with the order in which they arrived.    If you're one of those optimists you could at least tell yourself that maybe you'll be one of the lucky ones whose car is moved up in line, both before and after the wash, and you'll be out of there in 10-12 minutes flat!
1 Save your $ folks. We spent $20 on a wash we have to go home and re-do!  While we were waiting we watched them lock the keys in a car!  Then they had to jump start another car!  Our car was still dirty & had to ask them twice to re- do several areas. Still is dirty!  The cashier was more interested in the football game than taking our $. Not again!
4 Great Wash/Awkwardly Pushy Sales  I had my first wash here recently and I came to conclude two things:  1) Great job washing. I have a black truck and it looked great afterwards.   2) Salesman too pushy! After I declined his "once in a year" sales pitch, he turned back to it after a few more sentences and explained it further. No big deal, I declined again. Then as I'm out of my car and trying to head inside he starts trying to sell it again!  Once. Ok. Twice with another explanation. Sure- maybe there is something to it I wasn't considering. A third time is annoying and too much. The way that he did it all with a smile reminded me of a used car salesmen.   Management: Stop With The High Pressure Sales.    I will most likely be back but my patience for this will grow thin shortly and I may be the guy chewing out your employee for bugging the crap out of me and not accepting no.
2 Nice looking place and they seem to do good work but the substantial number of attempted up sells is unsettling.  Combine this with a generally rude and impatient cashier plus your typical uppity North Scottsdale crowd and I'd be hard pressed to return.
5 Best car wash in the north side that I have found. It has two channels that run vehicles through. The best part is that the channels that pull the cars through are on belts. My vehicle has large rims and lower profile tires so a regular car wash system could scratch the rims, also it's a soft cloth hand dry in the end. Get the Groupon...it's much cheaper and is essentially a 3:1 deal.
3 Very disappointed. I live on the west side of Phoenix but I heard that it was worth the drive. When they said my truck was ready, I had to point out water drops still on the drivers door. When the sun hit my windshield, I could see at least a dozen bug spots still there, And when I got home, there were lots of streaks from water they failed to wipe off.  I bought a package of three, so they get two more chances, but for $25, it ought to be near perfect.
4 Not perfect, but pretty good.  I was impressed that the car is hand washed, but then rinsed and largely dried in a tunnel.  I've been there about six times now and typically get good service.  I won't ever take my Tesla to a regular car was because the "soft cloth"  technology retains dirt that is abrasive to subsequent cars.  However, I would not have the car detailed or buffed here because I doubt that they hire staff with sufficient skills to avoid swirls in the finish, but their regular wash is fine.
4 They do a decent enough job but check out Groupon before you do anything. The have a 3 Supreme wash for $29 deal going. That's almost 3 washes for the price if one.
1 Do not let these guys detail your car!!!    I made an appointment and arrived at the proper time.    I gave them 5 hours to get my car detailed.  They assured me no problem.  When I showed up at the appropriate time it was not ready, which threw my whole schedule off.   I complained, but nothing could really be done because I had to leave.   I returned later picked up my car, but I was in a hurry and didn't really check the car out.  My mistake.  it seemed fine.  A couple of days later I noticed there was a deep scratch, paint was gone, on the edge of the hood.  I hadn't notice it because you can't see it from the driver's position and I don't walk by it in my garage.  It is only visible when approaching from the passenger side and you have to be right on top of it.  When in that position it is very visible.    I returned to the car wash to complain and show them the problem.  They said it couldn't  have their problem.  I knew it wasn't mine.  I keep my car in a garage.  I'm retired and drive a small number of miles.  The scratch is such that it couldn't have been a parking lot accident unless someone decided to pick up a shopping cart and run it over my hood.    The manager said he would look at the films that they keep of each car moving through the detailing process.  It would show if the car was marked as it left the detailing area.  It couldn't have been done before because the manager had done a complete walk around prior to accepting the car.  I said OK and left.  He never called me back.  I called and left a message saying who I was and that I was expecting a call back.  I received no return call.  I returned to the car wash and got another manger who said he would look into it and call me back.  Again, no return call.   I called again, left a message.  No return call.    If you ignore this review and do go to the car wash and the try to up sell you to detailing, (which they will),wait for the third or fourth offer.  The price comes down quickly.
1 This place is absolutely terrible. The workers have no pride in their work and simply want to get each car over with as fast as possible.  You will also find yourself driving away with an interior full of goopy shit covering every conceivable surface.  If you are considering taking your car here to be cleaned, do yourself a favor and dump a bucket of soft water over your car- you will be more satisfied with the results than those from this establishment.
2 A fair cleaning is all you should expect at this location.  A lot of missed areas such as carpets, visors, glass and more . But they do add a strong coat of armor all to the wheels, fenders and dash to give the appearance of a real detail.  Save yourself the $150 . it's just not worth it.
1 The car wash is literally a dump. I've had my car washes here 10 times and each time something is wrong. The cars dirty. They forgot to vacuum the rear carpets. They don't dry it enough so you get water marks.   The detail center and the area where you pick up your car has paper and other garbage that guests walk over to get in there car.   I live less then a 1/4 mike and I end up driving to toms thumb on raintree and the 101. Each wash is like a mini detail. Your car comes out spotless and they have a restaurant inside where to food is amazing.
1 Mark or Marcus should not be a manager for the Scotsdale location.  He pulled two cars in ahead of me and could care less when I asked if he had a system in place to make sure people did not get skiped. He just kept saying,Im just runnin cars,Im just runnin cars, Also the girl in the far right drying isle did not put a towel down on the door sill and muddied up the fabric carpet and scratched the sill stainless steel plate with the gravel in her sho. She did not even care. Im done with you guys.
1 The old adage of, "if you don't find good help, the help will kill you" couldn't be truer for this organization. The staff members where the patrons drop off their cars are so snide and rude, I'm wondering if anyone got back into the car and drove off.  In my case, the attendant was so bent on selling me other upgrades, the sales pitch became obnoxious. I went there to get a car wash because it was dirty from the recent trip and had water spots from being parked too close to sprinklers.  The attendant even tried scare tactic wherein, unless I get a decent wax job, the water marks will ruin the paint. In addition, he stated that, the wash may not get all the water marks out and he didn't want me to blame him or the car wash itself.  As I got the ticket and was about to walk off to the cashier, I requested the attendant to have the trunk area vacuumed out as well.  He did not acknowledge so I repeated the request.  This is where the snide comes in.  He told me that he heard the first time, and that, he has a pretty good hearing.  I responded by telling the jerk that, I too have a pretty good hearing and he did not have to repeat that I had to have a wax job.  Guess what, the car wash got ALL the water marks out.  And guess what else? They were about to forget vacuuming the trunk. I want to be absolutely fair here. I watched and waited when all the wipe-downs were done and the worker raised his hand and called out my car.  When I walked over to claim my vehicle was when I requested for the 3rd time--2 times at the drop off and 1 final time at the pick-up line--the trunk to be vacuumed out.  The price: Fair  The quality of car wash: very good to excellent  Staff at the Drop-off: very dissatisfied.   Recommendation: Stop trying to up sell and stop the snide attitude. If you are so smart, why are you working and I am not? In addition, the patrons know what they want and therefore they don't need punks telling the patrons what patrons SHOULD do.
2 The wash job here is pretty weak. I still had bug guts on the front and the vacuum guy followed Nancy Reagan's advice and just said no to sucking the back half of the interior. The dash glistened with armor all except for all the edges and near the window. Hey, they almost hit it all so I guess they deserve an F for effort.  I like the moving roadway method of moving your car through, no worries about the wheels, but the wash job was horrible.
2 Sadly, this is the first bad review I have had to write.  Firstly, I have been going here for a couple of years and they have always done a pretty decent job.  So that is why I gave them 2 stars.  Otherwise they would have gotten only 1.  Here it goes...  I went in there with my new car.  The interior is a flat black leather.  They proceeded to lather (heavily) my interior with Armor All.  And I mean everywhere.  Anything that was leather, or not, they lathered.  Yes, lathered.  They even Armor All'd the screen for my navigation.  Cringe!  I mean come on...who does that?  Especially on a brand new car with a flat black leather interior...  So, that was that.  I showed it to the employee and he agreed that it was not supposed to happen and they should have used the leather lotion treatment as they always had done in the past.    He told me to bring the car back the next day and I would have to leave it with them for a "couple" of hours to get it all off, free of charge.  I bring my car back the next day and they call me about 4 hours later notifying me that they were all done.  When I went to pick up my car, there was ZERO CHANGE!!! What, what, what??  It looked as if they even put more on for some reason!  Are you kidding me?  A manager is called over and here is the basics of the conversation between the 3 of us:  Me: "Why is there still Armor All everywhere? You guys were supposed to get it all off.  What did you do for the past four hours?"  Employee: "We tried.  We are not able to get this 'stuff' off."  Me: "What, why?"  Employee: "Because it is oil based."  Manager: (seeming really confused) "No, its not oil based, because we don't use any oil based products.  However, he is right, we are unable to get this 'stuff' off."  Employee: "Yes, it is oil based, that is why we can't get it off!"  Me: "So what am I supposed to do?"  Manager: "I am not sure."  Me: "So I am just screwed??"  The manager had nothing left to say.  He kinda tried to stutter some words out but mainly just gave me a blank stare.  Didn't offer anything to try and make up for it...not even a free car wash.  LOL.  Later.   I took my car to the BMW dealership and payed them $200 and they had it off in 3 hours.   Now I can never go back to this place which really sucks because it was my favorite car wash.  Blasted.    Go here at your own risk. I did.
