5 I went to Sahara Coins & was promptly buzzed in and greeted by someone at the counter. I explained what I wanted and was immediatly shown the inventory and made arrangements to purchase. I had a pleasant conversation with the salesperson while filling out the paperwork. I would highly reccomend them from the experience I had and I will continue to give them my business. They are located in a decent part of town, have a nice showroom & thier website is a good source to monitor preciuos metal prices & is updated daily.
3 The staff seemed very friendly and knew what they were talking about. It was a long wait before I was able to speak with anyone regarding selling coins I found when cleaning out my grandmother's house. The gentleman was able to tell me the history about some of the coins and I was able to sell most of them. The others he suggested I sell on eBay as they were worth very little and not enough for them to make a profit. Understandable.  As my first time doing anything of this sort and I was made to feel very comfortable.
3 Over-the-top gimmicky feel. Very Vegas in its style. From the buzzing in at the entrance to the glitzy display cases and "collectible" motorcycle and machines.   But, by Golly, it even has numismatic material. Honest to Goodness coins! Mostly the type you would expect ( Morgans ), but occasionally some you don't ( Patterns ). I found a decent selection of Silver Peace dollars, but not much by way of nice gold coins like St. Gaudens. And I won't fault them on the good selection of supplies and books.  Price wise they tend to run high. No hidden gems or rips here. But they have more diverse a selection than anyone else. I'd stay away from the bullion, but steer towards the slabbed coins.  The younger guys tend to be the most helpful. The older fellow is a dyed in the wool coin guy, but if you start talking investments, he loses interest and excuses himself, never to return. My bad. Still learning the ropes.  I think it is a much better alternative to ANY, and I do mean ANY pawn shop. I'm sure you would get a fair and honest deal here as well. They also post buy and sell prices on line to help avoid confusion.  Now my list is longer, I'll give them another try.
1 These guys are the only ones making any money on "Gold Investing". I bought some gold coins from them as an "investment". The price went up over $100 an ounce , I went to cash it in when I needed the money and ended up losing over $150.00 !! Go to th casino to gamble - they have better odds.
