5 I had the wings there and the wing sauce was so good I went back a few days later and bought a container to put on chicken I made at home.  It is a great blend of sweet and spicy.  My wife has a veggie rueben that she thoroughly enjoyed.  We will be going back!  I just wish they were open on Sundays.
5 Yummy food and a friendly staff to serve you.  We were there on a Friday night with three adults and four kids and everyone loved their dinner.  You really can;t go wrong with what you choose off of the menu.  But be sure to save room for all of the yummy desert options available!
4 We went here yesterday for breakfast.  I had an omelet which was par for the course but the pancakes were very fluffy and the syrup tasted just a bit better than normal. My wife had a chicken avocado sandwich but to our pleasant surprise they put fried apples on it with a sweet cinnamon sauce.  It was good.  I had an OJ and it tasted like the cheapy cheapy kind so I wouldn't order that but we got out of there for about $20 including two kids so that was good.
5 Amazing apple dumpling and apple pocket!    Cute little place.  Great service and reasonable prices!  My husband and I will be back..and back..  :)
5 Read the reviews and kept seeing this place pop up on other sites so I decided I wanted to try.  I am really glad I did.  Amazing service & food with even better dessert.  Kids eat free on Monday & Wednesday so that was a bonus.  Reasonable prices on the ice cream.    I can't wait to go back and try more.  This is a great place to go when you want a "home cooked" style meal.  Great job on this place (to the owners)!
5 Excellent food in a quaint/cute little place.  I had the Chicken Avocado Croissant.  VERY tasty.  The second half of the sandwich was even better the next day after a night in the fridge.  The home fries were cut in a very unusual way and tasted great.  Ice cream deli in there too with a bunch of good flavors to choose from.  Highly recommended !!
4 My family loves this place. They have a large selection for the kids. This is the kind of place you would go if you want a home cooked meal but don't want to actually cook it yourself. Their desserts are wonderful! I wish they had a few more options without meat but they are always willing to work with me on whatever I order.
4 I finally got to this place after years of living in the East Valley.  I had it all worked up in my mind to be this fabulous place.  And for the most part it was!  When we first drove up I was a little concerned as it is located in a grocery store plaza.  Plaza joints always freak me out, LOL!  When we walked in we were warmly greeted by the owner and seated immediately.  The woman that cooks (the chef) walked out and suggested a few things.  We took her up on her suggestions and ordered the Cairo's Rotisserie and the Country Fried Steak.  To our surprise, nothing is fried at this place.  Everything is baked.  The steak was crispy and the potatoes were yummy.  We couldn't believe that it wasn't fried, it was so cute.  My son ordered off the kids menu a pizza with fries. The fries were handcut potato wedges BAKED.  Very tasty.  My sandwich was awesome!  The parmesan bread is yummy.  The prices are a little steep for a place located inside a plaza BUT the portions were huge and it was quality food.  The staff was super friendly and personable.  Will definitely be back and hopefully for breakfast next time.
1 I had such high hopes for this place.  Let me start off by saying that I am a breakfast person and very particular.  Breakfast ingredients are cheap and there are not that many unique combinations so it is an absolute necessity that it be done right.  If you are thinking, "Oh! That's me!", this is not the place for you.  First, the staff was friendly but not overly excited or very apologetic that it took 30 minutes to get our food.  It was also unpleasantly warm inside the restaurant.  I might be able understand if the place had been crowded, but it wasn't.  It was half empty at 11 am on a Saturday.  The food was not especially cheap for the quality.  I had the ham steak breakfast which was nearly $10 for ham, eggs, toast, and potatoes.  Here are some thoughts from my meal and what else was ordered at our table:  The ham was tasty but it was sliced ham and not a ham steak.  My over easy eggs were browned* .  The toast was cold*.  The pancakes were fluffy but dry like a biscuit and not spongy.  The home fries were tasteless and undercooked*, unless you like hard potatoes.  The "cream" for the coffee wasn't cream, it was milk.  The sausage patties used were the cheap ones you can buy frozen at Walmart and hardly qualify as meat.   I let out a sigh of relief when we stepped out into the open air; glad to be finally free from waiting for someone to take payment while enjoying the cool breeze rushing across the back of my legs, cooling them as it evaporated the moisture built up from an hour of sitting on a cushion in an over-warm room.  The joy of this moment left me with one final utterance, "Eff that place."  On the bright side, this has motivated me to start writing reviews instead of only reading them.  * denotes things about a breakfast that would make me want to punch a kitten.
5 Since the address on Yelp is incorrect you should know that this restaurant just moved a couple of miles west on Chandler Blvd and are now located at the intersections of Chandler Heights & Higley. Now for my review...  I was working from home today with a coworker and we decided to to head out for a late lunch. Having noticed that the cafe moved int my neighborhood, we decided to give it a try. It was late so they were not busy. We were greeted upon arrival. The staff gave us several recommendations for lunch and my coworker couldn't decide between two of their sandwiches so he told the server to surprise him. The server came out a few minutes later with a half of each of the two sandwiches he was interested in. In all of my 39 years I've never seen a restaurant do this!  As you can imagine he was thrilled and very pleased with his lunch, as was I with mine. The food was great, the service was great and it's in a great location for anyone in SE Gilbert. I highly recommend giving this place a try!
1 My best advice... KEEP Driving...even McDonalds would be better than this place.   I will say we had been several times for ice cream at the old location on Power and Chandler Heights, and we had delicious ice cream and enjoyed the little shop etc... the new Location is at Higley and Chandler Heights.. is not so cute, let me tell you... if they moved because they thought the problem was location... UM, NO its NOT LOCATION that is the problem!   When we walked in it felt warm and dark and had an odd scent... the lighting was AWFUL, there is an old.. Ice Cream Cart thing right when you walk in with all sorts of Local papers, you know the stuff people browse on a Sunday AM, when eating alone... well, anyway, it was a mess... so lets move inside... there are several plants, I assume to make the place welcoming and warm... they were all dead, or dying... ;( they could at least water the plants!   Lady says take a seat... it was me, my husband and our 9 week old baby in her carrier... so, the set up in this place is AWFUL.. 2 booths on the left, that can only seat 2 people...on the SAME side, and Face the window/ door we just came in.. another booth there, taken, so, we look, there are 2 booths on the FAR wall, one is taken, the other has direct sunlight shining on the whole table... umm, it was 105 at 9:30 AM, No thanks to that one, then another booth in the center of the last wall, taken by a waitress... i assume the owner and a girlfriend having coffee, and then several stand alone tables all miss moshed... so at this point I am slightly ANNOYED, but I LOVE breakfast/Brunch and would love a place me and my baby daughter could go on a regular basis, so I am keeping an open mind...  Well, it did not take long! The Coffee was the worst I have EVER had... I LOVE coffee, and I drink ANY coffee when the need be... I took 2 sips and was like, NEVER MIND.. and ordered a diet coke... which if I was the waitress and I had JUST brought you a cup of coffee and 2 seconds later you order a soda... I thinkI would ask if something was WRONG! NOPE, she did not care the full cup of coffee just sat... oh and there was no cream, and nothing to stir the coffee with?!? Had to ask for Cream and then a spoon... so you would think after returning 3 times with stuff for my coffee it is weird I did not drink it... but whatever... I am still open at this point... I put my arm on the table.. and YUCK, it had not been cleaned, I take out a germ wipe... and begin to wipe the table down, the lady I assume was the owner and the waitress both see me go through 2 wipes, which have turned almost BLACK, and they again never say anything...odd... I thought.... so now I have a clean table, coffee I can't drink, and a soda on the way, so we order our food...   I got an omelet with cheese and mushrooms, my husband got Chicken fried steak (which we later learn is not fried at ALL) great for health reasons, and he said it tasted ok, but would not order it again. the Omelet was good... the house potatoes were AWFUL could not eat them, well first of all they did not stay on the fork, they were really think, and sort of hard and it was weird... no flavor, and Chewy... so weird... how the hell do you mess up POTATOES.. they obviously were cooked in advance, like maybe days in advance... not sure... anyway, I get 3/4 of the way through my meal, and I come across a small piece of BLUE PLASTIC.. weird, almost like part of a wrapper, like the stuff they shrink wrap around bottles so they do not leak... anyway, then another bite I find a HAIR, YES a HAIR! I was completely and TOTALLY DISGUSTED AT THIS POINT. I told my husband get the bill and lets get the hell out of here.   As we were paying the owner brings us samples of fudge.. i must say THAT WAS DELICIOUS! and she was REALLY nice, and told us all about the no fried etc. etc... but HONESTLY it was just a BAD experience... they should stick to ice cream and Fudge, maybe a sandwich or something, but as a CAFE/Ice cream shop they do not WORK... I have little confidence they will be there in 6 months, there only hope is they are right next door to Taco Bell... however if you gave me the choice... Taco Bell would win EVERY TIME!   Good Luck Apple Dumpling Cafe... you are going to need it!
2 The food is unique and very good. The decor in the new restaurant at Chandler Heights an Higley is Spartan. I have been to the new one 3 times.  The food screams comfort but the ambiance just screams. Too bright, uncomfortable and worst of all, there are always dirty tables. They have young kids waiting tables, but they aren't trained well. They bring your food one plate at a time, no silverware. When we finished both of the last two times they brought a dessert menu, came back and we declined dessert, then they went away and came back with the check, we paid and they collected the money - all the while never clearing our plates!  My suggestion - train the waitstaff and clean up the dining room and make it more homey. And for goodness sake get rid of that horrible cart just inside the door - and that weird cluttered 1/2 booth by the door.
2 I really tried to like this place. It is across the street from where we live and we tried it twice. Service is slow. Do not waste your money on the open faced turkey sandwich it is made with very processed cheap quality lunch meat and brown gravy..........the fried sandwiches are tasty though. I must mention that I bought a large amount of fudge to give out as gifts to clients and was very frustrated every time I tried to pick up portions of my prepaid order...The gift boxes that were presented to me were smeared with little bits of the fudge and soon after they tried to make me use old stock of theirs that just did not have the look I was promised. I would buy a small amount fudge for personal use but not for my office.
4 My aunt moved into the dairy farms of the desert and we were visiting her from out of town. The cows are apparently grass and alfalfa fed cows who hang out under fans misting them constantly under a metal roof providing some shade.  Somehow they survive and make AMAZING ice cream, or so we experienced at Apple Dumpling Cafe. I had something that had a base of vanilla ice cream, mixed with some chocolate candy bar and drizzled in chocolate and caramel syrup. To die for, and in a waffle cone none-the-less.  I highly recommend one of these small town diners serving fresh-from-the-cows ice cream.
2 Went to breakfast - nothing special - ordered waffle with strawberries and ice cream, a side of sausage and an apple fritter.  Waitress forgot the ice cream, the side of sausage and the apple fritter!  It's not as if the place was busy - just a few tables occupied.  Owner did apologize, however, but it's "one and done" for us at ADC.  Too many other, better places to go to spend our money.
4 Went here for the first time last night.  It was very nice place.  Great service and nice people.  Food was fantastic.  Was a little warm in there so not sure if that is normal or not.  But all in all it was a great visit.  Will visit again.
4 Yum! I got the Chicken Avocado Croissant. Grilled chicken, Havarti cheese, cinnamon apples, raspberry chipotle sauce...delicious. My husband got the apple burger, and he was surprised at how great all of the different flavors meshed together. We were really impressed with the food. Other reviewers have mentioned poor service, but we didn't have an issue. However, we were uncomfortably warm throughout the entire meal.  I will go back again, but maybe wait until fall when it's a bit cooler outside so their AC does a little better.
4 We went after finding them on yelp, and we were pleased. The restaurant was small and eclectic. They had the mom & pop atmosphere. They also have espresso, lattes, and other options not available with the normal mom & pop places! We will add this one to our regulars. We all had the grilled sourdough with fries. Homemade fries were excellent and we all enjoyed the combinations we chose (from the roast beef to turkey & bacon).
3 We have been here many times, and so far it has been consistent.    We enjoyed the tuna melt, hamburger and homemade tomato soup.  All were very good.  The waitress was very attentive and the service was prompt.  That has historically not been the case however.  Service sometimes can be a hit and miss.  We will contiue to frequent this cafe.
4 Delicious fresh food, cute setup, love the dessert ice cream shoppe/fudge family feel.  Our main issue is the wait ... It seems they make one ticket at a time so every dish tastes and looks wonderful but it does take 25 to 30 minutes to get your food ... Even when it's not that busy.
4 So far so good! Only been there twice, once for breakfast and last night for dinner. True the prices are "fair",  but not an issue for good food. Which is what we found. Tasty and well prepared food, tho for breakfast I would like 2 slices of toast with my breakfast not just 1, and if they were open on Sundays for that breakfast out, I'd give them a full 5 stars!
2 French fries were very good, the rest was bland and boring. Took FOREVER to get our food.
5 Great cafe! One of my new favorites. Staff has always been very nice. Food has never disappointed.
4 We've eaten here a few times. Interesting menu with apples on things you wouldn't expect, like burgers, but it works. Great desserts too. Service a little slow but worth the wait.
1 We were really excited to find a place that wasn't a chain so close to our new home.   Reading the reviews we thought this was going to be a really good spot.   However,  we were not impressed with the quality.   For the price evening should have been hand made but my hamburger was from a frozen patty similar to what you would get at Sams Club.   The mac n cheese we ordered for our kids seemed like the version we make for them out of the quick single server microwave version.  My wife had a salad that looked pretty delicious but she said it was just ok.    The look and feel of the place was very nice.   And we were wondering if their breakfasts might be better.   Not sure if we are going to try.  Maybe if someone we know goes and highly recommends it.
5 I thought this was a nice restaurant!  The food was very good and was a great value!  Our server was very nice and helpful!  They also make there on fudge!  Although it was 10 in the morning I had to finish my breakfast with some ice cream!  We will be back even though we live 30 minutes away.
4 We randomly decided to come to this restaurant based on the suggestion of a friend.   We tried the Stellar's Apple Burger, Chicken Avocado Croissant, and topped it off with the pizookie for dessert.   The food was all great and the staff was great.
1 Tried this place again because I was dying for a chicken fried steak but it was the worst thing I've ever eaten. The waitress was very nice and gave me biscuits and sausage which were decent and didn't charge me for the steak. But overall still a major disappointment.   A month ago when my daughter was sick I ordered the chicken and dumpling soup but was grossed out when the guy bagging it up had dirty fingernails.   I would love for this place to improve since its literally across the street from my home.
5 Had Breakfast here with a couple. Was very surprised. Breakfast, lunch and Dinners. Everything from scratch!  Was surprised when the apples in my crepe were freshly sliced and cooked to soften. Not pie filling as I expected. Definitely a great place with a decent pricing on items.
3 I have been here a few different times and have mixed feelings about it.  There are times I would go and the food would be very good, while other times the food has been questionable.  During my last visit with my family, my son ordered a cheeseburger, as he had done during a past visit.  The burger came out cold and the cheese looks like it was place on top at the last minute.  It was still hard and cold and not melted on to the patty.  My wife had to ask the waitress to take it back to melt the cheese as it should on any normal cheeseburger.  On this visit, all of the food was extremely bland with little to no flavor.   Based on my last visit, I would probably rate a 2, but we have enjoyed the food on previous occasions, thus the 3 rating.  As a consumer I hope for consistency - good or bad.   It makes choosing whether to return or not much easier.  I'll likely use my next visit here as my final determination on whether I continue to frequent the establishment.
2 The food is usually very good however the service is terrible. You need to plan at least an hour for any meal.
5 This place is sensational. The food is amazing and the service is fantastic. I had this apple vinaigrette that reminded me of the apple orchards my parents would take me to as a kid back in Michigan. I highly recommend.
3 I was a little skeptical coming in because we were the only people there... and it was prime breakfast time on a Sunday morning. But it was this or McDonalds, so we gave it a shot. And by the time we left the place was getting pretty well packed.   Service was friendly, the food was good. I had the French toast - no whipped cream - and it was fluffy and not overly sweet. Also had a side of bacon that was a tad overdone but I like my bacon crispy anyway so not a big deal to me.   I would like to go back and give lunch a shot as well as the desserts. They have a ton of desserts as well as fudge in the display case and all sorts of ice cream.   I have to agree with my husband though, when we left he said he smelled like a deep fryer. As I sit here and type this, I can definitely smell fryer oil - maybe we eat outside next time?
3 The food is good, but the selection is limited.  Try the apple/ham sandwich - shockingly good.   Although the food is very tasty , the price is very high for what you get.
4 The Apple Dumpling Cafe was an awesome resteraunt! :D I ordered the waffle with chocolate chips baked into it. My meal was amazing!!! There were so many chocolate chips in that thing, everyone should eat here! IT'S SO AWESOMEEEE!!!   The bacon was cooked to perfection and my son couldn't stop talking about how wonderful the sausage was.
2 "STAY AWAY"---SHOULD HAVE GONE TO THE MCDONALDS that is there in the parking lot instead. First time going, will not be back.  My wife and I and our young son stopped in on a Sunday morning.  For being the only restaurant any where close except for McD's for b'fast we decided to give it a try.  At 8:00am no one was there, was not a good sign and we soon discovered why.  I ordered the chicken fried steak and it was pretty good.  The gravy had pieces of sausage in it and was also good.  The eggs were fluffy and light.  But the potatoes were sliced home fires style that appeared to have been re-warmed, possibly from the day before and just barely warm and was tough and chewy.  Not good at all.  The meal did not come with biscuits and gravy as a chicken fried streak should, not even toast was included.  Disappointed.  My wife had an omelet that only came with toast, nothing else.  Disappointed again.  My son ordered pancake on a stick with scrambled eggs.  The pancake on the stick was burnt and should not have been served to a customer.  I showed it to the waitress when she placed it on the table and she did not offer to replace it.  Disappointed for the third time.  After all the disappointments the bill was still nearly $30.00.  The place has so much potential of being a gold mine with the location but as the lack of people that was not there should have warned us to stay away.  WE WILL NOT BE BACK...
3 This is our second time at this restaurant.  Food was very good, service very good but dining area and bathroom a tad dirty.  The ceiling fans were either stopped or moving super slow and I could see mounds of dust on them - they are positioned right over tables where people are eating so was a little grossed out by that.  Nick nacky things in the bathroom also covered in thick dust as well as the exposed ventilation box for the soda/ice machine.  I'm a bit picky on the cleanliness of restaurants. I believe it shows a lack of caring if you can't at least keep the surface things clean. Even if the decor is a little outdated, if it would have been cleaner I would have given it five stars. The location of this place is fantastic and with a little more effort on the visual aspect of the store I believe it could be a gold mine as well as the other reviewer stated.  I wish them the best of luck and I truly hope they succeed in this tough business.
