5 Wow, I am so impressed!  I had a coupon from the 2009 Entertainment Book, and thought, why not go get 50% off a wash.  When I pulled up, I was helped right away, and quickly found out they do oil changes as well.  This was perfect, as I was more than a little overdue.   They did not try to scam me with additional charges, didn't even try to tell me my air filter needed to be replaced, which it didn't.  Usually, as a female, these lube places try and screw me six ways to Sunday.  Instead, they did a great job, and were quick too.  The car wash was great, my car looked as good as a 10 1/2 year old car can look.  The waiting room has an assortment of the usual weird toys, cards and car accessories.  The outside area where you wait for your car is a huge covered area with tons of seating.  This should be comfortable even on the hottest days.  They have compressed air and blow all the water out of the cracks on your car, so you don't get drips as soon as you walk away.    Everyone was polite, professional and it was a great value.  My car should be staying clean now that I found a great place to keep it that way.
1 This place is fucking annoying.   First of all, it's not on Priest. It's on Ray. So after I drove back and forth across the intersection three times, on a hunch I turned on Ray and shazaam, there it was.   Second: There is a sleazy jerk who came at me with the "excuse me, MISS, excuse me, MA'AM" line that sent my bullshit detector into the red zone. He proceeded to tell me that the chip in my glass isn't "that bad right NOW" but they can go ahead and contact my insurance company on my behalf to get it taken care of. Newsflash, fuckstick, there are no chips in my glass. Six pieces of glass on the car plus mirrors - no chips! Imagine that!   Third: I got the air filter upsell. The air filter is 4 months old.   One star goes to good vacuuming up the dog hair.
1 Go to classic car spa if you want to spend too much money on a crappy car wash. I have been going to this location for the past couple years, and it has been bought out and/or taken over by new ownership a couple times.   I used to get great service and a high quality wash, but lately it has been beyond disappointing. The sales people push you to upgrade your service, and then the extra you pay for doesn't get done.    In the past I would go there for an oil change, but got so frustrated by the mechanics trying to sell me on $300 in "necessary" services every time.   So I deciding to go to NAPA for my oil change, and asked them to look into some of the recommended services that Classic had pushed.... None of them needed to be done, seriously!!!  My last time visit (yesterday) was the final straw for me.  I asked the sales lady how long the basic wash would take and she said 15-20 minutes.  Then she said if I upgrade the premium it would only take an extra 5 minutes and I would get a complete interior dressing opposed to the standard wipe down and vacuum. So I went with this option (+$9).   45 minutes later my car was done and I took a quick look inside and they didn't even wipe down the center consol.   I asked the guy to take care of this, so he did and then I get in my car and drive away... as I am driving I look at the dash and dashboard and realize they didn't even wipe certain areas and there was definitely no "dressing".  They essentially gave me a half-ass basic car wash, charged me for a premium and took twice as long as they promised.  DO NOT GO THERE!!!
4 Hello,  I get gas here all the time and I use the frequent filler card to get free car washes. I think the service is a bit hit and miss, even for me, when almost everyone there knows me because i get so much gas there. I do like v power shell gas . i think i get much better performance and mileage from it. Anyway since i get my truck washed for free, (i upgrade to the number 2 for $3 so they will do my tires) I think they do a very good job.   Please if you go talk to Larry the the car wash guy! He is there tues-sat and he will take care of you. Try to go when they are not so busy then they tend to do a better job. If you tip them they always do a better job.   Quicktip: When you tip people that work for tips, (ie, the pizza guy who uses his own car to bring you your dinner as fast as possible so you dont have to go get it.) you tend to get better service for the tip you give. trust me if im bringin your pie and you dont tip i dont bring your pizza fast and then its cold. go figure. same thing here folks tip and you shall recieve! you hook them up they hook you up period!  Since is mostly hit and sometimes miss, and I sometimes have to deal with the windshield guys, (quicktip: just tell them you dont want thier crappy windshields and they leave you alone)i have to give it 4 instead of five stars.   review time!  curbage:5 (could be better) p factor: dont know never had to p there gas:10 carwash:8-9 (for$3 plus tip i dont complain) windshield guys:-400 (2 pushy) oil change: not sure (i do my own with amsoil)  late  gordo
1 I have an Audi 2004 A4 1.8T. I had a coupon from Living Social which gave me 3 supreme car washes. The first one was fine. There were certain areas that the cleaners didnt even look at. I was not that satisfied but I guess for the money I paid for all 3, it was worth it.  I went there for my 2nd car wash last Sunday and guess what? My car broke down. As soon as I came out and drove for a while, stopped at one or two traffic signals and accelerated again, it started jerking bigtime. I parked it and left it overnight. Next day, it wont even start anymore.  I am sure they didnt care while washing my car that they must have sprayed water in places it shouldnt have gone. I am getting my car towed to the mechanic tomorrow. Lets see how much it costs me to get it repaired now.   Sucks to the core!
1 As my previous rewiew said that I liked going here becasue they do a pretty good job for 3 clams I now say do not even think about even going here.  I bought a detail job from Larry, a guy who has treated me well. He has moved on to another wash. Anyway I finally took my truck for my detail job. CRAPPY! Didn't do my bed missed lots of spots and overall just a terrible job. When I showed them everything they missed and asked them to make it right, including doing the bed of my truck, which was promissed to me, they said "we did exactly what we were supposed to do" So i showed him the stack of frequent filler cards that I have from getting gas there, which probably add up to about $2000 dollars worth of gas or more, he said "So, my guys did thier job, and it is what it is"   This is totally unaceptable especially since I paid like $159 for that detail job. I can do it better at home in my garage and I am asking you not waste your money here. Do it at home yourself and save some scratch.  Late  Gordo
4 Wow, the other reviews slammed this place pretty hard! I don't have any complaints... It's a carwash. They cleaned my car just as advertised on the building :)  I haven't had the solicitations for glass chips, they do offer "upgrades" for details and such. No harm in turning them down if you don't want the extras.   Maybe they've gone through turnover and its worth another shot?
3 I have been here twice, and they really try and up sell you.  But, if you're firm that you're not interested in additional services, they back off - no biggie.  The first car service I got was for a full service wash, I think the "complete" package and added carpet shampoo detail service.  They did a great job...too bad there was a dust storm 2 days later!!  Second visit was again  for the "complete" package, and again, great job.  Waiting room has the usual stuff to buy, car fresheners, greeting cards, etc. Flat screen TVs. Free WiFi.  There is shaded waiting areas outside as well.  I wouldn't call it a great value. There are definitely comparable car , washes out there that are cheaper, but this location is personally convenient for me.  They have a 48 hour rain policy.  Bring in your receipt if it rains within 48 hours of your car wash, and they will wash the exterior again at no charge.
2 quite quick but crappy car wash...
1 Been here before with fair results, but this time was the worse. Got an oil change and inside detail to get my carpets cleaned. They took over 2 hours,  and got  the big stain, but was far from clean. Supervisor? Guy in detail lied to my face about how long my car was in detail and seemed to suggest that I wash my carpets weekly ( like he does on his $50,000 car) so they wouldn't get dirty. Additionally the oil change area gave my bill to someone else and took a while to get it straight. The other guy got charged for my detail and so did I. Hope he got his money back.  Won't be back.
2 I wanted a simple oil change with a free basic wash. I didnt like trying to be upsold at every corner. I am pretty sure I was asked 10 times for additional services or upgrades. NO THANK YOU. The glas guys was WAY TOO PUSHY. It took 45 minutes for the oil change and wash. Wash was decent for being free with oil change. I probably will not go back.
3 The short version: They do a very decent job washing the car.  And they do it faster, while probably using less water than I could do in my own driveway.  And let's face it- we live in a desert; water conservation is important.  If you needed a place to get your car washed and/or waxed after a haboob or monsoon- give them a try.  And by the way, if I can go off on a tangent for a moment, can I just say that one of the reasons I love Arizona is that barring one of those two events, you really only have to wash your car once a month!  Anyway...  -----  The longer version: Classic Car Spa was recommended to me by a self-described car nut, though this was not the location he goes to.  I figured if they all had the same name, they'd all run the same, right?  And besides, do I really want to drive 20 miles just to get my car washed?  It turns out that results may vary by location.  I'm in my car all the time.  I have to be.  So it has to be clean.  At my friend's suggestion, I went there in December and ended up pre-purchasing all the washes and waxes for the 2012.  I got a little discount, and told them they should sell the package as the road warrior special, but if they did that, I expected a cut for suggesting it.  I've been there every month since.  They are quick, courteous, and efficient.  The only issue I have-and it's a small but important one- is that they seem to have issues with cars with pushbutton start in lieu of a traditional key.  One time, they thought they "locked" the key in the car (which is impossible to do).  The next time, to prevent locking the key in the car, they left the key at the beginning of the tunnel, so by the time it got to the other end, the car stalled out (due to no key being detected) and brought the line to a halt.  In talking to them most recently, they mentioned that they are under new management, and along with new management comes some new policies and procedures, so this may become a nonissue soon, and I'll update my review then.  -----  Bottom line, you could do a lot worse for a full service car wash.  You could always go to one of those do-it-yourself bays, and it'd be cheaper, but then you're the one drying and detailing the car after the wash... so it's kind of a wash (pun intended).
1 AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!! If I could give this place zero stars I would.  This is going to be a long crappy review, but the summary is do NOT take a vehicle to this place if you want it to be cleaned.    I came to this car wash on a referral from a friend to get my vehicle, a 2005 Chrysler 300c, detailed.  I met the sale person at the front lanes and he sold me on a $240 dollar detail and stated they would clean the vehicle from bumper to bumper.  I made sure to point out area's on the interior which I wanted cleaned including hang grime on the steering wheel, dirty carpet and the front leather seats which were dirty from a couple years of use.  The guy stated they could handle getting all of those area's cleaned, "No problem", and went on to tell me that its usually the red drink stains in the carpet that won't come out easily, which he did not see in my vehicle.  I again clarified that the seats, steering wheel and normal dirt in the carpets are what I really wanted cleaned.  I told him I didn't care that much about the outside, or about the engine bay at all.  I asked if they could just not clean the engine and he stated it was basically just a pressure washer off after degreasing it.  About 5 hours after I dropped my vehicle off the guy called and stated it was ready to be picked up.  I arrived about an hour after the phone call.  I looked at the outside of my car and noticed the clay bar polish looked good but the windows looked dirty as I walked up.  I then looked in the driver's door and was almost speechless.  The fronts seats had not been cleaned and it looked like they had just sprayed armor all on them.  The carpet was wet, but all of the dirt was still there.  I refused to sit in the car because I thought my clothes would get all shiny from the grease on the seats.  One of the detailers popped the hood as I stood there and I stood there trying not to freak out.  A female, who I later found out was the manager, whistled when the guy popped the hood and said, "Sure is shiny" as we both looked into the puddle's of grease all over my engine.    At this point I felt my car was actually dirtier now then when I brought it in to get detailed.  I looked inside of the driver's door again, and I guess the manager could see the disgust on my face and asked what was wrong.  I pointed to the obvious area near the door lock on the door panel which was still dusty and had not even been wiped and said theres a good start.  Then I pointed at the seats which were still dirty,  the dirt on the center console, the greasy overspray all over my radio, the dirt on the arm rest and the dirty carpets.    The manager said, "Oh, usually my guys do a better job than this."  I asked for my floor mats, and the manager told a guy to go get them because they forgot to put them back in the car.  The guy gets the floor mats and casually throws them on the back seats, which had just been "detailed".  I got the floor mats, popped the trunk to put them inside, and looked to find the trunk hadn't even been vacuumed out.  There was still dust and dirt all over it.  I called the manager over and she said they would take care of it right away. I told her I had bought a $240 detail, not a $20 driver thru wash and that I was very disappointed.  I said to her I would give the detail a 3 out of 10.  The manager replied that if I brought my car back in a day or two she would have one of her guys "FINISH" the detail.  I told her that was unacceptable and I shouldn't have to bring my car back.  She replied if I left it for a couple more hours today, they would finish the detail.  So after 3 more hours the manager calls to say my car is ready.  I show up and they had done a better job on the seats and carpet, but they still weren't at a professional detail level.  They had now literally covered the dash and door panels with armor all.  The was puddles of the crap in the window switches and it was running down the air vents.  The steering wheel was still dirty and they hadn't even cleaned the inside of the windows.  I told the manager to give me my keys and I left as soon as I possible could.  I left immediately because I was afraid I might actually start yelling and trying to fight the diminished mental capacity detailer and manager who had now officially made my car dirtier than when I brought it in.  I had the pleasure of stopping at an auto supply store and buying leather cleaner and conditioner and interior cleaner, so that when I got home I could clean off the grease all over the interior.  I called the corporate manager who never apologized for the horrible service.  Instead he just stated he would come get my vehicle from my house and take it to get detailed at another Classic Car Spa.  I told him there was no chance in hell of him or any Classic Car Spa employee's ever touching my vehicle again.  After he refused to give me a refund, I hung up and called my credit card to dispute the charges.  AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!
4 Been going there for a couple of months.  Nice and clean facility.   Great management.   Had one of my staff members van detailed.   They took a Massachusetts vehicle that was salt infested, scratched and needed cleaning on the inside.   They made the van look like new.....took out the surface scratches and made it look like new inside and out.  They get you in and out pretty quick.   For a quick wash....they do a good job.  Watch for the Groupons that they offer......it is a great deal.
1 I always take a day before I write a negative review - I want it to be thought-out rather than reactionary.   This place has poor service. Since I was having the car washed to thank someone for letting me borrow it, I paid for the most expensive basic wash (24.99) and asked that they at least make sure they vacuum the car thoroughly, including under the floor mats. When I picked up the car, the windows were smudged and there was dirt all over. I didn't want to spend any more time there, so I left. You're better off taking your vehicle to a self-wash place.  Not a horror story, but definitely not worth the money. Find somewhere else.
2 They hand-wash, and they are quick. The car is not all that clean though, even compared to other hand-wash places for the same price..  I would not go for anything more than a quick wash.   They try to upsell, but I told them that the reviews on yelp indicated the detailing work was no good.  So this is not the right place for detailing.    The place is very nice and clean. They do oil changes too. Too bad the quality of work is not good.   I will be back, unless I can find another hand-wash place.
1 Yesterday was my second experience with Classic Car Spa, first at this particular location. Once again I was disappointed and wasted 2 hours of my life. They always have a third party glass sales to point out all your glass imperfections (and at my first visit, the gentleman was forward, suggestive, and suggested an adult meet up) I waited for 1.5 hrs for a 20 min car wash. When I finally asked to speak with the manager (the cashier was less than competent with my inquiries and complaints) he explained that it was his initial check in employee that failed to do his job, costing me an additional 60 minutes of waiting for my vehicle. I asked him if he could somehow make up the time this mistake cost me, explaining that I did not want to come back, and he offered me $5 off my next wash. I am extremely hesitant to ever attempt another car wash at this location, or at another Classic Car Spa. He then walked me out to my car, at which point I once again noticed that the level of "Supreme Wash" is very minimal, pathetic at best. My hood, windows and doors were covered with spots that I was able to rub off with the pad of my finger, no nail required. When I asked about the spots, he explained that to remove these spots I would need to pay extra for a "detail" service. So my $24.99 Supreme Wash was not enough to actually clean my car, that costs extra. He did ask an employee over to clean the blatant huge bug spots off my front bumper and grill before I left. He then took the opportunity to upsell me to a "buff" job to remove all the scratches on my paint. He's right, I do need that, but there is no way I am trusting that job to this location. Overall, the exterior received a superficial "wash" and some Armor All on the tires to make them look shiny. The windshield was also covered in spots, possibly sap. The interior was rubbed down with an Armor All rag, and all the lint, hairs and dust were still there, just smeared around on the now shiny surfaces. I will say that they did vacuum, that was one successful job. Overall, once again the experience was a painful and frustrating waste of time. I wish I had gone to a drive through $6 car wash because my car always looks better after those. Somehow the spots come off through those...huh. And it takes all of 5 minutes of my life. My advice, find a faster, cheaper option OR find a location that will be worth the money and time you spend to get the job done right.
2 The good, the bad and the ugly.    This place has a convenient location, nice clean gift and snack shop and inviting interior.   There is a Shell Convenience store next door that is one of the larger and nicer ones I've seen.  If you are on the run for unusual greeting cards, quick snacks or just an express drive thru wash, I can recommend this portion of it.    I cannot recommend the full service washes because my truck came out dirty.  There were marks on the windows that I had to point out to have re-done and even so, it was still not right on my side windows.  The whole back of my truck was left dripping wet and my Tonneau cover is filthier than when it went in.  Not impressed and I will not be going back for a full service car wash here, probably ever.  That is too bad.
5 Just purchased my third groupon for this place so that puts me on wash seven to indicate my experience level. I go to the Location on Ray. Car always comes out clean. They typically offer me an upgrade but not as pushy as most places which is nice. They hand scrub each car which is unique.
1 Slow slow slow slow slow. Found this place looking for a dannys car wash, for an oil change.  Oils been done cars been washed, can't even pay, it's been over half hour wtf is happening 0.0 come on ppl. Not coming back. Plus this place is more expensive ...
2 Gave this place one more try. My car waited 10 min after wash before any attendants started rewetting it and drying it. Skeletal crew. More expensive than other places so won't be coming back.
1 They rip you off for oil changes. Also, the guys are total salesmen. I would go somewhere else.
