5 Stephanie is my hair goddess. I love her. I tell her what I want and she does it 10 times better than what I had hoped for. Everyone needs to go to True Aveda. I see Stephanie, but all the girls seem wonderful!!
2 One of my biggest pet peeves about moving to a new city is having to find new personal service providers, and I especially dislike finding a new hair stylist. I'm a big fan of Aveda products, so I usually stick to Aveda salons and, for the most part, have found success in the strategy.  True pretty much fit the mold of other Aveda salons I've been to- a modern, warm, earthy feeling to the interior and the signature scents of Aveda products. My stylist, Norma, was super sweet and friendly, but was pretty fresh out of cosmetology school which made me a tad nervous.  My cut and color requirements are pretty basic and Norma did a fine job, though my hair was significantly drier after receiving partial highlights than it had ever been before. Nothing was mentioned about the dryness, no offer of a hydrating treatment or anything, so I'm assuming it went unnoticed.  The one thing that seriously irked me about this place is that they require a credit card to hold the appointment. When I made my appointment, the receptionist flatly explained that the full amount of my cut and color would be charged in the event of a no-show. I've never had to provide a credit card to hold a hair appointment before and it was pretty annoying to be treated like someone who would flake before I even had a chance to prove myself as a customer (and I have NEVER flaked on a hair appointment, EVER).
5 I was in a bind because the stylist I have been seeing for over 6 years decided to leave me and move to Utah.  Stephanie at Aveda came highly recommended to me by a close friend, so I decided to give her a try.  I am happy to announce that I now have a new stylist, and (dare I say) she is WAY better than my previous one!!!  I really can't say enough good things about Stephanie.  She's super helpful, does a great job and is a blast to talk to as she works her magic!  I'm now telling all my friends to run to her before she is all booked up.
1 New Owner and some not so great stylists! Great Clips talent! Not only did the stylist not listen to me saying shoulder length my hair cut is not even close to what I said or showed her. My haircut is something my 65 year old mom would rock! Now how does edgy turn into grandma! I knew something was wrong when she didnt seem to understand I have curly hair!!!
1 I have been looking for a good hair stylist in Las Vegas.  I brought a Groupon for $79 that included a haircut, botanical hair therapy and FULL highlights.  Based on the reviews, I made an appointment with Alis.    Alis was very nice, but things went down hill quickly.  She said since my hair was thick I'd have to pay extra for full highlights or have less done all over.  Mind you I paid for FULL highlights.  The style of highlights I got was NOTHING close to the photos I showed her.  She "trimmed" maybe half my hair, leaving lots untouched.  I still had dead ends.  And my partial highlights were very uneven, and some a quarter inch from my roots, some more, some less.  Plus the highlights are only on the shortest layer, 4 inches shorter than the longest dark hair.     2 days later, I had an appointment to fix my hair and get a real cut.  I was told it would be at no extra charge.  Karly was my stylist.  She said to get closer to the colors in the photo and damage it less, she would dye my hair and just do highlights on the top.  She went to mix the color and came back to tell me it would be an additional $65 to dye!  The color ended up being much darker than the photos.  The highlights were the same color, only less, a 3x3 inch section on the top of my head.  It was almost skunk like.   30 min after leaving, my scalp was a little tingly, so I rub the underside of my hair and there is TONS of dye still caked in my hair!  How did she miss that when she was cutting and styling it???    $144 later, I hated my hair, dry, not close to what I wanted, sloppy job by both, and I never got the full highlights I paid for.  (See the photo of each stage of my hair).   I just wanted to cry.  Now I have to pay someone else to process my hair for a 3rd time to fix the ugly mess they did.  There might be some good stylists there, but I would not take the chance again.    I've called True Aveda three times asking for my money back... I'm still waiting for the owner, Amber, to call me back...    On an upside, I found Jessica at Boulevard Salon, who fixed my hair!  She said she's gotten other business from True Aveda for the same reason.  Update - I did finally get my refund, after repeated phone calls.  And a month later I received an apology email from the owner through Yelp.
2 Average salon...average service. Stylists are simple and friendly but lacking great skills. Went in for a color, being a stylist from L.A. myself, i wanted to try the Aveda color system as i was considering becoming an Aveda stylist in hopes of living a more holistic life. The consultation went well with a very friendly and seemingly knowledgeable stylist. Booked the appt with the next avail stylist as she assured me all stylists were qualified and experienced. So, my main concern was quality of color....i.e. fading and dullness. The color came out nice and it was not dull but it did feel dry...especially when i washed. The least appealing part of the service was the styling....lame blowdry and style. Ive had better blowouts in a beauty school. Must say Im bummed and dont think I will ever use Aveda again. I have been a Redken colorist for most of my years as a stylist and never had such a dry feeling in my hair from simple color process. I have bleached and toned my hair with much better results from redken.
2 High price for average service. I love Aveda but I was not blown away by this place.
4 They did a great job on my hair, and I have very long and thick blonde hair.  There was a slight smudge on my highlights where the bleach leaked out of the foils, but it wasn't due to lack of skill or attention.  Other than that my experience was great and I was very happy to have used my Groupon.  It's about as expensive as other Aveda salons, but you definitely get quality products and service for the money.
4 i went to true aveda today and i absolutely love my hair cut. kayla did a wonderful job. i had a hard time articulating what i had in mind but she did it exactly how i wanted. i had been here a couple times before, and i have never been disappointed.
5 The salon is 5 stars. My wife has been getting her hair cut there for a long time and the girls in reception are fantastic and particularly her hairdresser is exceptional. It's a neat building and the salon is clean and friendly. Makes my wife look like a star and for that I am grateful..
4 I love this salon, the staff is friendly and fun and most importantly Stephanie is awesome.  My color and cut are gorgeous and she is so fun to chat with. Look forward to my visits to this awesome salon.  Love Aveda products too.
1 This salon is now under new management and I received a nice message asking if there is anything they can do to make my experience right.  Unfortunately the damage to my hair is already done and I don't feel comfortable taking the chance there again, especially since both stylists are still there.  I appreciate their willingness to fix my problems.  Hopefully this is a sign of a turnaround for True Aveda.
5 Had a fabulous experience at True Aveda!  Really great environment! The front desk staff was helpful and friendly and very knowledgable of the aveda products. The color and cut I  got there is the best I have ever received. The stylist I had was very helpful with which direction to go with my haircut since i was torn between 2 styles.  Loved my experience at Aveda True, would highly recommend it!
5 Ali is simply the best. She's professional, friendly, and knows her stuff! I have been getting my hair cut by her for two years now and every time I leave the salon I am beyond happy with the results. If you're looking for an amazing blow dry, go to her! She will make your hair look healthy, full, and shiny.. And her blow drys lasts for days. She is a great hair stylist... The only person I will ever let touch my hair.
5 Having just moved to Vegas from Boston not too long ago I put off getting a hair cut for some time. I'm very picky when it comes to hair stylists. I have to have someone that can cut and dye my hair just the way I like it and have a great personality. I hit the lottery when comes to hairdressers!! I booked an appointment at a salon and met Brittany. She listened to what I said I wanted and went above and beyond. I loved my hair so much that when she moved to a new salon I followed her here.  My first visit to True aveda Lifestyle was very pleasant. I even met the new owner and thought highly of her.  I will definitely be recommending this salon to all the girls I work with and also to book with Brittany :)
5 First visit to this Salon after following my beloved Brittany H. to her new place. The salon was nice, I was greeted immediately and felt very welcome. I am a long time loyal client of Brittany H. and of course my service that day (cut and color) was exceptional! If you are looking for someone that knows what they are doing and is friendly and attentive-Brittany is your girl! Worth every penny!!
1 I used a groupon on Valentines day for $79.00 for cut, special conditioning treatment and full highlights.I saw Karly. I gave her a picture of exactly the color I wanted and the cut. She bleached my highlights in and rubbed in the color I wanted for the highlights. I'm not sure maybe she didn't leave it in long enough but I didn't end up with the red highlights I wanted, just blonde highlights. Just so I am clear I left the salon with red tinted highlights, waited two days to wash with aveda shampoo and conditioned...and had blonde highlights two days after. I have never had this happen at any other aveda salon and I have been to many here in Vegas for the same service. I never received any special conditioning treatment. Believe me if I could post the picture of what I wanted and what I got you would think twice about venturing to this salon....even with a groupon! I have always loved the aveda salon in the green valley district and will just stick with what I know from now on.
5 I've been getting my hair cut by Ali for 2 years now and have never been disappointed. I followed her to True Aveda and love this new place!  Super bright, clean, and everyone working there (that I have interacted with) have been helpful and kind.  I have never had a hairdresser like Ali, truly. She takes the time to listen to what you want...and if you're like me and never really know what you want, she can help you figure that out too.  She has great judgement and is honest, which I feel is a very important quality in a hair stylist. She doesn't want you walking away with an ugly cut any more than you would want to walk away with an ugly cut. (Or color.) Also, she is amazingly talented and great at what she does. I have 2 friends that go to her as well, both with very different hair than mine and they too are always super happy with their hair.  If she is booked up she has people working there that she can recommend in good faith knowing they will do a good job as well.  Definitely take a chance and come here if you are looking for a new stylist.  Remember, it's under new management as of a few months ago so don't write it off based on old/bad reviews. It's a new place!
5 Ali is the best! A true professional she is on top of the latest trends and always knows exactly what my hair needs. I have been a client of Ali's for 2 years and would follow her anywhere. She is incredible with color and her haircuts are perfection. I have referred several people to Ali and every single person feels the same as I do! I highly recommend Ali and True Aveda Salon.
5 This is a great salon! Always neat and clean, the staff always professional and friendly. I personally have had the pleasure of using Ali as my stylist and I just love her patience and suggestions when I'm looking for something new in a cut and style. She never disappoints! Elise is also amazing! My friend has been using her for quite some time and loves her!!
5 I have been a client of Ali's for I think 6 years now? She has such talent and knowledge I am proud to call her my hair stylist and feel lucky that her life is here where she can assist me with my hair. The True Aveda staff is also amazing. They all have talent, knowledge and passion that every salon should have. Even if I lived on the other side of the city I would still come here. Crystal is the best for an eyebrow wax and Whitney always makes you feel at home. If you're looking for a place this is it!
5 I just had to stop and take a moment to write a review about the stellar service I received from Colleen this morning. I was worried sick since I have moved out here to Vegas from Orange County that I was never going to find a stylist comparable to my last. I dare say Colleen may even be better. I am absolutely floored in the utmost ecstatic way imaginable. She was so thorough, precise, and talented. I am a very unique client who is severely allergic to hair dye(die!) and she was so gentle and made sure to never let the foils touch my scalp even when it came down to toning she took her time massaging it only through the ends. I have the EXACT shade of ash blonde that I have so desperately been seeking and I couldn't be more thrilled. She was so efficient that I just had to take the time to let others know what a phenomenal hair stylist she is. You can trust in her, have no worries :)
5 So the only thing I will warn you about is the tea. Please don't drink it. It's scary! Now on to some real things to keep in mind. Ask for Crystal! She is the best! She's taken me from jet black to a near platinum blonde without any crazy damage to my hair! She razor cuts like a pro and can do some great keratin tip extensions! I swear she is the only reason to come here! The place is clean, the front desk staff are friendly and the salon itself is very nicely done! Just don't drink the tea and your hair appt should run smoothly!
5 I am very picky with my hair.  Ever since I moved to Las Vegas from Oklahoma by hair went completely dry! My ends were gross.This place was recommended by a friend and I love it. My hairstylyst, Brittany, was so amazing. She took the time to listen to how I wanted my hair and tailored my visit to the needs of my hair. The first visit with her I wasn't completely satisfied with my layers even though they looked great,  so she let me come back a couple days later to cut some more off. She got my hair healthy again.
5 I love coming here. I feel relaxed as soon as I walk in the door. The place smells wonderful--you think you've walked into a spa. I've come twice for a haircut and once for brow waxing, and I've been very happy each time.   The stylists really, really listen to you when you explain what you want, and they don't rush you like at other salons. Today I got bangs cut. My stylist was very thorough in discussing my options, and she made absolutely sure they were at the length I wanted. I am very happy with the results, and I look forward to going back in a few weeks for a trim :)
1 I just want to start this by saying how unbelievably shocked I am at the complete turn around in quality I received upon my second visit. The hair dresser, Colleen, who I really adored, admittedly did not put enough bleach into my foils, thus turning my hair an incredibly brassy color. I specifically asked her to mix the level 9 ash base with the level 10 so that it would be equal parts half and half.  I really don't understand how that was so confusing but what she ended up doing was mixing blue and violet tones with a clear ZERO base.... Umm why!?? So my hair looked horrible! I said no no no this isn't what I wanted, and she said well we can put the mix that you requested but it will have a blue tint is that okay? Me:yes. My hair turned out bright blue!!! So we used a deep detoxifying shampoo, and she placed the toner on a third time thus frying my hair, and since we used the detox shampoo and so much time had passed by this point my hair did not take to the toner, I was in a rush to get to work and just thankful that the bright blue hair was gone. Needless to say my hair was BEYOND FRIED! I had to leave for my birthday cruise the next day where you can imagine how many pictures are taken. So embarrassing. I looked like emineum, there was absolutely zero ash to my hair. So when I returned home I tried to be as patient and understanding as possible because I really did like Colleen. She had me come in for a follow up consult and placed a leave in moisturizer in my hair. Didn't really do that much but made a slight improvement. I was told I had to wait 3 weeks by this point??? What??!! My hair looks horrible and my cruise was already ruined due to how self conscious I was and I have to go three more weeks??? After consulting with another stylists they told me that I absolutely should be given my money back and that I should be outraged, business comes first, don't let someone walk all over you. They made a mistake and the fact that they didn't offer to refund your money on the spot is baffling. I have called multiple times this month and discussed the situation with the store manager: Whitney. She informed me and I quote, "that it really sucks because the owner Darron is so hard to get ahold of" umm what kind of business is this??? As I'm writing this review Darron has finally called me, after only a month. He calls, introduces himself, and then asks me to wait on hold for like 3 minutes. This is just getting more obscure by the day. He asked me to send my picture to him but he doesn't remember the email so he's going to have Whitney call me back. I honestly don't have time for this BS and I hope that you take into consideration when visiting this store the possible risk you are taking. God forbid anything misfortunate happens you are screwed. I sent the email with the photos after Whitney called me. Never heard back from him. Weeks later called the store back and spoke with the manager who told me he was actually just about to call me! Never did. I am so frustrated and pissed off that I had to pay my hard earned money to a place that caused such a disaster to my self esteem and work performance. I truly recommend thinking twice before coming here. This establishment is not run with the integrity you would expect from the iconic image of Aveda. I am deeply disappointed and this location has definitely marred my trust in the ethics of the company all together.
1 Don't even try to make a massage appointment here. They cancelled me two Saturdays in a row.
5 I usually see Stephanie, who always does an amazing job!! Love her work! I was out of town and got my hair done at a new place which turned out terrible. I called true Aveda begging for an appt with Stephanie but found out she was going to be out for a few months so I was set up with Janet. Right away Janet was on the same page to help fix my disaster. She got exactly what I wanted! Took her time and made suggestions to make it perfect! She was extremely sweet and did an amazing job! Thank you Janet!!
5 Karly was amazing!  I told her what I wanted and she made it happen.  Next time I'm in Vegas I'll make sure to schedule with her
4 Taylor did an awesome job. She really did her best to go for the look I wanted. And she was really nice. Great customer service.
1 Erica is dishonest!!!! Erica didn't tell me beforehand about the amount of product being used. Overpriced and subpar color and cut. I have had a better haircut in Chinatown. Please go elsewhere for Aveda products or salon. In addition, I can still see my old highlights in my hair... :'(  A botanical treatment can't fix my dismay over this horrendous experience.
5 This is a very immaculate salon and I love the products used here. I am going back blonde and Erica did a fantastic job by adding lots of blonde throughout and I left with soft and conditioned hair. She knows her colors and product line very well, and it was an enjoyable experience; I will definitely go back to her!
1 This is a forum to discuss my OPINION about an establishment! I truly dislike True Salon. If I am talking to a manager, I would hope the problem would be rectified. But instead I have been continuously insulted and questioned about whether or not I have had my hair cut or colored, or whether or not the service fits my budget. Please don't harass me via Yelp message, leave me alone. If you truly cared about customer satisfaction, you would have fixed the problem. But instead your dishonesty, elitist attitude, and lack of customer service will guarantee that I will never step foot in this horrid place again.  ZERO STARS!!!  :(
