1 I was soooo disappointed!  We went here because it was close and I THOUGHT I read something positive about it.  So we decided to try this place.  Horrible choice!  The friendly greeting was not.  "What can I get ya?" I don't know if that was a waitress or the bartender but she seemed irritated. Hoping for a creative drink menu (which is what I heard) I was so disappointed..  We tried the Blueberry Lemonade.. not bad if you like super sweet and syrupy.  I don't but that was the only slightly creative drink on there. Then hoping the food would make up for it, we ordered from the menu.  Actually, we thought it was the bar menu and learned it was the actual restaurant menu.. disappointment number ?  Typical bar food.  So, expecting good bar food I ordered onion rings.  Ooops, sorry, out of onion rings.. what? They can't cut up some onions.. NO, because most likely it is a frozen bag of onion rings.  Ok, I'll try Buffalo wings.  Can't go wrong with that right? Wrong! Another frozen bag with a sad excuse for sauce and watery ranch.. it actually just tasted like milk.  My husband ordered their raw tuna concoction and said I shouldn't even try it because it seemed a bit old.. and I'm sensitive to old fish.. that's ok with me.  So, here's the suggestion..DON'T GO THERE!
5 We discovered the BAR a few weeks ago and LOVE IT!  the service is great!  we love Cathy and Charly and everyone has been nice.    In vegas most bars that have poker machines just take your money for the free drinks.  These machines actually PAY.  we've always left a winner and one day i even got 4- 4ofakinds in one day.   the food is YUMMY,  you can build your own sandwich, or chose from some creative options.    Its close to home, affordable, and friendly.  what more could you ask for?
4 The bar.  Yep, that's the name of this place.  Creative, eh?  Well, they keep with the theme inside.  There's 2 sections of this place, a bar area and a restaurant area.  Bar area is called "The Bar" and restaurant area is called, "The Restaurant".  When you go to the restroom the sign says, "The Restroom".  At least they keep it consistent.  So this is a local regulars spot for sure.  It has a cheers kinda feel, because everyone who walks in is recognized by the bartenders, and when they walk in the bartenders will yell hello to them using their first name... "Hi James!".  When we sat down the bartender was quick to reach out her hand and introduce herself, and ask our names too. Obviously, this is how they get to know everyone's name.  Came in for Sunday Football.  Lots of TV's.  Accommodating bartenders with changing the channel as needed.  Lots of machines at the bar so you can gamble and watch and smoke and drink and eat if you want.  Sensory overload ... love that!  PS - I saw a bartender taking shots on the DL without involving customers or anything.  I'm all for a wasted bartender but why don't you at least have some shots with the regulars?
5 The Bar is exactly as described below. Great food, great atmosphere, great people, not to mention the place is beautiful. The entire building is constructed in a red stone which comes from Las Vegas Rock located in Jean, NV. The outdoor patio which is equipped with a fire pit is pet friendly. The bar is a local bar for sure, and the dinning room is beautiful with a home like feel. The service is great, and sometimes if you are lucky the owners will run your food. This place rocks, there is no doubt about it. The bartenders will make you whatever drink you want and the servers will do their best to have the chef prepare and modify anything you are looking for to eat. There are tons of machines in the bar along with smoking and a jukebox. Hours of operation for the dinning room are 8AM-9PM M-F, and 7AM-10PM Sat & Sun. The Bar is open 24/7 and food is available to order and pick up 24/7. These are some of my favorite menu items below.  For Breakfast: The Huevos Rancheros $9 For Lunch: The Philly (their chef is from Philly) $8 For Dinner: The Carne Asada $21.50  Prices range from $5-$38 (the 22 oz Ribeye is the most expensive thing on the menu)  **ALSO, EVERY bottle of wine is half off on Saturdays, every Saturday, all year long!
4 My whole family LOVES The Bar. They have great food, a classy and clean environment, and a friendly and helpful staff. They have a great menu with a lot of options, and will accommodate special requests and changes happily. I highly recommend the mini corn dogs, tempura asparagus, and chicken bites.
5 THE best bar in Henderson! The staff is super friendly, the food is AMAZING, and the people are fun to talk to!! I LOVE this place!
5 The Bar is an amazingly great find. While it is a locals hang, outsiders and visitors are welcomed with open arms. I get a sense if someone comes back a few times it would be easy to be considered a "local". The food is great, the bartenders are super friendly and the owners are cool. Try the sliders, the wings, the steak and the new Cuban sandwich. Bring your A game, a great attitude and you will have fun. Be sure to play the machines and tip and you won't be disappointed.
4 This was today's sunday football watching spot:  *Football setup: awesome. They have sunday ticket and 3-6 games are visible on flatscreens depending on where you sit. *Atmosphere: Bland (marroon walls and not much else), but it did have a certain sophisitcated feel. *Beers: 18 on tap. Stella was $4.50/pint. No football specials - WTF. I will say my Stella was served in a REALLY COLD glass, so major points for that. *Food: Sadly the cool entrees (carbonara, etc) are only served after 4 PM, so we were limited to bfast or bar food. We tried a platter called "the Goods". Buffalo chicken bites, pulled pork potato skins, and mini corn dogs. All were fabulous (duh, it's fried stuff!), but they do get special props for the pulled pork potato skins. They were relatively original (don't see those much) and quite tasty!  A nice local alternative to PT's and the usual suspects. I'm anxious to get back to try their banana brioche french toast and the carbonara on the dinner menu. Still bummed they don't have footballs specials!
5 I have driven by this spot many times, and finally decided to go for dinner late last night.  "The Restaurant", which is adjacent to "The Bar" serves the exact same food, but is closed at 10pm most nights.  "The Bar" however is open 24 hours and serves the exact same food.  It was great!! Comfortable atmosphere, great service.  I had the tomato soup with grilled cheese and a Chairman Salad, which was amazing.  I am not a huge salad fan, but in my attempt to be healthy, I ordered it.  Probably one of the best salads I've ever had.  Perfect meal!! I am probably going back again tonight for more!
4 The environment is great n the bartender n waitress were so wonderful. Have to try their french toast w/ bananas on top because its so good.
5 Great food and service. We love this place.
2 Yes, this place is out in the middle of nowhere. . . nothing else around it.  I read the reviews and thought I'd give it a try with a couple of friends. The bar is fine if there are few people, but once there were more than a handful, it was a different story. We were asked to move because one of our seats at the bar was in front of a slot machine. I was playing and my friend said that he'd put a couple of dollars in but the waitress disapproved so we had to move to the back.  I think there's better service at a PT's...
2 visited the bar wanting to go to the restaurant next door. The sign on the for said it opens at 9 am & it was 930 & the door was still locked. Decided to try the Bar. Smelled smokey. I'll let you know about the food....ok, I now have finished my food.  Food was good, but not great.  I'm still a lil irriatated that the restaurant side wasn't open when advertised.  Would I visit here again??? Probably not.
3 This location is not the greatest; however, it is off the strip and a relaxing, chill place to hang out if that is what you are seeking. The servers are nice, food was good; however, I was not impressed with the drinks. I asked for one Margarita, tasted horrible, so I had a glass of wine instead. There is not a lot of room for plenty of people, so it may feel a little tight.   Overall not too bad of a place, there may better out there, but for a quick stop at a bar, or a place to hang out with a friend, this may work for you =)
4 great place good food and @ 3:00am RYE did a good job.
4 Everytime we drive by this place on our way to the M we say we are going to stop in.  The other day we finally did.  I have to say that most of the reviews for this place were absolutely worthless so I really didn't know what to expect.  First off, this place is very dark but that doesn't really bother me.  I can drink beer in the dark.  The beer prices are pretty good.  $3.75 for a domestic 16 ounce and I think $5 for an import.  They also have 22 ounce glasses for only a buck or so more.  They have about 12 beers on tap including Newcastle, Ranger IPA, and another Brown Ale I've never heard of.  Their bottle selection seemed to be a little bigger and I saw they had one offering of Stone, not sure which one.  The waiter for our group of five was on top of it and we drink a fair amount.  At our table we had wings, boneless wings, a bbq burger, a patty melt, tater tots, fries, and nachos.  I tried most of the food and we all seemed to agree that all of it was pretty great.  The boneless wings were a little dry and the sourdough on my patty melt was a little too toasted.  Other than that, we were pretty pleased.  They have a happy hour M-F from 3-6 that seemed pretty awesome.  $2 light beers and some cheap food.
4 Great food, Great atmosphere. Weather you want the vampire no sunlight bar, or the nice dinning room and patio. Food Speaks for itself. I have never had anything bad here for either Breakfast, lunch or dinner it's all good!
5 Late night industry
4 I had the pleasure of coming here for dinner on New Year's Eve after a long adventure with a friend (!) who happened to be a girl (!!!).  Already in a chipper mood, the service was slow but the company was good, and the food just happened to be delicious.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich which was exquisite for $8; she had the salmon, which at $17 was a little on the expensive side, but tasted wonderful nonetheless.  A memorable experience on my part.
5 LOVE this place!! The food is AMAZING and the prices are great! It's a very nice bar with 2 seperate sections
4 The Bar is a cool, laid back place with large flat screen TVs everywhere. I might not be the biggest fan of sports, but when a tennis game or the Olympics comes on those gorgeous screens I cannot help but watch in awe. The banquette seating along the walls are comfortable and lounge worthy. After a few sets of volleyball, I was slouching down as if I was sitting on my couch.  The beers are reasonable at $4-$5 for a pint and $5-$7 for a 22oz draft. When drinking, it is hard not to snack and their pretzel bites with cheese sauce are definitely a winner.   The staff was considerate and checked in on us often. Our waiter started to slow down close to the end of his shift. It was still pleasant because we were just chilling. I liked the fact that he was not put off with us ordering a few drinks and a snack. Coming from the service industry, it can be frustrating. We were there to relax and he didn't hassle us.
5 This is my new favorite place!!! I've gone twice in the past week.   1) it's a dark and chill bar 2) they play music from Steve Miller Band, Dave Matthews, Led Zeppelin, & Country 3) they have fried corn dogs as appetizers 4) they have a grilled cheese and tomato soup on their menu for $5.99 5) they have sandwiches under $10 & entrees over $15 6) they comp your drinks when you play 7) patrons are really friendly, classy, and well mannered 8) their food is good 9) it's close to my house 10) they have a ton of TV's for sports  Go Try it !!!!
5 Wow! Just when I thought that local Vegas bars were getting complacent with their menus, THE BAR exceeded all my late night binge cravings by giving me the only memorable moment of of a night that is all but forgotten. The bartender Rye (who is ironically is not a fan of the bread, won me over with his witty anecdotes and pure charm) suggested a three course meal that both fulfilled my need for classic bar fare and a quality of product that rivals any  hot spot these so-called"celebrity chefs" are trying to recreate on the strip. First course: Mexican wedding style soup. Second: chicken parm sub. Third: fried pbj. Fourth: I highly recommend THE BAR on St. Rose
5 This bar is phenomenal.  There are many bars in Vegas, tons.  Particularly gaming bars.  This one takes the cake.  Their cocktail waitresses are attentive and friendly and their food is above par.  Susie was the cocktail waitress taking care of me and my friends.  She was clearly aware of everything that was happening with my friends and I at all times and offered all of the right things at the right time.  If you visit many bars, then you know how fantastic that is, particularly in Vegas.  Many Vegas cocktail waitresses these days seem to have an attitude of "I will get to you when I feel like it" while making you wait till they remember you are there.  Susie was there before I even thought to look for her.  Not just once, not just twice, but over and over again from the moment I got there till I left.  She might be the greatest cocktail waitress I have ever witnessed, and I have visited many bars.  I can't think of a single word except perfection.  Sounds a bit over the top, I know, but I am a service junkie.  I can only dream that every bar I go to has a cocktail waitress like Susie.  This is coming from a guy who hates gaming bars.  I can't stand them.  Here though, I recieved better service than many upscale bars I attend regularly.  Notably better.  Is that all?  No.  I was hungry and in the mood for spinach.  Yes spinach, I like spinach and on occasion I crave spinach.  A spinach salad at a gaming bar? "I will just hope for the best" I thought.  Then it came.  A perfect looking, fresh spinach salad that also had a touch of personality.  Strawberries and glazed walnuts with goat cheese and a maple vinaigrette.  I was astonished how great this salad was, and I am a tough critic with food.  The only downside to this bar is that it is very far from my home and on the complete opposite side of town.  I hope that the fundamentals that make this place great are maintained and expanded upon with success and new locations closer to me.  The only suggestion I would give is to give your bar and future bars a more unique look and feel to astetically separate them from the mess that is the mass of other gaming bars in Vegas that are no where near your level.  Thank you for the refreshing experience.  I wish you great success.
1 Not wanting to take my negativity to a social media outlet, I refrained from writing a bad review for this place for a few weeks. Then yesterday, visions of that horrific experience resurfaced and got another episode of PTEED (Post Traumatic Eating Experience Disorder).  In all seriousness, I do feel compelled to write about how disgusting the chicken sandwich I ordered for lunch was, as it is dishonest to sell such repugnant chow.  Imagine going to the 99cents store, buy some type of boiled subpar pre-cooked rubbery chicken breast, cut is up in slices, keep some fat on it, keep it for 6 weeks and serve it cold on a baguette that looks more like a 20 days old gas station dinner roll. Well...it tasted even worse than that. You also pay $10 for the privilege of eating rancid food.   Thinking of it, I am not even sure it was chicken or if I was the victim of a joke or the cook quit that day. It sounds dramatic, but I can say that this had to be one of the worst eating experience, because 3 weeks later, I actually still think about it. I get borderline angry when thinking that anyone in their right mind would ever dare serve this vile sandwich. I had lunch there previously a long time ago and things were tasty then. I also had food at their other location lately and it was ok. Nothing to write home about but in all fairness, would not expect sensational food from a bar.  Positive: Bartender was nice and friendly.
5 Holy Effing COW! My best friend moved into a house down in this area this past fall and almost every day we have driven past The Bar and said "we should really try that place." WHY DIDN'T WE DO IT SOONER!!!!!! The Bar is AH-MAZE-ING! They are open 24 hours and NEVER stop serving food! I HIGHLY recommend the Fried Peanut Butter and Jelly! SO DELICIOUS! I have tried a million things on the menu and EVERYTHING is good. We like to get SUPER hungry before we head over (we walk) and BINGE hard on the appitizer menu. Very tasty drinks and great beers on tap and bottled. I'm a sports fan, so the hoards of TVs playing every game at all times is a HUGE plus. The Bar has other locations as well... I can't wait to give them a try!
4 Good bar food... Better hung over food! Came here after a night of drinking and ordered a chicken sandwich. Food was good, and help soak up all the alcohol. Would recommend this place!
4 I'm impressed so far... Sitting at the bar and its not smokey.... Food is good, I had the nachos! Hubby had philly cheesecake and love it and got the tators over the fries.... I found out they have a dining area for kids to go which you couldnt tell by just driving by... I wish more bars and resturants sent out coupons from time to time.... I would of tried this bar out like 3-4 yrs ago if they would of just sent out coupons.... When your married there is NO shame in using a coupon.... Take note of that THE BAR!!
4 This place is bad @$$!! Nice and dark for some decent day-drinking action, great food, and not too smokey! Not the cheapest, but definitely not super expensive, great service too!
5 A luxurious but relaxed bar atmosphere; excellent bar food; stellar service.  I don't know what more I could ask for in a place like this!   There is the bar/lounge section of the restaurant and also a dining section (separate from the bar and gaming, it's on the smaller side with some large, comfortable booths and tables).  Both are well-ventilated and surprisingly don't wreak of smoke, unlike some of the other gaming bar/restaurants in town.    Service was top notch.  Our server was so friendly.  You could tell that she needed to be in both the bar and dining room but she did a fantastic job of keeping drinks full and being there to check in on us at all the right times.    The food came out SO quickly and was just the ultimate of bar food!  Even the most basic things like the mozzarella bites as an appetizer were simply delicious!  Hubby had meatloaf sliders and I had burger sliders and they were both incredible.  Being able to sub fries for tots was a very nice change.   The menu is large and there are so many things I want to try.  And I'd love to sit on the patio when it cools down slightly.  My only problem: this place isn't closer to home.  If it were, I'd totally be a regular.  Give this place a try - it's even worth driving a bit if you don't live in the area!
5 Though my check in says "1" I have been here many many many times. BY (before Yelp). Anyways... Every experience has been wonderful. From day, evening & graveyard service from the staff has been top notch. The bartenders have become friends & the owners are super friendly & down to earth. My Mother & her girlfriend practically live here lol   The food is simply NOT your typical "bar food"  Tempura Asparagus is amazing. The sauce is bomb.   Turkey Burger is loaded with flavor & a great alternative to your standard burger considering I don't eat red meat.   Fried PB&J dessert needs no words. Just order it.   I have yet to stop into their new locations but I'm sure you can expect the same greatness there. It's a very classy bar, and a nice break from your typical Vegas joint.   Congrats on the success!!! Well deserved.
5 We are very needy.  And we were accommodated.  Thank you beautiful waitstaff for putting us in a side area and letting us watch the ducks game with the sound on!!!!!  Fun food, and yummy drinks.  Loved the asparagus with dip off the starters menu, and the pizza and the seasonal lemon beer and the bottle of wine and the 4 hours we spent with you.  Oh, and loved the FREE internet.  :)  Definitely, coming back for the next ducks game!!! This place should be packed and it's not.  The women are sooooo beautiful and witty!!!  See you soon
3 This place is over rated.food is good but when I ordered a steak which was highly recommended it had a lot of fat in it and the portions were very small for the dollar amount attached. Def a miss and have been back since. I'm not a drinker so the food was the only shot.
4 Love this place! We are accommodated very well here, the servers are awesome and the food is excellent! My favorite dish is the shrimp tacos. The taste is very flavorful and definitely hit the spot :) we also always get the tempura asparagus, very delicious!  Drinks are also amazing. Overall always a good experience here and recommend to everyone to try out for lunch or dinner.
4 Nice place.
3 The meatball sliders are great!  As for the other food I've tried there...not so much (chicken parmesan sandwich? burger (okay)).  However, based on the other reviews I will keep trying the menu, perhaps my selections were unlucky.  I also find the quantity of food lacking given the price charged for most items.    The specialty drinks are good but again a couple dollars higher than I would expect in a nice, but neighborhood bar.    However, the service is excellent and the hours are very convenient when there are not a lot of late-night selections in this area.  They also have decent football specials if you are going for the game and a lot of seating.
4 Food is great, drinks are better.  The beers is almost a slushy, which I love!  Service could be better, server seemed put off by questions... Never a good sign.  Service affects my experience immensely, so this place gets two stars  Service much improved!
5 I come here once in a while and everytime we get great service.  The bartenders are always great.  I love this place!:-D  Especially love the wings.  Yayyyyyyy!  Lol.
4 The bar is dark and smokey, but they have a fantastic patio.  Food was very good, a lot better than expected and service was wonderful. Will definately be back.  I was pleasantly surprised because I was expecting the typical dive bar, and this place is definately not that.
1 I would never recommend this bar to anyone. We had heard about this place and wanted to gamble somewhere new...bad idea. I sat at the bar, and the bartender, Antoinette, was extremely rude, ignored me, and when I finally flagged her down for a drink, she told me that I could not have a free drink if I was only gambling $20. This obviously wasn't true, because she had been giving her friend, that was sitting next to me and not gambling, free drinks all night. When I asked for a manager, she sent over a woman named Carla. Carla also told me that if I wasn't spending more money, I should try the bar up the street, Remedy's. She was right, from now on, we will spend our money at Remedy's. They are always welcoming, friendly, and even treat strangers with respect. This was a very unfortunate situation, and was the worst experience I have ever had.
1 Don't go here to gamble! The food is good, but the bartenders are awful. They spent the whole night gossiping in the corner and talking on the phone. I'd rather take my money elsewhere.
2 Second trip to the bar v ased on a promo of free play.   Gambling was good, great Pandora music, and plenty of tv. Bar keeps are to much chatty kathys among themselves.
5 The greatest spot ever to just have a meal and etch the game. Not to mention they're never crowded, lots of sports TVs on, very spacious and clean. Annette is one of the severs /waiters there and she is just amazingly sweet. The prices are affordable for the amount of food they give you. Plus they offer military discount and that's always a plus!!!!!!!
