4 This hookah lounge just opened in February and they're doing an awesome job. Definately a better hookah lounge in the valley! Have a wide variety of flavors, and the X-Hale guys in black are always walking around checking your coals. They play a huge variety of music, earlier in the evening they play middle eastern music and hip hop. Later on in the evening they play more hip hop, the lights go out and strobe lights come on. On certain weekends they have DJ's and dancing. Though they done serve alcohol, definately a good change in hookah bars:)
5 BEST hookah lounge in the valley!!!!   It's new, upbeat, and very modern. The plaza itself isn't too fantastic, but its a very cozy neighborhood area. The two girls that usually work the front desk/corner (whatever you call it) are always friendly, helpful and really quick! You should see these girls run that place!   The place has a dance floor in the middle, with a disco ball (very nice) and several tables around it. Along the walls are some very classy leather couches which I absolutely love. The decor is pretty classy as well. The bathrooms aren't anything to be afraid of either.   The best part of this place, is the choice of music. It's a mix of basically everything fun. Hip hop, rap, techno, some middle eastern mixes, and some rock. Definitely can't complain.   The service is amazing as well. There are always friendly guys in black Xhale shirts walking around checking on your coals. They always have the best variety there, and the guys know their stuff too. I've always had some great suggestions whenever I go there, and I've never been disappointed.   Definitely recommend this place to anyone for either a place to party, or a place to just kick it.
4 Came here around the first few weeks of their grand opening.  I tried the Deja Vu Blueberry...  Tasty indeed!  They used Mya-like hookahs and have very prompt coal service.  My only complaint is that they do not sell food.  Decor is nice and the staff is nice.  If you live in North Phoenix and like hookah come check this place out.
5 I been to alot of hookah lounges and theres always something wrong with all of them it might be the hookahs are not great or the service sucks or even the vibe of the place is off but i been coming to this new hookah lounge called Xhale hookah lounge and its sick music dance floor TVs and more and the ppl there are great got my coals always on time and the the hookahs were great so many flavors to pick from and not going to lie the ladies there were all looking good so me and my boys will be up there alot so if ur thinking of changing to a new hookah lounge Xhale is the way 2 go!!! o ya the staff is great makes u feel like family
5 I Love going to Hookah Bars, it's just tough to find one that I'd like to continue to go to. Xhale is one of those places that I love going back to! The Hookah's are very well priced, the flavors are amazing and the service is great. They now offer food which is great because I tend to get hungry when I smoke. The potato wedges are simply delicious!.  The music ranges anywhere from Middle Eastern tunes, to great Hip Hop and R&B, It's very enjoyable.   If you like to just hang out and have a good time I would recommend you come to Xhale!  Flavors I Recommend:  *Any Starbuzz Flavor, They Taste Great And Smoke Very Well!!  Starbuzz Hookah $12 Potato Wedges $2.50
5 Went to Xhale last night. It was alright pretty nice place to chill and relax. Xhale is a place to keep coming back for hookah! Usually stop by once a week just to relax and have a good time with the buddies.
4 Its a good vibe inside....very chill! They have a pool table, video game setup, comfy couches and tables. Definitely a fun place to go if you're looking for a relaxed setting. Service is quick and the hookah is not expensive. Definitely a go to hookah bar in the Valley :)
2 Nothing special. "Dingy" looking ambience. Cheap futons. Service lacks. It is taking a long time to bring out the coal.... 10 mins later I'm still waiting for our coal. He is going out to smoke instead.
5 Alright Hookah Fans, If you like hookah XHALE IS by FAR the place to come to. First off the hookah is good and Cheap . the Owner is always there and continuously checking up on the customers who go in there. They also have a " AMI BAR LINK " witch is basically a modern day Juke box. and For those of you who have a CCW or like to open Carry that is allowed to unlike most other hookah lounges  in the City. The Employees are really nice and love to joke around. Exhale is also Pretty good Size so if you are looking to visit with .... say 12-15 of your friends you will have plenty of space to do so. Have I said enough is convince you yet ? It is in fact SUCH a GREAT Place to come smoke hookah the it is pretty much packed about an hour after the doors open, oh and did I mention OPEN 7 Days a Week ! Thats right , so go check them out Today !!!
2 I enjoy hookah bars and actively seek them out. On visiting this one I had high expectations of the place due to the prior reviews.  It quickly became evident that I as up for an upset.  My buddy and I came in and paid for our hookah, we got a soda, a dollar a can, not too bad.  We then took our seat and waited for our hookah.  After fifteen or so minutes it came.    During that waiting period, we heard the staff and a friend talking about fights and gun shots.  The staff was more engrossed in catching up and talking about those times.  It sure made this Kansas kid feel really comfortable in the city...  Furthermore, while we were waiting there was nothing else to keep us interested.  It was a good thing they had free wifi and a connection to our digital games.  The hookah smoked fine, it was clean and had a good pull.  However, when we needed a new coal we had to go to the bar and request it.  They brought it out swiftly, but then set it to the side.    As a customer I have an expectation that the staff take care of me to some extent.  Simple things like ensuring my hookah was smoking fine, that it wasn't harsh, putting coals on when they are low, not expecting people to do it themselves.  When I pay in advance, I expect them to earn what tip they have on the slip.  This place is clearly targetted to a younger crowd, as I would expect from many hookah bars, but even if it's a bunch of teens and tweens, I hope they would take better care of their clientel.  Service should be a primary goal, not a self serve situation where the customer has to ask for everything.  Little things matter.  Life goes on.  I will most likely not be back, and I would recommend other locales to other folks who visit the area.
