5 Shortly after moving to the Valley, my out of state plates were expiring.  Only problem was that my check engine light was on. My out of state mechanic had checked it out a few months before, and said it was fine, but a check engine light = a failed emissions test = no AZ registration/plates for me.   I took the car to an AAMCO for a free diagnostic test. They wanted to do another test (a smoke test?) for something like $150, $175 to be able to see what the real problem was. Something in my gut said that was a ripoff.  Anyways, I went to SDA, they did the free diagnostic, and then said their price for the smoke test was $40. They did the test, then said to drive around for a few days and they would charge me when I came back if everything was ok. Well the check engine light went off, and my car passed the emissions test a few days later. The day after I passed the test, my check engine light came back on. I called SDA to give them my credit card info over the phone to pay for the test. I told them that my check engine light came back on, but it was after I passed the test. The manager, David, told me not to worry about paying for the test. Wow!  I have since went there to have them replace one of my headlights. They didn't charge me for that either.   So far, my car has been very good to me, but anytime it needs repair, I will definitely be going to SDA.
5 Ordinarily, I have an aversion to associating "Sun Devil" with any positive experiences, but in the case of Sun Devil Auto, I'll make an exception.  I'm yelping on behalf of my non-yelping son who purchased a new battery for his car, but was mechanically challenged when it came to installation. He drove over to Sun Devil Auto at 7th St. & Bethany Home Road to get some assistance, and they did it right there, on the spot, and without charging a dime.  While installing the battery, they also noticed that one brake light was out ... so they replaced that at no cost too!!!  In times like these, when consumers and businesses are in survival mode, this was a totally appreciated and unexpected gesture ... especially from a "so-named" business.  It just goes to show - you really can't judge a book by its cover ... or a business by its name!!!
1 After a Sun Devil brake job, I drove on bad brakes for 6 months. Sun Devil Auto replaced my brake pads, Sept. 2009. Immediately following I began having problems, horrible metal scraping noise, brakes grabbing & squeaking. I brought this to George's attention 5 times by 5/19/10.Finally, I had an appointment to have my brakes checked. A half hour before the appt., George called & wanted to keep my truck saying it may be the hydraulics. When the call ended I drove my truck to Jack's Brake & Alignment. He told me what was wrong. The installed brake pads were not working on my truck. I drove back to Sun Devil for them to do the work. George ordered the needed parts & I scheduled an appt for the following week. I was told I would be in & out in a jiffy. THREE HOURS later & after listening to a service person's bad language, F word a number of times, my truck was done & I was done with Sun Devil Auto. They gave me coupons for two free oil changes. I'll start my fire pit with them. I called the corporate office, lo and behold, I got lip service, smoke up the back side & a $50.00 credit. Wouldn't ever trust them with my automobile again.George learned lip service well! This was my experience. After the fact, I asked around and found a lot of complaints. George always greets with a big smile to charm. My experience, his charm is a diversion to do crappy service. After reading other reviews, now I understand more about the CHEAP price for the oil changes.
2 I went to Sun Devil Auto, Bethany Home Location because its prices seemed competitive. I went in to fix my brakes and my check engine light was on. I also had to to drive to California and wanted to make sure that my car would drive there and back without me being lost in the middle of the desert. My brakes were fixed but my check engine light turned back on 3 days later. I was then told not only did i have to pay to have my engine checked, okay I know that all most car repair business to charge, so I paid my $65.00. I was then told then I had to pay another $60.00 to have a special engine check because my car is so new, it is a 2005! To make a long story short, cut to me walking to 2 miles to my hotel in Long Beach because my car broke down at a parking meter!  The end story they didnt seem to want to help me and after almost $700 dollars they didnt!
1 They are HORRIBLE!!!!!! They did a brake job on my truck. There was a problem immediately. Within a 6 month period I brought the grinding and scraping noise to their attention 6 times. They did nothing! I took my truck to Jack's Brake and Alignment for a diagnosis. It was explained what needed to be done. I returned to Sun Devil explained where I had gone and what was recommended. They did follow the recommendation and I was OUT OF THERE AND NEVER TO RETURN. I called corporate; they don't care either!
1 I went to Sun Devil Auto a couple of months ago with my previous vehicle. I had an idea that it was a problem with the spark plugs.  When I got a call back from them they said it was spark plugs but that I also needed the timing belt replaced due to milage and that it would cost $900. I asked what it would cost to get it fixed without the timing belt and he still said $900. Obviously the guy was pushing for an expensive timing belt replacement when all i needed was new spark plugs. I've dealt with lots of auto service centers in my time but this one was the shadiest by far. I wouldn't consider this is miscommunication or misunderstanding, the guy was clearly trying to get me to okay an expensive auto repair that didn't need to be done.   I ended up not getting any repairs done by this shop and had to pay $75 because they looked at it.   As for the 5 star review, of course it is going to be 5 star, her service was done for free and she wasn't pressured into getting work done on her car that she didn't need.
5 Dealt with the manager, George, last month, when I brought my car in for a oil change and checkup to ready my car for a trip to Las Vegas.  He's like "I hope you aren't planning on taking this car to Vegas."  LOL.  As it turns out, my car was 22,000 miles PAST the recommended factory service guide of replacing the timing belt, at 60,000 miles (I had over 80,000 miles).  I didn't have much money and not only did he work a nice discount for me, they had the ability to carry a payment for 30 days so I could get the work done.    Very professional, friendly and good people here.  And no, I'm not related to them in any way, shape or form.  I will be using them again.
5 George is great! He will make suggestions and always has my best interest at heart.
5 Austin was fantastic.  He checked out my car and determined what was wrong and got my car working again safely.   Thank you
