3 Great place for breakfast and lunch. Perfect location for airplane watching and viewing the Las Vegas strip.
3 Ok food. Average Prices. Great Location on the second floor of the terminal. Floor to ceiling window views of the ramp and runway. Outside covered patio and a very nice bar. Its a nice place to go if you like watching airplanes and need a bite to eat.  I should add that we were served by the most Friendly waitress Las Vegas has to offer. She was awesome, a person that just makes your day.
4 For the general aviation pilot, there are few airport eateries that really impress, but this place is one of the better ones I've come across.  The food is surprisingly high on the quality. I had the club sandwich which was, as club sandwiches go, quite excellent. My buddy had the pastrami sandwich which he swore was one of the best he'd ever had.  The service is good and usually quite friendly. The prices are pretty reasonable. The place is clean and nicely decorated, and the view is awesome.
4 Ready for something different, a bit say, average, but with a great view and great lookout for planes, try this place.  Food - Had their breakfast , really nice and tasty. Great fruits, and all the healthy bits like cottage cheese and etc.    Lunch - Also had their sandwiches for lunch. Nice selection of breads. Not fancy, but pretty good overall.  Drinks - Beer on tap. Nice. Didn't try one, but love restaurants that have bear on tap....  Service, the team here is really great. They are high on service.  Overall,  I plan to take my kids here. They will find something they like, but the view will be cool, and the odd solitude of the place will be actually fun too.
5 With floor to ceiling window views of the ramp and runway, this eatery, located on the second floor of the terminal at Henderson is a great place to dine before catching your flight.   Inspired by everyday family cooking, the casual restaurant carries a friendly atmosphere, wanting their customers to feel at home.   One can watch planes take off and land while eating a "Glide Slope" or "Spinner" omelet. Try a "B-17" or "Bomber" sandwich for lunch. You'll have a great time just reading the clever names on the menu.    Enjoy a glass of wine while sitting on the outside veranda overlooking the lights of the nearby Las Vegas Strip and breathe a sigh of relief and gratitude for a relaxing time without all the hassle and bustle of Sin City.
4 After my thrilling airplane ride with the nearby Sky Combat Aces, I stopped at the Henderson Executive Terminal to treat myself to breakfast at the Landings, the second floor restaurant in the terminal.  I walked up the stairs, turned left, and there it was a few steps in front of me.  It was about 11 AM, and it was not at all busy.  The waitress told me to sit anywhere I wanted and since the patio was open, I went outside and sat there.  The menu is extensive for breakfast.  I opted for the day's special, Eggs Benedict.  You have a choice of home fries or hash browns.  I opted for the home fries.  Coffee was brought soon after I sat down and I was asked if I wanted something to drink.  It was refilled quickly, too!  The Benedict was good except the eggs were a bit on the hard cooked side rather than soft cooked.  The Hollandaise was probably purchased rather than made on premises, but it had a good flavor.  Service was excellent!  Denise was my server and she was a cheerful server who was very capable.    Sitting outside and having breakfast with a view of Las Vegas to my left and the Henderson Executive Airport and the McCullough Range straight ahead made a great breakfast stop!
1 12/15/12 Worst lunch I have eaten in years. Won't be back.  $43.00 RIP OFF.  Food was bad and uneatable.
4 Update 8/13/2013  Adding another star. I went back again recently and enjoyed an excellent meal. They still need to learn more about what "well done" means with respect to French fries.   ******  Wow, how sad. :(  This place was fantastic when it first opened a couple of years ago, but I thought I've noticed a steady decline.   Today, I ordered a soft omelet, and crispy hash browns. Instead, I got a torched omelet, and flaccid hash browns.  Just do like George Costanza, and order the *opposite*. Hopefully it will work out for you.   The "extra" star is for convenience and ambience.   I'm done.  5/4/2013 - Not quite done. I was back a month or so, and had possibly the best Reuben sandwich I've ever had.  They didn't get the art of the well-done french fry down quite yet. I am raising another star because the owner had the class and professionalism to reach out and sincerely address my gripes. She really did care. Maybe another star in their future? I hope so; like I said, it was GREAT when they opened.
5 This place has good food but a great view of the airfield. I had a Ruben wrap. Never even seen that done before but it was really good. I was impressed with the flavor and I really liked it in the wrap. Also was a nice option of getting a side of fruit rather than just fries. My date, the pretty pilot, got chicken tacos but apparentl they dont have chicken so they brought beef. Was weird they never mentoned it but eiter way she was happy with it. Great place to eat and watch the planes coming and going before you hit the skies!
4 Neat location if you're out that way.  Nice little outdoor patio. Located on second floor of the terminal.  Not a ton of flight activity but got to watch a few jets come in and see the whale's deplane.  Friendly attentive service. Not crowded. Group of 5. Everything got a thumbs up except the burger expert in our group gave the burger (the "$100" burger w/cheese) a thumbs down.  So don't expect gourmet on their burgers - just average. Sandwiches are well crafted. Great Reuben. Good salads.  A nice casual place to grab lunch at if you have a casual attitude without pretentious expectations.  SOLID 4 STARS
4 I really enjoy watching the planes come in and out in this nice cafe spot. Food is decent and service is always prompt.
2 I liked the location, the service, and the view. Sadly, I was not a fan of the food - so much so that I can't even bump up to 3 stars.    I read previous reviews and decided the reuben was the way to go. I was disappointed. The Reuben wrap was extremely sour, nearly inedible. Even after removing the sauerkraut - something unidentifiable was horribly sour. My husband even tried it and he spit it out. I probably should have said something but I just wasn't in the mood to have it taken back. My husband's country fried steak was extremely small and the grey gravy looked right out of the can. The breading to meat ratio was a little off and it just wasn't what he expected. The prices were great but still -- our food was not worth the money. It felt like our bad visit was a fluke because there were quite a few regulars there that came in and chatted up the waitresses.  Maybe it was an off day, maybe we it was our luck. Whatever it was I honestly can say it was not a good meal. My husband and I decided that if we do come back it will be for drinks by the window to take in the gorgeous view again.
1 Not very good.  Soup was cold,  Chicken strips very low quality and not very tasty.  Most waitresses would notice if you didn't eat your $5 bowl of soup and ask if everything was okay, especially if they recommended it.  She didn't.  The vending machine downstairs would be a better choice for lunch.
5 Heading home from Vegas to San Diego and this was a random pick for breakfast as we wanted to avoid fast food.   Excellent food, fast service and VERY reasonable prices.   Cool atmosphere and worth the couple minute drive off the freeway. Even though this is an executive airport there is easy parking by the entrance and open to the public.
3 Service was good. We had breakfast dishes, and they were yummy. After some issues, they let us outside for drinks. Only 3 stars because it's a nice place for the views and drinks. The food is good, and a great accompany to the drinks. I will return to sit outside and enjoy the views. If they let me.
4 The restaurant environment was a very nice cafe looking directly onto the airfield, so that was nice.  As far as the food, it was perfectly fine.  Basically your standard short order kitchen.  We went for breakfast on a Sunday and it was not crowded at all.  The coffee was very good.  I had the eggs Benedict and they were acceptable...nothing to write home about.  My wife had eggs and bacon and really loved the home style potatoes and cinnamon toast.  We'd likely go back, perhaps in the evening, just to watch some planes taking off and landing while we eat.
5 Our first time in, for late breakfast today. We were wowed with the beautiful food items. Not only ours but other tables as well. As good food restaurants go, this is surely a 'best of'. Excellent service and view of the front ramp airplanes. Always a plus. Seems like the airport/private flying service restaurants, are most always great food stops. This surely is, and we will return. We occasionally fly into this airport and also get to South Point Hotel for horse events. This is approx 4 miles from South Point. Thanks folks. Well done here.
5 It's cool to find a place that not everyone knows about. Who would have thought that there was a restaurant on the second floor of the Henderson Airport (which has no traditional security gates by the way) with a stunning view of the valley and scores of private jets. I discovered The Landings during a business lunch and while I was there, we got to talk at length with the owner Marie. It's a special experience when you get to meet the owner of a small business and see the passion and love for what they do every day. Although she had some great celebrity stories to share, she explained that most of her customers are local patrons. I was so eager to show off this hidden gem to my friends & family, that I brought all of them down for Marie's Sunday Brunch the following weekend before seeing a show at the Smith Center. Yes, it was a little out of the way, but it was worth the drive.  A couple of things to know is that there is limited signage, so you just need to go the Henderson Airport. I learned this the hard way. LOL. They are only open until 4pm, so don't come for dinner, but the venue is open for private parties in the evening to enjoy views of the incredible LV valley sunsets behind the variety of private jets. Surprisingly, they have a bar with beer, wine & liquor.
5 I have to admit I have been to every restaurant in town for breakfast. This one was a surprise. A Henderson hidden gem at the Henderson Executive Airport. I didn't even know it was open to the public until a friend told me about it. My husband, daughter and myself went there and the food was amazing, being a foodie I could instantly tell that the ingredients were fresh an the taste homemade. And the view BREATHTAKING! If you are a local or a tourist, you must go, you will not regret it! Oh and the customer service was top notch!
5 Really nice folks and an excellent view, you get to enjoy a very good meal with airplanes flying around! What more could you ask! We eat there almost every time we fly into Henderson. As well when we stay overnight we drive to the airport and have breakfast there!   Best to call for times, as I believe that they close at 4 pm on some days.
