2 Not too happy with this Walmart.  I had a measly $4 vinyl tablecloth I bought in aqua at the one in San Diego because they didn't have anything in lavender, then later found one at a thrift store in a pretty purple flowered material so I wanted to return the aqua one.  I didn't worry about bringing a receipt for a $4 item and had just bought it less than a month ago but they told me they would only give me $2 back on it!!  It's not the money, it's the rip off.  I had never even taken it out of the package!  Now I have to wait till I get back to San Diego, find the receipt, which I'm sure I have, then take it back again.  What a pain.  On the good side, I found a clerk who was very helpful, pointing me to all the different areas to find the items I wanted to buy for my daughter's apartment.  She saved me a lot of walking, which I appreciated.
4 I had a not-so-typical GREAT visit to the Wal-Mart located in the Mesa Riverview shopping plaza this past weekend. This was my first time entering into this particular location, so my expectations were already low, but to my surprise it was THE nicest Wal-Mart's I have ever visited. The store was clean, the layout was open and it had great little showcases around the store in various departments. This however wasn't the best part of my shopping experience. The lines were somewhat long, but I wasn't in a hurry and I didn't feel like checking myself out, since I had a lot of coupons (and from experience that can be a pain, someone is always having to "override" every coupon I scan.. annoying). Anyhow, the cashier that I had was phenomenal, she was totally unique from what you normally expect from a Wal-Mart cashier. She was friendly, personable, and accommodating. I bring my own canvas bags, which usually I've been known to get the eye roll and snarl under their breath, but she actually noticed them in my cart and asked, "I see you have your own bags, lets use them up!" She never once acted like it was an inconvenience, rather the latter, she embraced it and commented how much she likes using them herself. Then, I showed her all the coupons I had and she had me hang onto them until the end. In the middle of the transaction, some notebook dividers scanned wrong and again she voided them out and called for a price check, I felt like a Queen, 2 young ladies showed up within a minute of the call and had an answer for us before we completed the sale. She scanned all my coupons, made small talk and was just pleasant the entire time. Now, I realize Wal-Mart is never known to be a great service provider, rather known as the joke to most for just the opposite. I felt strongly enough about my visit this weekend that I couldn't wait to Yelp about it.
2 Every time I come to this walmart...I have to re-remind myself that I  really don't like this place.  Ugh.....even pulling into the parking lot, I should know better.  They NEVER have enough staff there.....you have to wait in line forever to check out....and this has been the senario every time I have gone!  Not to mention, the cashiers  seem to usually have an attitude too.......... Trust me, just go to Target at the Tempe Marketplace.....
4 Cleanest Wal-Mart ever. Seriously, it's impressively clean.  Dr. Eyrich in the vision center is solid, too.
1 Why I keep going to this Walmart is because one, it's cheap, two it's convenient, and three, it's open 24 hours. If it weren't for that, I wouldn't go there.  This place is crowded, to the point moms are running you over with their strollers, people stop right in front of you in the way and they have SIX registers open if you're lucky. You're in line at the check out longer than it takes to shop! I despise coming her at all when the speedy checkout takes you 20 minutes to get through the line with a few people who maybe have 5 items each. WHY they can't open more registers beats me. I go some hours and there are workers standing around everywhere just chatting away minding their own business. They aren't on break. Maybe they could help move things a little faster. On several occasions I have been there where one cashier stops and TALKS to EVERYONE! Passer-bys, customers, other workers and makes idle chat and holds people up there forever while everyone in line is about to drop their stuff and leave. Also, numerous times I've seen who I think is the manager catch her in the act and tell her to get moving and he quickly becomes concerned about all the people staring angrily and he yells for other workers to open registers. They ARE around. STANDING AROUND. They flock over in a second at his command, but why can't it be like this all the time? Tonight I went and counted as far as I could see to the other end of the registers and counted 18 registers not tended. While there 10 people in my line, more next to me and the same or more and the few that were open? WHY can't they open more? Personally, I think the garden people have a real treat working in there. They're always nice and ask if you want to check out there. IF I can avoid checking out in the main store I will, and go out to garden. NEVER had any trouble with them or the deli.  The only time it's NOT busy and you're dodging rude people in the aisles, is when they're stocking at night and the staff seems at ease and it's pretty quite. You wouldn't have a clue what it's like in the day.  Also, there's a lady in jewelry with some really poofy round blonde hair who will take good care of you once she's done ignoring you for 10 minutes then snapping at customer service helper who's asking if she can help you, you'll get a little attitude and mean looks, but she's not that bad in the end.  Honestly, these workers need to be trained for speed and service by the people who train those at QuikTrip!!
1 This place is terrible. I have had nothing but bad experiences here, which makes me wonder why I keep coming back. They have like 100 checkout lines, only 5 of which they seem to ever open - which creates huge lines. I also once tried buying a bike here. The bike was to be a present for a birthday 40 days in the future (I had a truck with me that I could put it in at the time.) Every rep in the store told me they had a 90 return policy. After buying the bike, I wanted to double check as I don't trust this place. They told me there it was a 30 day policy, no exceptions. I asked what would have happened if I tried to return it after the person opened the gift and they told me I would have been SOL. I took the person later to try on the bike in a sly way and the bike didn't fit her. Can you imagine if I spent 200$ on a bike that didn't fit after being reassured I could return it only to be stuck with it.
3 It's Walmart. We all know we're there for the prices and most of the time they undercut every other store by at least $0.01.  This is a SUPERCENTER version of Walmart, which means it has all kinds of extra stuff, like home/garden, furniture, electronics, vision center, and an auto shop (good for oil changes and batteries). I have found the supercenters to be more pleasant than the regular Walmarts in the area. This one can get pretty busy at times and although there are 37 registers, only 4 or so are ever open, so the checkout lines are long.  If you have certain GPS units made by Garmin, the speaker doesn't know how to pronounce Walmart and will say something like "whale-mart" or "veil-mart." This is the main reason I make trips to veilmart every so often.
4 Ive always loved walmart for the cheap prices and convenience.  WALMART YAY!
4 Ok..this is a walmart..and yes, I am giving it 4 stars. Compared to other walmarts I have been to I would have to say this location is one of the best. I typically do my grocery shopping here because everything is really..really cheap! (also it is the closest to my house) This walmart is organized pretty well-groceries left, garden right, sports/games back etc. Some other walmarts you have to go on a store adventure just to grocery shop.  The downside..it's walmart, and it does get very crowded. You typically spend at least a half hour extra on miscellaneous activities. What activities you may ask? Dodging the crowds, weaving through random groups of kids and yes, the check out line.
4 Meh, it's Walmart - long lines, 2 cashiers, crappy produce
4 Wow, really big supercenter!   I like this shopping center because they have many needed stores all in one area.  It made my "errand running" A LOT easier.  This Walmart has many things here that I can't find at my usual Walmart on Pima.  Only downside: it took me forever to find everything!
3 It's definitely not the worst Wal Mart I've visited. But, as sort of a customer service snob, I tend to expect at LEAST a "hello" from the staff throughout the store. You'd be hard pressed to get acknowledged by anyone after you pass the greeter.
1 Lube shop is an absolute joke.  Sure, they're open on Sunday, but they've employed a bunch of freaking idiots.    I used to manage a Jiffy Lube for over 5 years and I never met an oil filter I couldn't get off.  These nincompoops made me sign a waiver because my oil was low and then called me 2 hours later to let me know they couldn't get my oil filter off.    I said, wow, ok you guys suck but can you please put a couple quarts of oil in my car and I'll pay for it?  Their response?  Nope, can't do it.  I laughed and said I had never heard of such a thing from a lube shop and to please put the manager on the phone.    Manager, Tony, came on the phone and was as pompous and idiotic as the first moron who picked up the phone.  They simply can't charge me to put a couple of quarts of oil in my car.  Told me I needed to come down and buy the oil and put it in myself.  Ok, you suck, but I'll come down and buy the oil.  Then I encounter a female assistant manager at the checkout desk chewing out an employee.  Didn't care that I was standing right here waiting for her to check me out, she just keep ripping this kid a new one over nothing for several minutes while I waited.  Stay away from getting your oil changed here.  Stay away from this Walmart if you can.
1 My god, this WalMart is like a place in the seventh level of hell. There is no way to describe how horrible it feels to come here. First off, the customer service is awful. The employees are dumb as dirt, and half of them are clearly retarded or tweakers. Checkout is super slow, and a lot of times they will not open a new line to speed things up. Second, they are always out of different things in the grocery section, and they are super slow to restock. Third, the customers here are like a mutant breed from another world. You get tweakers, degenerates, welfare queens and their worthless stoner baby daddies, and every other low brow asshole from Mesa. On another note, avoid coming here at night, because they stack boxes everywhere to create a labyrinth to keep you trapped in their shithole grocery section. The worst part is WalMart will never need to change anything here, because there will always be disgusting pieces of shit that will come here and spend spend spend. Avoid at all costs, go to the one on Southern and Rural, they are usually less crowded.
3 I've had better luck with Walmart this trip.  I still wandered around in a daze, looking for specific items that were miles apart and constantly getting distracted by everything else I encounter along the way.  Their prices are better than others on many things, but not all.  The eggnog was a quarter higher for the same brand I bought at Target a month ago.  I spent hours looking for the same coffee pods I had bought a couple of weeks ago, and to no avail.  Not sure if this is the same WM I bought them at but I am sure it was Walmart because they didn't have them at Target.  My consolation is that I don't get enough walking exercise in so I'm  hoping all the time I spend walking around here at least qualified as a days worth, even at night.  And they always manage to close and lock the door closest to where I parked so I get more miles in returning to my car.   I'm exhausted by the time I get home.Sigh.
2 One of the worst walmarts I've been too. They start stocking the shelves in the evening when it's very busy so they have huge carts moving around and blocking isles. The whole place is very loud and they don't have enough check out isles open. Don't go here thinking it will be a quick experience.
1 Seriously counted over 100 people in line, with only 2 lanes open and no self check lanes. I have been in line for 45 minutes and at the rate they're going, I have 30 more to go... This place truly is the 7th level of hell.
4 Good Wal-Mart. Usually pretty clean. They always have whatever you are looking for. Sometimes the movie selection in back isn't too vast, but overall a good Wal-Mart. The parking lot gets really dirty though...and I think this Wal-Mart attracts a lot of white trash from the alleys of Mesa. A ton of students use this too by the way, so stay clear around the back to school times.
3 It's Walmart. I enjoy the scenery...
5 People that shop at Walmart shouldn't complain! You want it cheap.... YOU GOT IT!!! Stop bitchin!!!!
1 This is most likely the one Wal Mart I cannot stand!! Every time I go in its some stupid issue going on. But the one part of this store I really cant stand is the MoneyCenter. Not only is the the only Wal-Mart I've seen with a separate MoneyCenter from the customer service department, but there are some pretty stupid rules and conduct.   Problem 1: First time I went there to cash a check, I was turned away because they said the check (given to me by my last job) didnt have an address on it so they cannot cash it. This was very inconveniant but I decided to just leave and cash it somewhere else.  Problem 2: I tried cashing another check there several weeks later (401K check) and again I was turned away for one of the most dumbest reasons on the face of the planet: Because the background of the check had patterns or designs in it, they cant cash it. This was completely outrageous because I have cashed MANY different checks with designs from employers and have NEVER been told something that insane.   Problem 3: Me and a friend of mine when to go get money from MoneyGram that was sent to him via a family member. He stays at my same apt complex yet his license still states his old address. So he showed her that address but wrote down the apts address. The woman at the MoneyCenter said QUOTE: "Im sorry but seeing the address are different I cant do anything. You can try another Wal-Mart and put the license address on but seeing I saw it I cant do anything." SERIOUSLY??? So you cant just give him another form so he can put the matching address on? After being givin a suggestion to waste gas to go to another store when the problem could've been resolved there was completely unacceptable.   I would NOT recommend this location to anyone.
4 Its Walmart, the New York Yankees of retail. If you dont love them you hate them. I myself love Walmart because they have the lowest prices. If I want an Avacado, I come here to get then at 50 cents per piece, not $1.29 everywhere else. Same goes on pretty much everything else in the store with the curious exeption of Green Bell Peppers which seem stubbornly stuck on $1.79 at every Walmart in existence. This location is clean, employees are usually helpfull, and this is my main destination usually when I am at Riverview.
1 All those rumors and jokes you hear about Walmart are absolutely true.  The parking lot is a maze and a mess.  The store is overstocked with stuff all in the middle of the isles. And there are NEVER enough cashiers.   Is it worth saving the couple bucks?  Probably not.  But I'm cheap.
1 Waited in line for 20 minutes. An employee came over saying the cashier was trying to leave and to switch to the other lane as its always open. Switched to the other lane, waited another 20 minutes. As we were next in line, a lazy employee handed the customer in front of me a "Lane Closed" sign and instructed him to place it at the start of the register. Nothing was said and no eye contact was made from the employees to the people waiting in line. They just left us there. Unfortunately, I already invested over an hour at the Wal-Mart and regrettably still made a $100+ purchase.
1 Excuse my language but this place is such a massive shithole. Haven't been to Wal-Mart in a few years because well, why would you? Finally went to this one last night by request of someone I know and I just couldn't take it after a few minutes, I left my cart down some isle and booked it as fast as I could out of there. Sorry, I just can't take the people sitting on the floor everywhere, everyone screaming at each other, walking 1 mph if not slower, pallets blocking all the isles in the middle of the day. PASS!
1 I can't stand how this Walmart never has enough registers open and the employees all look at you like you are some major inconvenience to them. The site-to-store: nightmare. One register, you have to call for help- they disappear to the back for no less than 10 mins- and one two occasions I've picked up my items and they were damaged. Walmart is horrible. After my experiences this Christmas season... Never again. I'm done. Buy local and boycott Walmart.
3 It's Walmart.  This location is always super busy.  Always long lines at the registers and tying to use the self checkout is a recipe for disaster.
1 Open 24 hrs yet at 230 am only one checkout is available...You have the capability of offer self checkout and yet have the area closed off..
5 This review isn't for Walmart, but for the bakery specifically. My daughter was turning 3 and we had just gotten home from Vacation. We were throwing her a birthday party and needed a custom cake really last minute. I went to Fry's, Safeway, and Bashas and I wasn't impressed with any of their cakes. The ones on display all looked like crap and were very poorly decorated. I was getting really discouraged when we stopped by Walmart to get a few things. We stopped by the bakery and spotted a Disney Brave cake that looked awesome. I called the next morning and spoke to Alex who went above and beyond to help me with everything I needed. That morning we went in and saw a pre-made Disney princess Garden cake and my daughter decided she wanted that. We ordered it with white confetti cake and raspberry filling.  She did such a good job with our cake. It looked gorgeous, right down to the cursive happy birthday message she wrote for my daughter. We got so many compliments on that cake and it was delicious too.  If you need a pretty cake go see Alex. She rules.
3 I am not a Walmart fan, but for some reason when I travel I end up at one because I need something.  So for that reason I am glad they are around.    This one is the super variety, with grocery and all.  In AZ, they can apparently sell hard alcohol, so that was a nice benefit!    All is exactly how you would expect.  My only really weird item was that when I checked out, I bought vodka and the cashier would only sell it to me if I showed my ID and my husband showed his ID (he was waiting near by, I was paying).  Totally bizarre.  I mean we aren't exactly spring chickens so I doubt she thought we were underage, it was just weird! Why would a person NOT purchasing booze need to show and ID?  Whatever, Walmart weirdness!
3 I worked at Walmart in high school back in the stone age, so I always vow to myself to never return to one, however it seems like when you're travelling you always need something and there's always a Walmart nearby.  Typical walmart. They had everything we needed and were looking for and actually had a good selection of booze (not used to that in Colorado).
2 At first I couldn't understand the bad reviews for a walmart. Seriously it's a walmart, they never excel, but now I get it . I hate hate hate how the money center is separate, feels like a yellow jail in there.. And there's ALWAYS a long line. Definitely had to dig deep on the patience. Plus when I went to buy a laundry basket, they were on the top shelf, and little 5'1 me had a hell of a time getting it down. No it's ok ! I got it.. Grrr.. Anyways a walmart is a walmart, I'm just saying this isent my favorite one .
1 I hate going to this walmart. The guy with the bleach blonde hair in the fitting room is an a**hole.    I rather drive a little further to go to the target at tempe market place.
1 This place is a joke! What kind of store sells a flat screen to a customer and reassures them that it's in perfect working order when actually the screen was cracked! Upon returning the tv to the store the first manager we talked to told us that there was nothing he could do and that basically it was our problem! It was only after my friend expressed how angry he was that the first manager brought us to I'm guessing the main manager who then told him he could give him his money back, which could only be accomplished by standing in line for 25 minutes because they had ONE lane open for check out and late returns. If I could I would give them -5 stars just for the lies.
