3 We drove by here & my son saw the sign that they're closing in 8 days.  Everything's 50-70% off but whatever's there is it.  It's too bad 'cuz it looked like quite a fun store with fishing, bows/arrows, hunting & the like.  They apparently sought bankruptcy protection on 3/21/09.
5 Very friendly and professional staff.  I've been there two times in the past three days and will probably go back tomorrow.  We have a Bass Pro Shop in town and I always leave there disappointed.  Sportsman's has them beat hands down on selection and service (granted Sportsman's doesn't carry boats or ATV's).  Had my scope mounted on my rifle here yesterday.  Nate B. knew his stuff (Bass Pro, one of the world's "premiere" outfitters doesn't even have someone on staff to perform this basic service).
3 I didn't really understand the word, meh, until I went to the newly renovated store.  After a long, protracted bankruptcy deal and refurbishment, they have finally re-opened the store.  So what you really want to know is...how is it different than the store before?  Well, let me tell you.  First, they have tons of new items they didn't stock before. There's a greater variety of items from camping equipment to fishing gear ( Yes, they now have JOHN boats ).  So far ,so good. Right? Well, yes and no. Yes, there is more to choose from. But, No, because everything seems priced at high retail. You thought Bass Pro was high, go here for some nose bleed pricing.   So naturally you'd think they'd have some killer deals or sales or some such thing. Not that I saw.  So if you want to feel woodsy, and more green in your wallet than you see outdoors, then, by all means, blow a paycheck here. But if you want value and savings, never you mind.  And I think they's have done better to hire better employees. The ones here are OK, but not Woodsy Owl OK.
5 Sportsman is back!  We've been a fan for a while, there were two stores in Vegas, and one day they both closed up.  We drive to St. George for the weekend and always stop in their store, so now it's nice to have them back in our area.  It's a big store full of camping, hunting, fishing and outdoor gear.  There is always something worth a the trip and gifts for family and friends.
4 The firearms here are the same price or even cheaper then "Discount Firearms". The staff that I came across were friendly and helpful. The guys behind the gun counter were helpful and took their time explaining EVERY firearm and it's "plus and minuses" that I was holding in my hand. Most gun stores in the valley treat customers like they are bugging them. Unless the customer already knows what he wants to purchase. Not here. I looked at least at ten different firearms and all my questions were answered. I like this store. Great variety in firearms. Some of the rifles were a lil higher in price, but the selection was excellent.
5 Love this place! Nice to have one back in town.
4 I am super happy to have Sportsman's Warehouse back!! I have been waiting for the reopening for over a year, and I was in the door on the first day back. The staff are very helpful and super friendly. I was looking for a new set of binoculars and was pleasantly surprised at the knowledge of the guys behind the counter.  I go here and spend almost all of my hunting/camping money here. I save a lot of $$ because I don't have to drive down to Bass Pro.  I have also found myself just stopping in to look around. I like the comfortable feeling of walking into this store. Being a hunter/shooter/camper this store fits me well and I will be back again, and again!
5 The customer service here is awesome!  I purchased some very big dollar items here and with every purchase, every employee I come in contact with was professional, friendly, and quite frankly they make you feel like part of their family!  The sales the have are great.  The only thing is that they have a hard time keeping certain firearms and ammunition in stock.  Clean store.  Great location.  Awesome employees.  Pricing is reasonable.
4 Employees were helpful and friendly. They have good sales here, but they need to carry more stock on sale items.
5 Glad Sportsman's back, got a new pole and reel the salesman was very helpful and has knowledge of what he's selling. A great feature they have is they spool your reels for the cost of the line only...4 to 6 cents a yard!
3 I bought a Remington Shotgun & Bow on the same day,(yup, it was a pricey day) I really enjoyed the archery sales, helpful & easy going. I've gone back since I purchased my bow initially & they took really god care of me.  Now, as for the gun side...I wish I could say the same! When buying my "First shot gun" I would've hoped they would've been more helpful. Anywho, on my first time to the shooting range the gun Jams,(shell stayed in after firing...It's a pump action) Ifixed it for the most part but had trouble the next 2 times I went to the range until it jammed again with NO luck of getting it out. I went back to the store to ask suggestions & they said,"we don't fix gun's...even if there brand new...call Remington" I was expecting that answer so I asked if I could at least have a box to ship it back & he said,"Na, we don't give out boxes." Thanks for the help & way to stand by the products you sell. I would've of chalked this up to just a bad day but after speaking to some buddies at work, they told me similar stories of how there gun side sales team is CRAP.
5 I love this place! Customer service is top notch and all their employees are very knowledgeable and helpful. They are always able to answer my questions and if they don't know the answer they are happy to find out for you. Prices here are comparable to competitors and in many cases their prices are likely to be lower than other places. The store isn't too big and it's just the right size to carry most items I'm looking for. Overall, this is one of my favorite places to shop
4 the store reminded me of the hunting/sports stores they had in upstate new york, but much bigger. everyone is super nice and are willing to show or help you find anything. the have lots of firearms and wide selection of ammunition. most of their ammo is expensive. even the standard stuff you can find at walmart. i always buy the lemon drops when i come here.
4 I love this place store kept very clean and organized employes are always respectful but have terrible training I had to follow the associate back and forth from one side of the store to the other they don't know where things are and don't ask about the different types of ammo they carry they have no clue
4 It's like Walmart for  outdoors gear. Don't expect to find all sporting goods here. It's mainly a toy store for hunting, fishing, camping, and the like. Good one stop shop for these types of things. You can get yourself an entire wardrobe of "RealTree", outfit your camp, buy buckets of dehydrated food for the apocalypse, find out where the fish are biting, get yourself a firearm whether for hunting or protection, boots for your next hike, I could go on and on. There prices are decent for most things. There are always plenty of friendly employees around willing to help you out. The store is clean and well organized as well.
4 This is written from a wife's perspective of a store her husband LOVES.  Take it as you will!  We are at Sportsman's Warehouse at least once a month, so I am learning the lingo and hope it makes sense to the regular clientele of the store.   I think this is a great store for your outdoor needs.  First off, the store is huge and filled will everything you need for camping, fishing, hunting, clothing, and other outdoorsy things.  It isn't as big as Bass Pro, but I like it and it is easy to navigate and still has a ton of options for anything you are looking for.    Each section is huge with everything you can think of there.  There are also a lot of the items on display, so you can really check them out up close to see which you prefer.  It is always nice to mess around with this stuff before you buy it, especially the high ticket items, to make sure it is what you really want.  They also have a well stocked gun section and pretty knowledgeable people working there to help you.  Almost all of them are really friendly, there is only one gump I have encountered, and maybe it was just a bad day when I spoke to him.  Not sure on him.  They also post the fishing forecast and reports for all of the major areas within a couple hours drive.  It makes it nice to plan your weekend fishing adventure.  Who wants to go where nothing is biting?  Any help in that front is welcomed at my house, since we aren't very good fishermen here.  Shhh, don't tell my husband!  And lastly, and probably the most important, they have everything you need for the zombie apocalypse!  Some of the items are even marketed for zombie survival stuff.  Awesome, right??? Doomsday Preppers unite!    If you need outdoorsy stuff, go check out this store because you will probably find it there.
2 So there I was, looking for some new arrows for my new recurve I just bought. I was browsing up and down the isle when one of the sales associates calls from behind the counter "Be with you in a minute, sweety!"   EEXOOOOOOOoooooooOOOooooSSSSSSEEE MEE?  This sweety is about to take some arrows off the shelf and shove them in your direction really fast. In a place you won't like.  I digress.  Their selection of arrows is pretty vast, but a bit on the pricey side. I decided to do some price comparisons through other stores and on the internet.   Not to mention some other sales associate couldn't answer any of my questions I had about the gold tip arrows. He kinda just ignored me and walked away.  They're not the most expensive in town, but I think I could get a better deal somewhere else with a staff that's much more professional.  Pretty much, if you have a vagina, don't expect to be taken seriously here. Cause apparently only men hunt. UGA UGA BUUGA!
4 They have something for everyone.  The only bad thing about this place is every time I go here it costs me at least a couple hundred bucks lol.  Too much good stuff.  The prices are very reasonable and most times beat online prices, and they're local so no waiting for stuff to show up in the mail.
4 I have been going to this place for quite some time and have no real complaints. I have purchased everything from camping materials, guns, ammo, clothes, etc.  Only one time have I ever had to return anything and it was due to MFG weakness and they handled it with no issues. The staff treats my wife and mother in law with honesty and respect and not with the usual condescending attitude towards females you see alot in sporting good stores.  I also appreciate the large volume of retired and active duty military that are always in the store, says alot about it.
5 I've found the prices are fair.  Some lower and some higher than rei etc.  I have only good things to say about the staff.  One employee actually stopped their conversation with another employee because he could tell I had a question.  That's a rare concept these days.  My kids love to go and see all the taxidermy animals.
5 Absolutely excellent customer service in the archery department.   My husband and I were shopping around for kayaks and boats yesterday afternoon. We ran all over the valley to many different sporting goods stores. Normally we would not trek so far out to where Sportsman's Warehouse is located, but we did anyway. I had never been to this location before.  Overall it is quite large, there are two levels, however not much is to be found on level two save for a few kayaks and boats. Mainly here you are going to find camping, fishing, and hunting equipment.   The biggest chunk of our visit was spent in the archery department where we both actually ended up purchasing our first bow and arrow sets. The two men working in this department were incredibly knowledgeable and helpful in every aspect of our purchase. We were both able to try out bows and shoot arrows. Then the two employees fitted our bows to our exact needs. We also went over all the practical things we were going to have to have to start out and they gave us many pointers on how to get started.   After all was said and done we were allowed to go back and shoot our bows again and given some instruction. They also gave us helpful hints on where to go shoot. And we were given passes to the Clark County Range at the end of our purchase. We were there for a little over 2 hours and not once did I get the feeling we were unwelcome. We were even there a little past the time the store closed, but no employees seemed upset we had to be there a little longer than usual.   I think Sporstman's Warehouse definitely hires people who KNOW what they are talking about and are experts in what they do. This is a nice change from some stores who shall remain nameless that do the exact opposite. I am sure my husband and I will be back here for any needs we may have with archery or even other sports related things.
4 Always helpful and great selections.
5 They guy at the gun counter was awesome. It's was just about closing and he wasn't urging me out just talking to me like it was just opening. He turned me to a few handguns that I had not even thought of trying out. Thank you!! Great service 100%
5 Great customer service employee Sione helped me during my entire shopping process while I had only a vague idea of what I wanted he showed me different products while explaining their functions I left store very pleased
5 My first time went there and bought an AR-15. Cheaper than cheaperthandirt! Staffs are super friendly. Trevor at firearm department help me through the whole process smoothly. He's very patient and polite. The store got better deal and more tactical accessories than Bass Pro. Will go more often even though I live in Henderson.
4 Overpriced ammunition but that's standard everywhere hence why I reload. I come here for primers, gun cleaning equipment, tumbling media and maybe some camping gear at some point. Staff is friendly and prices are good excluding ammo. Rarely have powder or bullets I need so I buy 1000 primers a month or so and that is about it. Wish they had some .224 fmj bullets, I'd even take surplus m 855.
4 My Uncle wanted to stop in here to look for something so I killed some time looking at shoes as I was in the market for new shoes. The lady helping me seemed to really know her stuff and was great in helping me try on different pairs. At the end of the day, I wound up walking out with a new pair of shoes. Prices were reasonable. The place sells all sorts of outdoor gear for hiking, camping, shooting, kayaking, etc. Great customer service and only wish we had one back home.
