3 The staff here is just o.k.  Not super friendly except for the Club manager.  She is a sweetheart!  Equipment is cleaned a lot!  Some broken equipment as it is a busy club.  I've seen some of it get fixed quickly and other pieces like the stairmasters take forever to be repaired.    Two complaints: 1. NOT enough classes and they are always full. 2.  It is too HOT in this gym most of the time. Makes some of us who work out together feel kind of sick.
2 Other than the extreme proximity to my home, the only other reason I go to this gym is Oscar. Oscar is my personal trainer that I started with in January 2011. Please understand I don't really use him as I should instead I use him as a friend while working out. Since I moved to AZ and did not really know anyone Oscar is my new friend. However Oscar has got my ass down 12 lbs and in great shape so kudos to hi!   On to the gym. Long story short this place sucks. No towel service, always stinky, no cardio TV, whack group classes this list goes on and on. Maybe I was spoiled at Xport fitness (my last gym) but I don't think so. Seriously this place needs a face lift S.T.A.T. The equipment is falling apart & the music is just awful. I took a spin class and the music selection by the instructor was The Beetles THE ENTIRE TIME! R U KIDDING ME? Spin is supposed to be intense. I can really appreciate all music but I need fast upbeat high tempo music to spin to and nothing about The Beetles does this. I go to 24 hour fitness almost everyday so don't get me wrong I do value that I have a gym here in NE mesa but there is no doubt in my mind that the moment another gym comes around, I and 98% of the other members just might join. Since I have been signed up here I have seen a Manager fighting with another manager, equipment out for days at a time and no cleaning supplies to wipe of your machine after using. Gross! C'mon 24 hour fitness get it together. Oh let me go ahead and say one good thing about the gym. They offer a kids zone that my son loves to go to and it's got pretty good hours although it could be better on the weekends.
2 1. Too hot/humid.  They must either have a swamp cooler or they are just really cheap about running the A/C.  2. Equipment starting to get old.  They opened about 4 years ago and some of the cardio equip is showing its age. I've been noticing some repairs (new treadmill belts) lately, so I think mgmt is starting to care again.  3. Music too loud.  If I can hear the gym music WITH good noise canceling headphones on, it's too loud.  4. The place kind of smells. This could be related to #1.  If there was someplace better in our area, I'd go there instead. But there isn't... that's what we get for living out in the boonies.
4 The 8th 24hr is the best one..its big. The VALVISTA one has nasty old machines. Please do something about air being78° at the 8th St 24hr.  Hot and muggy! ElaineV
4 This is one of the cleanest 24 Hour locations I have been to.  There is a great separation of all the equipment and plenty of equipment.  The place is never too crowded so you can get all your exercises in.  I recommend this location to get in and out with all exercises.
4 Seriously a very nice gym.  The team members are polite, the other members stick to themselves, and the premises were spotless.    Enjoy hitting this gym up when visiting the family in East Mesa.  All the free weights, nice cardio equip, clean spa/steam room/locker room.  Solid 4.5 Stars!  Wish my 24Hr gym was more like this location - new, clean, not as packed, etc.
3 Nothing fancy. You get what you pay for...but glad to have a gym so close to home (and the freeway).
5 I frequently stop here and get a day pass, when i am visiting from Colorado. The staff are unfailingly polite and helpful. The establishment is quite clean- last evening at 9:00pm there were at least three people washing every surface- restrooms, all machinery, weight machines, etc.  The facility has a lot of equipment and it all works properly. I especially like the Hoist weight machines! There is easy parking, also.
3 Nice gym, usually not busy which I like, BUT they close at 9pm on the weekends!!!  They're 24 HRS they shouldn't close at all, seriously stupid and ridiculous.
4 I can go to all gyms with my membership, overall this gym is fine. It has lots of equipment and isnt crowded. I like the sauna and steam rooms, at my age I need them. I get a good workout and its clean, what more can you ask for.
5 Love this gym being so close to my house. It is a smaller place but that works for me. Not all the huge muscle men and body builders making you feel insecure about how you look and workout.  They have no pool but who needs one anyway. They do have a jacuzzi and that is all I need
