4 From the looks of the store front that says simply "Scuba" you wouldn't know exactly what to expect about the classes or the instructors inside.  Steve and Kelly are fun upbeat people that have a passion for what they do, and that is to teach scuba and do it so you enjoy it.    Steve will take the time to answer any and all questions, usually with a sound sense of humor, and the instruction staff is patient and kind, even in the face of some strange and kind of obvious questions.  Their main goal is to have every question answered and understood.    There are more expensive outfits out there, but this one should definitely be considered, shop around of course, if you want more pool sessions there are other people out there, but here they are willing to work with you on scheduling and they do it with a smile.
5 Stave and Kelly are the jam! We did our classes and pool sessions back in October, but because of some scheduling conflicts, we weren't able to meet again for our lake dives until April. Our fault completely, but they went above and beyond to work with our difficult arses to find a date to get us into that lake and certified. And by golly, we did it!  Obviously, I have never been certified for scuba before, so I can only go off this 1 experience. What I can say is that the attention to detail, and the extremely personable experience was more than I could have asked for. Steve and Kelly take their time to get to know their students, and make sure any and all questions/concerns are clearly explained.   I thought I was going to black out on the CESA, and my gf was terrified at the idea of taking her mask off 20ft underwater. We talked with Stave and Kelly before we did anything, and they mentally walked us through it, and prepared us. When you are doing your skills, they are within arms length and watching - making sure you are OK.  I would recommend Phoenix Scuba to anybody looking to not only get certified in Scuba, but to do it with some great people. I am looking forward to my future in diving, and am sure that I will be heading out with Steve and Kelly!
5 Steve and Kelly are incredible people.  The only thing that they are more passionate about than SCUBA is introducing and teaching others about it.  Everyone at the shop is incrediblity helpful and very attentive.  I have taken classes, gone on dive trips, and purchased almost all of my gear here even though I currently live in CA...that's right...that's just how awesome they are!  If you are a seasoned diver, just curious about SCUBA or anywhere in between, I highly recommend stopping by and talking with them.  Once you do you will be hooked too.
5 We got a Groupon for Phoenix Scuba, which one of the best decisions we made all year!  We wanted to be certified, but it seemed like it would be a long time before we did so because of the price.  We came from the East Valley, but the drive was WORTH the experience.  The class was informative and entertaining.  Kelly was able to accommodate four of us, which was great to be able to learn with loved ones/friends.  She was able to teach to all of our levels, which is much appreciated.  We did the pool session the next day, which was not only wonderful to get into the water, but also helped make me feel comfortable with all of this equipment on!  Kelly, and her partner that day (I believe it was Lisa), were very patient and helpful.  When we had to sign up for the open water swim, Kelly was once again very accommodating to our last minute schedules.  We got lost on the way, but Kelly had provided us with her cell phone, so we quickly found our way.  We met their other instructors, including Kelly's husband, Steve.  I was nervous because we had only been taught so far by Kelly and Lisa, but Steve immediately put my nerves at ease.  He was funny, yet patient and informative.  My partner "left" me and I panicked, but the instructors were so incredibly patient and helped me find him in the dark waters of Lake Pleasant.  The next day, they brought us further down, into the colder depths and scarier depths of the Lake.  I was having trouble with my ears, but no one rushed me or made me feel like I was holding anyone up.  We took our time, got comfortable and finally made it down to 30 feet, where we performed our tasks.  The entire time, I felt safe and comfortable and excited to be learning.  I would recommend  this company to friends and family!  It was a fabulous way to learn Scuba!
5 Love Phoenix Scuba:)  In my opinion this is the only place you should go to get your open water certification.    I bought a groupon earlier in the year for Phoenix Scuba for both myself and my fiance.  I've barely ever snorkeled, rarely traveled as a child, and grew up in MI, so my experience in the open water was somewhat limited (and yes, I did have the Great Lakes, but it's cold/frozen 8 months out of the year).    Kelly made the experience amazing for us both.  Mike and I struggled a bit (Mike couldn't get his mask to stop taking on water, I was having trouble breathing through the regulator), but we made it past the backyard pool run and onto the Lake Pleasant dives.  Scuba diving is not for everyone....diving 25+ feet under water was the by far the scariest thing I've ever done, but Kelly worked through our fears to make sure we both pressed on.  She took us both under her wing and worked with us individually to make sure we were comfortable with what we were doing.  She was the most wonderful teacher we could have asked for.  I love their selection of scuba gear at their shop.  Mike and I purchased their student scuba package (mask, snorkel, boats, and fins) for our upcoming honeymoon to Fiji.  Their gear is topnotch and Kelly and Steve will make sure that you are completely satisfied with your purchase.  I would encourage anyone that has ever wanted to scuba dive to go to Kelly and Steve to get their certification.  I can't speak highly enough of them:) I plan on going on one of their many scuba trips next year...after I pay off the Fiji trip....
5 What a great experience this was!  I have been diving a few times in various locations and decided it was time to finally get certified. The process was simple and thorough.  We started with a day class where we covered the classroom basics. Kelly was a great instructor who made the day fly by quickly. Her sense of humor made it very tolerable to sit for several hours. =)  The pool dive training was something I thought would be rather lame, but actually, it was really helpful. It was good to have a very close and comfortable environment to learn the equipment and really get a feel for the way it works. We did each drill required and were given ample time to learn what to do, practice it and make ourselves comfortable. Kelly and Steve had many people on staff there to help us. I think the ratio was probably about 2:1. It was perfect.  The two lake dives were great as well. We went to Lake Pleasant and were given the chance to explore a bit as we practiced the maneuvers and trained for safety. Safety and comfort were clearly the top priority for Steve, Kelly and the entire staff. Their passion for diving was clear.  One thing that I liked a lot about Steve and Kelly, was that they were very interested in our "independence". They did not want to baby us through the process. They knew when we traveled, that we would have to fend for ourselves, so they instilled confidence in us by allowing us to do everything on our own. They watched and checked us at all times, but they didn't do it for us. I think that was immensely valuable.   Overall, a great experience. I'm not planning to join them on a trip. They were truly enjoyable to learn from.   Highly recommended. Great training. Great pricing. Great people.
5 I also bought a deal for the Open Water Dive course at Phoenix Scuba, and needless to say, I have been very satisfied with their level of customer service.   The Open Water classroom course is quick - they go over key points from the book (which you are supposed to read beforehand...so if you do not do your homework, you might suffer for it), however, even if you are a little lazy in your studying, they make sure that you know all of the important information.  The pool for the certification is a little small, but really, I feel like pools are meant to get you comfortable with your equipment, with breathing underwater, and to practice.  So it could be a huge pool or a tiny pool, but as long as you are underwater, who cares? We had 2 instructors that went through everything with us in the pool. They were patient and talked you through any skills that you were having difficulty with, and by the end of the day I felt MUCH more comfortable about SCUBA.   The Lake Dive was a bit challenging for me, I had trouble with some of the skills, but the instructor was very patient, made sure I was comfortable, and helped me finish my certification. I did think that going through a bit of a 'worst case scenario' at the lake was probably the best - now if it ever happens I know what to do and how to deal with it.   I really don't think that at the end of the certification you are expected to be a master at SCUBA, I think you are given enough tools to go dive safely. Really, it just takes practice getting comfortable in the water. That being said, we have been back for some Advanced Dives with Phoenix Scuba and despite poor Lake Pleasant conditions, have not been unsatisfied with their help and knowledge.  Phoenix Scuba really treats their divers like family. They know your name and your face,  they actually remember you. They do take care of all their divers and their level of customer service truly is unmatched.
5 Phoenix Scuba is great! Very knowledgeable, yet down to earth instructors! Definitely have my recommendation for certification!
5 Great deal for certification, no hassles, and really great service.  A different shop sounded really shady with its groupon and then I found Phoenix Scuba (live4divin) and am glad I went with them instead.  Fun pool dives and great lake dives.
5 These guys were super awesome. They were helpful and really knew their stuff!
