3 This place is located in a strip mall and offers a good, filling meal. I got the Hawaiian BBQ Combo (Beef and Chicken). The white Styrofoam container was bursting at the seams when I got my meal. There is a good amount of meat for $7.99 and the rice and salad were decent.  There is an indoor seating area that is ample and a bevy of sauces available for your consumption. However, the sauce that the meat was marinated in was very sufficient. I would come here again.
4 Went here last night for dinner. The place was very clean and unfortunately - sorta sparse. I guess the South Side doesn't appreciate Hawaiian food like I do. :(   I had the Bulkogi short ribs. They were braised in this wonderful tariyaki-like sauce and were very tender!! I was in heaven while eating it and I tried my cousin's chicken katsu and it was wonderful! I loved it too!! i wish they had a bulkogi and katsu combo... but alas they don't! :( They have a pretty big menu and I needed a few minutes just to read through it all. and I didn't even get through it all! :(   When our food came Steve is absolutely right! Our containers were BURSTING with yummy food! :) My ONLY complaint is that the Macaroni salad has onions in it. I hate onions. but that's just me.   I am totally adding this place on my list of regular haunts. I know it's a fast food chain... but damnit it's GOOD! I look forward to trying the Span Masubi!! It's a giant piece of nori wrapped sushi made with SPAM!! How could that be bad?!?! I also want to try the Hawaiian BBQ Chicken Noodle Soup. :)   to my yelpers, I say GO! i know there's another location Phoenix... but if you're on this side and you want to dine in a clean and you're REALLY hungry and want to be REALLY full... and you love BBQ like I love BBQ and have a few extra bucks to spend and are willing to give a fast food chain a try... then give this place a try! Where the grill is always hot and the surf's always up! :D
5 One of my favorite places to eat!  The BBQ Beef is the best I've ever had and the macaroni salad has been fresh and delicious every single time.  They take a long time getting your order ready, but its worth the wait because they obviously make it fresh and aim to please.  Put the hot sauce on your macaroni salad if you like HOT stuff... so good! I've also tried the BBQ Chicken, which was also fresh and delicious and the Chicken Katsu.  My wife and daughter loved the Katsu as well.  I've seen some negative reviews of this place and I'm shocked to hear them, so I had to write about how great this place is!  Go try it for yourself and try the BBQ Beef!  YUMMMMMMM!
2 I'm from Hawaii and as such, please take my opinion with a grain of salt unless you as well are picky and spoiled when it comes to Hawaiian barbeque.  I've been to three places for Hawaiian bbq while in Arizona, and Ono Hawaiian is definitely the worst of them.  The fact that is it a chain first raised red flags, although I knew this fact when I decided to come.  I ordered then curry chicken katsu and I was horribly disappointed.  The curry was more like water-with-curry-flavoring.  It was watery and instead of adding flavor, like curry is supposed to, it made my rice mushy and my katsu soggy.  If you want good Hawaiian BBQ, go to Aloha Kitchen, run by a local Hawaiian family, in Mesa.  It's a drive if you're close to Ono Hawaiian, but it's absolutely worth it and reminds me of being back in the Islands.
4 Ono Hawaiian BBQ is a great place if you are looking for something healthy and affordable.  I love their $5 value meal.  You have your choice between chicken, beef, pork and it comes with boiled cabbage, drink and choice of steamed rice or macaroni salad.  To cut back on the carbs, I just get a double order of cabbage.    There are many fast food options in that area, but if you are looking for something fast and healthy, Ono Hawaiian is a great place to go.
4 Sometimes you've got to satisfy your spam musubi cravings, luckily for me there's an Ono's close to my work and I'm able to get me a spam musubi fix. MMMMmmmm for spam musubi, spam and sticky rice with teriyaki sauce wrapped in a seaweed roll... yum yum! And with my spam musubi i usually get the curry chicken katsu... with a scoop of rice and two scoops of macaroni salad... it makes for a good plate lunch altho it's a tad pricey, wish it was slightly cheaper. But we're aways from the islands and plus this Californian chain is not really from Hawaii but it's still good stuff! Totally recommend if you're craving spam musubi and some katsu, it satisfies and spam is just yum!
5 Okay, since there's no Poi Bowl here not to mention all my other favorite places in Hawaii, yes I'm a regular. I usually go to the one on Thomas unless I'm doing my shopping up this way. But so far I've been disappointed every time with the rice. Who ever is cooking it doesn't know what they're doing. It's sticky rice, not chewy rice with hard bits. Other than that, I've only had my usual, chicken katsu, and with that I have no complaints although I seem to get more chicken at the one on Thomas.
4 Cute staff, great service and mouthwatering BBQ that is the stuff of dreams. If you dream about smiling faces and Hawaiian BBQ.  They're part of a franchise so they have stupid rules they adhere to in limiting substitutions, but I go out of my way as often as possible to eat here. Their musubi is probably the cheapest meal replacement I could think of and it's the perfect introduction to their palette of flavor.   I'd like more variety, like being able to have beef slapped into a bowl for one thing (why is beef over rice weird???) and then you are required to submit to both rice and macaroni salad, I'm sure there are other sides on Hawaii. I think. I dunno.    Anyway, I've got some gripes with the menu, but I adore it all the same and their prompt, polite and courteous staff keep me coming back for that outstanding food.  I wouldn't really recommend eating in there, personally. But it has supplied me with exquisite meals on the go for years.
1 Here's the reality and its sad.  Ono's used have good decent food.  However, the quality have dropped at the Baseline location, the Thomas Road location, and the West Phoenix location.  The rice is never properly cooked, the meats are either over-cooked and burnt or under-cooked, the veggies are often too raw, and the portions sloppily placed in the boxes.  Sure the counter staff tries to make corrections when this pointed out, but really, should the customer have to serve as their quality control agents?  Also, how healthy can poorly cooked (over and under cooked) food be?  To make things worse and to signal of how things have deteriorated, I called their corporate consumer number 6 times and never received a call back.  Now, if the corporate office doesn't care about their product and how their locations are not being run correctly, why should I spend my money at their stores?  I won't anymore as their a plenty of other restaurants who want my business and are willing to properly prepare and serve their food.    I shared my experiences with some of my friends and they added that they too have had poor food from Ono's.  They had stopped going there, but thought they were just being too strict.  Now they know that others like myself have discovered what disasters Ono has become.  Life is too short to put up with a restaurant chain that doesn't care about their customers and who can't get their food done right.  Spend your hard-earned money at Ono's at your own risk. I know I won't and many others also will not.  You have been warned.
4 Awesome food with rice that should be warmer,
2 I have been to the Ono location in North Scottsdale and I think this location could stand to take a few lessons from them as they did not measure up.  The boyfriend and I went to Ono on a Sunday afternoon eager to stuff our faces with yummy Hawaiian food and spend the Groupon I had purchased.  There was one person working the register and she was not very personable, couldn't follow what we were ordering (I ordered, then boyfriend ordered, then the counter person asked me what I was having??), and took forever to figure out how to deal with the Groupon. Then when our food came out she forgot to give us forks and napkins. They don't have any napkins out by the drinks or on tables. By this point she was putting ice in the soda machine so it took about 10 minutes into our meal before I could get a napkin. Do they have a problem with people taking too many napkins that they feel the need to hide and ration them? Weird.  Anyway, onto the food. We ordered two plate lunches and two musubi. Hands down the WORST musubi I've ever had. The seaweed was so tough we couldn't bite through it so it was just a mess. The spam was the thinnest piece I've ever seen. Awful. Save your money for something else.  The BBQ chicken was pretty good, not the best, but pretty good. The mac salad is not great, very heavy mayo. Now, I know mac salad is made with mayo and I don't expect it to be light by any means but I also don't eat mayo out of the jar either and that's what this tasted like.  Overall I was not impressed, not satisfied and I will not be going back. Ono turned this dining experience into an Oh No!
4 so dis one time, wen i stay up in phoenix, i was hungry for some local kine grinds. my fren said, eh, why not try some ono hawaiian bbq? they stay close by, and da food broke da mout. brah, he was right! i had mop some bbq chicken wit mac salad and rice. hit da spottttt! cheeeee pono! dis hawaiian stay happy. was so ono i had for take one order to go. wish i had da kine in tucson!! aloooooha.
4 I'm from Hawaii and I thought ono's was pretty good. The BBQ chicken was good. The katsu seemed a little weird but it tasted good and the portions great! Too bad they don't have meat jun!
4 This place is close to my work so I will have a lunch a day a month or so  when I want to be filled up and want some decent Hawaiian food.  I wouldn't call it authentic because I LOVED me some L&L when it was in town and there are a few other restaurants that are a little better. This hits the spot when I'm craving some mac salad and some BBQ beef - get the mini meal.
4 Ono Hawaiin BBQ is one of the only 'Fast Food' places I allow myself (and my boyfriend) to eat at.  The reason being is because the food, while prepared quickly, is yummy, clean goodness!  Our rule of thumb is to share a grilled bbq chicken meal with no steamed rice, extra cabbage (for me) and extra macaroni salad (for Papa)....This makes everyone happy!  Our sauces of choice are the Katzu sauce and Hot Mustard - We find that the Teriyaki sauce is just too sweet.  The portions are giant, so if it's just for one, I would highly recommend the half meal (unless you want leftovers), it's plenty, trust!  Bottomline, this is a convenient, clean, meal option spot that will have you coming back time and time again - All at a great value to boot.....Can't go wrong!
1 I ordered the Hawaii BBQ chicken and after consuming half of the food, I found a long black hair at the bottom of the plate... Totally disgusted me, I will never eat there again.  I filed a complaint with the Health Department..
5 No matter witch one I go to they are always delicious and the staff is very friendly. The service is always fast and I'm always happy about my portions. When I come here I am more than happy to pay for what I get knowing it will be well worth it. The meat is well done, rice is so soft and sweet, and the Mac is heaven... Even if it's made from simple ingredients. If someone has not tried it and I pass one we will go every time !
2 What happened? I had Ono's at a different location and it was decent. This location? Horrible. First off, the staff consists of ghetto high school kids with attitudes and no smiles or even a personality. The chicken, on 2 seperate occasions, was REALLY fatty. You find yourself spending most of the time picking off the fat than eating. The rice wasnt cooked correctly one visit. The flavors of some of their sauces are ok, but that wont get me to go back. Especially when Chiptole is a few doors down. And especially when its vastly overpriced. Good portions, but too bad most is inedible.
4 First time at Ono today. Stopped by on a Sunday at 2:30 PM and there were six tables full. Unfortunately five of them were waiting for their order.   I ordered the #44: BBQ and Katsu combo. Order arrived in 18 minutes. The plate came with steamed cabbage, rice and Mac salad.   First the sides: the Mac is a Hawaiian tradition but never my fave. The rice was hot, sweet and sticky, just the way I like it. The steamed cabbage was, well, steamed cabbage. Just a filler but I like cabbage.   The BBQ: the chicken was okay but the beef was excellent. Juicy, sweet, tender, yummy. The chicken Katsu was crisp, light and tender, another yum. Good meal, they need to add a cook, tho.
2 I got the fried shrimp plate. It was way over fried. the macaroni salad and rice were really good though.
