5 Okay,talk about coincidences.... The other day I was compli-chatting with fellow yelper Jarvis about hard to find music. Today I run into a past acquaintence while out and about. How do either of these tie into a review of Boom Boom La Rue's? Okay,follow along if you will. So I run into this past acquaintence who's apparently had a bit of a rough week.She tells me about finding this store in the middle of a bad day and it immediately turned her frown upside down. She's raving about it.Then she tells me she has a yelp account and has added a review. I tell her I too have some reviews on yelp. Today I'm in that neck of the woods and so I stop in. Holy hell! This place is a drag queen's delight! It's insanely glitterific and there are beaded dresses and sequined accessories everywhere. Not anything I can personally do anything with,but I did manage to pick up a few things as gifts for friends. And none of it broke the bank. What does this have to do with my convo with Jarvis? A day or so ago we were discussing hard to find music and I brought up Nina Hagen. The sales girl in this store was a DEAD RINGER for Nina Hagen!!!! Flame red spikey hair and clothes right out of 1978 pure punk rock! That took me back to the good old days for sure. She knew the stock,was able to make excellent suggestions by asking specific questions and wasn't the least bit pushy. She was able to attend to  several customers at the same time and created a very social atmosphere for everyone there. For someplace I didn't expect to feel comfortable in,it was a pleasant surprise. While there wasn't anything there I would feel the need to buy for myself,I could see going back again and again to get gifts for friends. A great experience.
4 If anything, this is a fun place to look around. It's like looking through your drag mother's attic. Boom Boom La Rue's is situated in its own pavillion in the Antiques Marketplace. It isn't a drag superstore; it's just a small little annex in the main building. They have a lot of women's clothes that are obviously not for women and gaudy accessories are plentiful. The clothes are really just hyperbolic interpretations of what women wear. One can find a vast selection of shoes, women's sizes 10 and up. As one who does drag only for Halloween, I must say this cozy little place offers larger shoes I need (size 12 in women's) and offers also a fun little stop if I'm in the building.
5 Boom Boom La Rue's is by far the best! Going in there is like visiting a toy store. The costumes are over the top, the wigs are to die for and the customer service is super fabulous! Joseph and Sherman work so hard and are very talented at what they do. My company "Scandalesque" shops there often. I also send all my Burlesque students to Boom Boom's to get professional critiques and custom made costumes. Adore them so much! Highly recommend visiting them. Tell them Pyrrha sent ya!
5 I love all things sparkly and Boom Boom La Rue's totally hit the spot. From wonderlicious wigs to couture corsets covered in crystals this amazing boutique is my new best friend . Joseph and Sherman's hand made creations are perfect for any coming out party or Drag debut so go in and get glittered up by two of the best in the business.
2 Fun if you're a drag queen with disposable income. But for a guy who's just buying heels for fun , not the best. I love their catalogues and wide selection , but the prices are off the charts. I'm not a drag queen , and I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
5 I am so sorry. My account was hacked by a asshole ex-friend . I love your store. The original has to stay up while I'm going through legal crap. I am so sorry. I would never say that. I love your heels. I wear them whenever I can. I am so sorry. I love your stuff.
4 I can't say this is a store I would normally shop in.  If you are into "dressing up", I think it would be in interesting for men and women, young or old.They certainly are not lacking for inventory.  For just guy things, things can be exotic or just fun.
3 For all that don't know, this shop is geared towards drag queens. However, all are welcome here! The costumes are a bit out-dated and way overpriced. The mens clothing area leaves a lot to be desired. You can find better products and prices at many other stores in the valley.
