3 I wouldn't call this a "reflexology" treatment, but more of an Asian foot massage business, similar to nail salons. The atmosphere is very nice, room is dark with comfortable massage chairs. They start by soaking your feet in warm water and massaging your face, head and arms. It's best if you wear shorts and a tshirt. Then they rub your feet for about 30 minutes, and end with a hot towel to wipe off any access lotion.   I have had reflexology before and would not consider this reflexology. It's a nice foot rub for the $25 price, and the automated massage chairs are the best ones I have ever been in. There is a no cell phone policy but I would have liked a no talking policy too. I was very relaxed until a man and woman came in and started talking non stop. It was annoying.   They charge $35 for an hour but M-Th it's $10 off. The actual foot massage was about 30 minutes. I have been to these places before and expected a little better/firmer massage and am used to a long neck/shoulder massage which I didn't get. It was very clean and staff was very nice. I will go back until I find something that offers a little more massage.
4 This was my first experience with reflexology, and for $25 ($10 off Mon-Thurs),I was super pleased.  I skipped the foot soak since I had come over from the nail salon but the massage part lasted for an hour and put me right to sleep.  Comfortable chairs, dark and soothing music.   The massage chairs were a bit too rough for me but that could just be me. Absolutely worth the money.
4 I became addicted to foot massages while traveling through China a couple of years ago (they are everywhere and cheap). I recently decided to revisit that habit. What this place offers is not exactly a foot massage - while laying back in a comfortable chair with nice music (flutes, nature), they start with your head, shoulders, back, arms, legs and finally make it to your feet. I think my feet ended up with the least amount of attention. Did I leave relaxed? Most definitely, and the price was right ($25 for one hour). For these reasons, I rate it four stars. I just wanted a little more attention on my feet.
2 I usually have nothing bad to say about this place since the treatments are always so great, but my last visit set me over the edge with their management.   Very poorly run business.   I called to schedule an appointment for my daughter and I for her Birthday. We came in at our expected time to find that the guy at the front desk wrote us down for another day. I would have understood that mistakes happen, but it was the fact that he made it seem like it was my fault we were written down for another day. All he needed to do was own up to the mistake made and we would be on our way.   What ever happened to "the customer is always right?" Not at this place. I would suggest getting someone new up at the front desk ASAP. I would hate for others to have the same experience.
5 The crown jewel of foot spa experiences right here, friends. It could use a more glorious name than Hand and Foot Reflexology but the direct title certainly adds the measure of authenticity. I knew it would be the real deal.   So it came as a complete surprise that the therapists added more to the experience, specifically heating pads for every position. A warm little pad for your back at the beginning, one for your neck later, something near the feet. Also each 2 seat space was protected from the hallway light with curtain panels.   The music was great, the massage high quality, the therapists friendly. They also never went overboard on foot pressure.  I highly recommend this location if you're in the Scottsdale area. $30/hr, and a nice big tip is a steal.
5 Fantastic massage! I was extremely relaxed by the end of my full body. The price for one hour was $30.00 and I left a $15.00 tip. It was amazing!!!
5 Great massage experience. It is not only a food reflexology, which is good, and they also massage my shoulder and neck. My neck was killing me, it is really helpful.  $20=0.5 hour, $30=1 hour, $45= 1.5 hour, $60= 2 hour, no extra charge for credit card.  Best price I ever see.   It is Amazing!!
4 This place is great but you need to take off your Scottsdale spa-snob hat. It's a quaint family run place and the owners are really happy to see you.  It's also Super clean. The price is below market as they try to grow their business - I assume they'll raise prices some day. I gave them a $20 tip because I felt guilty getting a 60 minute massage for $30!   Be patient with the less than perfect English - they're genuinely trying to understand you!  Just laugh with then - they know their English sucks so just roll with it - there's some good laughs talking to them.
5 I just got a 60 minute massage at Hand and Foot Reflexology! It was excellent and extremely reasonable! It was very firm, which I like, and I actually felt knots in my back release. The foot massage was especially amazing! The man who did the massage seemed very knowledgeable regarding technique.   It's a lovely space with nice music, and heated pads for your back and neck. The owners are very kind and hospitable. I just scheduled a 90 minute massage for my husband and me in a couple of weeks! I can't wait.
5 After a grueling hike up camelback my dogs needed love.  I've never had a foot message before, but I may go back tomorrow.  Great value, quiet, clean, relaxing and the hour foot massage was wonderful. Massage focuses on the foot, but includes calves, shins and knees. Ended with a brief neck/shoulder rub to bring me out of my relaxed state of slumber.
1 Creepy! Don't go here. I couldn't get into my favorite reflexology place down the road, so I thought I'd try this place out after reading the good reviews. Boy am I sore and sorry. I started by asking for a gentle massage. He tried to insist that I needed a two hour or at least 90 minute massage. I told him I only had time for the hour appointment I booked. After he slathered me up in lotion, and repeatedly ran it through my hair and got it on my clothes, I was a little concerned and confused. The place I go to only uses lotion on my legs and feet. He continued to dig so deeply into my arms and shoulders that I had to keep telling him to please stop he was hurting me. Then he told me since it was "only" an hour appointment, "no feet, just your shoulders and back"??? I came here for reflexology. I am used to 15 min shoulders, half hour feet, and 15 min back. I did not understand why no foot reflexology? After I turned face down he told me to take my top off and undo my bra! What??? I of course told him no. This is supposed to be a clothes on reflexology massage. Don't go here if you are a single woman alone. I felt unsafe. Today I was so shocked, I paid and left. Tonight I am angry and I have bruises. Tomorrow I will call the management and let them know exactly what happened. If you're reading this, please travel down the road and find a safer, better place to go. P.S. If you look closely, there are two more on star reviews that are listed in the "unapproved" section at the bottom for some reason. It must be hit or miss here...but the miss is so bad that I suggest you miss going here entirely.
