5 Scott White is an amazing trainer!!  He is incredibly passionate and knowledgeable about fitness, nutrition and the human body!  He keeps the exercises interesting by always changing it up and incorporating new techniques.  He is fun and addicting-  I highly recommend him!!
1 Completely unprofessional, no show for my training class. I scheduled and payed for a BLM training class on his website and payed for it through PayPal.  He never bothered to show up for the training class and left me sitting in the parking lot for an hour.  I called and emailed him with no response, trying to get him to return my money.  I finally had to process the dispute through PayPal, and now finally got the funds back over three weeks after the scheduled class.  He never even bothered responding to PayPal making the return process take even longer.  I believe he was too busy admiring himself in the mirror to respond to a paying customer that was screwed over by his inability to show up to a scheduled class.  Don't do business with this jerk unless you want to waste your time and money..
5 Great facility with great trainers. Everyone makes you feel welcomed. Come check it out. Get a free session
5 I am an athletic individual who has grown up playing sports (high school, college, etc.).  I have always considered myself to be in shape up until about 11 months ago when I started training at PPT with Scott White.  It wasn't until 30 minutes in to our first session when I was laying on the floor with an overwhelming feeling of nausea that I realized I wasn't.  I have been hooked ever since.  Now my form has been corrected, I am making positive gains daily, my core strength, balance, and cardio have all improved tremendously and my cardio is amazing.  I am looking forward to finishing off this last month and starting a brand new year at PPT.  Thanks Scott!!!  Hard work!  Dedication...
5 I've been training here for close to a year now and I can honestly say that this place has helped transform my body. I'm down 80 pounds already!. Every time I train here, I work harder then I would ever push myself and I've seen the results.  I highly recommend Scott and his team of trainers. They make the work out fun and always challenging. No matter how badly I feel when I walk through those doors, I always leave in a good mood.  Check them out, you won't regret it!!
1 Scott White is a complete scammer.  He hired me to do PR work for him and signed a 3 month contract for services.  It specifically spelled out the terms in the contract that he signed.  I landed him some huge media opportunities.  For the last month of his 3 month contract, he did a chargeback on services through he credit card company.  Absolutely disgusting that he chose to ignore a legal document that he signed, plus not even notify me of his unhappiness.  Ill be taking him to small claims court, but I just wanted you all to be aware that he is super shady.
