3 Very nice little joint. Nice atmosphere, great tapas but needs a bit more greenery in the menu to add a bit of variety to proceedings. Definitely worth a visit though if you need a Spanish fix.
4 Fantastic.........  The two of us went there on a Saturday @ 6pm withought booking, which wasn't a problem, they gave us two hrs which was fine, we had 5 tapas to start and the paella for 2 which was great with 2 Btls wine £67. staff are very friendly and nothings to much bother, a great atmosphere too.   Enjoy.
3 This place might have a great central location, and it might stand out from all the other multitude of eateries in the George Street area because there aren't that many spanish places around, but I still don't rate it.  Loads of Spanish restaurants, in my opinion, leave you tasting nothing more than paprika and grease in your mouth for the rest of the evening/week, and Café Andalúz didn't really much to dispel that theory.  I also couldn't help thinking it was overpriced. Not because the food wasn't good, but because with it being tapas the portions were really small and so I left thinking I could easily go for the same again.  They do offer really good deals on their website, and in the snapfax for the benefit of students, but everyone I know who's tried to take them up on this has had no end of problems. Unless you quote the offer code or snapfax page at least ten times when calling up to book, or when you first arrive, you can expect to see abosultely nothing of the promos or discounts you thought you were going to receive.  It's lucky the setting is lovely, and the service is efficient, or I'd definitely be giving this 2 stars.
5 This is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh if I'm heading out last-minute. It always gaurantee's quality and the food is delicious! And you don't have to be particularly dressy either - amazing!  My first visit here was with my dad, after we had just climbed Arthurs Seat (imagine sweat marks, curly hair and muddy shoes) but I didn't feel uncomfortable. Partly because it had a really casual atmosphere, and partly because it's quite dark in here!   The staff are really friendly and eager to help. As a result of my first visit, I come to Andaluz (what the cool kids call it) every other week or so. My order is always the same....  Mussels in a white wine and garlic sauce Scallops with parma ham and leeks Honey-mustard Chicken Black Pudding with Apple mango chutney  I usually go with someone else, and the above selection usually fills us up. I thoroughly recommend the Black Pudding with chutney, and it goes really well with the honey-chicken.  The only bad thing about Andaluz is the price of wine - the cheapest bottle is around £13, but I suppose the free mints at the door compensate for this.
4 If you look below, you'll find a fairly accurate description of how your mouth will feel after a visit to Cafe Andaluz. I'm going to be a bit more generous though and say it's paprika and (greasy) olive oil you taste for weeks afterwards. That's not really a problem for me though, as I love paprika, olive oil, and grease if I'm being honest.   Cafe Andaluz is a small but popular chain, and while it has the usual chain drawbacks of a slightly processed edge to proceedings and a very sanitised ambience, I quite like it. The scallops and paella are particularly tasty, as is a potato dish of which I can't quite remember the name.  Ladies, watch out for the randy old Spanish waiters, they could really do with a cold shower.
5 If you love tapas than Cafe Andaluz offers the best tapas around and it's always a struggle for me to pick what I want off the menu as everything always looks so good. My favourites are;  Patatas Gratinadas - which is to die for, layered potatoes with a creamy sauce over it, has to be my favourite. Paella Valenciana - a mixed paella with fish and meats, amazing. Pollo Marinado - Chicken with a lemon and coriander dressing with yoghurt and last but not least; squid rings. Yum!    I had a rather embarrassing experience here once, we went with a big group and a friend brought along his new girlfriend who was a complete pain in the backside, always trying to outdo everyone else. She decided she would be "smart" and spoke to the waiter in Spanish and ordered everything in Spanish too, to which he just replied; "right, so you want the prawns, the potatoes and the asparagus?". Hilarious!  It's worthwhile joining their mailing list as they often send special offers, I recently got an e-mail with a 20% off voucher for my next meal here!
3 The first time I had a meal at Cafe Andaluz, after it had just recently opened, I have to admit to being quite disappointed. I lived in Spain for a good wee while, so I do know a bit about how tapas are meant to taste, but it's not even that, even if you haven't set foot in Spain in your life before, it's pretty obvious what constitutes something tasty. The tapas were definitely a bit below par on this occasion, but I put that down to early teething problems, because when I decided to revisit Cafe Andaluz again recently to take advantage of a good lunch deal they had going, everything was so much better, and could definitely be described as tasty.  This is certainly a good option if you're looking to book somewhere for a group in the centre of town, and it's also great banter ordering lots of different dishes and trying out and sharing a variety of different tapas.
3 Had a really nice meal with huge selection. Food was top notch and price was very reasonable. Would recommend.
3 I went here for dinner on a Sunday and even though they were running a special, two of us split two tapas and paella.  The special runs every Sunday, apparently.  Three tapas and dessert for about 15 quid.  Looking back, I think I'd rather have chosen that option.  The patatas gratinadas and albondigas we ordered were very tasty but the paella was just a bit too oily for me.    Other than that, it was a fairly standard dining experience.  Nothing amazing to report.  The lighting is dark and the music is soft, so feel free to take along a hot date.  Just don't count on them being wowed out of their knickers.
5 My Boyfriend and I came across this place by accident and loved it.  As we were visiting Edinburgh for just one night we weren't sure of where to go but came across this place as we wandered around. Its fantastic.  The place has an excellent vibe and atmosphere. I loved the decor. As always with tapas i struggled to decided what to have so decided to go with the set menu. The food was fantastic and there was plenty.   The waiters were very friendly and helpful and all in all I give this place top marks. Defo worth a visit!
3 This was my first visit to a Spanish restaurant outside Spain so I was really looking forward to eating at Café Andaluz. When I walked in I immediately liked the restaurant interior and the atmosphere. The waiter was attentive and all the dishes came out to our table quickly. The wine was good but my partner and I didn't really like most of the tapas we were sharing. There was nothing wrong with the food at all, it would be just down to our personal tastes (we're not big seafood fans). I'm glad I tried the dishes but all the portions were really really tiny and we both went home as hungry as when we went in. We felt it was too expensive for the amount of food we got.
4 Went here mostly against my will as office mates overpowered my suggestions for a night out in 4 or 5 Yelper star recommended restaurants. I was, however, immediately impressed with the decor and atmosphere as we were guided up the spiral staircase adorned with Spanish tiles, rod iron railing, and basked in light from copper lanterns. We were plied with olives and bread and dipping sauce while we mulled over the treats for the night. Being from America, my colleagues asked me if I had tried black pudding yet. A sudden and total recall of those nasty cakes sitting atop a ceramic heating dish on my daily breakfast buffet sprang to my mind as I replied, "not just yet". They pointed out the menu had chorizo and black pudding.I reluctantly agreed.  So delicious! I totally neglected all Other tapas until this was a delicious memory. I also enjoyed lamb chops, though a little bit fatty and gamey. Wine was superb--Siglo Rioja. Perfect compliment. Overall, I enjoyed the whole experience of cafe andaluz and would definitely return given the chance.
1 No...no....no!!!  The atmosphere is a very forced slightly more upmarket Spannish in a bottle you see in la Tasca and the food is much the same equation.  Looking at the service they are actually very good, prompt and non-intrusive they did a fine job all evening.  The food for me though was a real let down, I tried the following:  Classic Calamari: now I am a man that loves his squid but as soon as I saw the very pale looking batter you could see it was soggy and I was unhappy, the squid itsself was cooked fine but clearly their oil temperatures are too low creating the soggy mess I had on my plater. Judgement: 1 star  Chorizo & Black Pudding: cheap chorizo maketh the good meal not. An almost illumonous colour this stuff had no real defined flavours and was very chewy - the black pudding was of a decent quality but was over cooked and suffered from the over powering chorizo infused tomoato sauce. Judgement 1 star.  Paela Valenciana: 1 prawn - overcooked, 3 pieces of chiecken - overcooked, 2 pieces of pork - overcooked. Now the flavours of this were good but as they clearly microwave the portions for serving the meat goes as tough as old boots. Judgement 1 star.  Chicken gougons with honey and mustard: nice bit pieces of chicken ina   light crispy batter was very nice. Def the high point of the evening. Judgement: 4 stars.   Scallops with crispy serrono : lovely crispy serrono - but with scallops do them fresh or not at all. These were frozen efforts that had been undercooked to make then seem soft. Horrid!! Judgement 1 star!!  The other saving grace of the evening was the drinks, 1 pitcher of sangria helped to wash my mouth out and the braqndy coffee was as good as ive had.  All in all not a good experience, I have heard this is a poor recreation of their Glasgow restaurant. My tip to them would be either improve or LEAVE!!!  Jd = not happy man!
4 Only had a coffee and chunk of carrot cake but for the price and the surrounds I feel obliged to reward this place with a reasonable review. Carrot cake was moist, big enough for two and came with a small pot of cream.  It didn't need it but as it was there, on it went.  Coffee was decent and service came with a genuine smile. Perhaps this all sounds run of the mill stuff, but sitting beside the coffee was a melt in the mouth slab of 'fablet' a mixture of tablet and fudge. Little touch meant a lot.   I'm not sure it would float my boat for an evening meal, maybe a bit manufactured, but for elevenses came up tops.
3 My second meal here (a work Christmas night out) was better than the first (a Hogmanay special  they threw us out at 10.30pm), but only just. The food was variable; dreadful beef, ok duck, nasty salsa with the sea bream and some divine Spanish equivalent of a Gratin Dauphinoise. Puddings were equally up and down; up for the chocolate delice, very down, down, down for the butterscotch fat and sugarfest, sorry, cheesecake. Two of the above three stars are for the staff: Rushed off their feet in a packed, noisy restaurant they kept their good humour and gave us good service. If it weren't for the food this would have been a 5 star night out. Not what you really want from a restaurant.
4 I can't tell you if this place is remotely authentic - I've only been to Spain on a couple of business trips and I was vegan at the time ... didn't get to sample much of the tapas menu, as you can imagine. Nice olives? I think I just drank a lot of beer. Anyway, I'm now making up for lost time, so when I got invited for lunch I jumped at the chance. And had a delicious feast - at three plates for a tenner it's a good deal. Chorizo, black pudding, mussels, prawns, potatoes in creamy garlicky sauce, and some sweet potato and tahini bake for 'vegetables'. Yeah, I know, I'll have salad later - it was all too good to resist. The staff are lovely, the venue is gorgeous - lots of coloured tiles and twirly iron,  and it was just a really good meal.
4 I love tapas, i am terrible at making decisions so it helps being able to order a few different dishes instead of just one. I recently visited my sister in Seville, Spain, and enjoyed lots of authentic and delicious tapas. So Cafe Andaluz had a lot to live up to.  Kelly F and i visited last night and neither of us had been before. It is huge inside and not waht i expected, in a good way. The staff were nice, although we did struggle slightly when ordering drinks due to the language barrier, probably more to do with my funny accent.  We went for the set menu and of 3 tapas and a dessert for about £12, however, we were both starving and ordered four tapas each. The waiter asked if we wanted to substitute our desserts for the extra tapas which was great as neither of us were fussed about dessert.  We ordered patatas bavas, baby squid, meat balls, black tiger prawns, marinated chicken, black pudding with chutney, and pork cheek. The dish i as most excited about was the baby squid, but unfortunately i was very disappointed. The bits of squid were tiny, overcooked and covered in far too much batter. The pork cheek was tender and lovely, but the sauce it was in was awful, tasted really peculiar and burnt. However, those are my only 2 complaints. Everything else was delicious, the tiger prawns were really big and juicy and the black pudding was sooooo tasty!  I had a lovely time there and will definitely be back, i just won't order the pork cheek or baby squid. I will try the calamari next time and hopefully that will be better.
5 I love Tapas so when the suggestion of visiting Café Andaluz was suggested last week I didn't need any convincing. Everyone I know has a good thing to say about the place not to mention their own favourite dishes they can't help but recommend so I was excited to go along and try some dishes for myself.   My dining partner, Miss Jennie S, and I both had the pre theatre menu which includes 3 tapas dishes and a dessert for £12.95. As neither of us wanted dessert our waiter very kindly let us order an extra tapas dish instead...one more dish to try.   I had the chorizo and red wine, patatas bravas, pork meatballs and the lemon and paprika chicken. Tapas being community food I also got to taste some of the food Jennie S ordered. (She had baby squid, battered king prawns, black pudding and chutney and pork cheeks.)   The food was divine! It was genuinely the best tapas I've had, everything was full of flavour and tasted really fresh. The pre theatre menu is amazingly good value when you consider both the quality and the sheer amount of food you get to eat. By the end of the meal there was loads of food left and I was completely stuffed but I didn't want to leave any...it felt like such a crime to leave any of this yummy food. Eventually I had to admit defeat and stop before they had to roll me out of the joint (or worse offer me a wafer thin mint).  I would absolutely go back to Café Andaluz any time. I need to plan another trip soon, I want to try the paella this time!
4 You may or may not have gathered that I love food, and ordering food is a massive ordeal to me. WHAT TO PICK? I am famous for the words "Can I try a wee bit?" when other people's food hits the table. I like to try loads of different things, and I always panic that I order something and then lust after someone else's food! If you suffer this dilemma, then tapas is for you!  Tapas is simply a small serving of a dish, which means you can order two or three dishes (each!) at a time NOT look like a fatty!  Café Andaluz is one of my favourite tapas restaurants. After a few visits I realised that the owners of the restaurant are in fact the same as my good old friend Di Maggios! I have been in the Glasgow and Edinburgh restaurants, and both are lovely. I've taken the photos below from their website to show the traditional Spanish decor.  The restaurants are rustic mediterranean and packed with character! There are patterns, cushions, lanterns and artwork everywhere. The restaurants are dimly lit to give a cosy atmosphere. But as great as all that is, the food is why you're here. And the food doesn't disappoint!  There were two of us and we decided to get six tapas dishes between us, which was plenty. We were starving and cleared the lot in about 15 minutes - we felt that was worthy of an award!  Their menu has an amazing range - I try a couple of new dishes each time I go and I am yet to be disappointed! It can be as big or small a meal as you'd like, but regardless of the portion size I con confidently say you'll love it and continue to love it as you return! The food is scrumptious.  The staff were all really friendly and helpful. I really enjoyed my meal here! Please see my full review here: www.houseofherby.com
3 Spanish tapas, from a chain that doesn't feel too much like a chain. The restaurant is huge inside, the staff are friendly and (reassuringly?) Spanish, and the food menu is extensive.  It's nice that they label things that are GF, and they have extensive vegetarian options too. So not too much chorizo. Although there is chorizo, and black pudding. Mm.  I came by for lunch. I've previously eaten a lot in the Glasgow West End Café Andaluz, set in a basement, it feels like a proper Spanish taverna. I also remember the food being quite nice particularly the honest and mustard battered chicken.  The food I had for lunch was fine, but very lacking in any real passion. It feels like production line food. The salad with goats cheese and beetroot was quite small with not much cheese; contrasted to the goats cheese and marmalade which is a whole piece of goats cheese. The mackerel was also tiny and just a bit, meh. Mackerel on top of some wiry lettuce. The mussells were reportedly good, the black pudding and chorizo was also ok, but the black pudding had disintegrated turning it into a black pudding stodgy soup with chunks of chorizo.  I think the food is nice in that the ingredients are good. Chorizo, good. Goats cheese, good. But the method of cooking and presenting the food is a bit lack lustre, both in passion and taste.  I would come back here for a friend's birthday dinner (I can imagine it'd be good for this) and wouldn't complain. I'd be satisfied and probably eating some tasty chorizo and goats cheese. But it's not that cheap (George Street location) and the food is rather forgettable. Fine, but just that.
5 Definitely a must have, great variety and good service even during the thick of the festival. Lovely chorizo dishes and the caramel cheesecake is Mindblowingly awesome !
4 Spent two weeks abroad in Scotland this summer and this place, as an American who loves Spanish tapas, a godsend. Authentic food and lovely atmosphere, great service to boot. One of the better restaurants I tried in Edinburgh and genuinely just a great stop!
5 We decided to eat here after reading good reviews of the place. Tapas is such a great option and always first choice wherever we go. This place didn't just meet expectations but surpassed on all levels! Mojito cocktails great, service was fantastic. A dropped spoon on the floor was replaced by the time I picked it up!  Food came super fast and was very fresh, Prawns were so nice we got an extra portion! And I recommend the black pudding.
2 I really wanted to like this place but I was a bit underwhelmed which is a real shame as I love Spanish food. It does seem to be something that is surprisingly easy to not do very well. Our tapas selection was mainly meat, fish and cheese but didnt have as much flavour nor quality of ingredients as the price justified in my opinion. The Chipirones were very over cooked and cold when they arrived, the pork was really dry and the spicy bravas sauce was not spicy nor was the garlic mayo particularly garlicky. The jamon was also some cheap parma style stuff and the lomo disappointing but no flavour but the chorizo slice was nice. Good decor though and nice staff so on the whole not a repeat visit in the pipeline for this one.
5 I've been here a few times with friends and a family. What I like about this place is that you can order more food than you would eat at a normal restaurant and it be acceptable. Sure ... order 3-4 tapas ... they're small portions right?   So, if your ever feeling like you deserve a good filling meal, then head here! You get the full sensation without the guilt trip!   Aside from the ridiculously important points above. The food is pretty amazing, the service excellent and all for a good price. I will return!
3 Cafe Andaluz is a perfectly respectable place to stop for a bite when you're on George St and want to fill your belly and have a long chat over some sangria.  It's not exactly going to win any culinary awards, and the scale of the place can make you feel a bit like you're being churned through a system, but the food is perfectly acceptable and the staff don't seem to mind when you stretch a few tapas over a loooooooong lunch.
4 4 stars maybe a little bit too high but hey ho, I think they have the best tapas in town. Mariscos y Pescados is my favourite menu section. Great taste, very light flavour. Service is not bad and staff is friendly. The only thing is....I broke soap holder in the bathroom (yes, it was me) and when I came back to the restaurant 5 days later it was still broken and exactly as I left it. Maintenance team maybe need to check señoritas rest room more often ;-)
4 Have been several time with different types of people - business colleagues, friends, family etc - and every time have really enjoyed myself.   It's a big restaurant, always seems busy but always able to cope with the hustle and bustle.   Last night came with family. We had about two dishes per person which was just about right for a meal but we weren't stuffed (which is good!)  My particular favourites were pigs cheeks and gambas pil pil - highly recommend.   Defo worth going to - would probably book to make sure you get a table and I think would work with a group as you can order lots and lots of dishes to share. :)
3 I love tapas. No, I love LOVE tapas, but I wasn't exactly swept off my feet by Café Andaluz.  I had the goats cheese with marmalade (ok), the calamari (ok) and the spicy lamb meatballs (quite nice). I didn't feel like the food was really made with passion which is imperative for a good, authentic tapas experience. Possibly because it is a chain and it was rather busy. It was a fairly dear lunch deal at three tapas for £11.95 per person, but I suppose that's reasonable for a George Street location.  The interior is quite charming. I loved the Spanish fares and the round tiled tables (which are plentiful - it's quite large inside). The location is handy and because it is tapas, it might be alright to come back with a large group for a birthday or a farewell type do.
5 Up until a few months ago, my knowledge of tapas was all theoretical. As part of one of the classes I was supporting in this year we were learning all about Spanish culture and food, was a big part of the culture.  As a treat to the class, we went on a field trip to Cafe Andaluz and we all tried two dishes each from the tapas menu.  Upon walking in you enter into a little corridor, almost like walking into your parents house, and we were very quickly greeted by a member of star and shown to our reserved table, there were jugs of juices and water on the table within moments of us being seated and then we were given time to assess the menu. And what a menu, obviously it is all traditional Spanish cuisine, and most of the young people went for the safe options such as the albondigas and the tortilla, I was desperate to try good calamares and was not disappointed by them, but the star of the show was my plate of Scallops.  I've never eaten scallops before and so was not sure what was about to happen, but from the first bite, I knew I was on to a good thing, up until this point we had all shared a little of each thing, but the more expensive things were only eaten by the person who had put up the money for them, to keep it fair, and I have never been happier, because I couldn't have shared my scallops, even if I'd wanted to. Frankly three was not enough.  The only downside to the day was the fact that although we were in a Spanish restaurant, we could not order in Spanish, even though the young people tried really hard to do so. The waiter serving us was French, the other waiter was Italian I believe, and then another waitress was another nationality. It made for a fun conversation with each of them, when our young people tried there hardest to talk to them in Spanish, to be told I don't speak Spanish but I can speak English if that helps?   Such a good day, and my only qualm is that I haven't been back yet, although this time, I might just have to have a glass of wine with my meal.
