3 It's hard to decide whether to give this hotel 2 or 3 stars.  Here's the deal ... it's a Howard Johnson..not a Ritz Carlton. So I know going in that the hotel isn't going to blow me away. But - it was ok.  The room was clean, it was air-conditioned, and they have shampoo AND conditioner (I hate the combo bottles.. women can't brush their hair when they use that stuff!)   I guess I was overly-excited because from the exterior this place looked pretty new. On the inside however it seems like it needs some work. I was staying on the second floor but you had to take the elevator to the third floor and walk down a flight of 6 stairs to get to the second floor. Weird! It reminded me of a half floor.. like in "Being John Malkovich."  Here's the plus side: -There's a pool and a spa -There is an arcade/billiards room -There is a bar (but the bartender was literally on the phone the ENTIRE time. She actually just put the phone down to serve people and then picked it back up again to resume her convo. Really really shocking. This went on the entire 2 hours I was there.) -There are vending machines -Free breakfast in the mornings  Oh - and the front desk staff was super nice too!   So yeah .. 3 stars. Not bad, not great. Just ok. Perfect if you're just rolling through.
3 I stayed here when I went to the Barrymore theater to see As I Lay Dying. It was hard to find without GPS, But had a good location near places to eat. The bar and kitchen in the hotel closed early, which I was dissapointed about. Their hot tub and pool was a very decent size and they had many arcade games and a pool table! :)  I would give this place an extra star if they kept their bar open later.  But overall this place was legit.
4 Great hotel. Comfortable , clean and big rooms. The layout of the entire hotel is a bit confusing but all the amenities are above expectations. They even gave me a voucher for a free drink when I checked in. The food in the hotel bar and grill is pretty average but acceptable. I will probably eat outside of the hotel tomorrow but there are plenty of places within walking distance. Overall, very comfortable.
2 Pretty dumpy place. We got a room here because it was the cheapest place we could find that was anywhere near downtown. The ceiling had weird brown spots on it that looked like someone threw feces at it. The sheets were pretty scratchy and the bed and pillows were not very comfortable. The bed cover had stains on it, everything just looked pretty dingy. The building outs pretty confusing and it is pretty dumb that you can't get from the lobby to your room after 11:00pm since you have to go through the pool area. Just a ridiculous set up if you ask me. Would probably spend a few extra bucks and go elsewhere next time.
2 If the room had been cleaned properly, this hotel would have easily earned another star. I would consider staying here again, but if the room is not clean I will take the time to complain and get some of my money back. I added some photos I took of our room at this hotel that might get taken down so let me describe them for you: One photo was of the carpet in between our bed and the nightstand, which was dirty and some of the debris included a glowstick (how do you miss that?) and a pretzel. If you don't clean up food it attracts bugs! Which leads us to the second picture, which was of the top of the nightstand and some disembodied insect parts i found there. Mostly legs. It was gross. Also there was a long hair dangling from the lampshade by the bed. CLEAN your hotel rooms! This hotel would be great if they hired a competent housekeeping staff. Location was nice and the amenities were just fine, but for the state the room was in I would say that I definitely overpaid.
