2 well your first clue about this place is that they don't actually have a full 18 hole course.  they have three 9-hole courses and when you want to play a full round, you end up playing two of the three 9-hole courses.  so this should tell you right off the bat that you aren't going to get a championship caliber 18-hole experience.  if a golf-course designer didn't plan for the 17th hole to be the 17th hole then you aren't getting an experience crafted by a mastermind golf guru.  even still... even with the lowered expectations, not the best group of 9-hole courses in the world either.  kind of like a muni course, i think.  should be pretty cheap although i paid for a group of the courses all on one long weekend in vegas so i don't know exactly how much it is.  you can check, i imagine, on the web site.  critical points i thought were two:  1- surronded by fairly non-descript, uniform-looking houses which made the views ugly.  it's not like there were mansions surronding the course.  even more preferable to mansions would have been nothing but views and rolling vistas.  but the bottom of the barrel would be views of ugly houses which is what you get. 2- not as much green as you'd hope.  i don't mind the occasional forced-carry (which is defined in golf terminology as when you need to hit a long distance over an obstacle and there is no option to hit around it or through it).  you see this every so often when the tee box is surronded (on a desert course) by, say, desert and cactus.  and the fairway doesn't begin for 150 or 200 yards.  so that's a forced carry of 150-200 yards.  in other words, if you can't hit it that distance, you can't even start the hole.  which is pretty difficult because there's a huge % of golfers that cannot hit 200 yards.  i was fine with it because i am driving 240-270 these days but a lot of my pals were less than amused.  now you get some forced carries from the tee box at Paiute but you have the feeling they put them there on purpose so you'd get an up-close vista of some really nice desert landscape in the middle of the course.  at silverstone, there were forced carries off the tee box on many, many holes and the landscape in the middle is not as beautiful as paiute.  you get the feeling that the forced carry isn't there to add to the vista but because they were just too lazy to water more grass.    and beyond that, the course wasn't in too good a shape.  the greens were touch and go, the rough wasn't uniformly cut, etc, etc... all in all, more like a good, solid muni course - not a resort course at all.
5 Great place in Vegas.  Only about 20-30 minutes from Strip.  The proshop staff, abd bev cart girl were very nice and helpful.  The Super is doing a great job as the course was in tip top shape.
3 I've played this course a few times.  The course has three 9 hole courses that you combine to make an 18 hole round.  I've played all three configurations, but the most recent one was the Desert/Mountain combination....the longest of the three.  Here's a breakdown of the three courses and my Pros/Cons list:  Desert Silver - 3,560 yds Black - 3,278 yds Blue - 2,987 yds Red - 2,616 yds  Mountain Silver - 3,599 yds Black - 3,274 yds Blue - 2,999 yds Red - 2,666 yds  Valley Silver - 3,398 yds Black - 3,102 yds Blue - 2,862 yds Red - 2,575 yds  PROS - Course is kept in decent shape most of the year.  - Relatively low cost.  Green fees aren't too bad.  - Great for beginners and mid to high level handicap golfers.  CONS - There aren't very many signature holes....they're pretty boring to me.  - Far from the Strip.  This is a non-factor for me, except when friends from out of town want to golf....they ask about this course and I tell them to forget it, unless they want to pay a huge cab fare.  Will I return?  I have a friend who lives nearby and it's his favorite track...so probably.
2 Really?  Don't show up as a stranger or a single - Silverstone doesn't want you there.  The employees always seem bothered that you showed up, from the front desk to the cart jockeys, to the starter.    I like that the course doesn't overseed; it makes it a good option for the end of August.  But the course is not very challenging - it just LOOKS like it is.  The three courses should help speed up play, but rounds here can go to 5 and a half hours.  For their prices you can tee up at Badlands or Bear's Best and be much happier.
4 I played this course two weeks ago. I am very used to the 3 x 9hole setup because the course near my home is the same way. I personally don't mind it because it gives frequent golfers some variety.   Although I played like crap, I was pleasantly surprised that my shots that initially appeared to be O.B. remained playable. I did however put a beating on my mid irons by playing out of that red sand gravel combo. I guess that's what I get for not being straight. Although I've only played a few courses in LV, I found this one to be the best. Aliente had way too many houses and Angel Park was just boring.   I almost took a star away for their pricing structure. $145 for non-residents of Clark County, $64 for residents, and $30 for club members. Geez, thats just wrong. Give me some sort of break for paying taxes and voting over what wealthy business men from Japan pay.   Yes, the drive is about 25mins from the strip through residential, but thats where you have to go for decent golf at a decent rate. Convince a local to play with you.
3 just had my wedding here in May, 2011 and mostly everything went well. About 2 months before my wedding I received an e-mail from the new wedding coordinator telling me that the planner I had worked with the whole time was no longer with the company and that she was the new contact. Which of course freaked me out, so I immediately replied to the e-mail, only to get an out of office! So you can imagine my frustration at that point. I know it was not the new planners fault and she was taking on the task of completing all of these weddings she wasn't familiar with, but it did in fact have an impact on my wedding. A lot of the planning with the prior planner was verbal and so were some of the agreements, such as letting us stay at the bar a little bit later with some beer and wine on the house if our group wasn't big drinkers and the ceremony fee to be waived. One of the main reasons we picked the Silverstone was because of her flexibility on things like that so to change that right before my wedding was very unsettling. When it comes to the wedding itself, things went pretty well. I had chosen a color with the first planner of a bright green that she was going to order from another vendor that they didn't usually work with and when the second one confirmed the color with me over the phone, I of course said yes, we already picked it. So, the day of the wedding when I walked in and saw a florescent green all of the tables and stuff, my heart sort of dropped.. but, what are you going to do? No changing it now! A few other minor things happened, such as the wedding cake from Creations Bakery looked incredible, and when the chief from Silverstone went to put the cake toppers on it, he broke the top of the cake and didn't offer to do anything to fix it. I like to think I was a laid back bride and thought again, "there's no fixing it now!" My awesome florist was able to hide the cracks with some small extra petals she had.. but still! He broke the top of my cake and didn't even acknowledge it!! Lastly, we had 4 hours of open bar for an 85 person wedding and towards the end of the evening they only had 1 bartender working, so when the DJ called last call she told people, including my sister and maid of honor, that they missed it and it was now a cash bar. I know she was overwhelmed and think she may have been calling a cab for one of my guests, but she was crouched on the ground for 5 mins ignoring the line of people at the bar!!  My wedding itself was incredible. A lot of people worked really hard in setting up the room and I think the coordinator was the one to line up all of the props I had for my photo booth. All and all, it was incredible. The Silverstone definitely has the view, the food, and a great price for what you get.. it just seems like a few things could have been a bit more coordinated. I would still recommend this place without a doubt, I think they just need to address some of these issues for their future weddings.
4 Silverstone Golf Club, with it's exceptionally large Clubhouse-3 nine, the Desert, the Mountain, and the Valley is one course golfing aficionados would enjoy.  Great practice facility and golf school too.  The starter is one, that makes the beginning of your round enjoyable and have to admit the Clubfest every year is one, worth looking forward too!
4 Great Course, very friendly staff.  The course was in great shape for the worst part of the season, and couldn't pass up $40 military rate.  Greens were well manicured and the fairways were in great shape for January.  Definitely will go back soon.
4 I would give Silverstone Golf Club 5 stars if it wasn't for the semi rough shape of the course and inconsistencies in greens between the different courses. We started on the Valley course which had extremely fast greens. By the time I adjusted to this green type it was on to the Mountain course and extremely slow greens.   Aside from the somewhat rough shape of the course and the inconsistent greens this course was really well put together. It has 27 holes spread out over 3 different "courses." The views around the mountains are spectacular and the course itself was difficult but not to the point of not being fun. The staff was friendly and the cart girl came around frequently even though they were busy. I would definitely go back!
5 I don't give 5 stars often. This place was awesome though. First off...i don't know why anyone would pay full price when there are all kinds of deals these days. Golf courses are fighting for customers. I paid 15 bucks and played all 27 holes and i hit a ton of range balls. They give you GPS, range balls, bottled water and a damn good challenging golf course to play on. I have no complaints. Wish more golf courses offered this kind of amazing value. Sorry to all those who pay their 149 dollar rate haha.
4 Course, which had been damaged in storms earlier this year, was in great shape this past week. We were part of a 3 day golf tournament there for 160 golfers and everyone was extremely please with how efficient, and friendly their entire staff was. Look forward to returning
2 I had a pre-booked tee time, but there was a large tourney and the only way I could get out (w/o waiting 1.5 hours past my tee time)  was to play the Mountain course twice. I was disappointed in having to be provided so few options at the time.   The staff was excellent. The marshal had a great attitude and I got the feeling he was working to make the best of a bad start time situation. Based on the inconvenience he let me play an extra nine holes on one of the other nine hole layouts once the tourney had passed.   The golf course was decent but very flat. I was very unimpressed w/ the overall layout of the course....granted, I had played Badlands the day prior so the bar was set high. I didn't find a lot of water hazards although there was plenty of opportunity to hit it off the narrow fairways and into the surrounding sand.   One other downer was the local guy i golfed w/ (from Henderson) paid $29 for 18 holes booked the day before on Golf Now, but I booked over the phone 3 weeks prior and paid around $75. TIP: wait until one or two days prior and book via Golf Now...you'll get a better deal.  All in all the course was fine, perhaps for a local, but when planning next year's trip to Vegas I will drop this course and Oasis (Mesquite) from my itinerary, keep Wolf Creek and Badlands and add two new courses.
4 This is a very good facility.  The clubhouse is impressive, and the staff were friendly and helpful.    We played the Valley and Mountain courses and had quite a good time. The pace of play was excellent and we seldom had to wait to hit on a Sunday.    The course itself was in decent shape.  There is not a lot of trouble if you are hitting it halfway decent.    We had lunch at the clubhouse and both the food and the service were quite good.  Worth a try.
4 Very nice Golf Course, pace of play was excellent, everyone was very friendly.  Course was in better to average condition, greens extremely fast, but that is to be expected in Las VEgas this time of the year.   I think it was a great value and very challenging without being to difficult.  I would definitely recommend everyone come check it out.  Oh and we ordered food at the 9th tee box and it was ready to go when we got there.  A+++
4 My husband and I went with Silverstone because they had an amazing view of the city and the facility was very nice. Their prices were very reasonable and the event coordinator, Jennifer was very helpful. She emailed me back almost every time right away, kept in contact with me the whole time and answered all of my questions. The food tasted amazing and the decor they provide was perfect for my occasion. They set up all my decorations I barely had to do a thing. The only reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars is because they forgot to put petals down my aisle after my florist had delivered them, but overall wonderful experience. I recommend them.
2 Paid top dollar to play in the morning, the greens are garbage, punched , slow , poor shape. Why pay to dollar for poor conditions
1 Our foursome played here last summer and couldn't believe that a golf course in the desert does not provide any water out on the course. I recently saw a groupon for a round at Silverstone and thought we'd give it another try, assuming they would have fixed the problem. Nope. To make the situation even worse, they must have only one beverage cart for the three courses. We saw the cart on hole 2 and hole 17. There were drinking fountains connected to the bathrooms. From the fountains that actually worked, you could drink piss warm water.  We play every weekend, and this is the only course we've played in the valley that doesn't provide the common courtesy of putting a few coolers out on the course. It's a shame. The course is beautiful, most of the staff are friendly, and it would be a great place to play, but it's just not worth it. It's such a small step for customer service that would have a big impact, but for some reason Par 4 Golf is not willing to make changes.
