5 After months dealing with leaky bathtub spouts and a pipe under my kitchen sink I decided to call a plumber. After searching for one close to home I came across EZ Flow Plumbing. I read the reviews and checked out their website. I was impressed with the "A" rating from the Better Business Bureau so I gave them a call. Scott was very honest up front with the work I needed and the price; unfortunately. He was neat and didn't take too long considering what needed to be done. I definitely would use them again!
5 I recently had a plumbing issue come up at my office, and I found EZ Flow Plumbing on Yelp. Scott was very friendly and professional to deal with.  He came out and dealt with our problem quickly.  I appreciated the fact that he was dressed well, as he had to be in the office around our clients. We will definitely call him again with our plumbing needs. A real quality company!
5 Had a plumbing disaster from a hot water pipe that broke in our concrete foundation. Steve at EZ Flow quickly came out and estimated the cost lower than anticipated. EZ Flow Plumbing is very trustworthy and I would definitely recommend this business to anyone that needs an honest/reliable plumber.
5 I was pleased as punch when our emergency water pipe leak was fixed by EZ Flow Plumbing.   The main water line in our front yard had spouted a bad leak. My dad referred me to EZ Flow Plumbing. EZ Flow Plumbing had helped them hook up a sink or something, and my parents were pleased with the results.   When I called, Scott was able to come out to give us a quote within the hour. He was doing a job just around the corner, so it worked out nicely. He knew what he was talking about when he gave us a quote and talked to us about the different possibilities. We scheduled the work for the next day at 1pm. We were in a hurry to get it fixed because the City of Chandler said we were leaking a half a gallon a minute. In addition, I was nine months pregnant and ready to go into labor any time. Needless to say, time was of the essence.  The day of the service Scott gave me a call and told me about an emergency job that was going to take him most of the day. He wanted to reschedule for Friday, but I expressed my desire to get this fixed ASAP. Immediately upon hearing my concern about timing he started to rework his schedule, and after he made a phone call, he called me back and told me he could be there the next morning. This was much better because it was only a half a day delay.   Sure enough he was at my house right on time. He gave me a heads up call about an hour before he arrived, letting me know the thirty minute window he expected to arrive in. Also, he gave us helpful instructions that the water would be turned off when he got to the house, so if we wanted to we should shower and use the water now while we still had it. That was very useful information.   He started work at 8:30a and kept us in the know about the progress. It was diagnosed, finished, and put back together by 10:30a. The best part was that it ended up costing us exactly the low estimate he had given earlier. Thank goodness, because we were on a tight budget.   Many of the reviews mentioned that Scott was very professional and nice. So true! But the most important part for me was that this nightmare job for us was fixed so quickly and efficiently. My husband and I feel like a huge weight has been lifted off our shoulders. We will definitely recommend this service to anyone in Chandler. And we would definitely use them again.
5 Scott  was great to work with. He responded quickly to my hot water heater leak and was very upfront and honest about his pricing. I would highly recommend EZ Flow to anyone in need of a plumber.
5 I was so impressed with Scott! He was kind enough to come help me change out some old water valves under our sinks, even though he already had another scheduled appointment. He was there in less than 10 minutes and in less than hour, the job was done. Great, great service and a quality job. Will definitely use EZ Flow again.
5 I had an overall great experience with Scott installing my RO system.   Very reasonable quote that was actually what I paid, no hidden fees or up selling other services. He was running late the day of my appointment, but called me ahead of time to give a heads up of when he'd be by. I completely agree that Scott is very nice, professional, and conscientious with his work. Within a couple of hours, he put in my RO, and even fixed a broke garbage disposal pipe and looked at a misbehaving toilet while he was here. He cleaned up everything, and besides the new RO faucet I could barely tell he was in my kitchen.   Will definitely call again if I need more work done. Highly recommended!
5 I had a very good experience with EZ Flow Plumbing.  I had a shower/tub that had no hot water, and although the problem was not critical he was still able to come out promptly to look at it.  He was very prompt, professional, courteous, and competent.  He identified the problem, obtained the parts, and returned and had it fixed a few days later.  And the best part, is that he did it at a very reasonable price.  I am sure I would have paid a lot more with another plumber, and certainly not gotten any more professional or competent service than with EZ Flow.  Altogether, an outstanding experience and I will definitely be using him again with any future plumbing problems.
5 Awesome service, nice guy, beautiful work! When the only advice I could get from other people was "don't use X company", I turned to Yelp and found EZ Flow and am happy to have found someone I can recommend to others! You have a customer for life!
5 As a result of the great reviews on Yelp, I chose to go with Scott from EZ Flow Plumbing for some work in a condo.  Work included: Installing tub spouts and drains, installing shower heads, changing the drain on the kitchen sink, etc.  Pretty standard no frills stuff.  The work he did on those items was efficient and exactly as expected.  What really impressed me was when I asked him to install a pan and drain line off the hot water heater, he first checked the age of the water heater and advised I reconsider that since the work needed to do so (draining the water heater, etc) and cost associated to do so would be better spent on a new water heater, not that he was saying I needed one, but just that the age of my existing water heater was getting up there and may not make this effort worthwhile when a pan and drain could be installed on the next water heater at a fraction of the price.  Mr. Plumber, you want to save me money?  um, ok.  Scott had noticed the garbage disposal had some cracks in it when he changed the sink drain and drew my attention to it.  As a result of the money saved elsewhere and the obvious good nature of this guy, I asked him to replace it.  He drove to get one since it wasn't in the original scope of work, and did not charge me any extra for the change in plans since the new work was about the same as the old work we decided not to do.  On another day, when an unrelated pipe in a very different wall began to leak, Scott was unavailable, but he made every effort to get another plumber he trusted to come out and help.  This is a great plumber! Rest easy when you go EZ.
5 Awesome job done by Scott from EZ Flow Plumbing! I am glad I found him on YELP to get a repair done.  Highly Recommend!
5 I've had Scott do a couple jobs for me recently. The first was installing a Toto toilet that is much more difficult than a standard toilet install. His quote was right in line with other plumbers I called, and he took the time to read through the instructions before beginning work -- and the install was perfect.  The second job was installing a sink and new disposal, and it looks immaculate. My wife had put down vinyl mats under the sink, and he actually took them out, cleaned underneath, and then put them back in place.   I can say with confidence that you can trust Scott to provide a reasonable estimate and (more importantly) do clean and professional work for you.
5 We've had Scott out a couple times and he is great. Highly recommend him for small projects and repairs. His prices are reasonable and his quality is top notch.
5 Superb job done by Scott to fix water leak in bathroom shower faucet I reviewed yelp's high rating for his business and his performance exceeded my expectations I highly recommend his services to anyone Thank you very much Scott From kim and sunny
5 Scott is very responsive, honest, and skillful at his trade.  A true professional.  I will call him first for all my plumbing needs.
5 I've had Scott work on plumbing issues at my house twice.  Whether it's installation of a water purification system or addressing a plumbing problem, Scott is attentive, works quickly, and most important, gets the job done right the first time.   Normally, you pay a premium for more effective, efficient service.  Scott's quotes are often at, or a bit below, market rates...which is a bonus.  Will use again for any plumbing issue, and have recommended Scott to others.
5 Scott came out and added a new drain line for a second sink for my kitchen remodel plus he installed new plumbing for my main kitchen sink.   He did excellent work at a reasonable price and was available in a reasonable time frame.
5 Scott was very easy to work with, punctual, and did a great job. We are very happy with our repair and will recommend him to others
5 There is a very good reason why you do not see any bad reviews for this company.....they are very very good.  Mark showed up right on time and this was not a surprise since Scott had called to tell me he would.  I called them over to fix a couple of issues in my home. One of the issues turned into something more complicated. It and the other issue were dealt with promptly.   If I have another Plumming issue I would only consider EZ Flow.  Thank you Scott and Mark.
5 I will be referring EZ Flow Plumbing to all my neighbors. Mark did a great job installing my new hot water heater. If I have any other plumbing issues I'm calling Mark at EZ Flow.
5 Needed a gas dryer disconnected and a new one hooked up.  It's not a tough job, but you don't mess with gas unless you are really brave.  I'm only a bit brave, apparently!  And I kinda like our house and don't want to blow it up.  Saw that this company got positive reviews on yelp, so I called on a Tue and they sent someone out the next day.  They called me to let me know they had a cancellation and asked if they could come earlier than the schedule time, which worked great.  Service guy was super friendly and did a good job.  I used the $30 off coupon from yelp and the price was $117 for this job, which I think is slightly high, but based on the quick service and efficiency, I would recommend them.
5 I woke up to a backed up sewage line.  I called five companies and EZ Flow was the first to respond.  They told me 10AM and JD arrived at 9:45AM.  The clog was fixed in less than 30 minutes.  Since they were already out, I had them replace the cartridges behind the shower handles.  I have an older house with 'questionable plumbing' and obsolete components.  JD did an excellent job of explaining the issues to me in advance so that I wasn't surprised by the pricing.  Based on previous experiences with plumbers, I think that their pricing is very fair and reasonable.  On a different note, they also email you a notice with the name and picture of their plumber who is going to come out.  While I personally don't care, this makes me feel much safer if my wife needed to handle this while I was out of town.
5 Found a water leak early in the morning at the toilet shutoff valve.  I called Scott and he had JD out to my house in about an hour.  EZFLOW uses a text and email service to notify you when the technician is en route.  JD arrived and was very friendly.  He explained what needed to be done and how everything worked.  Price was fair and competitive to others I've seen.  After he completed the job, JD and I talked about my old water heater and he took the time to answer all my questions.  I would definitely recommend EZFLOW Plumbing to my friends and family.  I will definitely use them again and have them install a new water heater for my home.  Thanks Scott and JD for the great service today! You made a customer for life.
3 The overall experience with EZ Flow Plumbing was great - from the first phone call, the tech that showed up on time and was friendly, and the customer service in general.  The reason I give 3-stars is their prices were really high for the job that I needed done.  My kitchen sink needed unclogged and my quote was $280 (basically for them to professionally "snake" the drain).  I really appreciated their time and friendliness but that seemed way off the mark.  I had another company come out and do the same job for $59, with no issues, just as friendly and professional, and the sink works perfectly now.  I would say if price isn't your concern EZ Flow has a great thing going, but otherwise get a few estimates.
5 Any time I need some work done on my personal property or one of my rentals, I email EZ flow.  Its really convenient to be able to just send an email, get a quick response, and it gets taken care of without further effort on my part.    They send me a text and an email letting me know the plumber's name and that they are on their way with an estimated time of arrival.    Their pricing is more on the higher end, but I believe it is worth it.
5 We've been using EZ Flow Plumbing for almost 5 years now. We first used them when we purchased our home and gutted it. The kitchen was down to nothing but concrete slab and walls.  Scott came in and dug a trench from one end of the kitchen to the other because we wanted the sink to be on the opposite side of where it currently was.   They've replaced our hot water heater when it flooded our garage, and just recently, J.D. came out and helped us out when our front yard was flooded.   I'm sure they don't have to go into as much detail with my husband, but plumbing talk is a foreign language to me, and they're really kind and patient with explaining things to me and even writing down what they're doing and why so I don't forget.   We will never go to anyone else, and are loyal customers for life!
2 The Techs and the owner are friendly, but the cost is way too expensive.  I have them come to the house and quote me to replace a vaccum breaker and faucet out side of the house.  They quoted the labor being about $450.  Something like $350 (labor) to replace Vacuum breaker and $140 (labor) to replace the faucet.   All the work will be done in same trip.  I rejected the quote and got another contractor in and job is done within 55 Min.  Cost =$120.     You be the judge.
5 One of your technician Mark came and he did a remarkable job. We were shock about the estimate but we thought it's time anyway to get all kitchen and bathroom repairs done. So we decided to take the estimate. Now our house is worry free since all plumbing concern were repaired and upgraded! There were some warranty disclosure and I need to read them asap. Thank you.
1 I AGREE with g bb they hit me with a $300 bill for a leaky bathtub drip....it was fixed in like 10 minutes
