5 Dr Phil Wall is by far the best doctor I have met in a  very long time. His facility is amazing and so state of the art. Dr. Wall is low key, very thorough and compassionate.   I am so thrilled to have met him and be being treated. Thank you Doctor!!
5 I have been dealing with budging vein, lower leg and ankle swelling issues for a few months before I realized that it was not resolving on its own. I am a nurse that works crazy long hours and I'm 41 years old so I thought I am too young for this right? Well I learned that is not the case.  I'm in good shape, not overweight, no medical history so what could be wrong right? Well I have greater saphenous vein reflux I guess you call it and anyone can get it being sedentary OR standing quite a bit. I am a floor nurse (14 years)  and I run a lot but this did not help nor hurt my situation. After two months of swelling, serious vein distinction and a very obvious swelling in my lower leg I decided to get some help. As soon as I googled my issue I came upon a website with Dr Oz. I LOVE Dr Oz so I payed attention, called the facility and the very next day I was in the office being seen by an amazing, sweet, and caring Nurse Practitioner who listened and made me feel like I was important. I set up my appointment with the ultrasound tech ( he is awesome) and in less then 10 days I had my procedure scheduled.  I chose general sedation for my own reasons and the day I arrived was so good, so professional and well organized that even as nurse, I was very impressed. The anesthesiologist was so so great that still, to this day I want to hug him!!!! I went into surgery talking and nervous, and woke up just amazed that it was done and I felt nothing. I went home that day, never had pain or discount (as promised) and less then 10 days later I feel 100% better. My swelling is nearly resolved, ( 2 years I have had swelling with an unknown reason, accounting it for my profession) I have no more 'tight' ankle feeling and I have one tiny puncture mark that looks like it will fade to nothing but a memory. I  am so pleased and after my follow-up everything looks great. I cannot recommend this center enough to anyone experiencing my symptoms. No more vein bulging, swelling or tightness in my leg/ankle. Thank you AZ Vascular Center, thank you Dr Oz for recognizing how great this treatment and facility is. I am very excited to recommend this facility, procedure and most importantly this staff of excellent people that figured out how to provide a service ( with customer service) that is simply very rare in this day and age.
1 All I wanted was to see if my insurance was accepted. I was on hold FOREVER and when they finally came on the line they asked for my name and number because their call volume was too high. Way to make me feel like a valued customer :( 30 minutes wasted....
5 To me, it's not the mistake that's important, it's how it gets taken care of. AZ vascular has gone out of their way to make sure I get in and answered all of my questions! They apologized for the poor customer service with the call center and have more than made up for it. I have an appointment next Thursday and can hardly wait. Will update :)
5 I went in and the staff is wonderful! The Doctor, PA, and Ultrasound Tech were absolutely amazing! I think they even stayed a little late the day of my appointment to make sure I was taken care of. I can't wait to go back and get my treatment :)
