4 I recently stayed at this hotel for five months.  It is just a few years old and is one of the nicest looking Residence Inns that I've ever stayed at.  The staff is very friendly and will take good care of you.  The only problem with the hotel is that despite a recent service upgrade, internet speeds are limited to .75MB due to the number of guests who have been hogging bandwidth.  Close to plenty of shops and restaurants despite being on the outskirts of Phoenix.
4 This is a newer property and a really lovely one at that. It's got an excellent proximity to the sorts of safe suburban activities one might like to indulge in such as Starbucks, Movie theater, Red Robin, etc... The rates are fantastic and the crowd well heavy on the Honeywell staffing side are colorful (in a good way) and they have pretty good food included to boot.
5 The circumstances of coming to stay at Residence Inn really kinda sucked. My house flooded, YAY insurance claim :( However, this is where my insurance put my family up.  The people at the front desk were always on top of everything, the maid service was absolutely stellar, the pool was always clean and my 2 year old learned that it was the coolest thing ever.   Every morning they have a hot breakfast included in the room rate, and Monday-Wednesday they have a managers social hour that includes food, and drink (alcoholic as well yes) again included in the room rate. It was really nice to not have to cook but if I needed to our room had a full kitchen in it and it was stocked with all the pots/pans/plates/utensils I would have needed.   They also have a grocery buying service. You write what you want and they will go get it for you and bill your room, HOW COOL IS THAT?  If you need to get away for an extended stay in North Phoenix certainly check this place out it was very very nice.
5 My wife and I were set up to stay here when we had a house flood and let's say the circumstances could have been a whole lot worse.  This is one of the nicest hotels I have seen in the valley. Very clean, friendly and accommodating staff. Pet-friendly, Grocery service, Daily hot buffet-style breakfast, Free dinner social every mon tue and wed, and a very nice pool.   Our insurance paid for us to stay there so I can't speak for their rates, but I was certainly impressed with the quality of our stay. It was very comfortable.
5 All I can say is "WOW".  Customer service does not get any better than what my family received during checking in, during our 2 night stay, during our check out, and three days later when I called back with my Marriott's reward info.  Colleen at the front desk was exceptionally friendly and helpful.  She pointed us towards great local restaurants, gave us directions and a map to her preferred local post office so we could ship boxes home, gave us recommendations on a little town we should try to visit (she learned we'd be in the nearby area anyway), plus she remembered me specifically when I called about 3 days later after finding my Marriott's reward #.  The room was a bit more than we needed (who's cooking on vacation!?!?) but the price was great, the location was perfect, and the room was comfortable and clean.  It was so nice, in fact, we ended up staying a second night when we'd only planned on one.  We decided to book our rooms for the 2nd night and drive back to it at the end of a long day instead of taking our chances of finding another hotel at the end of the day.  It was that nice and the staff was that nice.  Plus, the morning breakfast buffet was a "hot" buffet vs just continental fare.  I'd definitely recommend this hotel specifically, and this hotel chain in particular.
