3 Definitely not the best Japanese place in Edinburgh & certainly not the place to visit if you've never had sushi before.    Good service & no complaints about portion sizes or pricing but the fact that you cannot order nigris, sashimi etc. in ones & twos (as you can in pretty much every other sushi place I've been to) but instead on platters, makes the whole experience less fun. On the night I was there the tuna sashimi, whilst being in larger bits than I've had perviously, was rather pinker than I've come to expect so that also raised the odd doubt.    Can't comment on the Korean angle.
5 This Japanese resturant is one of the very best I have ever been to! First impressions I was a little disappointed with the size of the venue (although there is a large dining area upstairs - I didn't notice initially) but once we sat down and went through the vast menu we thought we would give it a go. When the food arrived I was so glad that we stayed because the meal was superb! If you are looking for a Japanese resturant in Edinburgh then look no further. Staff are lovely and the price is more than reasonable for a meal of this quality.
5 Tang's is definitely my favourite Japanese restaurant in Edinburgh. I went with a friend at lunchtime having heard great things about it, and the hype was definitely true.  My biggest problem with japenese food is trying to decide between hot or cold food, so I went for the Pork Bento Box (£8.50) which contained both. The pork was lovely and tender, and the portion was very generous. I don't know what was in the sauce on it but it was delicious, as were the 6 mixed california rolls,3 types of japanese salad and Miso soup accompanying it.  My partner went for salmon California rolls and King Prawn teriyaki skewers, the prawns were huge and not overcooked as is so often the case in resturants.   The restaurant is quite small, but in my opinion this just adds to the intimate, family-run atmosphere of the place. What's more, all the gorgeous food on the menu can be ordered to take away as well. I will definitely be going back.
5 Being surrounded by historical buildings, grave yards and statues of small dogs - Tang's Japanese Restaurant seems some what out of place here.  Split across two levels, with a small bar and eating area downstairs and large dining area upstairs - Tang's is perfect for large groups who revel in the complicated tastes of Japanese food. While the restaurants primary focus is on food made for sharing, there is plenty for smaller parties - both hot and cold food, and safe favourites to adventurous dishes prepared freshly. The Miso was splended, and looking around other dishes that were flying out of the kitchen also looked lovely.The atmoshpere was relaxed and comfortable, but somewhat quiet.  However, while the waiting staff are usually excellent, busier times lead to slower service - although this is to be expected.  Prices are also slightly on the expensive side.  Despite this however, Tang's is heading into its second year, and shows no sign of slowing up.
4 It's getting a bit worrying to see Japanese restaurants slowly drift in the same direction as their Chinese counterparts, with almost identical menus, and a dumbed down version of the cuisine that bears little resemblance to what you'd find in the Land of the Rising Sun.  I won't try and pretend that Tang's is a diamond in the rough in these respects. The fairly small menu contains no surprises, and is heavily adapted to suit our drab Western tastebuds. It did however, provide me with one of the tastiest, most well presented Katsu curries I've had in ages, where in an almost supernatural manner, the breadcrumbs stayed crunchy even when drowned in the sauce.  E-Bot's bento box wasn't bad either, though truth be told could better be described as "good fun" than "top notch meal". and the guy who served us was exceptionally nice and charmingly seemed quite embarrassed when I offered a tip.  Not mind-blowing, but a great little place for a meal.
5 Tangs is delicious and I have to say I am a huge fan. You can sit in the chilled out restaurant with minimalist decor or you can order something to take away if you can't be bothered cooking.  I'd say that it's best to go at lunch times as they have some fantastic lunch deals including the Bento Box of the week for only £8.50. It's still great for dinner but is slightly more expensive than other Japanese restaurants but for the good standard of food and nice atmosphere of the restaurant I don't mind paying a wee bit extra.  In addition to the usual Bento Boxes and sushi rolls part of the menu take an almost tapas style format offering miniaturised versions of other things on the menu. There's a few things on it that I haven't tried before, such as various different seaweeds with different seasonings. I will need to try them sometime!  Overall, great standard of food if a little pricey and the standard of service is top notch.
4 I didn't really know too much about Japanese food - I mainly thought it was sushi and that's it. I was wrong!!  This is a lovely place, as Jonathan M has said its location is beautiful (if a bit odd). The restaurant is really well decorated and laid out, I came here for a birthday party with about 40 people and we all fit in nicely. I'm not sure if the quality of the food was high as I am a total Japanese food novice, but it tasted good to me. If there was one thing, I did find the portion sizes a bit small, but then again everything is small in Japan.
2 Pretty good salmon. Reasonable tuna and yellowtail but nothing special.   The service today was an understaffed disaster. There was only one waiter, who could not keep up with the orders and was also servingt as busboy, so tables as they departed were not cleared. It was really a disaster.  Perhaps on another occasion the services would have been better and if so I would have awarded a third star.
5 Tang's is probably the best Japanese restaurant in Edinburgh. Located just next to Greyfriar Bobby's, it can easily be overlooked by those going into town for a good meal, but don't make this mistake. With a selection of rice, noodles, sushi, Bento boxes and hot mains, Tangs is an complete Japanese restaurant, unlike many of the sushi bars in Edinburgh.  The sushi itself, although not as good as Bonsai, is still exceptional and the rice is the best around. The prawn tempura maki and salmon and avocado maki (both £4.50) are really well made and affordable on a sushi menu that has a tendency to be a bit pricey. We also tried the inside out duck sushi roll with Japanese omelette, which although baffling us with the description was really tasty.  The mains here are awesome, and Tang's is one of the few places where you will get high quality Japanese hot dishes. The katsu curry was brilliant, the breaded chicken in it being a highlight. As well as thi, the bento boxes are good, as is the Yaki Soba. The others dishes on the menu all look amazing, especially the grilled dishes, and I look forward to the next time. They are all quite expensive though, but the food is so good you won't care.  The building covers 2 floors and is a mix of traditional and modern Japanese décor. The staff are friendly and always chirpy. Also I forgot to mention the drinks; they do a great selection of Japanese rice wines as well as beers and soft drinks. The teas are really flavoursome as well, especially the burnt leaves one. Definitely a great place to go out for some authentic(ish) Japanese cuisine.
1 Perhaps Japanese food is not so popular here because that could be the only explanation for the positive reviews for Tang's on Yelp.  I feel badly giving it such a bad rating but if you are a seasoned consumer of Japanese fare, Tang's will be horribly disappointing and overpriced.   The sushi was the most pedestrian I have ever tried and the prices were comparable with upscale sashimi joints in the states. There were no creative house rolls and the maki roles we ate were tiny and pricey.   For entrees, we ordered curry chicken katsu, chicken teriyaki and black cod. The chicken katsu was soggy and buried in a very bland curry sauce. My sister's chicken teriyaki was entirely dark meat and every single piece was fatty. She ended up eating only the white rice. My cod didn't taste terrible but it was literally the smallest piece of fish I have ever been served as an entree. And I'm not one of those Americans who loves huge portions... this just happened to be comical. Charging 12.50 for a tiny, thin piece of fish felt like I was being robbed.   They were also very understaffed. The only 2 women working had to climb up to the third floor for every dish. However, they handled the high customer volume like champs.   Stick to what Scotland does best... Pub grub and Indian food.
4 I visited Tang's on a Saturday evening, around 7pm.  The waiting staff seemed good, fixing our slightly wobbly table and taking orders quickly.  The interior was relaxing, with a panel resembling bamboo on one wall, solid wooden tables, and a very effective heating system (important in February!).    Myself and my boyfriend both ordered Asahi - cementing my belief that there is nothing like a cold, crisp beer with fresh sushi.  We also ordered a Garden Bento Box each, due to one count of vegetarianism, and one of genuine seafood dislike.  The  bento was rather pricey at £15 each, but for us was plenty of food for a main course.  It consisted of six maki rolls (good texture, fairly tasty); teriyaki tofu (melt-in the mouth deliciousness); salad and a portion of sticky rice.  There was also a small bowl of miso soup each.  The selection was definitely tasty, and not too daunting for those who aren't familiar with Japanese food.  One small problem was that the wasabi seemed uncharacteristically weak.  Wasabi is made from Japanese horseradish - you commonly are served with a little glob of it which can be stirred into soy sauce - and used as a dip for sushi.  I stirred my glob, but couldn't taste it in the soy sauce.  Being denied a mustardy assault on my senses was a little sad - but my dining partner was quite glad to forego that experience!  Also, the Garden Bento was a little pedestrian.  Having a mixed leaf salad which was fairly Italian in appearance did disappoint me.  Edamame beans, anyone?   However, after a dessert of coconut ice cream and a cookies and cream cheesecake, we footed the slightly hefty bill and left the restaurant happy and bursting at the seams.  I would happily return to Tang's, make up my own sushi platter with some of the slightly more exciting menu options, and soak up the wonderful ambience of the restaurant.
2 I randomly passed Tang's one evening and decided to pop in for dinner.  I didn't have high hopes for a place with a Chinese name serving Japanese food, but once inside, I was pleasantly surprised that the interior was pleasant and attractive.    The menu looked okay, so I decided to order green tea, pork gyoza, and chirashizushi (sashimi on rice).  The food tasted good, but I thought it seemed to take a very long time for the food to actually come out and, in the end, I thought it was pretty overpriced for what I got.  I'm not sure if good Japanese food is hard to find in Edinburgh, but coming from California, I would normally pay half the amount for what I got at Tang's.  I'd normally say skip Tang's, but if you've got a craving for Japanese food and you don't care about the price, it's a nice place.  One thing I thought was funny is that Tang's is directly across the street from the Guiness Book of World Record's most pierced person's shop (Elaine Davidson).  I saw her close up her shop for the night and it was the most exciting (and frightening) thing I'd seen in ages.
3 And so my quest for sushi in Edinburgh continues.  The unseasonally hot weekend in October had passed and we were back to a cold, wet Sunday afternoon. The boy wanted sushi (after, I, admittedly had suggested it) but I wanted hot food. Dilema.  Walking down Middlemeadow Walk with half an idea of The Outsider on George IV Bridge I suddenly remembered Tang's, and specifically that Yelp reviews had mentioned that it did both hot & cold Japanese food. Seemed like a winner.  We were greeted by a very friendly Japanese chap who offered to shut the door and turn on the heating when he saw how cold I was. I did think it was silly to have the door open and heating off on a cold day, and I have to admit I was a bit put out by the 'cold' welcome in the restaurant but his friendliness made up for it.  The menu is indeed split into hot and cold options, with hot starters, cold starters, sushi, sashimi and then hot mains. There is probably slightly more hot options than you'd find in a regular sushi place, but also the usual hot options you can find in other sushi bars like teriyaki etc.  Ironically, don't judge, but in the end I went for sushi. Miso soup to start warmed me up, as did my huge cast-iron pot of green tea (which tasted very authentic). The boy had the chef's sashimi special, and some nigiri, whilst I went for one serving of the tuna sashimi (2 pieces) and the maki sushi rolls of eel and cucumber (6 pieces).  I had commented on how affordable and good value it seemed compared to other favourite sushi place. £2.95 for a serving of sashimi as opposed to £5.95.   When it arrived I realised why. The fish is cut thin and the portions smaller. This is by no means a complaint, as like I said it was cheaper, and the 6 rolls of maki left me very comfortably full. But note to self, I would not be able to have a meal of only sashimi here as the slices are very small.  That would be perhaps my only complaint. I like big chunks of raw tuna to soak up the soy mixed with wasabi and pickled ginger. These wee slices were quite delicate, for all I know perhaps more authentically how sashimi should be served, but what can I say - I'm a gannet. I wanted a bit more and in thicker slices.  The maki was really nice. Nom. The boy reports all of his was great too. We finished all of it and felt very nicely full but not stuffed. This is why I love sushi.  The waiter, again, who may have been the owner was very friendly chatting to us about the cast-iron tea pot and how light sushi can be. He asked how we enjoyed our meal and seemed genuine in asking.  I would have to be honest and say this isn't my top sushi place in Edinburgh, that still goes to somewhere else, but I think it's because it's not exclusively sushi that perhaps that doesn't shine. The fact they do a plethora of hot Japanese dishes alongside plentiful sushi options makes it a very good choice for a mixed bunch of folk who maybe don't all enjoy the deliciousness of raw fish. There were plenty cooked fish options (like grilled black cod, which sounded delicious) as well as chicken, steak etc.  I'll definitely come back to Tang's, and next time *will* try the hot dishes!
3 Sushi........ yes please!!!  I liked Tang's, the sushi was very tasty! I had salmon maki, Mackerel Nigiri and a Tuna sushi that was dipped in Tempura then fried - WOW!!!! It was one of the specials, and it was delish!  Something I have never seen or heard of being done before and I would go back just for that!  I have been to several sushi bars, and the menu here was a little smaller than what I had expected. BUT there is something to suit everyone. They have several specials for the day, and a lunch deal aswell.   My only qualms with Tang's were that it is maybe a little small. The waiter, yes, lovely as he was, seemed quite shy and uneasy when you asked questions, he didn't seem to know any more than we did about the food he was serving. I also did not like that all the food did not come at the same time. Granted they did tell us that some was ready and some not. But I still did not like sitting eating whilst Jenny had no plate in front of her.
4 Small comfortable restaurant, had sushi and teriyaki and the children noodles (big plate). The service was excellent, sushi was average and the teriyaki chicken was very tasty. The rice noodles were very good. Little bit pricy
4 Dearest Tang,  (Please note: This is not another letter to my vag, even though Tang is, in fact, a euphemism for vagina.)  I am writing to thank you for making sure my taste for sushi is at least a LITTLE appeased. Now, sushi in Edinburgh is prohibitively expensive (my favorite phrase). Like, I could probably get a flight to Spain for £20 on Ryan Air and buy sushi while I'm there and come out spending less than I would have had I gone out for sushi in Edinburgh (as long as I didn't bring luggage).   Still, your weird little lunch box prices (under £10) that combine a teeny tiny bit of sushi with a bunch of other Japanese delights makes me feel full and happy and my hunger for raw fish satiated.   You also came down and asked what I thought about the new Bento Detox box, that I obviously loved because I basically licked the plate clean. And you're super for that, even if you just asked to be nice, I appreciated you pretending. Your brown rice skills are superb, as are you.  Thank you for my lovely meal,   steph
4 Wandered into this restaurant between shows at the festival. I had no idea it existed! The staff were lovely, very friendly and full of recommendations. The sushi selection is a little basic and a little expensive - but what they do have is delicious. There is something to be said for a small menu done very well. I would certainly return if in the area. Try the cold house sake - fantastic.
4 A morning's work on The Mound left my colleagues and me feeling a little peckish. One of the others had found Tangs and suggested we make our way along to Candlemaker Row.  Died Cola for three and a lunch time special of Tang's Gozen each proved a satisfying repast. We moved on to Green Tea Creme Brulle and my colleagues had coffee while I sipped Jasmine Tea.  The service was friendly and efficient. We would return!
4 My wife is crazy about Japanese food and sushi (although depressed about the quality of offerings she has found in Edinburgh) and so we hopped into Tang's to test out another place on the list. We just wanted a quick meal as we had an appointment, but nearly ran out of time as the restaurant owner/waiter ran up and down the three flights of stairs in order to serve the food to customers.  Although Chinese owned like most (all?) of the sushi places in Edinburgh, the chefs are Japanese and you can tell this by the quality of food on offer, which I found one of my more pleasant sushi experiences in Edinburgh. Not world class by any stretch of the imagination, but definitely recommended.
4 I know very little about Japanase food, but I do know that this place is vegan friendly, and that they don't use any MSG, so they deserve a mention for those features alone.  It's also super handy if you're visiting the National Gallery as it's directly opposite from it, just down from the Greyfriars Bobby statue.  We visited this week, and, while they didn't have any items on the menu that indicated they were vegan, the owner explained that one of his chefs is vegan, and that he would make me a dish that was definitely vegan. Vegan chef = big result!  I had a variation on the lunchtime special, which was a savoury pancake made from rice noodles, and some miso soup. It was lovely, and I'd go back again to see what else they came up with. The owner said that if he had more vegan customers, he would put on a special section of the menu. He's keen to make use of the skills of the vegan chef.   So vegans - get going!  And for all you meat eaters out there, my boyfriend had the lunchtime special, which was full of various meats - and, in his expert opinion, was 'very nice'.
5 I thought I had already written a review of Tang's, it just felt like something I would have done without a doubt, as I love this restaurant so much.  I was first introduced it by a friend who I met in first year from Tokyo. She said this was by far the best and most authentic Japanese restaurant in Edinburgh, so I was eager to try. We came together one evening in the new year of 2012 with my boyfriend and another friend to try out the food, and didn't leave disappointed.  The decor is minimalist, typically Japanese and quite classy. There are two floors, and the restaurant is conveniently located near the grassmarket. We ordered genmaicha tea, and my boyfriend and I went for the veggie bento boxex, which cost £12. I had heard that one of the chefs was vegan and so the vegetarian food here is taken very seriously. I can't remember what my friends got, but one went for the omnivore bento box.  The food arrived quickly, and the veggie bento box consists of: a seaweed salad, 6 sushi rolls, 3 with cucumber and 3 with avocado, some teriyaki tofu, Japanese sticky rice, and some miso soup on the side. Everything was absolutely perfect. I couldn't any fault with the fresh sushi and delicious tofu. The genmaicha tea was the perfect complement. The others also enjoyed their meal, and we  ending up spending 4 hours afterwards just chatting. The time flew by here. For pudding we shared a plate of mochi, which my Japanese friend (the expert) said were nice but not the same as those back home.   It was such a memorable evening that my boyfriend and I returned here to eat exactly the same thing in October to celebrate our 4th year anniversary. It was delicious once again, and we cleaned our palate afterwards with some green tea ice cream.  I am surprised at the amount of mediocre reviews here, as I would recommend it to anyone who loves Japanese food.
5 Simply the best ramen in Scotland, chasu ramen all the way.
1 No star for the food, give the cute waiters a star
5 Hey there friendship, long time no see.  This right here is my favourite date-night restaurant with La Chels (not, in fact, a cuisine). Because it's so romantic, right? Because it's got little candles on the table and a violinist being screechy next to your ear? Nope: it has cold dead fish. And that happens to be just how I like it.  Now gather 'round kids, I'm picky about my sushi. Having lived in California and having had the pleasure of dining on sashimi hanging from palm-trees, I'm forever lusting after it. So, when the cravings reach such a level that even five minutes of gentle weeping into my Special Meditation Pillow didn't help: I haul ass to Tang.  Oh, wow, yes, please, MOAR. It's expensive, yes, but that's sushi for you, at least here in the UK. And I'd rather pay through the nose for some quality cold dead fish, than having to dodge a slimy piece of salmon at Bonsai (review pending, buckle your seatbelts.)  Look, sushi is all about ingredients, you can't hide anything when you've got raw fish, a little vinegar and rice to present. Tang understands this thank the unholy spaghetti-monster that it does. Just thinking about their salmon sushi makes my eyes glaze over ever so slightly.   The atmosphere is lovely, I never feel rushed, the waiting staff is polite and doesn't hover (when I'm playing at being a vacuum with my freshly prepared plate of sushi I'd rather not have anyone stare at me with judgy little eyes, thank you) and the prices, though pretty high, are understandable for the quality you get here.   I love Tang. I'm going to climb Arthur's Seat and gently hum my appreciation in their direction, that's how much I love Tang. Then I'm going to pick up the phone and make a reservation.
3 My boyfriend dragged me into this restaurant with the promise that Japanese food wasn't all about fish. He was right! I actually thought at least half of the menu involved duck, chicken and beef. I had plenty to choose from and if we'd had more time I would have suggested a banquet of small things to share and experience. The soy paper veg sushi sounded intriguing. As it turned out we only had about 45 mins before our 'late night at the museum' started and they were more than happy to speed things up for us. I opted for chicken teriyaki which was delicious. It had a barbecued flame grilled flavour. Sweet but not overpoweringly so. I ate the majority of it and didn't feel overly full. The pork dumpling we shared were very tasty also.  The only annoyance was the shoogly table Something I thought I'd never say about a Japanese restaurant - Would go back! :)
2 Continuing my exploration of all things Sushi related in Edinburgh, I headed for Tang's. Unfortunately it's not a place I'll be revisiting.  I ordered the octopus sashimi and concerned by the fact it stated on the menu that it was a meagre two piece portion, asked for double. Upon being served, I should have made it a double figure serving. It consisted of four, cigarette paper thin, slices of octopus that were in danger of floating away in a slight breeze. Accompanied by similarly pathetic wisps of carrot and lettuce that looked suspiciously like the stuff you get in bags at a supermarket. The £7.00 price tag left an even worse taste in my mouth than the rubbery, dry, vacuum packed octopus.  In addition to this I ordered the Kimuchi and Hijiki. The Hijiki was more a bowl of soy beans sprinkled with Hijiki. Far from resembling the flattering photograph depicted on the menu.  The staff were pleasant enough, even if the lone waitress did spend the majority of her time attending to a table of suited businessmen.  Overall a very disappointing experience that left me feeling quite shortchanged.  The Kimuchi was nice, though.
4 Simple review from me. I too lived in Japan previously, my wife is Japanese and we both agreed that this is a really great ramen experience. Gyoza were also very good. Price-wise a little on the high side for ramen but it was as authentic as I am yet to taste in my two years back in London. So good we went there twice (in two days!).
