3 Ok, so I didn't get married. I just took a few photos with my boyfriend and sent them via SMS to my mom to scare her. The chapel is pretty cute though, so if you are drunk and actually decide to go for it....there it is. The Canterbury Wedding Chapel, right next to public restrooms and turkey legs. NICE.
3 So we actually did tie the knot here. After looking at pics online as well as packages it seemed to be right up our alley - cheap and simple. I was quite disappointed to find that it is nestled in the back hallway right next to a Pizza Hut Express. It wasn't as much of a big deal (I assumed it;s Vegas right? Everything is tacky...) until we started checking out the other casinos and wow, their chapels are gorgeous for almost the same price.  Now don't get me wrong, the day of our ceremony was lovely and the officiator was kind and genuinely happy for us. A million photos later we were married. Hooray!  And then we went back to check out those photos the next day and things started to go downhill. The package I purchased included 9 images and an 8X10 (all that we needed), but after clarification, 9 images means that the photographer will take a minimum of 9 photos.....and you get one printed picture of your choice.   As soon as we sat down the usual hustle began. They wanted to give us all of this extra stuff for the low low price of $1780. Umm, no. Want your digital negatives? $700. Want just 5X7's without digital manipulation (because that costs more) they are $10 each. Ouch. So we chose a few photos and the 8X10 we wanted (unfortunately for everyone involved, not the one that had printed out and waiting to give us for $1700). Went back the next day to pick up our 8X10 and was left waiting for half a freaking hour, despite having an appointment. To pick up a picture.   Soo. Moral of the story. Do your homework. The package online has a different name and includes different things than the same thing on a sheet in the chapel. It is misleading and like all things in Vegas they are just out for your money.
2 Just got married here in February..... and it was a diaster! I should've been more concerned when everything was so laid back, but that's me so I wasn't stressing. For starters the package we purchased came with a one night stay that the chapel is supposed to book... Which they did not! They're reasoning was that we didn't tell them we were staying any other nights at the hotel. I'm not sure what difference that made but they fixed the error.  The ceremony itself was fun and the officiant really made it feel like it wasn't the same thing he had just done 30 minutes ago which I really liked.  As for the video.photography it was rotten! Our contract says no recording and no flash photography during the ceremony... the photographer announced NO PHOTOS period!!! NONE!!! After the ceremony the photographer was doing all the typical wedding photos that are wanted. Unfortunately she was relying on me to tell her what to do and when I finally said "Ok, I just got married, never been married before this is your job why don't you tell me what pictures I should be doing?' Her response was "Ok we're done here" With full on attitude... Umm I'm sorry but weren't we paying you to handle that part? So we go the next day to check out the photos and was ready to have to drop some serious money as we assumed they wouldn't be cheap. We walked in to a desk with 2 8x10's, this cheesy collage thing and some other random stuff. We had 24 images that came with our package so we decided to go thru the 120 or so pics the photographer got. (Which was actually quite a bit for a 30 min ceremony) We seperated them in have to have & maybe & No.... WE HAD 12 HAD TO HAVE PICTURES!!!! That was it! 10 Maybe!!! The edited ones were elemntary photoshop... thr ironic part was that in one of the black  white images my flowers were the only thing in color.... my flowers should have been lavender.... THEY WERE PINK! I didn't catch it until then!! My best man should've had a lavender boutenierre and it was white! Long story short we left with strictly the 24 that came with our package and I had to call her again to get the photo album that was supposed to come with it as well..... which was recieved with yet another attitude! At the end of the day I'm married to my best friend and the service itse lf was great.... But I definitely wouldn't recommend them! P.S. saw the video when we got home.... not worth what we paid for it either!
3 Excalibur has so many childhood memories for my then fiance that we decided that this would be the place we'd get married. I'll preface this by saying we already had a much grander wedding planned for latter in the year closer to home, so although this day was important it wasn't as big a deal for us as it might be for another couple...  Its been almost 2 years since my hubby and I walked through that cream colored archway with a neon light, past a gift shop and pizza hut as 2 single people and walked out man and wife. It wasn't quite as magical as that, BUT the entire experience lived up to my expectations. The pastor we had marry us was nice enough and had a cute speech, ceremony was quick and painless, and the chapel itself is pretty darn cute. Everything was setup for us and all we had to do was show up with the correct paperwork and rings.  Downfalls? Its like McDonalds meets wedding services. My cousin was accidentally waiting with the NEXT family to come in for a ceremony because he was very confused by the line. They will get you in and out of there in less then 1.5 hours!  Bring your own flowers if you can cause the free bouquet you get looks like a 5 year old made it. It would make a prettier boutonniere then bouquet.  The pictures also look like they come from the 80's/90's with that weird yellowish lighting and the cheesy footage if you buy your dvd. But it does wreak of Vegas and so we loved it for that!  In the end if you want a quick ceremony for a good price Canterbury Chapel is definitely the way to go!
5 Very nice, very quick. Beautiful ceremony and very chapel-like setting. My best friend was married in a castle!
3 ok so the director Dee Dee of the photo department promised a free gift if I left a good review on yelp. it has been about two months since our wedding and I have not heard a thing. the truth is the pictures are way overpriced. they never told my family the wedding was now over you may exit this way, they left them with no direction except go down this hall; a lot of people were confused and weren't sure what to do. the pasture messed up twice during the ceremony including calling my husband the wrong name. if i had it to do over i would have stayed in our hometown and saved thousands of dollars; they even overcharged us for 2 extra people at the excalibur buffet and only provided us with one server. not my dream wedding at all.
5 This chapel exceeded my expectations 100%. While, yes, you do need to walk through the food court to get to the entrance it's tucked so far back through a beautifully decorated hallway leading to the chapel so you can't hear any outside noise once there.  The staff and pastor were very respectful and understanding of any questions, they let us look at the hall we would be using in a couple days. They also let us know the papers we needed and how to prepare for the ceremony to ensure everything went smoothly.  It was BEAUTIFUL inside. Even the waiting room was peaceful and nicely decorated, the chapel itself had flowers and stained glass.   Our ceremony was short but sweet, the pastor has a lovely speech for us. Before it started he let everyone know where to stand, the groom how to bring me to the alter, put the bridesmaids/groomsmen in order and let them know where to stand. We were all very thankful for instructions and help.  If you're looking for a well priced, nice ceremony they are very friendly. I would recommend this to anyone looking to have a wedding in Vegas.
5 I cannot say enough about the people from the chapel. They were amazing. Each and every one of them. I will admit, I began to get skeptical because of some of the reviews and began to wonder what I got myself into.   Let me put your mind to ease. This place is a wonderful place for a wedding and they will work with you.   Let's start with the planning. After talking with one of the planners, I picked a package and she even told me that I could change to a smaller or bigger package later, if I preferred. I then made payments throughout the months (money order or cash, no checks).  Between this time, I sent emails over emails over emails asking many questions and within a day, I received a response from one of the planners. Never did she brush off my questions, but always answered them and gave me more details.  Wedding: The wedding itself was great. Be warned, your guests WILL see you before the wedding if you are running late (like me). They put Curtis in the chapel so he wouldn't see me and then I walked through to the brides room with my girls. The guests waved but I just rushed through. If you don't want them to see you, be there when they tell you to be there. :)  The pastor goes over where to stand and even checked to make sure he was pronouncing my birth name correctly (yay!).  He was very nice and patient.  I walked through, the place is so pretty, the lighting was perfect, they had the guest stand when it was my turn to walk through.   Honestly, no complaints about the wedding ceremony.  Pictures: The photographer took many pictures. Some of the ceremony, and some that were posed. The posed pictures were of party, and immediate family. Seriously, I didn't expect him to include everyone, yet he did. Awesome. I even had a specific pose that I wanted and he took it.   The Day After: If your package came with pictures, then you are called in advance to set an appointment to see pictures. We went in and thanks to some of the reviews, I knew they were going to try and sell me packages so was ready. The great part was that when they called me to set the appointment, I asked about prices and they gave them to me. I was even more prepared. It was very tempting to purchase the pictures, especially when you see them framed and so pretty, but we picked our 18. The best part is that if you regret not getting a picture, you have 6 months (something like that) to get them. The photographer sends a link right away. It's okay to say no. Just know that they will try and sell a package to you.  Video: As part of our package, we received a video. There is no videographer around, instead, they have cameras mounted in certain areas and it appears that they run all of them and then edit the video at a later time. This was a great gift. Just watched ours today and it was perfect.  BTW, yes, it is through the food court, but once inside, you forget because it's so nice.  Great experience and great people.  PACKAGE: The Journey Begins
4 Attended a friend's vow renewal ceremony on 2/1/13. I hope she isn't reading this :) 4 stars for the physical site, -1 star for the Medieval costume rental.  Whomever designed this did a good job in that you have to walk through a long hallway to get to the receptionist area. You can't hear any casino noise at all. You can't just pop your head in and crash a wedding. From the pics posted by others, you can see that there are a lot of mirrors and that lighting that makes everyone look good.  My friends rented Medieval costumes, and as a Medieval and Ren Faire groupie, I can honestly say the bride's dress was awful. The bride's dress was trailing threads everywhere, the hem of the skirt was completely unhemmed so you could see the old hemlines where it had been let down for other brides. The hoop was not made for the dress - not sure how to explain it, but when a woman wears a skirted dress, you don't usually see the frame of the hoop - you know there's a hoop there, but you don't see it. You could totally see the hoop under her skirt. The top of her dress laced up in the back, but (and understandably this is because the dress has to fit a lot of people) it used really heavy cord and laced through big rings that looked like they came from an actual chain or were carabiners from a keyring. The fit of the shoulders make her look like she was suited up for a football game. From the back the bride looked a bit like a sewn-up rag doll.  Given my complaints about the dress, the bride looked wonderful. From a distance the dress looked really good, it was just that when you got up close past the glow of her smile, you thought, "Did she have to pay for this?" A friend who came with me had a $25 dress from a costume store and it could have beat the bride's dress.  The groom's costume looked a lot better. I guess they had a better range of items that fit and didn't need adjusting.  The bride had this huge dress with a teensy little bouquet that must have been silk as she didn't keep it afterwards. It just seems that when going for an all out thing, the venue could have matched the flowers with the "splendor" of the dress.  The chapel itself was small and cozy, about 30-40 seats total. The décor matched the hallway and reception area. The podium at the front for the officiant seemed a bit big. There is a microphone somewhere and a camera in the wall above and behind the officiant for the videotaping.  Hint: if you attend a wedding there, the front row on the right as you go in is completely in the video, so if you sit there don't make faces!!!  The officiant for their service was provided by the chapel, he was friendly and didn't seem to make any mistakes or anything. During the ceremony he said a few times, "XXXX look into XXXX's eyes and repeat after me" and the bride and groom would stare at each other and giggle, and then we in the audience would giggle and yeah, it's all on the video.  There was a photographer wandering around during the ceremony too, haven't seen many of the photos, but didn't hear complaints from the bride either.  The fun this is that as you leave, they play the video of the wedding on screens in the hallway and you can't help but tease the happy couple on the walk out.  I could consider this place to get married in, but then I'd have my reception at the King Arthur's Tournament show too, so you know my state of mind :)
