3 directly across from edinburgh university, this spot has for years been a staple on the edinburgh student life scene. bar, eatery and hangout, it's a fine place to while away some idle time. i didn't eat here but i did have a couple of afternoon pints here and was impressed with the extensive and inexpensive menu. but again, i can't vouch for the food quality.
3 Negociants is very handily located for imbibing purposes, being just off Bristo Square and near the Grassmarket. Its location is handiest of all for Edinburgh Uni students, being right next to to the union and other uni buildings, so a lot of the clientele here is of the student variety. I have a vague recollection that Prince William was apparently spotted here having a few drinks, back in his St. Andrew's university days, which I think upped its popularity for a while. It's always absolutely crammed with tourists during the festival, as is everywhere in the vicinity of the Grassmarket in August, but I think Negociants appeals to a lot of people because of its laidback, in between a bar and a cafe appearance.  The look in here is pretty simple, with its continental feel and tiled walls and wooden tables, and at times I have felt it's a bit too under decorated, and not as warm looking, and feeling, as it could be, but it's still fundamentally a decent place to grab a bite to eat plus a few drinks.  ,
4 Negociants is one of the best student bars/cafes around. Situated just on the corner of the Edinburgh University students playground, George Square, it is one of the most convenient places to go to for lunch or a drink.   Negociants seems to be a mixture of a cafe, restaurant and a bar which works really well. They conveniently serve breakfasts in the morning which is great if you can't be bothered to make your own at home as they go all out with theirs. They serve fully cooked breakfasts, breakfast rolls, french toast and waffles which can be eaten in or taken away.   I love to come to Negociants for lunch with my friends in between our classes. They serve a decent selection of different meals including soups, baked potatoes, burgers, sandwiches and proper main meals such as steak pies and fish cakes. I cannot get enough of their nachos and it is all I ever order when I come here, boring I know, but they taste amazing!   The food is reasonably priced here too with nachos costing about five pounds and burgers about seven pounds. Negociants really comes alive at night though as they have a full bar and it is a lovely place to stop by for a drink, and they are open till 3am on weekends so you could make a whole night of it here!   Negociants have a seating area outside overlooking George Square so it is a great place to go to on a warm summers day and watch the world go by.
4 Negociants was the first bar I ever drank in when I came to Edinburgh, as it's right next to the uni. But, unlike a lot of other café-bars around George Square, this one's a little bit classier.  It's got quite a Parisian feel to it, with the cane furniture and all the weird and wonderful different types of coffees and teas that they offer. I've never eaten here, I usually come here with friends for a cheeky afternoon glass of wine and some pistachios or whatever other nibbles they have in big jars behind the bar that day. Having said that, every time I'm in there I ogle the pudding section on the specials board - they always have 3 different ones on offer each day.  Definitely one of the best of all the many café bars in this area.
4 There are many drinking holes situated near the University of Edinburgh campus in the Newington Area of Edinburgh.  Situated next to Assembly is Negociants, a great bar with a great atmosphere.  I came here a few months back for a friend's birthday drinks.  The bar provided a large selection of both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.  We weren't in on a particularly busy night, though some of the other tables were occupied.  As well as drinks, Negociants also serves food until very late into the evening, so worth remembering if you're feeling a bit peckish late at night - until 12am on weekdays, or until 2.30am at the weekends!  They also do good deals on the food - £10 for two courses and £12 for three.  Now that is what I call the bargain.  I'm actually just round the corner from here at the moment, and it's very tempting to just leave the review and go and eat there..........
3 Negociants is THE place to go when you want a drink but you also want food, and nowhere else is still serving.  From memory, they are open until 3am (at least on weekends) and they serve food until closing.  This is an amazing comodity.  Plus, they have really good nachos.  I am kind of a nacho snob but this place definitely serves the best nachos I've had in Edinburgh.    It is also a good place to come when you are a large group -I'm assuming you can book ahead- because they can easily setup a large table in the middle of the room.  The issues are when neither of the above scenarios apply to you.  In that case, I wouldn't recommend coming here.  The toilets are freezing and if you sit anywhere in the back half of the bar, you will be able to smell them.  You know, that toilet cleaner smell which isn't actually clean and just covers up everything else?  Yeah, the place reeks of it.    The tables and chairs can be a bit funny and I remember coming for a bite here once and had to sit at a table which only came up just over my knees.    I found the service ok, but nothing to write home about.    As I said, it is fantastic to be able to get food here late, and table service when you are in a large group is great.  But, with so many other great bars around, I wouldn't come here if all I wanted was a pint.
4 Hard to think of better venues for a cosy and wallet-friendly meal and drinks. Offering a diverse and mouth-watering menu, clientele can take advantage of some very good food deals (2 courses for £10 or 3 for £12), which given the quality of food, almost feels like they're ripping themselves off.  Been here twice in the last week; once on a date, the other catching up with old friends visiting Edinburgh. The former occasion in particular I found the Lamb Shank to be perfection, sliding off the bone and crumbling under the light pressure from my fork. the eclectic choice of burger toppings is also refreshing... can't wait to try a haggis-topped beef badboy.  The decor is interesting, even the ceiling adorned with various parafernalia from a variety of topics such as movies and music. The ambience seems to fit the time of day/week perfectly, whether it be a chilled Sunday afternoon or some pre-evening drinks on a Friday.  The lack of a 5th star comes down to the fact I've been a total of 3 times. And I think I've been lucky in that on all those occasions it has been relatively quiet. And part of me is just waiting for the Uni Yahs to come pouring in, spouting a load of pretentious naff about how inconvenient it is their grandparents have asked them to start paying gas and electric in their otherwise rent-free flats on the Royal Mile that the old dears no longer require in their retirement but can't be bothered to sell.  Basically I'm still waiting to make sure the coast is clear...! Otherwise, top drawer!   UPDATE: A further visit for lunch revealed a few revelations....  1) The course deals (2 for £10; 3 for £12) are no more. Booo!  2) The yahs have still not materialised. Get In!  3) The specials board is genius! Haggis-stuffed Chicken w/ Mash, followed by Snickers Cheesecake..... I wouldn't have taken advantage of the main menu deal even if they HAD been there! Double Get In!  Negociants is one more visit away from earning a fifth and final star.
4 What? I mean...what? But seriously....?  How on earth did I miss this place for so long? It's about 3 metres from my yoga school which I frequent daily, it's in my 'hood, and yet I have never walked past it. I'd seen it once or twice but admit as no one else had mentioned it, I'd not given it a second thought. Eeeeeediot.  I was here on a Sunday evening and wow. Hello gorgeous bar. Hello tasty margarita. Hello decent pub food (after pinching a few chips from someone else's plate). It's big inside, it's beautifully decorated in a Moroccan fashion (I think?). The pub grub menu has burgers, salads, sandwiches. The staff are friendly. It's warm, there's just this beautiful calm, chilled, welcoming vibe inside.   And the kicker? It's open until 3am and does food till 2am. I mean...what? I know, I've been there already. But seriously.  I can't say it would be the best burger you've ever had, but as Emily and Cheryl have said, it's really handily placed, it does food and drink till the wee hours, and it could have been I was all hyped up after dancing my socks off just before, but I really, really liked the vibe in here. There was also a guy up the back working away on his laptop. Idea! Call me a copycat, but that'll be me soon.
4 Negociants is a nice wee restaurant with delicious burgers. I especially like the bad boy burger which has everything inside even haggis and is enormous! I've also enjoyed their full scottish breakfast. The downside is that they usually are very slow in serving your food. apart from that everything is fine!
4 CURLY FRIES. BRING THEM BACK.  Other than that I cannot fault Negociants, well, other than the fact that when the club downstairs kicks off you can feel your own skeleton rattling. Oh yeah, and when they closed to redecorate they went to Dobbies instead of B&Q and ended up with some trestles in the restaurant. Actually, come to think of it, there are a few dents and bruises about the place, but, damn it has character and is one of my favourite places to get a burger and beer in.   Even during the festival it is possible to waltz, alright, stagger, into Negociants for a burger and beers at 1am and still get a table.   For all it's minor flaws, for the fact they did away with the curly fries and won't reinstate them despite "Yeah, a lot of people complain about that", for the bass that rattles you around the place from 9pm onward, for all of this I bloody love it.
2 I'm not downgrading Negociants to 1 star (which, frankly, is what it deserves after my experience last night) because the revamped decor looks nice and it's still a decent place for a drink (despite the fact that the selection of beers on tap is a bit dire).  I had a shocking meal here last night.  Almost more than the poor quality of the food, it was the service that really appalled us.  It's really unfortunate, too, as they've got a new menu of later night "tapas" which sounded really tasty.  1 for £5 and 5 for £15, it sounded like a brilliant place to go for a few drinks and some tasty nibbles.  Unfortunately after my experience last night, I'll not be coming back to try this menu.  First of all, I think that there were quite a few members of staff working but I couldn't really tell as there was no similarity in their dress, and most of them spent the majority of their time hanging out in the front of the bar and not actually serving any tables.  The one girl whose main job seemed to be to wait tables was nice enough but spent the first 10 minutes I was there sitting down chatting with friends and completely ignoring my several attempts to flag her down.    We were *finally* able to order but right when one of our party was about to order a burger, a guy behind her sent his back.  Not a good sign.    When the guy's burger came back, I kid you not, I watched as the server brought him his food and dumped it in front of him without saying a word or even making eye contact.  Our food came and was mediocre at best.  My beloved nachos were huge and covered in sauces, accompanied by about 6 tiny pieces of chicken.  The guac was processed and bitter, and the cheese was sparse.    The Man's chicken sandwich was served on stale bread with dry chicken and poor quality chips, and our other friends' meals were equally dire.    All of this, for over £10 for most of the meals was shocking.    I knew I would have to ask for the bill early so flagged down the waitress and explained that we were in a hurry and could we have the bill.  She proceeded to clean tables for non-existant customers before bringing us our bill.  Note to servers of the world - help customers who are actually IN the restaurant before those who haven't walked in the door yet.    All around a shocking experience that we won't be repeating.
1 Went here on a Tuesday night with my mate with an itison voucher for 8 Tapas dishes. Had been looking forward to the meal all day and had even skipped lunch to build up an appetite for the array of Tapas dishes I imagined I'd be presented with.   The menu has an extensive selection of dishes which I was pleased with. After a long discussion, we picked 4 dishes each and placed our order. We were informed that they were out of 3 of the items ordered so we quickly picked replacements.   I went for battered prawns with a lemon mayo, Braised pork cheeks in red wine and port, skewered chicken satay, and breaded Brie with cranberry sauce.   My mate had the Spanish Chorizo in red wine, Gambas pil pil, hot chicken wings and the crispy prawns.   - The battered prawns were soggy and the lemon mayo was just plain mayo - Braised pork cheeks weren't really braised enough so were tough and inedible with a watery sauce - the skewered chicken was dry and the satay sauce was just peanut butter - the Brie was actually Camembert melted in a shallow bowl (this was replaced with the breaded Brie later) - Chorizo was greasy but ok - Gambas pil pil was quite good - hot chicken wings did not have crispy skin and were just greasy and soggy and  not very appetising.  I can't fathom how a trained chef can get 7 out of 8 dishes wrong!   Stay well away from the food unless they replace the chef and/or the menu!
4 Biggest plate of nachos I've been served in quite some time. They were really good, especially the veggie chilli.The grub here is plentiful and tasty - will definitely be back. Bonus with nice outside seats and a continental atmosphere.
