3 Last Saturday afternoon I took some Gabi time... I went to a yoga class at At One and then wandered over to this nail salon for a much needed pedicure.  I know it was much needed because the night before, I was told by someone I work with that my feet looked pretty beat up.  Nice!  Anyways, I mosied on into this salon and they were able to take me right away.  I like how the pedicure rooms are fairly private, but I did feel like they were pressuring me a bit to add on services to jack up the price.  (IE: sea salt, massage, wax, etc...)  They did convince me to do a classic spa pedicure, sea salt, and brow wax.  Kayley was the technician and did a good job although she was a bit rough on my cuticles and rushed through the massage.  I was in and out in less than an hour.  I'd return to this salon out of convenience in the future but my loyalty is still with Rose at Allure Nails in Scottsdale.  If you're in the area and looking for a quick mani, pedi, foot massage, reflexology, or waxing, give this place a shot.
4 I found this salon while I was on vacation and am so pleased with the service I received.  The acrylics I had were in need of a fill and some thinning out.  By the time I walked out, my nails looked great and very natural.  I only wish this place were closer to my home in Virginia.  Well worth checking out!
5 Close to my house. Clean and very friendly. Great prices and perfect pedis and manis.
4 The place looks really nice and is very clean. I like how they have a variety of add-ons for pedicures/manicures. The pedi's were all great, the mani was just ok. I've brought out-of-town visitors here and they've always loved it.
4 This is my favorite nail salon in Phoenix.  The staff is really great (owners usually working and very nice).  Semi private rooms for pedicures and this is the only place that can get my nails right.  I haven't been sneakily up-sold at other places that I used to go to which I really appreciate. And most weekends they have a masseuse who does neck and shoulder massages for a reasonable cost.    There's a discount too if you pay with cash.
5 This place is so great!  They are always so friendly and get you in as quickly as they can if you don't have an appointment.  They always do an amazing job that lasts a long time.  I have taken numerous friends here and everyone I have taken has loved it.  It is very inexpensive for the quality of service you get!
5 Yikes - it's been three years since my original review of this salon, and it's definitely time for an update...   Nail Spa at Lincoln View is now my go-to nail salon, and it has been for quite some time.  I started going here consistently for one reason: Lia!  Lia has been taking care of me for at least two years now.  I followed her to this salon and haven't looked back.  It is a bit on the pricier side, but it's worth it.    The owners, Jimmy and Demi are super friendly, and of course, Lia always takes amazing care of me whether I see her for a pedicure with acupressure/reflexology, a manicure, a wax, etc... She does facials too!  Lia has taken care of me through both of my pregnancies and she really knows her stuff.  The salon is clean, the semi-private rooms are great, and they actually recently added on to have some additional rooms including a party room for small groups.  This salon offers their customers a bottle of water (nice touch), plenty of magazines to choose from, and pretty much any color of the rainbow when it comes to polish.  I recently had my husband join me for a visit and since it was his birthday, I let him have the appointment with Lia and I had Annie do my nails... she did a great job also.  I had her do an accent nail on each hand, which was a fun twist for me.    They do take walk-ins, but I'd recommend making an appointment (especially if you'd like to request Lia).  Go pamper yourself and enjoy!
5 Love this place. Terrific service. Very accommodating. Husband and wife owners, Jimmy and Demi, are first class. My nails have always been prone to lift but they have found the secret formula - they last up to 3 weeks and look great. Demi does incredibly beautiful lash extensions -try the mink - you will be hooked. Pedicures, massage, reflexology. All at very fair pricing in a lovely setting that is clean and inviting. Great parking too!
4 Clean and relaxing spot to get your mani/pedi done right and right away.  They always offer great customer service and give you small discounts if you pay cash.  They will also offer deals if you go Mon-Thurs as well.  In addition, parking is super easy.   It's one of the nicer nail salons in the valley for a good price.
5 I'm so happy to find a great salon. :-)  It's clean with professional nail techs who know what they are doing. I am so glad that I decided to do some research. There is nothing worse than having my hair get caught under big chunky nails that lift in a week. That won't be a problem anymore with my beautiful thin acrylics. This is how acrylics should be done.
5 Love this spa! Always accommodating and friendly staff! Great atmosphere too. Wouldn't go anywhere else!
5 Absolutely love this nail spa! Always accommodating, friendly staff, and great atmosphere. Wouldn't go anywhere else!
5 I was a customer for almost 2 years. I then moved November 2012 and tried multiple nail salons near where I moved. All of them are the typical nail shop, none of them stood out to me. Today I came in for a full set and the treated me like I never left. I love this shop and will make the drive to Nail Spa at Lincoln View no matter how far I have to drive. Demi & Nancy are the ones who typically do my nails they do amazing work. The remodeling made it look even better. This place give you the true spa feel. I will recommend them to anyone that needs their nails done.
5 Why oh why has it taken me this long to find this heavenly nail salon? I think this could have become my number one nail salon and I'll explain why.   - it's clean! Oh so clean! They use sealed packets of cleaned tools for each client and they thoroughly clean their chairs, etc.   - it's reasonably priced! Walking in, I was worried that it would be on the higher price point scale but I was happy to read that the prices are reasonable! Everything is a la carte and you can pick and choose as you like. Pedicures run as low as around $24 and manicures run as low as $15. From there, you can choose from a menu that provides different price points of service, but you can start low!   - the services! Did you know that they have massage therapists on hand to provide a la carte services? I was in heaven! They offer anywhere from a five minute neck/shoulder massage up to a 30 minute one. I opted for the 10 minute one and it was the best $12 I spent in my life and this is on top of the leg and hand massage you get with your service. I was also told that they do eye brow waxes, eyelash extensions and full body massages. This isn't your shady mom/pop shop either. These are highly qualified, professional techniques working on you.   - customer service! Everyone was very friendly and accommodating and made the experience very enjoyable. They even gave me a complimentary bottle of water.   I can't wait until I need a mani/pedi again so I can return!
3 It's in a shopping plaza...full spa menu.
4 Just popped in here for a manicure because my usual go to couldn't get me in, the place is nice inside and the gentleman who answered the phone and made my appointment was really nice, overall the staff is very friendly. I will say that while my nails look good, the manicure was $34 dollars and  there was not much fluff. Where I usually go you get all the bells and whistles and a gel manicure is still only $25. The price is what made me leave a star out, but I must stress my service came out fine.
4 I'm writing this review 17 days after my visit...because I wanted to see how long my gel mani would last! It would have lasted even longer but I couldn't handle the regrowth anymore and removed it myself. There was not a single chip, crack, or imperfection in the polish and THAT my friends, is 5-star. The tech did a great job on prepping my fingers and cuticles, and she also put sunscreen on the backs of my hands before putting me under the UV light with the gel, and I've never seen that before. I liked the gesture.  The salon is spotless, and while the layout is different than anything I've seen it lends itself well to a feeling of classiness. The nail stations are side by side along a huge granite counter, so if it's busy you WILL be right next to someone else. Fortunately everyone I met was really nice and unobtrusive. The pedis are done in other room adjacent to the nail bar. They also offer other spa services, but I haven't tried those...yet.  I was offered a neck massage when I sat down, but the people who perform those services are offering separate from your nail experience, so if you accept you need to pay for it. I declined because I was on my lunch break and didn't want to go back to work with massage oil/lotion on my neck and in my hair. The girl next to me accepted and it looked like a great massage though.  The only reason I give this nail spa 4 stars instead of five is because I didn't get any kind of hand massage or moisturizing treatment. When the gel mani was done curing (or whatever it does), she just handed me the bill. I wasn't upset but it was strange that I went to my car and immediately needed to put lotion on my hands myself.   I believe I paid $30/$35 with tip for the whole thing and while it's a little pricey it was worth the long wear I got out of it.
5 Just flew into Phoenix today and needed to get my nails done. Followed the yelp reviews and found this place close to my hotel. My nail tech was Lori. She was great and did an awesome & thorough job. The polish I brought was kind of thin so and she took thd extra time to put on a third coat. Lived the hand/arm massage. Just the right amount of pressure -  wanted to take a quick nap. Something different, they put sunscreen on the backs of your hands for under the UV lights. Gel mani ran $34. Was worth it for the job she did.
5 Lea is FANTASTIC! Always looking out for my well being while making my nails look their best. Her acupressure point on my feet helped my head cold so much. :)
1 I went to this nail "spa" this morning because of all the wonderful reviews I've seen. I was severely disappointed. When I hear the word spa I have an expectation of a certain relaxing type atmosphere. This was not the case here by any means. My initial impression when I walked in the door and saw the cluttered semi-chaos going on was that I felt like I walked into a pseudo sweat shop work place. I felt rushed to pick a color and get to my service table. I'm not sure my tech even told me her name at any point. If she did I couldn't hear her over all the noise. Now onto the actual service...  I came in for an acrylic fill since my usual place was booked up for the next 2 weeks. I will tell you right off that I like my nails super short. I work with my hands all day and cannot have them in the way, and use the acrylic to avoid ripping which can scrape my patients. The very first thing she did when she used the tool to shorten my nails was skin my finger. That HURT! I let it go though because I get it, they're short. So on we go. Then she gets to the hard file, and almost immediately I get to say " I think I'm bleeding on your file" she had filled right on the already raw skin and now in bleeding everywhere. She felt really bad, and immediately put some unknown blue substance on it which stung like hell. I have no idea what it was and to a bigger point, what if I was allergic? There was no warning or discussion. I touched through the rest of my service. The polish job is shabby with polish left on my skin. All in all it was a horrible experience and I would never return. I want to give her leeway because of how short I keep my nails, but no one has ever injured me this badly before. The manager was told of the injury, who offered me a whole $1 back on my service cost. I could tell her cared a lot ( heavy sarcasm). My advice is to skip this place. There are plenty of other places around. This is not a spa. It looks and feel just like every other low cost nail strip mall location.
5 Best nail salon in town! Super friendly and clean, great selection of colors, and they have excellent massage therapists on site to relax and pamper you!! Once you go here you won't want to go anywhere else!!
5 I have been coming here for years! Owners Jimmy and Demi are amazing!! Top notch products and services. Leah gives best pedicure! Would never waste my money anywhere else!
5 This is the kind of business I love to patronize.  I am just in town for the week and won a gift certificate at a friend's charity event last Sunday.   I made an appt for 11 and they took me @ 11:20.   Mani/pedi very good and fast.  Then the owner gave me back the certificate because I had to wait... He knows how to run a business and from now on this will be my go to nail place whenever I visit.
5 I absolutely love coming to Nail Spa at Lincoln View.  Jimmy, Demi and their friendly staff are incredibly kind, knowledgeable and do a fantastic job.  They are wonderful about trying to accommodate your schedule whether you walk in or have made an appointment.  I love the spa like atmosphere as well.  I wouldn't go anywhere else and can not refer them enough!
5 We had a wonderful time at Nail Spa at Lincoln View!  Jimmy went out of his way to accommodate three of us at the last minute,  and he and his staff were all very friendly.  We got the classic manicure and pedicure and had a very relaxing experience (and great massages)!  We would definitely go back again.  Thanks, Jimmy!
5 Love them Jimmie and Demi are the best I won't go anywhere else!
5 NAIL SPA is amazing! I went in a few weeks ago and had deluxe pedicures with my gf and it was probably best one ever. Instead of lining pedicure chairs in rows in large room, each set of 2 chairs are in their own separate rooms. This made it more seclusion and relaxing when they dimmed the lights and gave 20 mins leg & foot massage. We had Kim & Vivian and they were so great! Ashley and I are going this week for pedis again!  I went today and just got a gel manicure from Kim. Love my bright neon color I picked (they have great selection of colors)! While I was sitting one of their massage therapists, Jacob, asked if I wanted my shoulders rubbed, I originally asked for 15 mins but then just ended up wanting more so got the max of 30 mins. I went in with a headache and left without one! He was so great, so knowledgable and knew exactly where my trigger points were and talked me through each one. I have a spa myself and I know my lead therapist would be impressed with how much Jacob put into his work.   Thanks again! Definitely my regular spot! Week 1 for manicure and 2 for pedis, and repeat lol.
