4 Darling husband and I took a chance on a brand new restaurant with a cute back story we saw in the local paper (http://www.azcentral.com/community/chandler/articles/2009/06/15/20090615cr-restaurant0617.html).  The new restaurant shares some of the decor of its predecesor, 56 East, but nothing else.  Fired Up Grill is a brand-spankin' new bar and grill you can feel good about spending money at.  Their story is truly inspirational.  We enjoyed some fine drinks from their full bar and a delicious skewered caprese-style appetizer.  Next we chowed on a comforting bowl of their "Pelligrino" pasta, the sauce was a tad bland, but the pasta was delectable and the grilled ham and chicken atop were tasty.  On to desert - a chocolate ravioli with raspberry sauce - not my favorite but not bad.  The misters on the patio and the open air interior lent the restaurant a casual and homey atmosphere unknown in its past life as 56 East.  The local, family-style hospitality is apparent in the attentive staff and personable owners - who might stop by your table to say hello.  All in all, a great place to enjoy happy hour with friends and soak up the beautiful evening weather via their nifty open air bar design.
2 My friends and I were happy to see something go in after 56 East closed and we were hoping that it would prove to be another great place for happy hour. Sadly, not so.   Their happy hour is only OK. Just dollars off of drinks and apps, not half price. They didn't have a cocktail list in their menu (and they've been open for a while now), just a blank page. Our waiter said they were working on a list of their own cocktails, eluding they would be original so I asked him to name some. A cosmo, a lemon drop, a traditional martini or something with peach schnapps. Sounded like the same old tired drinks we've seen everywhere so I went with a glass of wine, Ada G. got a sangria (the only "unusual" drink they offered) and our other friend went for the "exotic" cosmo.   Our drinks came and the sangria was OK but the cosmo tasted like watered down cranberry juice. We all had to try it just to make sure and low and behold, watered down cranberry juice. Not even a whisper of alcohol in it. She ended up sending it back and getting a glass of wine also, can't screw that up.   Our food came and best looking award goes to their mini hot dogs that Ada G. ordered for her little girl. They were honest to god tiny hot dogs in tiny buns. Not cut down to size or anything but actually made that way. Adorable. For us hungry girls we ordered the chicken tamale appetizer, hummus and ceviche. The tamale was a kind of deconstructed dish of little triangle polenta cakes with shredded chicken and tomatillo sauce on them. It seemed that we all enjoyed them. They were nothing phenomenal, but if I were forced to come back here, this might be something I would order. The ceviche was great, except that it came with water crackers. I personally prefer it with tortilla chips but at least the traditional saltines would have been better. Now the hummus. It came in three flavors. One was roasted red pepper which tasted kind of weird, there was a spicy one we all liked and another flavor that tasted off which we skipped but the worst part was that the hummus was runny like they thinned it out to make it go farther. It had to be served in bowls so it wouldn't run all over the plate. It was so runny in fact that it could be used for salad dressing (though based on the taste, you probably wouldn't want to). And again with the damn water crackers! We got a few wedges of pita and a dozen water crackers. Did they buy them in bulk?   I think what finally chased us out the door was that they had their roll up window at the bar open to the patio and it was 108 outside and humid. No one was sitting on the patio. In fact the bar wasn't even full but with the window open the A/C couldn't compete with the heat and it was stifling in there. We couldn't understand why they wouldn't wait to open it until someone wanted to sit out there.   Sadly, this will have been my first and last visit to Fired Up Grill. They followed in 56 East's footsteps and with such a great happy hour, it was too tough an act for them to follow.
1 Maybe some locations just have bad kharma and are not meant to succeed....like a cold spot in a  haunted house,  this place just kind of makes me uncomfortable. Bad feng shui perhaps - or maybe it was the nasty food, drinks and slow service. I am really not sure.   When I heard the beautiful story of the chef,  taking his crew from a franchise  to his own  start-up restaurant, every dot-com bone in my  body wanted  to enjoy  this place!   The service was slow and inattentive - even  though the place was pretty empty.  Camille H did a great job of describing  our food - I,  however, would put up a good umbrella stick fight about ordering the polenta with cold shredded chicken ever again. I still have to fight the gagging reflex every time I  think of that soupy substance they tried to pass off as hummus. The ceviche was good, but the crackers  were not.  I won't go back.
4 This place has great ambiance and an open bar area looking to the outside. We sat at the bar and orderd the Salmon Burger and the Meatloaf. The meatloaf was off the charts.  The Salmon Burger was so so. It wasn't bad, just wasn't something I would go back for.  Their house wine is Twisted, which I personally felt was a good choice. It was great and we got out for around $30 bucks for 2 people.
1 This is a good location and *should* be a decent place for a meal, but it wasn't.   I liked the old 56 East, nice little local place, it was the sort of place to meet a girlfriend for a glass of wine. My recent experience was very disappointing.  The service was appalling. When I go out to eat I expect a few things:  1. Don't  address me by saying "What can I get for you guy?"  It's rude. Oh, and I'm a woman. 2. If I ask to buy more of something the wait staff shouldn't argue with me about how "that's really enough for your table" particularly when I'm asking for more vegetables. 3. Don't throw plates down in front of me so heavily that it rocks the table.  The food was ok, but the service was so awful I don't even remember what I ate, I just couldn't wait to get out of there.  Avoid.
1 This place seems great and cool on paper, but then you try the food and its just a big disappointment. Its fairly bland and lacks flavor. The service was slow and they even messed up our order. Its a shame because I had read the story about the manager and I wanted desperately to support the business and see him be successful. Such a shame.
3 I went here with a group of friends for my birthday happy hour on a Saturday afternoon and had a good time!  Another place with Saturday happy hour (starts at 3:00)  including drink and food specials, always a plus in my book!  The appetizers were good, the drinks were flowing, and our bartender was very friendly and helpful.  He even offered to take a picture of us.  I am happy to add this in my Saturday afternoon rotation and I'm looking forward to going back to try some of the dinner entrees.
2 I've been a few times.  The table top grilling is fun, but things are kind of expensive for what you get.  I still miss 56 East.
4 I don't know why more people don't like this place. I went here with my grandma for lunch yesterday & we loved it. Our waiter was so attentive & friendly. We had the mozerella balls as an appetizer, she had the angus burger which she loved & I had the chicken ceasar salad. I loved the dressing & the fries that come with the burger are yummy. They leave some of the skins on  & season them with sea salt, great combination. I also liked that on their lunchtime menu everything is $6.99 no matter what you order. There are so many selections! We topped off our great lunch with a pazookie, half white chocolate macadamia & the other half chocolote chip :) I hope this place stays around because it's a great little find in chandler.
4 this is a great neighborhood restaurant and bar in an upscale, I wanna be Scottsdale but not make the drive mall. We went for Happy Hour and the bar, the misters and the service made it a great couple of lazy hours. Drinks were excellent, cold beer can't be done wrong and the service was great. The appetizers of ceviche and pizza were tasty. The ceviche was served with chips and was tasty - the presentation was a little awkward - margarita glass made it wobbly and hard to dip. The pizza was your typical french bread pizza. A nice way to spend a few hours on a weekend out of the heat, with a icy cold one or two!
4 I like the people at this family run restaurant.  It is a great venue for me to showcase my Arizona wines.  They prepare special menus for my events and are very reasonably priced.  I have not eaten here outside of my special events.
1 Had a really bad experience here this afternoon....bartender served as waiter and he was more interested in the hot chick sitting at the small bar that us.    The salad we ordered was limp - dressing not as tart as listed.....ordered the grilled veggie side dish for $4.99 and it had one small red pepper and two slices of squash....total rip-off.    My salmon burger was ground, processed fish mixed with onions and was tasteless, and not cooked as ordered.  Wife's chicken entree' was listless as well.  Service was inattentive and slow, waiter didn't know his menu for helpful suggestions......this place will be out-of-business by Christmas......bad, experience folks.....sorry.
2 Came here with my husband for lunch. He had the burger and I had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, both from the $6.99 lunch menu. I'm glad it was only $6.99, because unfortunately it wasn't that good.  My husband burger was just that,a regular burger. In n Out across the street have (way) better burgers. Now, my pulled pork sandwich. The BBQ sauce tasted mostly like vinegar and salt! The fries were very salty and if you know me you know I love salt.  At least the waiter refilled our drinks constantly.   We really liked 56 East and were sad when it closed. We finally got a chance to try Fired Up Grill but it didn't deliver.   The service was good, nothing to complain there.
4 My boyfriend and I have been here twice now, and have only had one thing we wouldn't order again. (the scallop and shrimp ceviche). It was a little bland, but everything else was AWESOME.  We had:   Jalapeno Crab Cakes: YUM Angus Burger: so juicy Chicken Medici: soooo good! Lemon butter chicken: good, but not as good as other chicken picatta dishes i have had. Fettucine Pelligrino: good, but a little heavy for me. boyfriend loved it.  The drinks have always been great for us, and we always sit at the bar. The service great and the bartenders are always so friendly.   LOVE IT! Give it a try, despite the cranky people leaving bad reviews. You NEVER KNOW UNTIL YOU TRY!
2 We live very close to this place and WANT to love it so badly, but instead we always leave WANTING.....  The ambiance is fine, as are the prices, but where is really falls short is on taste. The descriptions always sound great, but there is a lack of refinement in the flavors. This past time around we ordered the mussels marinara for an appetizer, and then the chipotle cavatelli and steak salad for entrees. The only flavor present in the mussels was black pepper. That's it. I couldn't taste the tomatoes or garlic at all... The steak salad came out exactly as it was listed- a bunch of ingredients, but no melding of flavors. The steak wasn't seasoned, the onions were raw. And the cavatelli was poorly executed as well. The pasta (which is similar to a gnocci) was gummy and starchy. Again, the only flavor was smoke- the poor green chilis, roasted corn and black beans were a useless sacrifice to the dish.  We'll probably go back ONE more time in an effort to help support our local eateries, but we hope in the mean time, the owner will read some of these negative reviews, upgrade the food execution and take this restaurant to the level it aspires to be.
2 Like others that have reviewed this place, I really wanted to like it. Unfortunately, it just wasn't very good. Food was slow (40 minutes to get food after ordering), bland, and luke warm. The tuna I got was supposed to have a "Caribbean" flavor but I'm pretty sure they forgot the spices or whatever was supposed to go on it because there was pretty much no flavor to it.  My wife got a pasta dish that had about  a half inch of oil in the bottom of the bowl.  Just not appetizing.
4 Let's get fired up! *Claps* and *spirit sprinkles*... sorry the ex-cheerleader couldn't help but think of that chant when I walked in.  =P.  Okay, now we can talk about the joint.  The first thing that came to mind when I walked in was, this place has some character!  What a refreshing change from the overpopulation of chain restaurants on Ray road.  I was greeted immediately as I walked up to the front door, and the service continued to impress me throughout the entire meal.  I was waiting for my friends to arrive, so I decided to take advantage of the last few minutes of Happy hour and order a hummus tray and PAMI tini (Pomegranate martini). The Martini was very good, not as sweet as most places, which I prefer.  The pita bread on the hummus tray was fantastic, toasted just perfectly.  Of the trio we preferred the chipotle and pesto, the jalapeño cilantro was a little bland and surprisingly not spicy.   For dinner we all ended up ordering the same thing, so I can only report on one item.  It was their baked rotollo ... and it was fantastic!  It was like a huge manicotti stuffed with cheese, veggies and pesto, then topped with more cheese and red sauce.... an Italian vegetarians dream!  Fired up grill is a hidden gem in the middle of the chain mafia in Chandler. I'll definitely be back.
4 My wife and I ended up for dinner here after leaving Secretos due to complete lack of service.  When I'm talking complete lack of service I mean not even taking a drink order after being seated for 15 minutes.  We had a wonderful meal and fantastic service at Fired Up Grill.  We try to support local restaurants and will definitely return.  Give this place a try- it truly deserves local support due to it's excellent service and great food.  We don't want to lose a place like this in our community.
5 We went to fired up grill for the first time a few weeks ago....we wish we would have gone sooner! This place was great, the pasta was amazing, and the waiter was so friendly. He forgot I ordered a Caesar salad, so he made up for it with a free pazookie! Normally I don't like sweets, but this was the best pazookie I've ever had. My husband and I ate that thing like we hadn't eaten in days, it was awesome! We went here again yesterday and we were just as happy as we were the first time. Prices seem a little high, but the food is great. We will definitely be going here again.
5 What a great place to have dinner. The restaurant is small and the atmosphere can't be beat.  The food is great. I would recommend the Hummus. It is off the hook. This is a good date night place.
1 My husband and I came here on Sunday afternoon after the movies planning to eat a late lunch.  We immediately started chair-hopping (the place was pretty empty so our server didn't mind) since we couldn't find anywhere that felt comfortable.  The inside tables are too close together and cramped, the patio chairs are uncomfortable and front of the patio faces the shopping center parking lot and the other side faces a big empty dirt lot.  So, no nice view or quiet setting to enjoy a glass of wine in the az sunshine.  We ended up sitting at the bar which meant we were partially outside but facing in towards the restaurant.  At that point, I went to use the ladies room, which was completely filthy so I ended up just turning around and walking right out.  I know it is hard to keep up when a place is busy but there was only one table and one other couple at the bar besides us and this was well before the dinner rush so there really is no excuse for that.  I told my husband I wanted to leave but he had already ordered a beer so we stayed and had a couple beers and ordered some calamari.  The calamari was not good.  It was overcooked and the breading was falling off.  Also, the sauce was bland even though the menu mentioned it was spicy.  I do remember that there were some items on the menu that sounded good, but based on the Calamari I think we made the right decision by not ordering any entrees.  Also, the prices are way too high for this kind of place.  I am not going to pay that much money for dinner unless I get a little ambiance along with it.  So, needless to say, we will not return.  The only good thing about this place is the fact that they had both Blue Moon and Kiltlifter on tap and the guy working the bar seemed very adept at making cocktails.  Ok, so maybe I will be back but only to drink, not eat, and we will have to go home as soon as my bladder is full.
2 The night started off with so much promise.  Trying a new place that is hosting a Jazz Jam.  The drinks arrived and were very good.  Next up were the apptizers, which were on happy hour for 1/2 price.  =)  We started with sliders and a cheese plate.  The sliders were ok.  Nothing really stood out about them.  I thought that the cheese plate was excellent; however, it wasn't something that my husband likes (he wants "real" food as he says).  For dinner, we ordered the baked rotol and a side salad.  WOW.  The portion size was huge, and this was by far the best dinner on the table.  Our two friends ordered an ahi tuna salad and a salmon pasta dish.  The Ahi was huge chunks, and was basically flavorless.  The salmon pasta tasted like the salmon was a bit old, and the pasta was over salted.  I'd certainly recommend the baked rotol.  We also got a baked cookie / ice cream desert that was really tasty.  The atmosphere was really nice, and the live music was awesome.  I'll be back probably for drinks.
3 Overall, we had a great meal at a good price. We went for an early dinner a week or so ago and ordered a salad to start and a couple of entrees along with drinks. The salad was alright and probably won't order that again, but the entrees were great. Both of our entrees were full of delicious and complex flavors and were reasonably priced. They have half price appetizers, so we'll probably be back soon to give that a try.
3 Good food. Surprising flavor and quality for location I haven't heard any feedback on. Great hummus with three flavors. Good drinks. Give it a shot.
4 I went here for the first time tonight.    First off, the music was really good.  There was some good jazz that got better and better later on in the night as some of the local pros came down to jam.  The menu was really interesting and it was easy to find a healthy selection.  I went with a sea bass with an orange onion sauce that was very good.  It came with some saffron rice that was pretty good.  The prices were fair, especially since the music was free.  I really like the indoor/outdoor room.  It is a fairly small place, but the layout makes it feel very comfortable.  I can only give it four stars yet, but I will probably come back with my wife when I can give it a more comprehensive review.  In any case, I'm optimistic about this place that is trying to do something special in an otherwise chain-dominated part of town.
4 I love this place. Not just because of the history of this manager and staff and their loyalty to each other but also because the food is good and amazingly cheap! Lunch there is my favorite. I can get a table by myself and sit and read over a glass of wine, delicious food ( I love the wrap) and excellent service. I have never had anything on the menu I wasn't totally satisfied with. Fun ambiance and terrific patio. Also extremely easy parking!!!
4 Fun atmosphere.  Foods pretty good.  Live music was nice.  Will definitely be back.
5 Love this place, the staff is always so friendly.  My favorite dish is the smoked salmon pasta, truly tastes like a dish I had in Italy.  Even better, my boyfriend "hated fish" until I made him try this.  Now, we got back specifically for this, but always grab some jalapeno crab-cakes, loaded quesadilla, or decadent caprese skewers.  the food is always delicious!
5 We got there at about 6:30 and were promptly greeted by the hostess. She was very pleasant. We sat down and our waiter greeted us within 2 min's. He was very pleasant and explained different things on the menu. There was live music and it was very good.  There were four of us. Two ordered different pizzas, I got the Caribbean jerk Chicken and my husband got the chicken wrap. All were delicious and flavorful. Our drinks were never empty and the waiter checked back frequently. The owner made rounds at the end and was very pleasant to chat with. We will definitely go back.
5 Looking over some of the earlier reviews, it seems Fired Up Grill had some kinks to work out when they first opened.  Good news is they've done just that!  My daughter and I happened upon this place tonight because we cannot stand the chain restaurants.  We were pleased with everything from the gorgeous decor to the friendly, attentive staff, to the fabulous food.  It's refreshing to find an establishment that is conscientious when it comes to the quality of their ingredients and displays craft in the culinary arts by creating exciting, tasty, and unusual dishes.  I understand the menu changes frequently; I can't wait to see what new items the chef creates.  We were pleased with everything we ordered: Tamale Cakes, Bison Burger, Steakhouse Burger, and Pineapple Clazone.  Some of the items were a bit spicy for my 10 year old, but she is learning to appreciate the heat, and the server was very pleasant and prompt about adjusting her dish to her palate.  We eat out fairly regularly and frequent upscale restaurants.  Fired Up Grill is a unique, quality bistro tucked away in an otherwise cookie cutter strip mall.  We will definitely return.
4 We've been there about half dozen times.  Sometimes it's lunch, sometimes it's dinner, somtimes it's two of us and sometimes six... we've gotten seated and served promptly.  I really appreciate the gluten free items on the menu.  I mean good gluten free items not just pizza or salads.  The waiters always check with the chef to see what's the best options for gf that day.  We;ve eaten on the patio and inside.  It's been a pleasure each time!
4 Hesitant to try this Grill based on some of the reviews, but had a Group On coupon so gave it a try.  WONDERFUL experience.  Will go back.  Food was fantastic.  Yes, there was only one wait staff, but he did a great job.  Yes there was a blue tarp on the patio which blocked the wind, WHICH I was glad to have as it was chilly.  Great Beer, GREAT food, Good portions, Friendly wait staff, fair lunch-time prices.  Give them a try and glad that they worked with Group On or not sure I would have tried the place based on previous reviews on Yelp.
4 We stopped here for lunch on our way to drop my parents at the Airport after I read the other reviews. I was pleasantly surprised! It's small inside, with patio dining also available. There was only one server but he was very friendly and attentive. It did take a little longer than I would have thought to get our sandwich wraps and fries, but the food was great! When I'm in the area I would definitely stop in again!
3 We tried this place for the second time and I doubt we'll go back anytime soon. The food is ok, but we had several problems. First, they were out of all three Chardonnay wines (even though several menu items are cooked in Chardonnay), so I was unable to have the drink I wanted. Then, my son ordered a cheese pizza, but they ended up making the wrong one and he had to wait another 15 minutes for his food. We had basically finished ours before he got his. The waiter apologized, but I felt that because of both problems they should have taken something off the check to compensate, which the waiter never offered.  There was also a group that kept leaving the bar to come over to our area of the patio and smoke. It didn't appear to be a smoking patio or we wouldn't have chosen to sit out there (and I'm not sure it is a smoking patio). Regardless, it made for a less than pleasant experience outside.  All total, it was an expensive dinner and we left with more complaints than compliments.
3 Nice place for a patio experience, misters and shade.. big plus. Lonnie ordered the Margarita Pizza and I ordered the bison burger gluten free. I ordered it medium, I got it well and though it didn't say it came with fry's, it did and they weren't crispy by any means. Lonnie's pizza was not cooked all the way, very doughy. He did say it had a good flavoring, just not cooked. He sent it back, it was better, but still not cooked all the way.  Our server Jason, was great, took our drinks off the bill for the pizza.  So we order Mojito's, which were just okay, not enough mint.  He did say he didn't make them that well... we could tell. Were strong though, lots of vodka. I'd go back for appetizers and wine. Probably wouldn't eat a regular menu entree. Now, we were there on a Sunday, Memorial week-end. So it was very slow, I'm not sure how you can screw up food when there is only 6 people in the whole place...  We'll see what our next visit is like before nixing it from our list.
3 Checked it out w/ some good friends and we all decided we would go back.  The jalapeno crab cakes were ok, the bruschetta great, the sangria reasonably priced.  The hubbie thought his angus burger was good, I enjoyed the sea bass special, friend enjoyed her steak wrap, her hubbie liked his caesar.  We all enjoyed the musician who plays on Fri and Sat nights.  Count the 6 of us fans.
5 Food very good. Great music.
5 Great way to end the weekend
4 This is a cute spot and they have amazing staff. I love sitting out on the patio while listening to their live music. The servers are very knowledgeable about the wine and always give great recommendations.
5 We absolutely love this place.  The food is original and delicious! I had the steak, which was perfectly cooked and served with exceptional sides.  My husband had the pasta, which was equally good.  The caprese salad appetizer was great and the service was fantastic.  We sat at the bar and had a lovely conversation with the bartender.  This is just a great local place with exceptional food and a great feel.  I wish it was closer to Mesa!
1 So sad to have to update my review, because I've been here and actually enjoyed it, but a few Saturdays ago we went here for lunch and had the worst experience ever! They had one server/bartender for the entire restaurant. They weren't too busy, but the service was absolutely horrible. When we walked in we wait for about 5 minutes to be seated. We weren't greeted, and eventually just decided to sit ourselves. Took quite a long time to get any type of service, and when we need, the waiter needed to be reminded three times just to get our drinks. We finally ordered our food, pasta and a salad for me, and a burger and fries for my boyfriend. Once our food was delivered, it was cold. The fries looked and tasted like they came directly from Mcdonalds, he never came to check how the food was or if we needed anything, and he forgot my salad. When I reminded him, he apologized and brought it to me once I was almost done eating, and then had the nerve to charge me for it. This place is overpriced for the food and the terrible service, we will not be coming here again.
3 This used to be a great neighborhood bar/ restaurant but I'm not sure if they replaced the chef or what happened here.  On our last few visits for dinner, the portions were extremely small and the prices are on the high side.  We were there recently on a Friday night with friends, they ordered the calamari but it was one of the smallest and worst displays of calamari I had seen.  The service is always good so I can't fault them there. But I don't think I will be going back anytime soon, there are too many really good restaurants that are better.
2 If you get a coupon for a free appetizer can you complain? Not really, but you can warn the next person not to get the Cheese Plate appetizer unless you enjoy donating $12 for a slice of cheese. The free app coupon is on the website, but the cheese platter would be the wrong choice. A tiny dollop of goat cheese and two very small slices of two other kinds of cheese (one was asiago which is like eating parmesan cheese). Stale dates, six tiny pieces of bread and a handful of almonds completed the incomplete dish. How could the owner justify letting this leave the kitchen and actually feeling good about serving it to customers?      Otherwise, the outdoor/indoor bar is kinda cool and they had a bunch of senior citizens in the place on Sunday night listening to other senior citizens singing in a band. Beer prices weren't that great at $5 for a glass at happy Hour, but bartender was nice and seemed like alot of regular's were in attendence. Might go back to try lunch sometime where the prices were more reasonable.
4 Went here for lunch with some co-workers.  The food was great and the service matched it.  I will defiantly be back!
5 Summary: top notch local foodie joint.   Pros: Service is great with professional waiters and bartenders. Great Asian ahi tuna, fantastic drinks and a dangerously good dessert pizza thing with ricotta cheese, chocolate, and raspberry drizzle. They have a good size menu with enough variety without being overwhelming. We have tried several dishes and all were good. Great outdoor area with outside in bar.   Cons: Atmosphere is nice but looks a little beat up.  Back of house extends out into the guest area near the restroom area. Their make shift curtain does not have the intended effect. Hard to have a conversation in the dining room when live music is playing. Good talent if you know what you are coming into.   We went here for the first time several months ago because we found a groupon. We have been back many times since. Highly recommend.
2 Wife an I was there last night, the band was playing they were so so, but the people that were there were dancing and having fun...So we thought this looked like a fun place.. We had a couple drinks, 8.00 for exactly 1 oz of white tequila... An appetizer Mussels was OK a little to much Basil for my liking... I had the stake with a mushroom sauce... It looked good when it was placed in front of me, I noticed how small the stake looked so I assumed I was going to get a meal that tasted great... My 1st bite I was very disappointed it was very blan tasting had to ask the waiter for salt and pepper, none being on the table, just to add some flavor to this meal, but I ate it because I was hungry... My wife had a shrimp and scallop pasta dish that came on a small plate, even the shrimp and scallops were only about the size of a nickel... The prices did not reflect the quality or the quantity of  the meal... The waiter was nice but the food was sub-par at most... We will not be back...
5 The food is tasty and well displayed. The service has a great neighborhood feel, they treat you like a regular in the first visit. One wall opens to the outside so it has a great indoor/outdoor feel. Best of all, they have live music. Good live music!!! Two thumbs up.
5 I really enjoyed my trip here.  Half price appetizers gave me the chance to try a few things.  I loved it. I can't wait to go back.  Nice big bar and patio.  Very cool. Good food.  Great happy hour.  And very good service. 5 star place for sure.
2 Well I have been here twice this past month (due to family members picking the spot) and I can honestly say after two separate visits I'm still not impressed.   The food is okay, the prices are pretty extravagant for what you get- the only real good part about this place is the live music and atmosphere on a Friday night.   Last time I had the seasonal pumpkin soup which was very herb heavy. I honestly don't remember my entree so I have no opinion one way or another. This visit I got the salmon which was cooked perfectly. The badness was desert when I decided on the Tu-zookie (think Oregano's Pizookie but not nearly as awesome). In their defense the menu says the cookie dough is half-baked but when it came out it was a raw mess. I could not stomach eating it which is sad because there goes $6.99.  For such a nice looking place you'd think they'd have it all together, but for what you pay I don't think I'll be going back.
1 Really wanted to like this place, really disappointed.   Bruschetta came out cold and tasted like just cold bread and tomatoes. No spice, seemed like a lazy version of bruschetta.   Apple/pear salad would have been okay had it not been for the maple in the vinaigrette. It tasted like maple syrup and ruined the whole salad. My friend and I didn't eat anything of it except for the fruit and the waiter took the plates away with the entire salad still on it, not asking us if something was wrong. Obviously there was.   Had two half dishes, one the chicken and asparagus with risotto and one dish with pasta with marinara. Both incredibly underwhelming.   Risotto wasn't cooked properly, most bites had hard, clumpy pieces in it. Chicken was okay, not great. Sauce on it tasted burnt.   The marinara sauce on the pasta tasted like regular old Ragu sauce. I legitimately could have made a tastier dish at home and I'm no chef.   We ate about three bites of marinara pasta and half of the chicken. Again clearly we ate only 20% of our meals and she took them away again without asking if anything was wrong.   All this for $67 and we had to go to AJ's after to get dinner because we were hungry and this was terrible.   The atmosphere was okay, but the good and service were horrible. I can't remember the last time I didn't like a restaurant. Will never be back.
4 Consistently great food & relaxed ambiance. Perfect place to grab dinner or a drink any night if the week!
3 The food and service are OK.  I will go back.  I had the Ahi Dish it was under seasoned.  I will try something else next time.
4 The food is outstanding, the drinks are good even though not a great selection of beers, the staff is wonderful and very helpful, but the place is just a tad small inside,  however there is a large outside patio.  Before ya check it out, call them to see if Brian Legate is performing.  Brian is an amazing musician and will give ya a night of great music and dance.    Great place, always fun times...just wish they had a better beer selection.
2 I've been here twice. Both times it was too warm inside. The first time there were flies; the second time, I didn't notice any, so that's an improvement.  The wait staff is good and very attentive; that's why I gave it two stars. The food isn't very good. Nothing was cooked improperly, but it just wasn't really seasoned or inventive in any way. I had the trout with kale. The trout was cooked fine but it had little flavor. The kale was pretty much straight from the garden and cooked for a minute, so it had all the bitterness that most restaurants remove from it before you eat it.  I like supporting independent restaurants, but I won't be able to dine here again.
3 Date Night - Great little spot with a lot food options. A live band on Saturday night and nice outdoor tables. The place could use a little remodeling to freshen up the feel. I would for sure come back. LIKED - Crab Cakes and Potato Cob Salad.
3 It's so close by and the happy hour menu is a great deal, and so we keep going back. But every single time we go I get annoyed with several things. First, they only offer three beers on tap. Second, the service is always spotty. A server will be uncomfortably over-attentive at the beginning of the meal, then we have to hunt him down to get the check. I never understand this. It always seems delaying the bill is a huge liability. I wonder how many people have walked away from a meal without paying. The food can be spotty too. At this meal we got two regularly priced items and two happy hour items. One of the cheaper items, the calamari, was our favorite dish. The most expensive item, the elk meatballs, were bland, dry, and a sure never-order-again.
1 One star is only because our waiter was attentive and provided great service.  First appetizer cheese plate, save your time and energy and get cheese at your local market you will get better quality.  My meal was the orange sea bass it came out extremely over cooked and dry. Such a disappointment when see bass is moist and normally melt in your mouth. My husband had the angus burger and he said it was fine not spectacular but fine. The guy singing is really good. I sent back my sea bass and it came back slightly better but not great and I became violently I'll within 5 min. Would never return.
