4 Lost count of the times I've been here over the last few years, with parties large or small. In my opinion the best of the Edinburgh Howies.    My visit this week was no exception to the standard of service and quality of the menu that I've come to expect. The haggis starter was tasty and the main course of parsnip, pepper & something tart was delicious and filling. Finished off with the renowned banoffi pie and efficiently served throughout this was yet another enjoyable meal in a deservedly popular Edinburgh institution.
4 Love this place.  As I wandered the street of Edinburgh, I came to Grassmarket and discovered this place.  The ambience is very nice.  The service is very attentive.   The waitresses were all nice and took good care of the orders.  It's very female friendly.  there were two group of females having a good time together when I came in.  they had a full bar if you want to come for some drinks.  The food I would say is a little bit fusion.  I had the soup of the day, tomatoes with mint... and it was delicious.  The soup was not made from can tomatoes.  You can even taste the tart and sour flavor of the tomatoes peels.  It will be worth it to order again.  It came in two size : as an appetizer or as an entree.   So do many order dish in the restaurant.  For the main dish, I ordered the hummus wrap with chicken.  This I would say is not as impressive as the soup.  the portion is not huge.  The flavor was not as distinctive as the soup.  However, it does taste good but I wish they put a little bit more hummus so it has a little bit more flavor to it.   They currently have a promotion for a 5 pound entree.  You can check out the website for the coupons.  Overall, I would definitely come back to this restaurant because the food wasn't bad, love the atmosphere (nice in a sunny day - room was fully covered but the sun still shined through).  The price is not over the top like some other restaurants.  Good portion (i've seen someone other the burgers and they were huge!).  Very good service is another added point.    If you are around in the area, you can come and check it out.    enjoy! :)
4 A great, fresh take on Scottish cuisine!  I had a haggis spring roll to start, which was just brilliant, followed by a pork chop entree with a black pudding and chickpea cassoulet.  The wine and the service were very good, and it's an attractive but unpretentious place, with reasonable prices.  Would definitely come here again!
4 Of Edinburgh's four 'branches' of Howie's,  (they dislike being referred to as a chain, as each restaurant attempts to have its own identity and creates its own menu ) this is my favourite to come to for dinner. It has a sense of intimacy and romantic atmosphere that the other 'branches' haven't quite managed to cultivate. The menu is based around Scottish produce (Shetland salmon, Stornoway black pudding) and changes seasonally. They use organic bread from local baker Breadwinner, which is always fresh and delicious, and your first bowl is complimentary which I think is a nice touch. It would be fair to say that I've never had a bad meal here.   The restaurant is located in one of the city's prettiest streets and is perfectly situated for heading out into town after your meal, although I'd recommend that you nip across the road to the Bow Bar for a digestif first.
3 I ate here on my first night in Edinburgh.  It was Sunday night around 8 and the place was packed, perhaps due to Monday being a bank holiday.    The atmosphere was nice and upscale casual.  The service was not-so-great.  The food was just pretty good.  For a starter we got the haggis spring rolls.  I was unimpressed, as were my dining companions.  I would have preferred more than those two little rolls.  The haggis itself wasn't that flavorful, and the chili-jam was sweet but didn't really have much heat.  The mushroom-kidney bean pate was quite nice, however the oat-cakes were mysteriously missing from the plate. The soup of the day was quite nice.    For mains we got the salmon, pork steak, and aubergine pine nut involtini.  For the most part these were just OK.  The salmon was tasty but there was barely any of the red chili creme fraiche.  The pork steak was average, however the shallots with it were delicious.  I enjoyed the involtini.  For dessert we tried the citrus-ginger cheesecake.  I loved the concept of this, as I am a huge ginger fan and a huge cheesecake fan.  It was good but it didn't blow me away.  The presentations on the food were all very nice.  I'd give this 3.5 stars but I'll round down to three for Yelp purposes because I was hoping for a little more.
4 I like Howie's, it's always got a really strong and vibrant atmosphere and even if it's not really busy, the music and the staff make it seem like it is.  I had a lovely and light duck salad to start, it was really tasty. My brothers both had haggis which they  said was brilliant. Haggis tends to get a bad press, most people would see it on a menu and avoid like the plague, but this version would make me order it. For main I had the special of the day, which was GORGEOUS  - venison with cabbage and potatoes in a red currant jus has never tasted so delicious. My brothers wern't too happy with their seabream (the healthy option, what did they expect) but said the banoffee pie was  delicious. The interior is lovely too, the stone walls work well. The waitress was lovely too - she was interested in the food and very helpful!
4 Despite being a chain of restaurants, Howies of Victoria Street seems to keep some of its individuality - possibly from the finest of all four of the restaurants manu's.  It's most certainly Scottish, but not as we know it Jim. Using local produce, Howies have managed to create a simply mouth watering modern and yet somehow traditional menu using Scottish classics such as Salmon and Haggis without becoming some kind of Scottish Medevil Theme Restaurant.  The restaurant itself is cozy and clean, with a brilliant atmosphere that is both buzzing and vibrant, but also intimate and close all at the same tiem.  I havent always been happy with the Howies Chain (sorry! set of four individual restaurants under the same name) but this is the nicest by a long way.
3 Good dinner, very tender lamb. The only problem is that the service was very slow. It took ages from the first dish to the second.
4 What a great little resturant.  I've done dinner and lunch there now and both were excellent.  The wait staff is attentive, and their 2/3 course specials are a good deal.  On the dinner side I had haggis/nips/tattis and a pork steak over mash.  The starter was excellent, with a bacon shave over it.  The pork steak was tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned.  It went well with the green beans in bacon/butter sauce.  On the lunch side I took an all daily special set for £7.95 - spicy tomato soup was fantastic and the beef and venison casserole was delicious.  I'd highly recommend you give it a try...
5 The atmosphere was great and highly suggest for dating dinner or having lunch with friends. I think this restaurant is casual style but if you want to dress up it wont be strange either. We ordered the 2 courses special menu, all of them are exceed our expectation which are so great. The light salad is perfect as starter even if you have no appetite for a big lunch. My friend ordered the creamy fish soup which is so creamy and taste good, but if you are not that found of creamy food,i suggest that you can just go for some lighter choice. The main courses we ordered the chef of the day fish, the fish was perfectly cooked and fresh fish. The price is exceed our expectation again, which was so valuable. We are definitely will go back gain!
5 Howies beautifully presents delicious flavours of Scotland in generous portions served by smiley happy staff at reasonable prices in a warm, minimalistic setting.  I had a trio of salmon to start - locally hot smoked salmon paté, single malt whisky cured salmon gravadlax, seared smoked salmon with a fennel & citrus dressing; main of grilled fillet of locally smoked hake with sautéed new potatoes, chorizo & spinach and dessert of chocolate truffle and Oloroso whiskey torte with summer berry compote.  I don't eat in Scottish restaurants enough and Howies is reason to do so more often!
4 We'd never eaten haggis... but we tried it here. And we ate it. It reminded us a bit of american stuffing. The taste is nothing like you'd expect given how it is prepared and the list of raw ingredients.   In addition, we had an excellent fish special that was well cooked, the mushroom tart starter was excellent, and the salad with fried polenta was delicious. The server was very friendly and helpful, but the fish main course for one (out of 5 people) showed up about 5 minutes after the rest of the food, which was a bit frustrating.   A great place, can be a bit noisy when it gets filled up with people. But overall, it was a wonderful meal, and take a chance and try the haggis.
1 When a restaurant is lucky enough to be in one of the most touristic parts of Edinburgh you can either expect the experience to be average- as they will never see the customers again, or amazing as they have to defend their much sought after location.  Unfortunately, howies belongs to the first category and is simply average. The service was less than personal as we had 3 waiters to our table, our wine order got changed without them telling us and when I complained they said it was because they were out of the one I requested but just figured the merlot would do us fine. No apologies. Our starters were nice, well presented but our main courses were the same size as our starters, not what you expect at £20.00 a dish!   To cap it off the service charge was added to our bill and we had no way of changing it.  Too bad Howies is catering to tourists and hen parties, I am a local and I won't be back.
4 Well established, well tasty, well central and well wouldn't you believe it a bit of an Edinburgh institution. I don't eat at Howie's regularly, but knowing that it's there and ready to tick all the necessary boxes to offer you a memorable dining experience is comfort enough. It helps that Howie's is tucked in at the top of Victoria Street, one of the most attractive areas in the city and within striking distance of several appealing watering holes for a post-prandial pint.  On my most recent visit I dined on partridge, Stornaway black pudding, salmon and other bits and pieces - I forget the details. [This may be seen as a contradiction to my earlier statement about the memorableness of the experience. Ahem.]  The service was fine, the range of menu choices suitable for everyone in my group and the atmosphere one of contented chat from all diners in this welcoming establishment.
4 Went here for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Nice interior and a good varied menu. The special of the day was a lovely venison steak. The staff were  friendly and helpful. Nice central location if you plan on going out afterwards in the Grassmarket/Royal Mile area.
4 Great Scottish food in the heart of Edinburgh.  The service was very friendly, and the food was great. It's a bit expensive, which is to be expected of a restaurant in that area of the city I suppose, but well worth it I'd say.  I went here for Valentine's Day with the girlfriend, and it had a good ambiance: busy, but not too loud.  Stay for dessert, it's worth it.
3 It's not a bad place if you are looking for a Scottish restaurant. We had a surprisingly affordable 2-course lunch menu. The service was a lot slower than I'm used to  (maybe that's a European thing?) but our server was extremely nice and friendly. The food was average except for the banoffee pie.  That was definitely the highlight of our meal. So delicious!
2 I'm all for paying the right price for meals. With promise of locally sourced, gourmet prepared dishes- I was very willing to fork out.   While the food was decent, but a couple of things really threw me for a spin and I felt jibbed by my £35 meal;  - there is a balance between attentive serving, and passive aggressively rushing. Yes, I walked in off the street and obviously a tourist... But I should not have been rushed. Case in point: there was a server standing next to me watching me take my last bite- for all 3 courses! - so they can take the plates away immediately  - £3.95 for two half slices of bread and a pad of butter? Seriously? That better have been Himalayan pink salt on the butter, otherwise I call it a hidden service charge   - the waitress working my table, I suspect, has English as her second language. Well guess what, me too. I guessed it was language/ cultural barrier but in hospitality there is no reason to open the dialogue with "are you ready to order". Really- the very first thing she said to me was that. No hello/ good evening/ how are you  - there was not a lick of green vegetable in both my Cullen Skink, or my lamb roast. Maybe some chopped herb garnishes. Meal was all starch and protein. The end.   - dessert menu was boring. If you've ever spoke to an executive chef with no experience or interest in pastry, they will always put simple faithful a like fruit crumble, panna cotta and cheesecake on a dessert menu. This is what Howie's offered  Well it's not all doomed. Their meat dish and the lamb gravy was divine. Wish there was more gravy though.
4 Nice folks, good wines, good food. The haggis appetizer was delicious!
