1 After feeling raped by overpaying for a Bud Light at another bar located inside the Flamingo, I moseyed on over to the Sin City Brewery that was also located inside the casino.  I figured, hey - if I'm gonna be forced to shell out a bit of cash for my booze, I might as well try the local microbrewery.  I'm not much for stouts, so it was a toss up between the Weisse and the Light.  Having already started on light beer prior, and also not having had dinner yet, I opted for their light beer.  It was five bucks, which is an decent enough price for a microbrew - especially considering the expensive Bud Lights nearby.    Before I had a chance to even sip it, I turned around to take my beer outside, knocking the plastic cup (all class) into a wayward chair.  The cup cracked and my beer spilled all over the floor.  I told the bartender what happened, and he happily gave me a fresh brew.  But then, he handed me his grimy bar rag and asked me if I wouldn't mind wiping up a bit so no one slipped.  Ummm.... no... I guess I DON'T mind.  But I could have sworn I was supposed to be in some sort of luxury type establishment.  You really want to be putting your customers to work because your plastic cups couldn't handle tapping into a chair? It was pretty weak if you ask me.  I guess I could have told him what I though he should do with that rag, but stupid, nice, non confrontational me got to work half-assedly wiping up the spilt beer.    By the time I actually got around to drinking my new beer, I was immediately brought back to happy memories of my early college years.  It took a second for it all to click as to why I was having those flashbacks.  It was the very distinct taste of skank beer.  Ahh yes, good times.  But I can't really say I'm looking for my microbrews to put out a product that reminds me of Milwaukee's Best.
2 I thought the name of the brewing company sounded pretty cool and was curious to try one of their beers.  I had no clue that a little plastic cup of beer would be $6 dollars.  Oh, joy.  The light beer was not the most tasty beer that I have ever had.  Coors Light is way more refreshing and smooth compared to their light beer.  I just kept lying to myself and pretended to appreciate the unique flavor since I had already paid for it.  I ended up only drinking half of it and tossing the rest out which is saying a lot since I am one to never waste beer.
1 Stop number 3 on our "Micro brew Mini Crawl".  This location of Sin City Brewery kindablows.  It is tucked into a corner of the Flamingo Casino, it is small, it is "Sin City" themed all-up-in-your-grill and over-the-top.  And yet there is basically nothing going on in or around the place.  Kindablows.  I had the amber which frankly tasted like a gussied up domestic brew.  Think a slightly improved...Budweiser.  In a plastic cup.  For about 6 bucks.  Kindablows.  The one upside was the seating area outside.  It's not particularly attached to the bar but it is right outside.  It was a cool February evening in Vegas and there was some nice seating around a fire pit where we sat and talked and stayed warm for over an hour.
3 A good place to kick back and relax with a drink in the Flamingo Hotel.  It is located all of the ways in the back near the parking garage and the exit to the ponds and pool.  The bar stools are not all that comfortable but there are some cushy leather chairs nearby and pull up a table from the cafe to make a more homey feeling.  Or go outside to the patio to the tables and a firepit in the evenings.  Overall the drinks are expensive comparatively, but hey, it's Vegas.  The Light and Lager are pretty good.  From the drink menu, Lush is pretty good and not overly sweet fruity (I do not like ultra sweet drinks).  Anger is tough and has a bite.  Made with Red Hot rum, tabasco and pepper flakes, among other ingredients.  Sin City does not add points to your Total Rewards Card but if you have accrued enough for a free beer, then will take the points off.
1 Worst beer I have ever had. It's as if they didn't even try. I'm pretty sure my cat could make better beer than these people. They shouldn't even be allowed to use the word "Brewing" in their name.
1 What a waste of my time and money...they should seriously consider getting someone else to brew their beer, $6 for a loosy beer in a small flimsy plastic glass to walk around with a worry I would collapse it, Save your money folks, there are plenty of good places in Vegas to drink very good to great beer...this isn't one of those places.
4 Octoberfest and the waffeseun(German one)....both were good. $6 a beer is high. 2.5 stars
4 The stout didn't blow me away, nor did the IPA. But here's why Sin City Brewing Company deserves a positive review: Las Vegas is dryer than Utah when it comes to quality beer, and being able to get an IPA on the strip at all is something of an accomplishment. So good for them.
4 Reliable service. Almost always a seat. Nice out door patio with fire pit.
2 It's hard to take this brewery seriously when they have such a limited crappy selection of beers. It reminds me of 1985 when brewers just learned of a thing called an ale.  With all the great restaurants of Las Vegas it's really too bad that they don't take their beers as seriously.  Other than Pour 24 in NYNY, the picking are terribly thin for finding a descent beer.  This little hole in the wall looks like it ought to be next to a shoe shine booth in the airport.  I wouldn't be surprised if they contract brew out of Henderson or something like that.  No food, just 5 beers.  Nothing to write home to ma about.
3 We wanted to try this place because we kept walking by on our way to the valet, so we finally sat down and enjoyed a beer.  We tried the amber which was on tap and it wasn't to bad.    The bar was empty and this was usually the case as we walked by it so many times.  While we were there there was actually another patron and I think that was the most business the place got the whole week we were there.
4 I LIKE MY MEN TAN AND MY BEERS PALE  We passed by this small bar near the exit of the hotel Flamingo countless times as we returned to and from our room. The back side of the hotel near the exit for valet has a small food court with a couple of stores and this little bar. We didn't have any plans to stop, but when you're in Vegas, you're not always planning every stop anyhow. Our curiousity finally got the better of us. Plus, the bartender didn't look very busy, and that's always nice.  The beer itself was pretty good. I like local! Plus, we had walked by so many times, I'm really glad we stopped. The logo on the side of the glasses (and other accessories they sell) is pretty hot too.   We enjoyed ourselves, and our sinfully good beers, then moseyed on.  Three cheers for beer: "hip hip, hooray! hip hip, hooray! hip hip, hooray!"
2 What's wrong with a brewery when you're the only one not drinking a mixed drink? The last thing Sin City promotes is their beer. For a casino brewery, Sin City has a great logo, decent location, video poker at the bar, and fun merchandise.  The beer was ok. Service was ok. The bartender poured our beer and went over to stare into space on the other end of the bar. When we left, he never even turned his head to say 'thanks'.  As a craft beer enthusiast, I would much rather sit directly in the casino where the action is with a better tasting mixed drink throwing $20s into the Glitter Kitty machine.  Where is your passion for beer Sin City?
3 OK let's set the record straight. This location is just an outlet of SCB. It is actually run by CET and the Flamingo, not by actual SCB employees. Though it is the nicest of the outposts, the staff here are not committed to SCB. They are there to pour the beer or drinks and for the tips. So that being said you have to know what to expect going in!! The Beer is average, nothing super spectacular, but they cater to a tourist crowd, so they play it safe, nothing wrong with that. It's decent beer in a place with a cool patio and nice views of the Flamingo Grounds, nothing more, nothing less!
4 Two for one drinks, ah yes please!  Pair that with the fact that we were staying well within walking distance and I was a very happy woman. We stopped here for drinks quite a few times, but the most memorable was when the DJ announced our wedding and a friends Birthday over the PA system, which riled everyone up and sent us quite a bit of congratulatory remarks, and in turn a few drinks. They had a decent bloody Mary and the beers weren't bad either. The service was not fantastic but I rarely go out for drinks in the hopes that i'll have a stimulating conversation with someone other than who I went with or am meeting.  The service was fast, so there was minimal waiting for another beverage.      I would say stop in if you're staying at the Flamingo, although I would advise against that, and grab a beer. Or three!
1 Completely Unsat - Avoid  For the beer lover this place fails in every respect.  The beer simply average but what kills it is they only serve it in plastic cups!  You simply cannot call yourself a brewery and server beer like its a baseball game.
4 Good get away from the crowds bar, at least during the day. Also 2-4-1 drinks from 9a-9p. Beer was selection is on the light side (at least draft.)
2 We went to the Flamingo Sin City "Bar". I got the impression the Sin City Bar was just an attraction. The barmaid was pushing the usual mass brewed swill and seem surprised when I asked for a flight of Sin City. The beer is nothing special but I must admit I do like their logo and merchandise. Oh did I mention they serve their beers in plastic cups? The ultimate sin for any micro brewer!
3 Maybe I'm a bit spoiled with high expectations coming from San Diego with the wide variety of breweries to choose from but I wasn't too impressed with Sin City at the Flamingo.  The beer selection was acceptable for a brewery but the beer was just alright. Nothing to write home about I would say.  It's really great to have more craft beer selections to choose from in Las Vegas but, sad to say, you might be better off grabbing a 22oz of Lagunitas from the convenient store than picking up a pint here at Sin City.
