5 these guys are the best. I followed West over from PetSmart because my dog won't allow anyone else to groom her (and she needs a lot of grooming, being a ShihTzu...) My little Moxie is thrilled to see West, and she's all wiggles (the dog, not the groomer) when we walk in the salon. (Before I found West and John, whenever I took her anywhere else Moxie used to whimper and shake and try to run away. But she LOVES going to Shampooch and Kitty Too. As an added bonus, they also take care of my Maine Coon cat every year.  When the dog comes home even her breath smells good from the toothpaste... and she's happy as a clam (me too!) And speaking of clams, did I tell you they charge much less than the chain groomers, and do a much better job.
4 My Jack Russell, Ace did not mind coming here at all. I was amazed at all the loose fur on the floor that was all HIM! They did a de shedding and I was blown away! The place even does doggy birthday parties! I would rather pay for good quality service, thats why I drive about 15 miles to this place, then have the frills of a so called pet spa. Besides, Ace isnt the spa type! I think there is a free teeth brushing on your first visit.
5 I love Shampooch & Kitty Too but most importantly my two Westies, crazy Daisy and nutty Buddy love West!  She groomed them when she was at PetSmart, but they and I LOVE this new shop!  OK, don't get me wrong, nothing bad to report about PetSmart, but I love John & West's new shop because 1) it's closer to our home 2) they carry lots of really cool pet stuff that you just don't find at the other stores - more "boutique" like items 3) West rocks the Westie cut and 4) you know these two really care about the quality of service they provide!  West has been doing this for over 30 years and John for over 25.  They are worth the trip from your part of town to ours:)  Easy to find, corner of Tatum and Thunderbird.  Check them out!
5 I took my Italian Greyhound in for a nail trim this morning, and the people were wonderful. They did a really good job on his nails, and were very gentle and kind to him. One woman held him while the other trimmed his nails. I used to take him to PetSmart grooming, I was always uncomfortable there, one person would slip a loop around his neck, and I was afraid he would try to jump off the table and hang himself. No worries here, I will only take him to Shampooch & Kitty Too from now on.
5 After trying the chain pets stores and a local groomer to get my chiuaua's nails clipped, I decided to try out Shampooch and Kitty Too. I called ahead of time to ensure availability and they said to come right in. There were four employees working with two other dogs there. Everyone was very friendly and they clipped his nails super quick. With other places I've been I get scared when they clip his dew-claw since in curls inward but here they were so professional and had no difficulty. I'm so excited to have found this place and will definitely be going back. Btw, the charge for the nail clip was $10.
5 Shampooch & Kitty Too is great!  I have a rather finicky cat and they are so good with cutting her nails, super quick and super friendly and super nice and it's only $10!!!!  Run, don't walk, to this great place.
5 My dog is a 1 year and 4 month old shih tzu, named Daisy Suzy.  Unfortunately I do not brush her as often as I should.  She was very matted, and needed more than just a home bath.  I had previously taken her to Petco to get groomed.  Where I  was required to pick one of their packages to choose for her grooming.  I chose to get her what I could find as the most inexpensive package $65, included a paw spa treatment, blueberry facial and her teeth being brushed.  I just really wanted to have her groomed and I liked the idea of her teeth being cleaned, very important.  The other two luxuries were not as important to me but as I said before I had to pick a package.  Finally, after everything was said and done I walked out of the store paying $78.00 because she had severe matting I was charged extra and I also, had to sign a waiver beforehand stating that if they saw fleas or ticks they would have to charge me extra for a mandatory flea or tick dip.  Paying $80.00 for her grooming treatment was really not in my price range and I was desperate to find a grooming salon that didn't just rape you with the rates and all the extra "fees."  I was discussing my horrible experience with my father's girlfriend, she had taken her dog to Shampooch.  She said that for a teeth brushing and a complimentary blueberry facial she only paid $40.00 and she has a larger dog than mine!  I waited til' my Daisy's hair grew back and I called Shampooch to set up an appointment.  Because they are such a small starter business their promotional advertising is nill, I had a little trouble finding their salon.  I had to google search dog groomers at the intersection Tatum & Thunderbird.  I set up an appointment for Daisy at 4:00 on a Saturday, we came in and there was only one other dog being groomed.  The owner's dog (who was adorable) greeted us at the door, she was hanging out in the dog play area,very inviting.  I met with the owner as she looked over Daisy to discuss what was going to take place.  She mentioned no fees for matting, flea or tick, and she said we get $5.00 for being a new client!!  I walked out of their with an adorable pooch who smells great, with little adorable bows in her hair for only $35.00!!!  I was so amazed at this at check out, I explained my past situation to the owner and she agreed with me and said, we've all come from places like Petco.   This place is amazing I hope they stay around for a while, I will most definitely be returning!!! :))
1 After reading such amazing reviews, I decided to bring two of my fur babies here to have them groomed.  I dropped them off and came back later to pick them up when I was told.  The man, who I believe is the owner, reeked of cigarettes or had been smoking inside of the shop!  My dogs were shaking and scared.  He only groomed ONE of my dogs and told me that he couldn't do the other because he was afraid he would bite him.  What?  He has been groomed for years at other establishments and there has never been an issue with either one!  BTW, we are talking about a 4 lb Toy Poodle and a 12 lb Papillon mix.  The owner suggested I bring him back to be groomed by another groomer in his shop that was better with working on difficult animals.  What a waste of time and money!  Needless to say, I wouldn't dare bring my babies back to this place and found a great place that is friendly, does a great job, and my dogs and I are happy when I pick them up!  Highly suggest going somewhere else.
5 I recently adopted my first dog so every decision is pretty important to me (groomer, doggie daycare, vet, etc.)    I found Shampooch through its positive Yelp reviews and am glad I have.  I feel extremely comfortable bringing my pup to Shampooch because I know they will not only give her a great cut, they will treat her awesome as well.  She enjoys going to see them so much that when we leave, she stands by the gate hoping to run back by the super-friendly groomers and stay longer.    This isn't a place I "just accept" going to - my dog and I look forward to the visits and great service we will get.  Highly, highly recommended.
4 I just got home from my dog's first grooming experience here and am impressed. I called yesterday and they got her in today (which was awesome after 6 weeks with grandma and grandpa without a hair brush). They got all of knots out and didn't have to cut her ears at all! They also let me know how good my little girl was and said they would love to have her back. I'm so happy and relieved that we found a new and good place for her to get her puppy haircuts.
5 I have had horrible experiences with groomers and for a long time would only groom my girls at home.  But I have been very happy with Shampooch.  They are always great about squeezing in a nail/face trim, and they do a great job on all of our dogs from a 4lb Yorkie to a 70lb Golden.  I used to use Stonecrest just down the street about a block, and while they also did a great job, it was far more expensive and the results were quite similar, so I'll be a Shampooch customer from now on.
5 We've been taking our dogs here for years. They are always kind and loving with our dogs and they do an excellent job. I can't imagine taking my dogs anywhere else to be groomed.
1 Update: DON'T TAKE YOUR DOG HERE!!!  So livid that I will detail why in a few hours.  I haven't had a drink in 9 mos, just bc I never really drink, but I just poured one today! (It's 3:30pm, too) HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!   I haven't been here yet, but scheduling my first appointment (spoke w Melissa) was such a complete nightmare that I'm seriously worried about taking my dog here. I'm hoping the reviews are trustworthy and the grooming isn't reflected by the complete idiot I just spoke with on the phone. A neighbor recommended the place, and I don't like Petsmart's filthy grooming salon.   I tried to get information about what was included in the haircut and it was like I asked the 4 yr old down the street; there were also dogs barking so loudly in the background that both of us had to repeat everything 3x. Seriously worried!   Will update this rvw after appointment
1 Warning! DO NOT TAKE YOUR DOG HERE! I'm so livid that I will have to update the details in a few hours.
1 Terrible experience at this Butcher shop!  Very poor Customer service.  Took my dogs there for the 2nd time.  The groomers were both is a rush.  They would not even wait for my dogs to come out of their carriers....after 3 seconds the lady told me to "go ahead and pool them out!".  I asked for a trim as I usually do, They did as I had asked on 1 dog, but the 2nd groomer shaved my poor dog down to skin and CUT a piece of his skin off!!!!......  They made sure to charge me FIRST before bringing out the dogs...I did NOT even recognize my poodle and maltese mix.  He had a chuck of skin missing and.  I understand accidents happen, but the was they handled it was very unprofessional and inappropriate!  Not even 1 apology!  The groomer said "it's not as bad as it looks", handed me the dog and walked away.   I had blood on my shirt, the dog was shaking and scared....I wanted to slap the lady...  They did not do anything to keep me as a customer!     Never going back...That's not how you treat customers!
