4 Armando's is the perfect place to go to for a late night meal...  It's fast and it's cheap, and at 2 in the morning it's great to chow down on some nachos, or rolled tacos and guacamole.. Yum!   My only suggestion would be to sweep out all those weird car gangs in the parking lot, who just hang out.... It just doesn't look safe, nor attractive..  I will be back, as its the only place around there with good food that's open late at night..
2 Tasty enchiladas, great salsa and flavorful beans but it ended up being a bit pricey for Mex fast food.  I ordered the 2 enchilada combo plate listed at $5.85, then added a soft drink and the bill ended up costing $9.50.    Looking at the receipt I see they charged $1.00 extra for having chicken - didn't see that listed on the menu and the cashier didn't tell me about it which was a bit of a surprise.
1 I hadn't been here in a while so thought I'd try them again, this time for breakfast at 8:30AM on a Saturday.  Ordered the Mexican breakfast and it was listed as coming with rice & beans on the drive through sign but I never received them.  Have you ever been burned at a drive through, only to find out the dissappointment when you open the bag and are too far down the road to turn around?  Well, this was one of those times of getting burned - in more than one sense.  I received a breakfast burrito that was scorched.   I mean this in the most literal sense, the exterior of the burrito was speckled with black marks the size of a dime.  It was so badly burned that I could smell it even before I opened the wrapping. The smell permeated my car. This is the scent that only occurs when oil has been heated too hot, well above scorching levels.  But the burning affect doesn't stop at the exterior of the tortilla.  Oh no. Inside the eggs had been cooked the same way - scorched from too much heat.   It's obvious Armandos is cooking with their oil way too hot and the food ends up smelly with black specs inside and out.    Funny, the green peppers inside were raw.  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- HEALTH INSPECTION RECORD  Inspected Date Major Violations  Score Purpose Award  1/10/2011                 4                       49        ROUTINE INSPECTION  NO AWARD
5 I love this place but it will burn a hole in your pocket...
1 just go to taco bell because this is the worst food in the world
5 Armandos...our new go-to Mexican joint!!  The Muchacaka burrito and the Huevos Ranchero burrito were simply delicious!  The manager checked with me prior to leaving on a take away order to make sure everything was in order......excellent excellent customer service.  I have read some of the negative reviews on Armando's and I am left scratching my head especially by the 1 star review on 4/1/2011......A very mindless and naive review....if your going to rip someones business then take the time to tell them what needs to be worked on.  The hot sauce is very tasty, very spicy and is fairly vinegary which was a refreshing change.  The flour tortillas are the kind that are a bit translucent from all that great lard used in the making of......
4 Get the "Armandos Breakfast Burrito". This thing is really tasty. Its one of those burritos that is good at any time of the day. The other entrees are just ok. Its really the burritos that keep me coming back.
4 Great breakfast burritos!!! They may not be the fastest but they are delicious!
4 Being in the mood for a breakfast burrito I searched on Yelp for some reviews and found this place. It had a couple mixed reviews but I have to agree with the majority that this place seems pretty good. I can't give an extensive review since I've only had the breakfast burrito so far but I give it a big YUM review.   It's a good size burrito and I do like the tortilla they used too. The salsa is hot enough to add that kick but not over the top...it leaves that nice hot tingle on your lips after eating. My only suggestion is the eggs were a little too done so they sort of had a burnt flavor, however, perhaps that flavor gave it a little extra something... in any case, I'm sure I'll be trying this place again soon.
4 I'm a regular at Armando's given I live north of it and there is little to no taquerias to be found.  It is a very solid taqueria-style experience.  As noted, the location and exterior are a little sketchy, but inside it is much nicer and cleaner than one would expect.  The service is fairly friendly and they are quick enough to have a drive-thru.  As for the food, the focus is on burritos, tacos and tortas.  They also do plates, sides and soups.  I can tell you that for the most part, I have done the burritos.  In fact, I've had one of every kind on the menu (and there are quite a few).  As for the lunch/dinner burritos, my favorites are the chicken and green chile (also the cheapest at about $3.50).  No rice with these, just meat and lots of it.  The green chile, by the way, is a carnitas burrito with some salsa verde.  Again, both are very good.  Additionally, I do like the shrimp and adobada burritos. A little more money, but still tasty.  Lastly, it may not be for everyone, but the cabeza burrito is very good as well.  If I had to say the one that maybe isn't as great as the others, it would be the California burrito.  Just not as tasty as some you might find.  All of the breakfast burritos are pretty good as well.  They do the eggs on the flattop, so they are very cooked.  Some say overcooked or burnt, however, I think they work well.  Surprisingly, my favorite is the A La Mexicana, which is just eggs, peppers, onions, and tomatoes.  No meat in this one.  All are pretty good burritos though.  Definitely worth a try.  As for the rest of the menu, I've had the carne asada tacos, rolled tacos and a couple of the tortas.  The carne asada tacos are not the best I've had.  In fact, I'd say they are just ok.  The rolled tacos are tasty enough.  The tortas are good as well and worth a try as well.  Again, this place is not the absolute best or most authentic taqueria you will find, but it is more than serviceable and quite good at some things.  I have also visited the South Phoenix location on 7th Street and it is and tastes a lot the same.  Give it a try.  Will guarantee you like something and not spend a ton.
4 I eat here often.  Good food at a decent price. Hit or miss though on the quality. I hate it when they burn the taco shell or tortillas and I don't find out until I get home. It doesn't happen all the time, but enough to make me comment. Glad I didn't leave a review the day that happened. I'd give them 5 stars if it never happened again.
4 A no frills Mexican  taqueria with delicious food. I like the fact that they serve breakfast all day.The staff is super friendly and their prices are very reasonable.  I've tried a multitude of their dishes on separate visits, from the breakfast plates and burritos. They also have a  salsa and pico de gallo bar. The menu is very large and has everything you could possibly dream of in terms of Mexican food without making a hole in your wallet.  This morning, I had their egg, bacon and cheese burrito and it was scrumptious.!   Their bathrooms are super clean,which is a plus in my book and last but not least, there is always Mexican music playing which gives the restaurant a nice ambiance and little feeling of being in Mexico!  Supposedly, this location is open 24 hours and also has a drive thru. Highly recommended if you are looking for a quality meal without breaking the bank.
4 Cali burrito is a must have...
5 When I stayed in North Phoenix for two weeks of training class this was the only authentic Mexican food I could find in the area. I was surprised that in Phoenix there would not be more Mexican food choices (I meant good ones) but I went back here several times for lunch. The food is a great value. The atmosphere is one of fast food as you order at the counter and pick it up when your number is called. But really good, anything I tried. And the tons of Mexicans that eat there all the time will back me up I'm sure.
5 Been her 2 times recently since my goto Burrito shop has been horrible. (FREDRICOS- ON CAVECREEK AND 101) Armandos has amazing food and good service, go check it out! Huge burritos for cheap!
4 I've been here several times, have had breakfast burritos, tacos, combo plates, horchatas.  It's always great.  Well seasoned.
4 Excellent breakfast burritos and chorizo platter. Also try the tacos, rolled tacos with cheese and guacamole. I wish the carnitas was actual shredded pork but it is more of a cut up pork chop. No complaints overall although I have had a french fry end up in my burrito once. Would also be nice if they packaged the food separately. If you get a combo that includes enchiladas they put the other item (taco, burrito, etc.) on top of the enchilada. Makes it a bit messy and would prefer the other item be wrapped separately.   Staff is friendly and the food comes out pretty quick.
3 Stopped in here for a quick bite for lunch with a co worker.  I had their daily special of two tostadas which comes with a side of beans and rice. The tostadas were huge! It was nice light meal that filled me up just right. I also tried their pineapple soda since their fountain wasn't working. It was interesting but too sweet for my taste.  Not bad for a fast food place.
4 The Carne Asada Fries here definitely hit the spot when washed down with a little Horchata omnombom
5 Love the Carne Asada Burritos!  We've tried a few other good items, but I always come back to the Carne Asada Burrito.  I do notice that there is some slight variation in the taste, depending on what time of day and who's cooking, but it's very minor.   Very good food!
