4 Food is really good; I especially like their egg foo yung dish.  Decor is nice once you look past the gawdy neon light in the front window.
5 REALLY enjoyed this place. My parents found it in the newspaper a few months back, and have been raving about it. I was in town over Turkey Day, and they brought me. PHENOMENAL food. The Kung Pao beef was unbelievable. I won't even waste my time trying to tell you why, because there are just no words--go order it! The Sun Devil chicken was equally amazing, my mouth is watering as I type. Great / fast service and very modern spin (decor-wise) on a Chinese restaurant. Shanghai Grill only affirms my believe that the BEST of the best restaurants are found in strip malls. I HIGHLY recommend this place!
5 Great Food.  General Tso's and Egg Foo Yong is the best.  I have not had anything I didn't like yet.  We go to this restaurant at least once a month and are never disappointed.  If you like good Asian food try this place.
1 BEWARE! I went here for lunch a few days ago.  Here is what happened.  The service was slow, the waiter was pretty bad.  The food was cold, little flavor, not good. We wanted to leave, I asked for the bill, it was wrong in two sections, I mentioned that to the waiter, he went back and corrected one part.  Still overcharging. But I just wanted to leave.  He took over 10 minutes to just correct the one part.  We wanted a quick lunch, it took over an hour and a half.  When the check finally came, I signed and left.  When I went to my next stop I noticed my credit card was gone.  I immediately knew that the waiter did not return it.  I called the restaurant, they acted innocent and dumb about the whole thing, so I drove over there, over an additional hour round trip.  Although, tony, the manager seemed really helpful and was looking for the card, the waiter looked very guilty.  I told them that if the card did not show up, I was going to call the police.  Sure enough I got a call that night that the card miraculously and mysteriously showed up.  Of course I had already canceled the card and had to call all the companies that direct bill.  Don't go here, you will regret it, and you might just have your credit card stolen as well.
5 The food here is quite impressive.  They serve a variety of Asian style dishes, not just Chinese (given the name).  The atmosphere is nice on the inside and the prices are very reasonable.  I had the Sun Devil Chicken, which was a Vietnamese inspired spicy dish and it was quite tasty.  I can't wait to go back and try out a few more items from the menu.  Give it a shot!
4 Pleasantly surprised with the quality of food here.  I decided to try out this place because it was really close to my new apartment and I had a BOGO coupon.  It seems as if the restaurant was recently remodeled inside.  The decor was new and up to date with style, unlike some Chinese restaurants I have been to.  There was a mixed blend of cultures present, also including the staff.  We got there in time for happy hour, so we ended up getting our beers for fairly cheap!  We started with the Sizzling Rice soup, which was delicious.  The waiter seemed to be a novice when it came to putting the rice in, because he spilled some of it on our table.  Immediately after the management saw, they rushed over to make sure that everything was okay.  Great flavor.  You can easily split this between two people and still have some to take home.  I believe that I tried some sort of spicy chicken dish, and my fiance had the House Special Chicken.  The food came relatively quickly.  It was hot, flavorful, and gave us enough for plenty to take home.    The restaurant was fairly dead when we were in there.  I do not remember what day of the week it was.  Perhaps the majority of customers utilize their take-out option.  I would definitely recommend this place to someone if they are interested in trying a new Chinese restaurant.  I know it can be iffy at times, but this was well worth the risk.  ALSO, be sure to ask for the hot tea.  They will NOT give it to you unless you ask.  It is free of charge.
3 Friendly staff and good lunch specials, but the silence in the place was deafening! Please turn on some music!!  Also, it was not clear what items were fried or not in the descriptions of the dishes so make sure to ask.
5 I had honey garlic chicken. Good flavor and inexpensive.
2 Our first time here, after driving half an hour to try the place out. A mish mash of Asian dishes, some of which are hit and miss. We had the lettuce wraps appetizer, teriyaki chicken and Korean sizzling short ribs. The taste and sauces on all three were pretty good. The chicken was tender. But there was too little meat in the filling for the wraps - it was mostly just water chestnut. The ribs were not sizzling but lukewarm and were also the toughest I've ever had. Could not even eat half of the dish. The Chef or manager (he didn't introduce himself) made a lot of excuses when he came over to address the problem, like 'people' around here want their meat well done. Well done and overcooked are two different things. Service was below par, with only one waiter trying to keep up with dine in and take out customers. Won't be coming back here again.
4 I've only ordered take out, so vie never experienced a sit down meal in this place. So just reviewing off purly food. I really really like this place. And I'm born in new york, so ive tasted really good Chinese food before.  This place is decently priced and overall great tasting food.  Plus is literally down the street from my apt.  Always a plus.
3 You must understand I'm comparing this restaurant to Good China - just a half block away.  So.... Atmosphere...very nice Wait Staff...excellent luncheon special...great choice egg rolls....ahhhh, not as good by far chicken chow mein and kung pau chicken...good, but not as flavorful fried rice...not nearly as flavorful  So........back to Good China for sure
5 I love this place. The staff is always friendly and the food is excellent! The ambiance is warm and inviting and I love the piano music.
4 This is resturant was such a great find when I was living near Arrowhead.  My children love their food.  The service is fast and the servers are always friendly.  They have amazing crab puffs and my faving is Sun Devil Chicken.  Yummy!  You won't go home hungry.  I have always eat my left overs for lunch the next day!!
4 I've been here several times since I think this is one of the better Chinese restaurants in the valley.  From their egg rolls to their main courses the food is always very tasty and service is always pretty good.  I always order the shrimp fried rice, egg role and the mangolian beef.  The restaurant is very nice and the decor is friendly, inviting and can be a great intimate setting.
3 Food: Very good chinese-american cuisine, plus a couple Vietnamese and thai dishes. The sauces tasted "made from scratch", not from a can. The vegetables were plentiful and fresh.  The prices amazing for the quality. Service mediocre: There were more wait-staff strutting around then customers but they still took forever to take our order.
5 I was quite surprised!  Excellent service, excellent food.  I will be back.
4 My Husband and I went on a food hunt, We usually do the "what are you in the mood for, I don't know what are you in the mood for" dance, Well tonight we both wanted Chinese but wanted to try some where new. We have passed this place several times and decided to give them a try.  They were extremely polite, they were tastefully decorated, not like your usual out of style, hole in the wall, things tucked in corners under age kids camped in the corner while their mother worked Chinese place.  Prices were reasonable and the portions were plentiful. I had the Cantonese style chow mein, it was very good Spring rolls were cooked perfectly! My husband had the Pad Thai, He prefers his on the spicier side, theirs was more on the sweet side, not bad but not really what he was looking for.  We have both decided that they are definitely a new favorite and with in walking distance from our house, we will probably become regulars.
4 The food is really tasty and you get a lot for the money.  The only downside is that the waitstaff gets extremely overwhelmed when busy ( and it is not that busy) I would come back though..
1 Ordered their house lo mein, the noodle was very soggy. Flavor was so-so, nothing special about it. Also ordered an order of the potstickers, it was very doughy. The soy sauce for dipping was good though. Overall not impressed.
5 I ordered take out, but was instantly impressed with the decor of this place. No 1970's warehouse here! The manager was very nice, explaining why my food was taking a little longer than anticipated. I noticed a bar off to one side where a few people were eating and drinking. Mostly booths, but a handful of tables in the middle. The wait staff didn't seem overworked or especially busy.  But let's move on to the food. Now I have had one meal from the china palace and found it disappointing because the food was so tasteless, under seasoned. But shanghai grill is a different story. Mongolian beef, beef chop suey, and chicken fried rice, all wonderful. The egg rolls were not greasy, and they must use a peanut or sesame oil to fry them in, because they were delicious. Definitely a great carry out, and probably dine in too!! Can't wait to try some of their other dishes.
5 Best orange chicken I've ever had, and the pork lo mein was fantastic! I ordered for take-out, but the staff was friendly and prompt. I'll be back for sure.
1 I've been going to this place since it opened but today when we took our friend for lunch we had an experience that was not to be believed.  We ordered soda, club soda and cola.  All three drinks were flat.  We called the waitress over and told her and asked for new drinks, she obliged and brought then a second drink which was also flat.  She got the manager/owner, he came over and said there was nothing wrong with the carbonation machine, the glasses were too clean to hold the carbonation.  I asked if everyone else in the country was serving club soda in dirty glasses and he said no, not dirty, moderately dirty and he would do a demonstration and show us we didn't know what we were talking about.  I have ordered club soda in restaurants for 40 years and have yet to be served a flat one.  Except here.  There food is hit and miss most of the time but it's close to home.  We got up and left and went to a restaurant with "moderately dirty" glasses.  They have lost my business as well as my family and friends.
4 We took our order to go.. We got some egg rolls, an order of orange chicken and kung pao chicken. It was all pretty good. We have had better but this is defiantly a place I would go back to.
4 My kids LOVE this place. Clean, friendly and amazing , fresh food.
3 The food was good the price was better! This would be a 5 star if Alex the server was not one of the worst I have ever had!
5 This place was right down the street from my old apartment so my roommate and I used to go twice a week for a sake bomb and food. I have had pretty much everything there. All of the food is great, nothing i didn't like. the service is also great, never have to wait for anything. The ambiance has a classy but at home feeling. the people that work there give you the feeling of at home but he furnishings, music, and lighting are classy. The place is very clean and I will say this, THAT PLACE HAS THE CLEANEST, COOLEST AND NICEST BATHROOMS.
4 I've been here a few times and I do like the food. The food doesn't taste like it's been drenched in salt. The mai tais are awesome. But they can't seem to make a gin and tonic. Vodka was used instead of Gin. Two different alcohols. The Pu Pu platter is my favorite appetizer. And my favorite is the Mongolian beef. And they serve a chicken dish, which I forgot the name, which is so good. Service has been okay and the prices are okay. I just wish they delivered.
4 This is the perfect lesson of not judging a book by its cover.  It's at the end of a ghost-town strip mall & I honestly thought this would be a typical divey Chinese restaurant.  WRONG! We walked in & were totally surprised by how "restaurant-y" (that's not a word, I know) it was! They had fountains & beautiful booths, the decor wasn't crazy cheesy either. We were seated right away by our friendly server.    I ordered the almond chicken with steamed rice & hubby ordered sweet & sour chicken with fried rice.  She dropped off 2 bowls of egg drop soup which was actually very tasty.  Our food came next & we were really happy with it. Perfect amount for lunch, it came with 2 won-tons, an egg roll & the rice.  Our dishes were pretty basic so it's kind of hard to mess them up but we will be back here again.  They were really flavorful & didn't taste like it was loaded with salt like some Chinese places do. The lunch prices were great too (around $6 per person I think).
5 Love this place.... Tried many other places and always come back here. Food is great, prices are reasonable and no issue with service.
5 Had lunch on 6/20/2014. Both my wife and I were most impressed with quality and price. House chicken was good. Soups were excellent. We must go back for dinner.  RVT
