5 I have a 17month old taking this swimming class. She is having major stranger anxiety and screams for the entire 10 min of the lesson. The only saving grace really is the teacher, Becky. She is excellent with her. She is experienced and calming yet productive.   The class is short in duration, but appropriatly structured. It goes every day of the week for 5-7 weeks.  We are lucky to have class 5 min from the house!   The other parents I have talked to are very pleased with their lessons and say that it will get better for my 17month old!
5 We have gone to Angelee in Queen Creek for the past 5 years and we just love her. There is nothing bette than seeing your one year old being able to float for endless periods. It is hard to watch as a parent to see your kid struggling in the water the first few weeks, but SO REWARDING to see them so proficient in the water the last few weeks. As a parent, you have to do things that are good for your kids, even if it is out of your comfort zone. I actually watched my daughter fall in the pool and immediately flip over and float until I could grab her (I was close by and saw the whole thing). She has taught my son and daughter. My daughter is now 5 and doesn't need lessons and she is a little fish in the water. My son will start refresher lessons in a few weeks (he is 2).   Bottom line, don't waste your money on other swim lessons. ISR WORKS and it saves lives. There is some negative feedback about it out there and inaccurate information. Make sure you ask you teacher for the facts.
5 Tracy with Arcadia ISR came highly recommended to me by several moms at the gym... I was debating putting my son in regular swim lessons, but ended up going this route and never looked back.   When I researched the ISR method, I learned that drowning is the number one cause of accidental death for children under the age of four in Arizona.  And while I know there is no substitute for constant supervision, ISR Self-Rescue lessons provide an extra layer of protection.    My son loves the water... whenever he sees it, he wants to go in.  It's beyond scary to think about if he somehow were to fall into a pool and an adult wasn't around to save him.  If you really want the chills and reassurance that ISR works, check out the testimonial page here: http://www.arcadiaisr.com/testimonials.html  The testimonials do not lie.  Tracy is fabulous.  While it's an investment of both time and money, it's so worth it.  Just a few weeks in and my 22 month old son can float and swim to the side of the pool - it's pretty amazing!   When Yelp allows us to post videos, I'll do so here...  In the meantime, if you are looking at swim lessons / survival class for a child 6 months to 6 years old, I highly recommend ISR!
5 My son is fearless and has always had a love for water. I started him in regular swim lessons at just 6 months old at my gym. I wasn't happy with the teaching that he received there so I moved him to a swim school. Again I didn't feel like they were teaching him to survive, and as a parent that was what I was most concerned with. We tried 3 different swim programs by the time he was 2.  A friend of mine sent me the link for ISR. The second I saw the Miles Video I knew this was the training I had spent 2 years looking for.   I am so thankful for the training that ISR and Tracy Herbst have given to my children. I can honestly say that it saved my son's life and without it I would be in mourning. It was a beautiful spring day and our family got together for a cook out at my in-laws house. All of us were in the pool having a great time. When it was time to eat, I got my kids out of the pool, changed them into dry clothes and shoes and fed them dinner.  After eating, my son who was almost 3 at the time wanted to go play on the playground with his 6 year old cousin.  Unfortunately, to get to the playground the kids have to walk around the pool. I was standing about 10 yards from the pool and I watched both the boys walk out to the playground.  I turned around to grab my dinner when I heard my father in law say "Courtney, Tyler is in the pool."  30 seconds hadn't even gone by from the time I watched them go around the corner till now. I looked at the pool and saw little ripples in the water, and then I saw Tyler.  I didn't hear a splash or anything. There he was fully clothed in a pull-up with shoes on, floating in the middle of the pool with a HUGE smile on his face.  I honestly, didn't know if I should smile or cry. I was so proud of him for floating, but so angry he had jumped in without an adult, but most of all so very thankful that he was ok. My kids love Ms. Tracy. It's been almost 8 months since their last lesson and they still ask me to go swimming at Ms. Tracy's house. Tracy started training my daughter when she was 8 months old and my son when he was 2. Friends and family who have seen my children swim and float are amazed at their abilities at such a young age. I tell Tracy all the time, she taught my children to survive in water and has saved their lives.  Tyler proved it to be true that day.
