1 Let me just say YUCK. Papago's Café is located in the Papago Buttes Corporate Plaza, which is the building in which I work. I go because it is convenient. The food is overpriced and under-whelming. When you consider a breakfast burrito is about $6 and I can walk across to Filberto's for half of that price, it isn't a good option. But often I don't bring my lunch and I am lazy.   Aside from being overpriced, the food quality is sub par. They do some things well like the pasta station and I do like the overpriced breakfast burritos. If you go and order anything, make sure it is grilled so that it will kill any creepy-crawlies that might otherwise be present. Pre-packaged is also a good choice. For God's sake don't try the salad bar. There have been cockroaches present in the salad bar as well as the ice machine. Don't take my word for it, you can see on the August 23 edition of Dirty Dining that the café has had multiple health inspection violations (http://www.kpho.com/news/13966840/detail.html). I think my favorite comments were one visit where the inspectors discovered cockroaches in the mop room (http://www2.ahwatukee.com/page/restaurant_inspections/report/100470). The next visit it indicated the mop room had holes in the wall big enough to let a small cat through (http://www2.ahwatukee.com/page/restaurant_inspections/report/100468). Well naturally...how else can you get rid of the cockroaches? And maybe it's just me, but the word "infestation" is never a good inclusion in a health inspection report. "Mice droppings" usually are a bad sign as well (http://www2.ahwatukee.com/page/restaurant_inspections/report/100466).  Be afraid...be very afraid...
1 I have given this establishment a nickname after eating here.  The "papago's crapfe grill and barf emporium."  Your one stop shopping for a wide array or tasteless overpriced crap that is pushed off as "food."  Eating the food here is similar to most experiences I have had at the DMV.  The selection is terrible, I can generally find more food to eat at a Toys R us than I can find here.  I wish this place served alcohol so I could get drunk enough to be able to choke down this prison grade crap.  The only satisfaction I get when I have eaten here is trying to throw away some of their very limited condiments or a food tray.  The people working here have the personality of robots (like one in an auto manufacturing plant, not the cool funny one Johnny Five from the movie "Short Circuit")  If your stuck working in the building it is located in, you are limited for options around there.  I would suggest going out to your car and eating the upholstery on your seat.  It will be a much more rewarding experience for you.  DO NOT eat at the salad bar.  Unless you have 2-3 hours later in the day to spend in the can.  Make sure to bring a snowcone to wipe your ass with afterwards.  You think I am kidding?  I dare you to tempt fate if you think I am fabricating this fact.  The daily specials they have are also a good indicator of what is about to spoil the next day.  To sum up my eating experiences at the papago's cafe grill & deli is much like having the UPS man deliver a long awaited package of disappointment.    Plus the prices suck ass beyond belief.
3 I do wish that Yelp had a partial star rating ability like Flixster movies has - because I must hand it to Papago Café, it has stepped up - but is it 3 stars A-OK? Probably not, but it isn't a 2: I've experienced better. Based on my experiences the past 2-3 months, I have to error on the higher side because it has demonstrated the ability to improve. The cleanliness issues in my early review have not been seen lately and the food has changed.  The lunch selections are a salad bar, a grill special, a regular special and a deli special - plus a descent sized menu of other items to choose from. The chicken strips are very large, although some friends have said the prior recipe was better. These are still good. Occasionally they have items that you can have custom made there - such as the pasta station, the Chipotle style burrito and the nachos. Those are all descent choices. Recently I had a pulled pork sandwich that was among the best that I have had anywhere. Today I had a rib eye steak sandwich that was surprisingly good. On multiple occasions I have returned with lunch from the café and people around me have said that looks/smells good. Where'd you get it? Upon revealing Papago's, they have been surprised. The breakfast burrito is still a classic there and now the soft serve ice cream is a good choice, but my absolute favorite is Thursday's Fire Roasted Chili. I am still amazed to have to type this, but if you want some chili, you have to get there early because it goes fast. I was scraping the bottom of the pot at noon last week. Shockingly yesterday I went to order the 2 chili dog special only to discover it was sold out. Say what?  One thing that people talk about is the high price, but really the portions are large. Sometimes too large - but I heard a rumor there are half sizes available. A friend said it was an option with nachos. I will attempt to order a smaller size in the future.   I don't know what's gotten into Papago's Café lately, but it is good and it is vastly improved!
