4 Back home in NYC I've been on a crusade to eat my way through all the Thai restaurants in an area neighboring my apartment which is absolutely flooded with them, so in the middle of my week-long vacation in Edinburgh, I had a craving for something comfortable and familiar. I asked around, specifying that I wanted something authentic and unique and spicy and quaint, and time after time Thai Orchid came very highly recommended -- so of course I had to give it a couple visits.  Seafood is featured prominently on the menu, so on my first visit that's pretty much what my friend and I stuck to. We started with the butterflied prawns stuffed with seafood and pork that comes in an egg-wrapping. Then we had the rice-paper wrapped prawns stuffed with seafood. Then we had the deep-fried haddock with peanut sauce. For entrees I'd never seen this offered anywhere else, so I just had to have it: Larb with ground duck! Then we had the mixed seafood "Yum" salad. Then we got the mixed seafood in a red curry and coconut soup with bits of egg yolk... Everything was really good. My friend doesn't like spicy food so I was forced to eat things rather "mellow" but the ingredients all stood out prominently, we both really enjoyed ourselves.... We really bonded over the course of the evening, we tried to the best of our abilities to keep our googly-eyed butterflies-in-the-stomach pining cuddling canoodling respectfully under-wraps, though there might have been a few instances of publicly-displayed affection, thankfully we had some amazing food to distract us and inspire us... I would definitely describe this as a great place for a date, if you and the other person are even ever-so-slightly adventurous.  For my second visit, I wanted to be a little more adventurous than last time. With a different friend (who, unfortunately, also doesn't like spicy food, damn it) we split the poached Monkfish with coconut milk and crispy onions. Then we had the fried Monkfish in a tumeric and tamarind and ginger sauce. Then we had the red curry Roasted Duck with tomatoes and grapes and lychees. Then we had Sliced Duck that comes with a salad of mango and red peppers and garlic and basil and chili peppers... This meal was incredible, super high-quality ingredients, beautiful presentation...  The service is all very friendly -- our waitress was beautiful, and the traditional outfits they wear is very attractive it doesn't look at all look like or feel like a gimmicky uniform... They offer a nice selection of red wine and white wine boy the bottle or by the glass... The atmosphere is relaxed... The decor is modern and chic but not at all overwhelming or inappropriate.  I could easily see this as my favorite Thai restaurant if it were a little more local to me, but instead I'll just hope to come back sometime soon... At the conclusion of my second meal here (which was also my last meal while in town), walking back to pack my luggage, digesting and downloading and decompressing, I came to a realization: all my meals in Scotland were excellent, it was incredibly surprising to me, I never ate this well in London, not even close -- I seriously cannot wait to return.
5 The Thai Orchid is the best Thai restaurant in Edinburgh and don't let anyone try to persuade you otherwise! I have been coming here for years and the food has always been consistently good.  The restaurant sits on Johnston Terrace just beneath Edinburgh Castle, so it's perfectly located for tourists who've been trawling the tartan tat shops on the Royal Mile. It is not a large restaurant, but they have put mirrors round the walls to create an illusion of space. The decor feels modern and Eastern, there is a large Buddha to greet you at the door, and the staff dress in traditional clothes which all adds to the authenticity of the place. The food is fresh and flavoursome and they never use MSG. I judge a good Thai on the quality of the Som Tum (papaya salad) and they know how to make a good one here - it's fresh, crunchy and with just enough of a chilli kick to pack a punch. My only complaint is that they don't do home delivery!
1 This place doesn't even deserve a star, but that's the minimum I can use to post a comment.  My cousin, husband and I came here to eat dinner one night because it was close to the hostel, and we love Thai food.  We walked in and asked for a table for 3.  The maitre'd or server just said, "No table for 3"...and just stood there staring at us.  There were 2 unoccupied tables nearby so I said, "There's a table right there."  And she repeated, "No table for 3."  She obviously have not had any training in customer service because the least she could do was offer us seats at the bar, or tell us how long the wait will be.  Instead, she just stood there and stared at us like an idiot.  So I took the initiative and asked how long the wait is.  She said, "I don't know, 50 minutes?"  We walked out because I didn't feel like playing 20 Questions with an incompetent idiot.
3 I came here a while ago, actually, I was taken out here,by  the parents of a friend. We all love Thai and were excited to try this place out.   The matre'd was a bit confused about the name we were reserved under- a minor glitch- and soon the five of us were seated for our meal. It was really crowded and loud (I think some rugby match was on) but they managed to remain efficient and we hardly waited for our food.   So to cut to the chase the food was actually quite good- at least my Gai Yang dish was. I am not a huge fan of too hot foods and the menu is helpful by showing the dishes that will make you tear up or what not.   We were a bit rushed through the meal though, they were obviously hoping for a quick turnover. Next time I hope they realise people want to enjoy a meal if they are going to pay restaurant prices for it, rather than being rushed through it then out in the cold again.
4 I wondered around this part of town thinking I was going to have my kilt pulled down and I would be well and truly bug.....fleeced by some tourist trap of a restaurant and then I came across this place. A lovely lovely lovely place to eat traditional Scottish Thai Food.   All joking aside the food was scrummy (that means good to those of you who do not live in my world or use my lexicon). Scrummy I tell you!!!! The the green prawn curry - yum!!!! the red chicken curry - yummy!!! the pad thai - yummyerer!!!!   I confess I ate here on two occasions within a 24 hour period. It may have had something to do with the number of beers(gin and whisky) I have....I am not fessing up to anything.   The staff were nice and attentive. The place was clean and I will go again. Save yourself the anguish and do not look too far for somewhere decent to eat.
4 If you are in the mood for a good Thai meal, look no further than the Thai Orchid. Situated just around the corner from the Royal Mile, the Thai Orchid is right behind Edinburgh Castle and so it is an ideal place for tourists to stop off for a meal.   The inside of the restaurant is really modern, contemporary and spacious with plenty of tables and chairs and so it would be a great place to bring a large party. I came here for the first time several weeks ago and I had the most beautiful meal, and I can't wait to go back. Thai Orchid's menu offers a vast choice of authentic Thai dishes. I had the tempura prawns for a starter with a chili sauce which really amazing - it wasn't too heavy for a starter and the prawns were perfectly cooked. i then had the Thai prawn salad for my main course which was scrummy! The prawns were really tasty and was mixed with lots of Thai herbs and spices giving it lots of flavour. Each dish on the menu has a warning next to it showing how spicy it is which is very welcome as it means you won't get your head blown off with an unexpected chili and ruin your meal.   The prices at Thai Orchid are really reasonable, with most starters priced at about £5 and the majority of the main courses costing less than £10. This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.
4 Amazing discovery of great Thai food at Thai Orchid in the old town of Edinburgh. Finally a Thai place that executes "spicy" to the original meaning of the term. Great food at great prices. Friendly waitstaff. Cheaply executed modern interior, but it works.
5 I say this is the best Southeast Asian restaurant in Edinburgh and possibly UK.  The location is a "can't miss" being so close to the castle.  The decor is simple, spacious (might be something to do with the mirrors), clean and feels more modern than other Asian restaurants.  Service is above average.  On to the good part... I had the Good Pow prawns for starter.  The sweet ginger, salty prawn and spicy chili sauce combination was a great delight.  The prawns are not big, so don't rush to share them with your companions.  For main course, I had the GAI PAD MAMUANG HEEMAPAN (a.k.a #26).  I was simply looking for something mild and didn't have much to expect.  It turned out perfect!  First, every ingredient tasted fresh: the vegetables were spring and the chickens were not.  Again, excellent balance of sweet, salty and spicy flavors.  My bill was higher than average Asian restaurants: 20 pounds including tip, without desert.  But the top quality meal makes this place worth indulging.
5 Food and service were excellent. Right off the Royal Mile near Edinburgh Castle. Tried sea bass for the first time at a Thai restaurant and thoroughly enjoyed. Not many tables so reserve ahead as the restaurant was completely full midweek.
5 I've found thai food in edinburgh can be a bit hit and miss.  Mostly it's very average and not something I can get terribly enthusiastic about.  However, I was recommended this restaurant by a thai friend and, being the greedy beggar that I am I ordered the banquet.  It was fantastic, really good/ varied and plenty of it.    Decor and service are well above average too - it certainly beats another Edinburgh thai restaurant which, on my only visit, took over an hour and a half to get our main course to us by which time we were curtly told by the waitress that we were "too late for dessert all kitchen staff go home"  Prices slightly above the average but quality well above the average
4 A restaurant with a very switched on owner with a great customer attitude.  I started with TODD MUN KAO PODE, deep fried sweet corn cakes. Normally served with a sweet and sour peanut dip, which they amended to a chilli dip for me. They were lovely and light and not at all greasy.  My friend Fraser had the PEEK GAI TODD, Spicy Thai style chicken wings which he enjoyed. For mains, I had KOW PAD KIEW WAN GAI, fried rice with chicken, vegetables and green curry. This was spicy without being too hot. Fraser went for MOO PAD KING, pork stir fried with ginger and mixed vegetables. Apart from the onions that he doesn't like unless well done, it was wolfed down.  For afters, we had a pot of Green Tea. We could have had coffee or Ice Cream.  The portion sizes were lovely for lunch.  I thoroughly enjoyed the meal, and look forward to going back one evening and try the full menu.  The bill for the 2 of us was £15.90 as we had no extra drinks. The restaurant is on twitter (@ThaiOrchid_) and on Facebook. After viewing their menu online, I used twitter to discuss alternatives as I have a mild peanut allergy. They responded very quickly, which resulted in me booking a table.  I am glad I did.
4 I've not quite finished littering my reviews with references to my recent two week holiday to Thailand, so forgive this continued indulgence for a while longer. But it is not without relevance!  Since returning from Thailand (have I said it enough? Thailand. There.) I have been missing the food more than I have missed most foods before. I have since made it my mission to find the closest thing to food served fresh on the shores of Karon beach. I know the word "authentic" gets banded around a lot. But what I mean is food that tastes of my holiday there, and is as close to the real deal as you can get.  Thai Orchid holds the accolade of one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh and is one that, when mentioned, most people often say "ooo I've heard it's really good!" It is.  A quick break-down here, before we get to the food:  The ambience is really lovely, the decoration warm, inviting, and quite subdued and calm. It has a very swish feel about it and would be perfect for date night, a special meal (graduation, birthdays) or just a mid-week treat like I did. I didn't feel uncomfortable dressed in jeans and the like, but it wouldn't hurt to put on a nice frock either.  The staff are simply delightful. They are Thai, and one thing I remember most of Thailand is how genuinely friendly, welcoming and relaxed the people were. It's not rushed, they ask how the meal is at every stage without being obtrusive and are genuinely pleased when you say "delicious, thank you!" They aren't just 'doing the rounds' of checking.  The menu itself is quite varied, extensive but without being so vast you dont know where to start. It worries me when menus are *too* big - how can you cook all those different things to exactly the same standard? There were some things on the menu I didn't recognise from my travels that I really want to go back and try. Especially some of the starters. Prawns stuff with a mix of minced pork and prawn meat? Mmm.  So, to the meal. I stopped in here on a Friday evening for a quick meal 6.30pm, and we knew they needed the table back by 8 (but that wasn't a problem as we had a movie to catch). Despite knowing they needed the table, we again never once felt rushed.  We shared the starter of GAI HAW BAI THOY, chicken marinated in Thai whisky, wrapped in leaves. It was a moderate portion, we got it to share although it wasn't overly large. I think this is simply a distinction between western ideas of food and eastern. And if anything, the eastern portions are far more accurate. I mean, a starter is just to start right? Four small parcels of chicken wrapped in the leaf, witha delicious sesame seed dipping sauce. You could really taste the marinade on the chicken, it was deliciously grilled too. Perfect.  I had a craving for duck, so when I saw the PEDT ORCHID of duck stirfried with mango, chillies, thai basil and red peppers it was a winner. The mains don't come with rice or noodles, but one portion of rice is ample for sharing. My friend had the King Pad with prawns, and it came loaded with vegetables and very juicy prawns.  I would have to say that, and this is again only in comparison to what I have tried on Phuket, the duck dish was deliciously flavoured but I was a bit disappointed in the meat. I had imagined it would be duck breast, sliced. Instead it was thin strips of duck. Lots of them, but the meat was a little dry and less tender and 'ducky' than I would have liked. The dish itself was nice, but considering the ambience and fine-dining style of the place, an actual sliced duck breast would have pushed this to 5 stars. Perhaps I ordered the wrong dish, and maybe the red curry comes with the breast? Not to worry, you live you learn.  I would say out of the two, my friends Pad King was my prefered. Much lower in spice, unusual for my tastes, but it had lots of vegetables and was very fresh.  There really were so many options on the menu I simply need to go back and try more. The desserts sound delicious too.  So of all the Thai places I have tried in Edinburgh since returned from Phuket, Thai Orchid hits the mark pretty well. You can't deny it is run by Thai people, with Thai chefs in the kitchen, and they are catering to a casual fine dining standard. It was a really lovely meal out, and I can't wait to go back.  *NOTE ON LOCATION* Yes, it says its on Johnstone Terrace, but ignore any online maps which will lead you round the back of the castle. You need to be on the Royal Mile, near the top, then cut off onto the side street. Not round the back of the Castle, where the wind is at its highest, on a freezing cold December's evening as I was. In fact, kudos to the staff for not being more shocked at my appearance after being ravaged by the Edinburgh winter winds.
4 Enjoyed a Lovely meal here with friends. Can recommend the pad thai, it was fab.
5 Very lovely restaurant and wonderful heartfelt service. If I lived in Edinburgh I would eat here twice a month if not more. The food was great. No MSG and the manager will suit your needs in adjusting dishes if you have special dietary restrictions. The waitress was very warm and affectionate too, wearing a traditional dress. The coconut ice cream was especially delicious having roasted coconut flakes mixed in and on top, giving a unique flavor in comparison to other coconut ice creams I have eaten. Food was perfectly cooked and flavored. And the bathroom was very clean which is not that common among Asian restaurants in the Americas. This restaurant is set within the old part of the city which is enjoyable to see too. I highly recommend it, just don't ask anyone who works there to take your photo because we did not get any good pics when doing so on my birthday. Cheers!
5 I came here for my boyfriend's birthday meal with his mother and aunt.  They had all been here before and had great reviews so I was very eager and excited to try some tasty thai!   The location of the restaurant is nicked away behind the castle. Apparently they were previously located at a much smaller location near the Usher Hall.  I immediately felt welcomed when I had entered and the smell of the food was very enticing.   The food was delicious! I particularly enjoyed the coconut rice.  Our waitress was very friendly and indeed funny - she made some very clever jokes!   Tip: When heading to the bathroom make sure to look out the window - excellent view of the city!
5 An amazing restaurant !! The staff, food and service were faultless. The manager was really kind and managed to squeeze my family and I in on a busy Friday night as we hadn't booked, too. Go here if you want a great Thai meal, but I would advise booking!
5 Nettes Restaurant direkt neben der Burg. Leckeres Essen, zuvorkommende Bedienung. Günstiges Mittags- Business-Lunch. Würde wieder hingehen.
2 My previous review, 2 years ago, showed I was quite impressed with the food here. And that's how I remember it. Which is why I came back. But oh, what a mistake.  The restaurant was lit really brightly, and so felt totally different to teh softly lit, intimate restaurant I remember previously. The main waitress (possibly the manager) wasn't the most welcoming to us, and seemed a bit abrupt - but the other waitresses were lovely.  The food we ordered started off just ok (not as good as I remembered) and ended in a coriander-drenched disaster. Butterflied prawns to start with chilli dipping sauce. I like spice I do. But this was the spiciest sauce I've ever had. Given the waitresses weird attitude towards us, I'm not sure if they purposely gave us super, extra, burn your lips chilli dipping sauce. But this wasn't even mildly spicy and sweet - it was pure chilli seeds.  The mains came. First the tube that contained the sticky rice. Take off the top of the material tube, and you'll find a plastic bag containing rice. Rice that wasn't sticky. Oh no. Rice so stuck together it was practically welded, and so hard and dry. It didn't absorb or mix any of the sauce, and wouldnt even break apart when trying to distribute it from the tube. Instead it came out in one, giant tube-shapepd lumped that we had to cut with a knife to seperate.  The mains. Mine was the duck with  mango, red pepper and chilli. The duck looked lik e beef, and tasted very 'meh' as far as duck goes. The sauce had two bruised bits of mango in it. The sauce was again insanely spicy.  The beef dish my dining partner ordered was supposed to be beef with some sort of sauce. No mention of coriander anywhere. What came out was beef drenched, dripping and slathered in coriander leaves. My dining partner doesn't like coriander, at all. He just hates the taste. Luckily, I don't, so we swapped.  I ate half of it and gave up. I like coriander, but all I could taste was coriander. Every bit of beef had hardly cooked or wilted, fresh coriander surrounding it. It was too much. It was just.... bad. I rarely find that in a meal, but it was just very bad.  We paid and left quickly. £50 for a very disappointing starter, two mains, welded-sticky-rice and two glasses of wine. In a very uninviting environment, with the lights turned up bright.  I can't believe the delightful meals I've enjoyed here previously have changed to this. I rarely rant, but this was the worst dining experience in Edinburgh I've had in a long time. Expectation and experience certainly did not meet on this occasion.
4 This place was excellent and had some Thai dishes I was not familiar with. Ducked in after a visit to the castle.   To start we had the chicken marinated in Thai whisky, soy sauce and sesame oil wrapped in a pandan leaf..umm YUMMM.  For my main I had the red curry with duck that had grapes, tomatoes, and lychees in it. I only found 1 lychee. :( The curry itself was delicious. Perfectly spiced and well seasoned but for the price I felt the portion was quite small, especially since you had to also buy the rice. It was a unique dish though, and I haven't seen it on the menu at any other Thai menu so I gave it an extra star for that. I felt like the food was quite tasty and perhaps for the location the pricing was right.   I will say that I saw a 3 course lunch menu for under 10 quid so if you're on a budget, duck by here for some basic Thai curry.
4 Good Thai. In from The States, arrived looking for lunch. Good reviews on Yelp and was not disappointed. All our dishes were great, the Tom Kai soup, spring rolls, thai salad, and shrimp pad king. Decent prices in a pricey area and quality food.
5 Visited twice on our 5 day trip to Edinburgh. Amazing attentive service, delicious food, service with extensive menu knowledge- I am gluten free/vegan and had an entire page of items I could choose from. My husband had the spicy beef w veg, I had green curry w tofu. Had red curry 2nd visit- just as good!!
5 The best Thai food! I have been here on several occasions and continue to return. Food is always tasty. The atmosphere is nice and staff is great. Last night I had the chicken Penang curry and while not as much heat as I'm used to, it was still very nice with great flavor. The Som Tum, now that has a kick! Yumm!! It's in the middle of a very tourist spot in Edinburgh (right by the castle entrance) but it's not the feel you get from the restaurant. About my 4th or 5th visit and I'll continue to come back.
5 Tried here as thai is usually a good shout for gluten free options.  We arrived at 4.45pm and didn't have a booking.  The waitress said yes I can give you a table as long as you can be done by 8.30pm.  Not a problem!  She told anyone with no booking the time that they needed the table back by.  Some people may find this rude but I think it's better than being half way through your meal and being told to hurry up! I asked about the gluten free options and I nearly hugged her when she told me what I could have...every main course with the exception of 3, just wow!  There were six out of the 13 starters that I could have so we were on a roll before we even ordered. To drink my boyfriend ordered the thai iced tea with milk which may sound dodgy but far from it the flavours were perfect with what was ordered.  For starters we had the number 7 and number 8 (don't think these match the website exactly).  His was a marinated pork dish that was beautiful.  I'm not a big fan of pork but it was melt in the mouth tender.  Mine was a mince and peanut mixture wrapped in an egg net.  The egg net looked like batter almost so you expected a crunch but that didn't come until you reached the peanut.  Such an odd mixture that worked so well. For mains he ordered the Larb Issan dish with beef.  The only downside was that the spice was not quite as expected (it wasn't really spicy at all) but it was full of flavour and a very filling dish.  I had the Pedt orchid for mains which was verrry spicy and I loved it.  The mango mixed with the spicy duck was the perfect combination.  This dish managed to have lip numbing spice but yet have fantastic flavour which some places do struggle with.  At the end of this feast we were both stuffed and had no room for anything else.  When I'm back I will visit here again but will book a table to be sure! I would like to add from a non food point of view that the toilets were spotless!  This says a lot about a place.  Also while we were there a young couple came in with their teething baby and the staff cooed over the baby and distracted the baby as much as possible to let the couple eat their food.  I was amazed and so happy to have picked here.
