3 Good reliable Mexican take out.  Good burritos, which is about all I've ordered so far.  I hear they have awesome breakfast burritos, so it is on my list of things to do on a Saturday morning.   Overall, it meets the #1 priority on the Friday night take out list.......affordable...
2 It was just okay.  Hubby got the super nachos(carne asada), I got the carne asada taco meal, my son got a cheeseburger, and my daughter a cheese quesadilla.  The carne asada was bland but asa taco, it was good.  The nachos were not very good.  The shredded cheese taste like it was mostly processed.  My son only ate a few bites of his cheeseburger and my daughters quesadilla consisted of a four tortilla, shredded cheese, and butter.  It was very bland.  We brought the quesadilla and cheeseburger home for the dog.
1 Got 2 burritos for hubby and I to split.  Bean & cheese burrito was "ok" and chicken burrito was actually pretty horrible - dry, tasteless, blech... Won't return.
2 One thing I forgot to mention - although the food was barely "OK", their hot sauce was quite delicious.  Very flavorful and good heat to it.  Yum.  Now if only their food was good enough to put the hot sauce on...
1 I truly hope that the employees of this location and the owners of Los Favoritos read this review, but more importantly, take appropriate action. I really want to like this place. It's convenient to my house and the few dishes I've tried are pretty good for a chain mexican restaurant. I will say this is the only location I've been to but honestly, I'm afraid to visit others after the service we've received here on every single visit without fail.   That being said, the customer service is without a doubt the worst my wife and I have ever experienced in a restaurant. We have both worked in the food service industry and know the importance of good customer service. Not only that, it's EVERY visit! And it wasn't just to us. As I sat once waiting for my order to come out, I witnessed the guy at the cashier  give every customer the same terrible service, time after time. It's more than just lack of service - it's a general lack of manners and common decency. Either he's just rude or he's too cool for school...a little of both I think.   The front of the house staff are like zombies. Usually when you greet someone with a 'hello' or 'how are ya?' you get a response and a smile. Not here. The same goes for phone orders, there is a complete lack of professionalism and courteousness. I once walked in and said 'Hi. Do you guys have machaca burritos?" After not greeting me back, the young man hit a key on the register without breaking his eye contact with me. 'What else do you want?" he then said. ??!! I guess that's was a yes, and I guess I just ordered it! I could go on with the stories of unprofessionalism and all around rude, anti-social behavior but I won't. Most of these negative experiences have been with a young man and a young woman and on the weekends.  Owners - do something about this. Your average food alone cannot keep you in business for long with customer service like this.
5 Los Fav's is so good the grocery store next to it goes out of business. The carna asada is way better then fili b's. Get the carne asada quesadilla with la creama.
5 Best Mexican food around. I teach at a local high school & we come here often to get good food. I love their Carne Asada burrito and the main cashier knows my order so he punches it right up. Their red hot sauce is really good, too. This is good for eat in (but not a lot of seats) or take out.
4 Got a ham and egg breakfast burrito from here. I didn't go in or even order it so I can't grade the service. A friend picked it up for me do this review is doily rated on the food alone. The burrito seemed fresh and it smelled good. It was a little dry compaired to filbertos. Meaning there was no sour cream or salsa. It just had pico. All and all I would pick it over any other fast food chain around here.
4 Carne Asada fries!  That's all I need to say.
4 Best breakfast burritos around.  Huge & $4.  Can't beat that.  I get the bacon & add avocado.   The California chicken is amazing too.  My kids love the quesadillas. They use real authentic tortillas (probably have lard in them) but they are soon yuum. I always take tons of their hot sauces home & use them all week.   The red sauce is the best!  It's a taco shop but cheap & good. Not greasy like filibertos & Armando's
5 I could live off of the following burritos: carne California, bacon breakfast, bean & cheese.
2 I have been told by several friends that I should try this place. I love Mexican food, do I was really exited.  However, after eating here I can say...If you like processed low quality ingredients... This is your restaurant. I believe all their good has either been frozen or comes in a bag. I know you got to keep your food costs down, but c 'mon.  My wife couldn't finish her food and she only ordered 1 taco. Their chips and guac isn't even made with real avocados. It's made from a pulps bag that you squeeze out. No bueno!
4 If you want fancy high end Mexican food (that isn't very authentic) don't eat here.  If you want homestyle Mexican food that isn't fast food (a la Filberto's) then this is the place you have been looking for.  They have a number of locations and all of them seem pretty consistent.  The breakfast burritos are fantastic but everything on the menu is good.  This particular location doesn't have a lot of seating, but the take out service is good.  Looking for a meal to bring home.  Los Favs has you covered.
5 Frickin love this place. Come here at least once a week. This plays is far superior to filibertos. Carne Asada is tops on my list. Wether it's in a burrito, on my nachos, or on fries..the carne Asada is the bomb!  My oldest son likes the bacon breakfast burrito regardless of the time of day. My youngest likes the quesedilla or bean/cheese burrito. Try this place. You won't be disappointed.
5 This place is the shit. They've got some bomb ass food. It's not the fanciest, but for a taco shop, it's damn good
