4 Sunnyslope's latest addition is an upscale steak and seafood restaurant, complete with white tablecloths and live jazz music some evenings.   The large building that backs up to the canal was most recently home to the Calico Cow. The floral/country decor that had provided the setting for comfort food has been replaced with red walls lined with large black and white photos of celebrities like Marilyn Monroe and Rat Pack favorites.  Guests can now enjoy delicious house-made New England clam chowder and perfectly seasoned, slow cooked prime rib accompanied by live jazz or in a private dining room with a Western theme. When it cools off, I'm sure the patio will be a popular spot!  They have been open for one week and I've been there 3 times. Here are some of the things I've tried so far:  The clam chowder ($6) was a real highlight: loaded with littleneck clams, Yukon potatoes, fresh dill and double cream. This soup is not thick and corn-starchy, which usually prevents me from even considering it.   The shrimp for the shrimp cocktail ($11) is poached in Riesling and served with a cocktail sauce spiked with cognac.   The steak bruschetta ($12) lines crostini with thinly sliced rare filet mignon, gorgonzola and a balsamic reduction and a pairs them with a side of diced tomato, onion and basil to be applied at your own discretion.  The prime rib ($18, $20 or $22 depending on the cut size) is perfectly seasoned and not too fatty.  The chicken lahvosh ($16) is a generous serving of 2 breasts, pounded and encrusted in lahvosh crackers. Served with sautéed artichoke hearts, mushrooms and tomato in a chardonnay sauce. The night I had this there was not much sauce. I hear that is not the norm. There was so much chicken, though, I took one of the breasts home as leftovers and ate it cold the next day on a salad. It was even better the second day!!  Menu items are a la carte, so if you want potatoes or veggies you'll have to add those at $5 a pop but they are served family style and there is enough for at least 3 people per serving. I've tried the whipped Yukon potato that is creamy and buttery - just like mom makes! But, watch out for the potato au gratin: the table may fight over this scrumptious blend of potato, green onion and bacon loaded with Jack cheese!   At lunchtime, there are a few more salads to choose from and sandwiches, burgers and wraps averaging $7-9. Sandwiches are served with your choice of garlic scented fries, sweet potato fries, regular fries, salt & vinegar chips cottage cheese or coleslaw. I had the roast beef au jus with garlic fries and would have liked to see a little more meat on my sandwich and a little more salt in the au jus.   I hear great things about the blackened mahi-mahi so that's next on my list!  The owners are not new to the industry, having previously owned Jackson's in Flagstaff. A perfect match for Sunnyslope: a close family team that loves community. You'll find them making the rounds in the dining room greeting patrons and striking up conversation. And, while an upscale dining experience, there's no pretension to be found here. I wish these guys the best of luck and welcome them to the neighborhood! It's so great to have yet another choice for dining out in Sunnyslope!
3 Prior to Sunnyslope's Art Walk, I decided a drink was in order.  After all, what's the point of walking without drinking.  Otherwise, I would be driving the Art Walk and then they would have to change the name to Art Drive and no one would go.  So Central Grille with it's generous parking fit the bill.  We sat on the patio which is quite nice, once the table with the screaming brat exited.  By then, I really needed that drink.  They have a great happy hour with $5 glasses of house wine, $3.50 well drinks and import or draft beer.  The house wines were not appealing to me, but all of their wine prices are quite reasonable, although the by-the-glass selection is limited.  We ordered two appetizers at only $5 each.  However, they were small, so definitely order more than one unless you're the girl that never eats in front of your guy.  I'm not that girl.  We had the artisan cheese plate and the fig jam crostini.  The cheese plate included a blue cheese, a goat cheese, and a third soft cheese (some kind of cream cheese).  The cranberry-walnut bread was a nice touch, even if the cheeses were somewhat ordinary.  The fig jam crostini was so crazy delicious though with carmelized onion and melted gorgonzola as well.  My husband wanted dinner, but since I didn't think there would be sofas along the art walk, we opted to have only an entree, no side dishes.  I went with the stuffed salmon.  The stuffing was made with crab meat.  Unfortunately, the salmon was undercooked around the stuffing.  Had I been resting after dinner instead of walking, I might have actually sent it back, something I rarely do.  The happy hour portion of service was actually a little slow considering the restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived, but our server was friendly.  All in all, an enjoyable time.
5 If you are ever having a bad day and want to get treated like the president, head on over to Central Grille. Seriously. Both times I have been here (Once for Sunnyslope Art Walk and once for Happy Hour with a girlfriend) the entire staff is friendly and extremely attentive. They will sit down and chat with you, bring you extra bread and are always right there with refills.   The eggplant appetizer is an absolute winner. I think there are about ten pieces of delicious fried eggplant with mozzarella and marinara sauce... all for $7..  I also enjoyed the cheese plate. It is $5 on happy hour special and comes with three big slices of cheese (I believe there was a blue, Gouda and one other type) along with bread.   They serve Iily Coffee and Espresso and it is a strong cup! Pair it with one of the really, REALLY tasty desserts! I cannot remember the name of what I had, but I think it was called something layered. It was similar to tiramisu and you got your own side of warmed chocolate to drizzle over it. My mouth is watering thinking about it!!  The inside is kind of a tamed down version of Durant's, but the outside patio is amazing. They have cute lights up and wicker chairs with comfy seat pads. When the weather is nice you can sit out there for hours! As a bonus, you can hear the live music from the patio even though they play inside.   They also have a large variety of Happy Hour appetizers for $5... My friend really enjoyed her tacos! The $5 House Wine and $3.50 well drinks are also an awesome way to compliment your tasty appetizers.   I'm super stoked that Central Grille is right off of the canal because I can ride my bike there (its a 2 mile ride from my house - score!).  I love this new addition to the 'Slope!
3 Central Grille has been slow to grow on me, but it's getting there. I have not had the pleasure of enjoying a full meal from Central Grille, but I have had many drinks and appetizers from there.   The staff is always friendly even laughing at some of the rowdy subject matter from conversations with friends. I feel that they're aiming for a Rat Pack lounge  type of vibe in the bar area, but they're just a bit off when it comes to the music. One evening there was a little old lady playing the piano, another time it was a guy strumming a guitar and singing very boring music. The bar area would be a cool spot to hang all night but the music kills it at times.  I have tried a few of the appetizers which were a-ok, but one thing that was ordered that was AMAZING was the au gratin potatoes. YUM! I highly suggest you try them. Try them by themselves! You won't be sorry.  I hope to visit Central Grille again soon to try their other menu offerings
1 I read the other few reviews and am at a loss. I ate here for lunch a few weeks ago and am astonished anyone would find this place 4-5 stars. First, I am not foodie or some restaurant snop. I am someone who eats fairly basic and usually has few complaints, even with average food.   While less expensive than typical restaurants [good thing], the food was below average and it took forever. We were in there for 1.5 hours, which is WAAAAAAY too long for lunch. The waitress ws friendly, but people have to get back to work, you know.   Regardless of the wait, we were patient and realized that it was a new place so we tried to relax and deal with it. However, the food was not good. I had a burger, and it was about as good as the burger I had at the hospital cafeteria.   The avg age of the patrons had to be mid 70's. I couldn't care less, but I guess when you get older, you cant taste anything and you have nowhere to be, so waiting forever for crappy food isn't a big deal when it is inexpensive.   I give this place less than a year.
4 WOW! The service here was outstanding! Everyone in the entire place seemed to smile, work as a team, and generally do everything and anything possible to make sure me and my family had a great time.  And the food was great too!  -1 star for a the music/interior.  It was almost like rat pack cool type of vibe, but then there was a kinda creepy lady on a piano playing old people music.  I didn't mind it, but my family remarked multiple times they thought it was creepy.  *Shrug*
4 We went to Central Grille on Thanksgiving for their buffet.  Good food, excellent service and very nice ambiance.  We asked to sit outside and the weather was great for it.  Great place to sit back, relax and enjoy some food.  While I didn't drink they had a pretty good wine and beer list.  I will go back, enjoyed the experience.
4 Cool place. Live piano is a nice touch. Will be really cool once they open the patio and get a little busier. Drinks are reasonable - menu is simple but good. Try the blue cheese wedge salad ( made with mini heads of lettuce).
4 I love love love their happy hour specials.  The atmosphere is really cool and the bartenders and waiters are really great.  Every time I go in there I feel really welcomed.  I suggest the steak tacos and the calamari.
3 I have never written a negative review but unfortunately I think this place needs to get it together. It is in a location that never seems to be successful. I drug my husband over excited to try it and hoping to see an improvement. No such luck. No vegetarian entree, not really kid friendsly, small portions, pricey. Not what we were looking for in an evening. Love to support new restaurants but wont be back. Hope they figure it out and make it work.
2 WOW.  I've been once for dinner and was completely disappointed from start to finish.  I couldn't believe the manager was wearing baggy golf shorts and flip flops.  The waiter looked so upset when we didn't want a wine list and whispered something to another waiter and they stared at us as if we were losers.  Food not so good especially the presentation. I live in the area, but would not go back or recommend.
