5 My 17 year old son had been feeling poorly for several days. When he woke to a 103 degree fever, I said "Time to see the doctor". The young buck, who seems to think he is invincible and normally pitches a fit when he has to go to the doc said, "Yeah, like right now".  Having not been to an Urgent Care facility in forever, I hit the internet and found Alliance Urgent Care on Higley, just south of the Banner Gateway Hospital. They have an online patient info form you can fill out to speed up processing. Very cool.  We arrived and were swiftly seen by Dr. Nick Williams. He was very caring, compassionate and thorough.  Much more so than many UC docs I've experienced. He took time to explain things, and his course of action (diagnosis was pneumonia). Dr. Williams told us to call back if we had any questions or concerns, didn't order a bunch of unnecessary tests, and was just an all around great MD.  I'd like to think we'll never have a need for an Urgent Care facility again, but when/if we do, this is the place we'll go.
5 I went in late on a Sunday afternoon with shoulder pain that was severe enough to warrant an immediate trip to a doctor. After looking on yelp to see what was in my area, I made a visit to Alliance Urgent Care and I'm glad I did. After a very reasonable wait for a late Sunday walk-in, I saw Dr. Dale Schuerman, and found him to be very pleasant and attentive to my needs. If I am ever in need of an urgent care facility again, this will be the place I will visit.
5 This is the best urgent care! I actually make a longer drive to be seen at Alliance Urgent Care because the Doctor's and staff members are extremely professional and caring. The wait is never too long for an Urgent Care, at least from my experience. My daughter and I usually see Dr. Linzer or Dr. Tyler Carter. I just love these guys!! Very professional and both are great about cheering up my Little one when she is very ill. I like Dr. Linzer and Dr. Carter so much I'd love to have either one as our family physician. Unfortunately you cannot call the urgent care to see which Dr's are on staff, although we have been lucky enough to see Dr, Linzer and Dr. Carter each time. Considering how professional these two are I'm sure the other Doctor's on staff must be as professional and thorough as they are. There are many urgent cares in the area please check out Alliance Urgent Care, you won't regret it! :)
