3 My husband and I went there for dinner. The menu is pretty decent for your choices. My husband had fish and chips (cod) and I had chicken alfredo. The cod was great, and I don't even like fish. My chicken alfredo was really good, just a little too thick and creamy. So it's good for someone who's really hungry and wants a filling dish. The prices are great, and the service is also. I recommend this place for anyone who's looking for a good meal for a great price. We will be going back for breakfast sometime soon.
5 Tilapia is on point here French fries are nice and crispy  kids enjoyed their chicken strips very fresh and juicy. We'll definitely visit again also kids eat free with purchase of adult entree!
3 This review is based on the time we went, but if I had to come here again, it would probably be better. But since its the first time I ever came to this restaurant, I'll give it a decent review.   Located on Craig and Decatur, next to a discount mall. It's a small restaurant, which is in a decent location. it was early morning that we went, and Sunday for that matter. There was 8 of us, and we were able to get a good seating. It did fill up really fast, which shows that, they are a very recognized place. But knowing that they had guess coming in big crowd, it did show that they had little room to accommodate the guess. In other words, the place was small for the popularity they have.   The staff, were nice and very helpful. But when they got busy, it seems like the wait time for service tend to spread out more and it seem like they were under staff. It was kind of hard to get refills, or get attention. I think I finished my food, before I got a refill on my drink. But they did what they can do, in which, I'll give them credit for doing what they can.   The food, on the other hand, was great. I had the steak and eggs, which was cooked very well and presented very well I basically inhaled it. We also had the chicken quesadilla for appetizer, which was full of chicken. The wife loved it, but I wasn't fond of the sour cream being in a packet. But the quesadilla was good, I'll give them that.   Not fond of the fact that they only had one of those bathroom, just for one person at a time. Mainly end up having to stay in line, just to use a bathroom. Other then that, the place can be better, but the food was great.   I would probably recommend this place for the food. Probably go there when its not so busy and that you don't plan to use the bathroom while you're their. Other then that, its an A-OK kind of review. Maybe next time, it will be better.
3 First time trying this cafe.  The food was a great value - lots of food and a fair price.  My husband had the pot roast omelet and I had the spinach/mushroom omelet.  The service was lacking.  We sat at one table for 10 minutes but were not even given a menu.  After seeing two other groups come in after us and be waited on before us, we moved to another table...that was better but still coffee was not refilled and we had to flag down a waitress just to get the check.  We would go again but only if we had lots of time and didn't mind sitting around waiting.
4 Great breakfast specials! Breakfast Burrito was yummy & French toast combo :) me & my boyfriend enjoyed!
4 Good breakfast.
1 I decided to try this place for lunch. I will definitely not be returning, nor can I recommend it to anyone else.  The portion size was incredibly small for the price. I could have let that slide if the food had been excellent, but it was not. My "ultimate" sandwich was a dried-out chicken breast with a couple slices of avocado. The french fries were OK, but definitely nothing to rave about.  The low point came when I had to use the restroom. It looked as if it hadn't been cleaned in a month. There were even dead and dying roaches on the floor. On the way back to my table, I glanced in the kitchen and it looked nearly as dirty as the restroom. I wish I had seen these things before eating -- I would have left before ordering.
4 Excellent service and excellent food! Definitely will be going back!  I live in North Las Vegas and there are not too many breakfast joints near my house. I was surprised when I found this "hole in the wall."  It definitely has a cafe look, but is very clean.  It's my understanding the place if family owned, and all the employees were friendly.  The food was fresh, came out in a reasonable time, and tasted delicious.  Chicken fried steak was bomb and eggs benedict was acceptable.  I willl try for dinner or lunch next.
2 Your friendly neighborhood cafe...well they were friendly when they finally decided to come around. I have to say, for a small cafe you'd think they were able to maintain the amount of seating in this place. Now I don't know what the deal was, but our server took awhile to greet us and take our order and after we got our food he never came back to check on us??? What the heck?!?! It was just me and my dad eating and we had ordered a simple breakfast. I don't even think my dad got a refill on his coffee. The food is priced fair for the quality of the food. It's nothing like Marilyn's but it's okay. I don't know if I really want to give this place another try, but my uncle seems to like it here, so maybe in the future I will.  Oh I had to ask for a take out container twice from two different people and I had to ask for the check which our server never brought. The first lady I asked went into the kitchen and would only peep her head out and then go back in...what the heck is that about?
2 Ordered the Veggie Burger for take out, and it was really nothing to brag about, the whole presentation was pretty boring. I figured something called the 'Harvest Cafe' who brags about 'fresh ingredients',  would know a thing or two about making a 'vegetarian' burger, but I was wrong. First off, the menu says that it comes with sprouts (which was what I was really looking forward to), but it just ended up coming with iceberg lettuce (which I can't stand Iceberg). Also, the patty was really thin and dry ( I could have just thrown a Morning Star patty in the microwave and got the same results) and the bread was really thick for such a little patty. Even the avocado was dry, if that makes sense. Nothing else on the burger (tomatoes, onions) made it any more flavorful. I would suggest that if you are going to serve a vegetarian burger at your restaurant that you at least try and include the vegetables you promised on your menu, and maybe try to have a little more imagination. But the disappointment sadly doesn't end there. My husband ordered the Harvest Burger, and says that it was also pretty boring, and so were the fries, which were a little too firm. He said he would rather have went to 5 guys or even Denny's. I guess when you open up a restaurant on a street that has dozens of places that serve 'diner food', especially burgers, you get a lot of picky people.   Anyhow, this place just didn't stick out for us. It's really nothing special. However, I might give it another shot for breakfast some time.
4 Great little breakfast spot. Simple no frills good food at great prices. I love pancakes and I have to say they have phenomenal pancakes! I also like that this place is minutes from my house and right next to one of the best cleaners in the valley.   Note of caution the breakfast specials during the weekdays are not the same on the weekends. But during the weekday you get: 3 of the best pancakes you ever want to eat 2 eggs any style 2 bacon or sausage $4.99...SOLD!
4 Good food good prices decent service
4 This is my local joint good food, good prices, ok service. But very consistent. Pancake special 2 eggs 2 bacon 3 pancakes $4.99. Freakin awesome pancakes! They should invest in better coffee.
1 Have gone multiple times. Bad service. Should not cost that much for such quality.
4 Good prices, good service.  Great to have an easy to get to local diner.
2 Food was good. Service was poor.
1 Stopped for breakfast and the service good. Breakfast sucks. Eggs burned pancakes hard. Never been to a place that you needed a knife to cut your pancakes. Will not be coming back anytime soon.
4 9am on a Saturday morning, my 9 year old daughter and I walked into harvest cafe to try out their breakfast. The staff was extremely efficient and very accommodating towards my daughters love of bacon, substituting ALL the sides that came with the French toast to ONLY BACON with no issues :) I ordered the country steak and over medium eggs, the most perfectly cooked eggs I think I may have ever had in a breakfast establishment, my steak was juicy & crisp, the sausage gravy could of used a little more seasoning. Wish they had some more unique menu items, but thinking they cater to the 'older' patrons that were seated in the restaurant.  We will definitely be back!
1 My wife have been there many times. The food just keeps getting worse. We had steaks tonight one was okay but the other was 80% fat and gristle. The part I was able to cut out was was so tough I could not eat it. The salad was old and bitter. There is no pride in there food anymore. We will never go back for lunch or dinner.
