1 Generally speaking, I'm a huge fan of the Jos. A. Bank line of stores.  I've found their service, prices, quality, and selection to be absolutely top notch.  However, the Jos. A. Bank in Middleton may very well be one of the worst stores in the chain that I've ever visited.  I've visited their store on several occasions, and have always felt as if I was "bothering them" by walking in the door.  Those suspicions were confirmed today, when I stopped in to have the three pair of pants that I had purchased from the Jos. A. Bank in Rogers, AR tailored and hemmed.  I walked in to the store, which was for the most part empty, and stood at the counter for a few minutes before a gentleman reluctantly asked if he could "help" me with anything.  I believe he thought I was there to return the pants; when I asked if I could be fitted for the pants that I had bought last week, he let out a sigh and said, "yeah, but they won't be ready for like three weeks - we're really backed up."  I didn't care about the timeline; I have dozens of pairs of pants to wear, so the wait was no big deal.  I shared that info with him, and he sighed again and said, "ok, come on back here."  After he finished fitting me for the three pairs of pants, a manager (or I assume the person was a manager) stopped by and noticed that the gentleman had set a "delivery date" that was three weeks out.  The manager said, "These are just a hem? We can get that done by Thursday.  He doesn't have to wait three weeks."  The guy that was fitting me said, "Oh, I wasn't sure how busy we were, or if we were backed-up."  I then said, "Guys, I'm not in any hurry - it's no big deal, so take your time."  To which the manager replied, "No, we're ok right now, so it's not a problem.  We could probably have them by tomorrow."  So then the guy who was fitting my pants said, "Yeah, you can pick them up on Thursday.  Ok, let's get you up front to pay for this."    I was shocked; I'd never paid for tailoring at a Jos A Bank store before.  When I asked why there was a charge, the guy said, "We always charge for tailoring, yep, always do."  So, $38 later, I guess I'll have three pairs of pants hemmed by Thursday (rather than early August as originally quoted)...  On a whim, I called my old Jos. A Bank store in Arkansas, and spoke to one of the sales people and asked about the tailoring fee.  He said, "We're supposed to charge for it, but if you bought three pair of full-price pants from us, we'd usually do it as a service to our customer."  I asked the guy at the Middleton store about that policy, and he said, "They should all be fired there.  That's ridiculous.  We always charge. You'd get fired if you didn't."  So, there you have it.  Too bad for the customer.  I'm done with Jos. A Bank.  Never again - at least not from this location.
3 Update: I went to pick up the pants that I had altered today and I left with a completely different impression.  The staff was friendly, helpful, and fun.  I was immediately greeted by the folks there, helped instantly, and left very happy.  Perhaps my last few visits were unusual?    I'll give this location another shot - while talking with the staff, I saw a few shirts that piqued my interest, so I'll be back.
5 After checking the suits in my closet I found that after several years they don't fit. I was going to be traveling soon and wanted a new suit. I stopped in at Joseph A Bank just to look and before long I met Jon and he quickly sized me and showed me a number of suits that I liked a lot. After looking at several I picked out one, he measured me for the alterations and I was done. I spent less money than I thought I was and I'm happy with m new suit.  Ask for Jon Vinje for a great experience in finding your suit.
