1 When we first starting going to this doctor's office we were very happy and pleased. Unfortunately, things went bad and I will not recommend this pediatrics facility to anyone. I called at 3:50 asking if there was anyway to bring my daughter. The lady that answered the phone put me for 30 minutes. When she finally picked up the phone I asked her if she knew how long I was on the phone? She said do you want to make an appointment as too ignore my question. I said I have been on hold for 30 minutes she came back at me with full force and said it is a Monday and 2 people called in today so we are doing the best we can. I feel very uneasy about a pediatrician's office putting a parent on hold for 30 minutes because that is the best they can do. So after I got yelled at for it being a Monday I again explained I need to bring in my daughter and again I was put on hold. Then after being on hold for an additional 10 minutes I was told there were no available appointment's left for today. I told the nurse that I had requested my children's medical records 2 months ago and I want to know where they are (due to a very bad experience I had with the doctor a few months before this episode) and again I was put on hold. I finally arrived at the doctor's office with phone in hand and still on hold. By the time I got to the office I had been on hold for 45 minutes because that is the best they can do. I was at the office for another 30 minutes while 3 different employees told me one lie after another on where my kids medical records were. So if you calculate it all up I was dealing with them for one hour and 15 minutes and in all of that time someone could of seen my daughter. I gave this office 2 chances with my kids and that was 2 chances too many.     One last note...When my son was sick with RSV and I was trying to get ahold of the office I had to leave a message with triage and it took them 3 hours to get back to me. They told me they had lunch that is what took so long. I was already in the ER when they called back and ended up in the ICU of children's hospital that night.
4 I initially met Dr Saba at the hospital after we delivered my beautiful baby girl. He did the welfare check on us and I was impressed. I continued to use him as my daughters Dr but over time, them moving, us moving & us changing insurance we found ourself seeing another Dr. I ended up finding Dr Saba again so I ended up changing back to his practice and am so glad. He treats my daughter like he knows her, like family. I've had the pleasure of interacting with the other Dr's & staff as well & have always had a good experience. I will continue to recommend him to people I care about
3 If your looking for a doctor who really listens to you about your kids. Jennifer is the perfect one to see here. I as a mother have had a hard time getting doctors to listen to me about my children, but not with Jennifer. She understand that moms know their kiddos the best. I recommend her to anyone. I don't recommend Seitter, he gives off the impression that you don't know what your talking about when it come to your children. When seeing him, he also makes you feel like your bothering him. You don't get that welcome feeling when seeing Seitter, like you do when seeing Jennifer.
4 We love Dr. Saba! He is great with our kids and really listens. He came highly recommended by a good friend and I see why! All 4 of our kids go here.
