4 Great hotel! This is a great hotel, just a 10 minute walk from Edinburgh castle, 20 minute walk from Waverly station (take a cab if you have bags, as it is uphill) and close by to some of the large businesses of the area. The room was fantastic, great size, recently refurbished in great style and the price was even better! I booked online and used their summer saver type rate, 89GBP B&B.  My only disappointment with this organization was that they would not honour my customers negotiated rate without using their travel agent.  Not a problem this time as the summer saver was the same price as my customers rate, but out of season I may have to use the Hilton instead :(
3 This is a nice enough hotel with excellent service, but I felt it was way overpriced for what you get.  I was staying with a platonic friend, and they only offered rooms with one not very large bed.   The internet connection (wifi and cable in room) is pretty slow and unstable, and cuts off every 30 mins.- I couldn't check or send email the whole time I was there (3 days).  There are only 4 or so channels on the tv, no movies.  No gym or spa, yet the price was $250 a night. The food in the restaurant was nothing to get excited about.  The bar was quite nice, with a very efficient and friendly bartender who also was our waiter in the restaurant.  The location is pretty good.  It's an ok place overall, but for the money I would go elsewhere.
5 Ate their for the 2nd time on Friday.  Stunning food, I had the smoked eel and then the pork shoulder! Two great dishes!!  Also sampled the beef and snail salad! Superb!!
2 I went for lunch here after they sent me an email with what seemed like an amazing lunchtime deal. And as much as it kills me to quote my mother, if something seems to good to be true then it usually is. That was definitely the case here. Don't get me wrong, it was nice. But 'nice' also applies to your friend's boring girlfriend, or the jumper your gran gives you at christmas and is desperate to hear your opinion of.   First off, I think it's really cheeky when restaurants charge you for a basket of bread. Especially when there's only one slice each, it's not even that fresh and it costs £3.50. For that price i could have bought myself a glass of wine, and i know which one of the two i'd have preferred!  We were ordering from the 'Du Vin Or Not Du Vin' menu, which gave us the choice of 2 courses for £10 a head, or 2 courses with wine for £15 a head. At first glance, it all sounded very tasty and exciting... but it was effectively just a list of your bang-average pub dishes described over 4 or 5 lines, with at least half of those words being in various foreign languages.  My boyfriend had steak and chips (which, incidentally, wasn't cooked the way he'd asked for it) and I had mussels and chips in a really bland cream sauce with some green bits in it, although if they were herbs I couldn't taste them... now you understand why they have to dress it up so much on the menu! In the ten days since we ate there, I've completely forgotten what we even had as a starter - read into that what you will.  Long story short, I ended up paying almost £50 for a meal that they make you think will cost £30. More annoyingly, it was a meal that I could have got in pretty much any of the half dozen pubs within 20 metres of here, for a fraction of that price and with much better atmosphere. I don't mind paying a lot when it's actually worth it, but I just got the feeling here that they were trying to get money out of you at every available opportunity, with all their sly little extras.
5 You can quite easily walk past this hotel because it sits quietly on the road, minding its own business. But when you take the time to go in here, wow. It's so chic, really really modern and trendy, a place for professionals! The hotel rooms are lovely too and it is in such a great location for first-time visits to the city. It has everything you would want from a hotel! They have a really good wine bar, Du vin, which is a great place to spend the evenings!  There are usually good deals on the internet for this hotel too, worth a look!
5 Du Vin is the wine bar in the beautiful hotel, Hotel du Vin. It's uber classy and ultra chic. My sort of place!  There is such a great mix of people in here , professionals just getting a drink with a really laid-back atmosphere. You;re not pestered by sleazy guys spilling their beer on you whilst telling you about their amazing job and fast car etc etc.  it's a really classy wine bar, and the wine is chilled to perfection. They really know their stuff!
4 Hotel du Vin is one of the newer culinary, wine orientated kids on the block in the old town, and it certainly looks the plush part, with the immaculately finished, rustic, French kitchen-esque restaurant space, teamed with a really tasty, and also French themed food menu.  I've been here for dinner a couple of times, and a couple of dishes have really stood out, namely the crab and chips, and at times you can't beat a good old rib eye steak, which is also a brilliant option here. The dishes stick to fairly classic formulas, but have enough variety to be universally people pleasing. Prices are reasonable for the quality of the food, although they definitely couldn't be classed as cheap. The wine list is extensive, and there's a mezzanine bar and a cool whisky snug where you can enjoy a drink afterwards, plus a cigar shack if that's your thing.
5 Don't know what the food is like, but I have to say as a review on staff. 5 stars!  Was recently in for a Christmas Fair and must say, really nice people who work here! Also I really like the atmosphere and design of the Hotel. The entry way is a really nice touch and is pretty at night! I'm surprised I hadn't been in yet!   I recently booked my parents into a hotel, but now that I just went here I wish I got them a spot here so I can visit!
4 I wanted to save some of my review for Hotel du Vin to outside of the Yelp event that I attended recently. It first caught my eye with the window display of wine casks that made me what to squash my nose up against the window in an alcohol-induced frenzy, but I was with people, too sober and too self conscious with a dash of 'how clean are those windows' thrown in to boot. Nonetheless, it had reached my subconscious that I wanted to return. Little did I know that this would be via a Yelp event, but it was a great introduction to a place that I definitely have plans to return to to test out their menu. We were delivered canapes as part of a wine tasting event - if that is the quality, then I won't be disappointed, especially in the cheese stuffed profiteroles... sinfully good.   We were given a nice little tour of the hotel - the snug, a nice wee place to indulge in a whisky with friends (yup, I can picture long nights of drunken scheming and finagling taking place in here), the restaurant complete with wine theme, and a fantastic overtop bar with a great view of the diners below. For the somewhat closeted geek in me - loved the wine pull (treat wine like beer! Imagine the lockin fun with that!), the seriously over the top wine tasting room with custom built tasting station (and very bad fake stone wall paper).   And that brings me to the parts that make me cringe - the fake stone wallpaper took a rather funky tasting room (next door to cellars I would dream of owning) and added a layer of crass. The chandelier made out of nasty looking wine glasses just further contributed... and the mural of Burke and Hare in the function room was just seriously awful. If those were accidentally burned in a freak accident, I wouldn't miss them. That would leave the much better parts of Hotel du Vin, including the super lovely staff (Nan the manageress and Seb... a fantastic speaker, raconteur and sommelier) to do nothing but impress.
4 Never fails to impress! Lovely food, better wine, delightful staff! So friendly and helpful, I guess you're paying for it but that's why you go here! You know what you're getting, always good, lovely atmosphere, well done hotel du vin.
3 The Hotel du Vin is such a cooooooooool place.  The setting is gorgeous, they have a really swish smoking shelter with a fire which makes me want to take up smoking (joking!), an amazingly fabulous whisky snug, and a cool wine glass chandelier.    I booked in here for afternoon tea with my mom, attracted by the interesting G&T(ea) option.  We actually decided on the bubbly accompaniment, but the cocktail did sound tasty.    We arrived to a lovely little setup.  There were two parties who had booked in for afternoon tea and we each got our own little tucked away corner to enjoy ourselves.  This was great because it allowed us to chat and stay for ages.    The downside started when we waited quite a while for the very rushed/harassed bartender (on a Monday afternoon) to come and ask how we would like to receive our tea (we asked for the bubbly last, but got it first).  We then waited for what felt like too long again before actually receiving our tea and nibbles.    The nibbles were... meh.  The sandwiches were fine though pretty uninspired.  Ham, cheese, and salmon.  That's it.  We then each had two scones (one fruit and one plain).  I never understand when they give you two full-sized scones and often wonder if it's a cheap way to fill someone up?  The dessert tier was pretty lacking.  I tried everything and while half of the desserts didn't seem terribly fresh, the other half were just relatively tasteless.    So, the setting was fantastic but the actual afternoon tea itself left me feeling pretty "meh" about the whole experience.    I would come here for a drink but would look elsewhere next time I feel like afternoon tea,
3 I hadn't been to the Hotel du Vin Bistro before, as I typically avoid hotel restaurants; they are frequently both lazy and expensive, depending on their captive audience of business residents dining on expense accounts. However, we had a party of five during the festival, and other choices were in short supply. We booked for 18.45, and on arrival we were shown to a very nice semi-private area with a view on the kitchen. Really nice.   We made our choices from the supplied menus, noting that the food was, indeed, quite pricey, with separate sides required for most main courses. On her return to take our order, we were informed by the very pleasant waitress that several items were no longer available. Surprising, given how early we were, and disappointing that we weren't informed before choosing. I had selected the steak haché, but the rösti that was meant to accompany it was going to be replaced with fries, and I didn't want that. According to the waitress, the batch of rösti made in the morning was sub-standard, and there was insufficient time to make more.   The standard of food was generally good. The starter of French onion soup looked and tasted delicious, with a thick crust of cheese, and the Heritage Beetroot and goat's cheese salad received a quite positive reception.   A main course of seared salmon on a bed of warm salad niçoise delivered moist salmon with a lovely crispy skin, though the salad was rather over-filled with olives for my taste. Our accompanying wine, while good, was also expensive.   The disaster, though, came when we ordered petit fours with our coffee. We were told that we'd get three pieces, so we ordered three portions between us. When they were arrived we were presented with three identical plates, with three pieces of deep fried Mars bar on cocktail sticks. The appearance was awful, the taste was worse, and we had them removed from the bill. Aside from the prices, the rest of the meal had been reasonable, the surroundings and service were good, but the petit fours left a very bad taste. Unfortunate end to a pleasant evening.
2 It's too bad you can't eat the Posh here.  Beautiful room, nicely decorated, with an upscale cozy lodge feel.  Unfortunately the food and service leave a lot to be desired.  The food was edible for sure, but at the prices I would expect exceptional, or at least very good.  I had the French onion soup to start, as it was a cold, rainy night.  When it came I thought I was in for a treat, as it was covered in melty, gooey gruyere cheese.  Sadly the soup underneath was underseasoned, with none of that sweet oniony goodness and deep rich beefy flavour that comes from mountains of slowly cooked onions and homemade beef stock.    My main was a ribeye, perfectly cooked and tasty, if a bit on the thin side (I think that's the style for steak in this country).  The Jus on the side was bland and overly thick.  The chips on the side were nice though.  For dessert I chose creme brûlée, as it's a nice indication of quality.  The custard was creamy and the perfect consistency, though it was cold.  The top was overly browned and too thick, ending a chewy mess stuck in my teeth.  Not the worst creme brûlée but well below the best.  Finally I have to call out the poor quality of service.  We were served by several different waiters throughout the meal, with the first having to read the specials off her crib sheet.  This in itself is forgivable had the dishes not trickled out of the kitchen.  Also my friend and I both ordered coffee which never came.  And finally after waiting in front of empty plates and glasses for 15 minutes or so, with two of our party having departed, I had to flag down yet a different waiter for the check, which I then had to send back to have the phantom coffees redacted.  Overall a poor dining experience, and quite a disappointment.  There are better ways to spend your money.
5 Fine dining as good as it gets, without the pomp or miniscule portion sizes. In fact quite the opposite.   You simply need to walk into the Bistro to get a sense of the luxurious but slightly more laid back style of Hotel du Vin's restaurant. A real fire burning in the corner (which we were lucky enough to be sitting next to), warm glowing light and candles, dark wood, and that French style with mustard-yellow walls and many wine bottles scattered around to lend a decent air of romance.  The champagne that was suggested as an apertif was exquisite. The smoked salmon starter offering so much salmon I didn't think I would manage half, in anticipation of my main. But then, on tasting it, I proceeded to eat it all and wish for more. Until the main came. The steak main that is chopped with onions, grilled, served on potato rosti with a fried egg on top. I thought this may be the slightly less 'fine' way of eating steak. But it was potentially one of the best steaks I've had. It was still raw at points in the middle (I love my steak rare, and completely raw as in steak tartare) but had the delicious charcoaled edge on the outside. It was also such a large portion I couldn't finish it, despite practically laughing with joy after every mouthful.  In case you can't quite decipher what I'm trying to explain, the food at Hotel du Vin is du-vine (see what I did there? Devine? Ah, nevermind. Ruining a moment). There are many great restaurants in Edinburgh serving that oh-so-hot-right-now British gastro-dining, such as venison steak with kale and sweet potato. Hotel du Vin takes it back to a more continental (well, French, basically) which was a refreshing change.  The service was also friendly and attentive, without being intrusive. The surroundings and setting were quite perfect really. Given its location, in the epicentre of Edinburgh University and its students, surrounded by yoga schools, bars and soup cafés, I can imagine it being walked by. And that is such a shame, although it is the sort of place you kind of want to keep as your delicious little secret.  Next to try is the Sunday 'Le Brunch' which I hear is equally exceptional.
4 What a Sunday Brunch! Great little place in old town... Burger is spot on.
5 A review for the Hotel du Vin (not the Bistro, unfortunately...)   I had a truly lovely one night stay at the Hotel du Vin -- and would've stayed longer if time allowed. It's a beautifully remastered property with all the classic touches brought up to high sheen.   The room: a well thought out space which contained a sizable bed (comfortable), small desk, commanding wardrobe and flat screen TV. The real hit is the bathroom -- with a full-sized tub and rain shower, higher end shampoos and soaps and fluffy towels/robes. Nothing overlooked -- even fresh milk in the fridge for your coffee!   Room service. I opted for room service breakfast and it was fairly standard for the price (about 13 quid) and included a basket of pastries (too much for one person surely!), and then selection of juices (fresh OJ!), a carafe of coffee, yogurt with meusli and fresh berry compote. Satisfying and delivered swiftly -- I found it a worthwhile investment.   The extras: complimentary wifi (and it works!), nespresso machines in room, velvet red cake squares at reception, the ladies even called me a taxi to train station.   The rate: 89/night (midweek, advance paid booking via web)  *authorisation of 50 on your credit card at check-in.   Will definitely stay again. Well located to great restaurants, Edinburgh University, great shops, Greyfriar's Bobby.   Protip: make a reservation to eat at The Outsider nearby. Very good restaurant and literally a 1 minute walk.
3 There is a sense in which this place was on a hiding to nothing, from the outset, as we'd had a simply excellent meal, the night before, at Cafe Fish, with the same group of people, visiting for the Six Nations rugby. It seemed unlikely that we could hit those heights, two nights in a row.  And so it proved. I had a disappointing spinach souffle, to start, then followed with the steak hache, which was good without being particularly memorable. Service was confused and confusing, with a lot of staff overlapping and the pace of delivery rather pedestrian.  It was a shame as I really like the venue. It's an excellent marriage of old and new, and the place has a lovely vibe. Their wine list is as impressive as you would expect.  It's priced as fine dining, but the quality on offer is nowhere near that.  Overall, we said: "Bistro du Vin certainly met our post-match needs very nicely, but it didn't quite hit the heights, for me. While the setting was lovely, and a jolly good time was had by all, I'm not sure the quality of the dishes was all that it could have been."
2 Booked lunch here recently and had been really looking forward to this special treat, but it was a bit of a mixed bag.  Not all I'd hoped for really, especially not for the price!  Good points however included the amazing interior design of the entrance initially, through a court yard, outdoor seating and a hut with a small fire.  This space must be lovely in the summer.  Chech out the crystal wine glass chandelier when you enter reception! The restaurant was dec'd out in a french theme, lovely wooden open beams, ocher yellow walls and unique wine accessories dotted across the walls. Cute single laddie and lassie toilets with lovely hand gel and moisturiser.  The wine was outstanding, even the cheapest wine, a Portuguese red, £4.75 (!) for a small, but what else do you expect from the 'Hotel of Wine'?  The warm bread basket with butter served after the champagne was a lovely touch too.   Bad points on the other hand, was the food!  The three course lunch was just nice, but not the fine dining experience I expected.  The starter, Alaskan prawn (with shells) and aioli was surprisingly stone cold, time consuming and a little dull.  The portion was generous, but the taste; not out of this world.  My main was Skate Wing with roast potatoes and spring leaves.  The fish was over salted and fiddly to eat, too many bones. I noticed other people here reviewing have commented on the food containing too much salt too, it's just not necessary.  Dessert was 'crunchy' apple crumble and cream, the crunchy being that the apple were a bit al dente.  The dessert was probably the best course out of the three, but nothing all that special.  The staff were generally attentive but when I asked a question about the Skate, they never returned with an answer?  I paid just under £40 for the 3 course lunch, with champagne and a small red and came away thinking I'd experienced better and wasn't even that full!
4 My partner had a voucher for a meal for two and we went on Friday night. The welcome at the door was great and we were shown to a lovely table.   The waiter, sommelier and manager were all really friendly, knowledgeable and friendly. Our food was lovely - we had steak tartare and pate for starters with a lovely wine and then had a fabulous plate of hot shellfish and crustaceons with chips.  I didnt like my dessert but then I was trying something new and my partner finished it very happily. We had a lovely evening and great atmosphere.
4 Had dinner here with the in-laws a wee while ago to celebrate the OH's birthday.  The food and wine were lovely, the service was prompt & friendly but I found the restaurant a bit dark despite the high ceilings. There's not much natural light & even though we were sat by the window I almost felt like I was sitting in the dark.  Next time I'd try the upstairs bar or if it's warm enough, a table in the courtyard.
5 Parfait. De la literie à la cafetière nespresso dans la chambre, en passant par l'impressionnante liste de scotchs, vins, liqueurs et cigares (avec un fumoir exterieur). Petit dejeuner un peu cher mais de qualite.
5 So this place used to be a Mental Asylum   And now for the review...   The service, food, standards and overall personality of this hotel make for a solid four star experience. I stayed in one of their sister hotels before so there is a faint whiff of 'chain' but certainly nothing that takes away from the experience.   Like I said,  a solid four star experience,  that's until I strolled into the bathroom for a shower after a cold afternoon in Edinburgh... and all of a sudden 4 became 5. Underfloor heating 'ya wee dancer'!
4 i popped in here the other night to grab a quick drink before an elite event.  i've been to the bar a few times before, but it was nice to re-visit as it had been a few years since the last time i'd been in.  like other hotel du vins, this is a fantastic hotel!  it's located in what used to be edinburgh's insane asylum, so a bit of historic bit totally refurbished to a 4 star hotel.  hopefully without any residual inmates from the past!!  the bar is on a mezzaine level above the main restaurant, making it rather small but as cosy.  i quite like it and it's never been busy when i've been in so i've always been able to get a seat.  there are so cosy sofas for sitting and also a few small tables with chairs dotted about as well.  it's all keeping the general design of the hotel which is dark colours, leather and exposed brick.  very chic indeed.  as we were only there for a quick drink, i got a whisky sour which my drink mates had a margarita and a bloody mary.  the waiter was very friendly and after taking our drinks order brought over a pot of olives and some nuts for nibbling on.  drinks arrived promptly as well and i can confirm my whisky sour was top quality.  it went down a treat and i was sad not to have the time to get another!  similar comments were made of the bloody mary and margarita.  as time was short we got the bill and were on our way shortly after the drinks were done, but overall a lovely visit and i'll need to make a point of getting to hotel du vin again soon!
3 3.5 stars! Not quite 4, not quite 3.  Things I liked about Hotel Du Vin: - The happiest morning wake up call in history - "GOOOOO-OOOD Morning! This is your wake up call, it's lovely outside, have a GREAT DAY!!!"  - Nice toiletries and bath products, and dimmers on the bathroom for ultimate bath relaxation - Nice selection of food in the mini bar, other than the usual suspects - Great location in the centre of the old town  Things not so great: - The rooms are TINY. And either really hot (without AC) or really cold (with) - Lots of odd noises from plumbing and the likes - Continental breakfast was amazing. Any of the cooked additions were not - You have to pay for water in your room. This is unacceptable - Prices in general at the bar, in the mini-bar, are really high (£9.10 for a glass of not great white wine - glad I only got one) - Patchy wifi. Not terrible but not great.   Overall I would still stay again, once I was feeling flush and could try my hand at getting upgraded to a bigger room!
4 I was sure I'd reviewed here, but maybe I've been reviewing in my sleep (again). Sleeping - now there's a nice segue to my review of staying at Hotel du Vin.  I'd stayed here previously, and was definitely tainted by that experience as I'd been upgraded to a suite. I remembered the breakfast was delicious, the bed was comfy and there was a massive claw-foot bath (which I didn't have time to use, but it was nice to look at).   This time I was in a standard double room and the difference was noticeable as the room was quite a lot smaller. There isn't really too much else that's different though, there's still a bath (with the shower) and there's a desk if you need to get some work done. The beds are massive and you wouldn't find yourself short of a pillow. On my first night's stay I was in a room on the first floor, behind the bar and was kept awake all night by a weird plumbing noise in the room, and could also hear the person above me moving around their room. Thankfully, getting moved to another room wasn't a problem and the lovely lady on the front desk had it sorted for me in a short while.   The room I was moved to was on the other side of the hotel, but sadly had the same plumbing noise - possibly the air conditioning? I can mostly sleep through anything (e.g. Olympic football matches) so it was annoying to be kept awake by this noise.   My only other grumble was at breakfast. On the first day, they were able to oblige my gluten free request and I got a bread basket of GF bread as well as GF bread with my eggs Benedict. However, on the second day they were out of GF bread, and still hadn't restocked on the third day. That made me a little sad as with such a fancy hotel, you'd think they'd join the dots and get some bread in.   Otherwise, my stay was pleasant and comfortable. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, and the barman in the evening happily kept me going with pistachios which was very kind of him. The staff were really helpful when I asked to move rooms, and I enjoyed being able to sit in the bar of an evening having a drink before going to bed.
