5 Our family has used them twice now. And I was pleasantly surprised both times. We've had Dawn as our photographer both times, we actually requested her the second time. She is amazing. Everyone there is great about keeping our little one smiling and getting some great shots. Also you get a lot for your money. And the shots are a little more creative then they would be at Sears, Penny's or something similar. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone.    You can see some of the photos in my profile by the way.
4 We had my daughter and niece's Christmas pictures done at this location and I was extremely happy with the quality of pictures! We have used P.I. for pictures several times at another location, this location did a wonderful job too! This location does tend to be very busy, so I would suggest an appointment and be ready to wait, even with the appointment.   Great value, great quality, great with kids!~
2 Okay option; Be ready to spend about four hours  We've used Portrait Innovations twice.  The pictures are good enough for routine family photos as your kids grow so fast.  And with the coupons available online, it's priced fairly reasonably.  Pros: Despite your concerns with the look of the staff, you get some good photos; Bathrooms and dressing rooms are good; The ability to view, select, and have your photos printed inside an hour is helpful  Cons: They are never on time with an appointment (when you have a baby, this is a BAD thing); We've spent more than four hours from arrival to walking out with pictures both times; There is up-sell; Staff can seem disorganized and abrupt
1 Terrible Terrible Terrible experience with the one at 97th and Northern in Phoenix. We were told they could accommodate a large family photo only to find out when we got there, they definitely didn't have enough room.  They had only one photographer and no one else helped to make the kids smile or even make sure they could be seen in the picture, although the owner could be seen leaning on the wall while she struggled.   You can see the light boxes in the canvas print they sent us and the bottom half of the kids are cut off.   Of the 6 CDs we received with our package only 1 of them was of our actual family, 2 of them were someone else's pictures and 3 CDs didnt even work at all. We paid over $300.00 for this and they can't be re-taken as this was a special gift for grandparents whose kids came from all over the country for these pictures.   They have offered no apologies and no compensation. I will never go there again and I will make sure every one of my friends knows what a horrible place this was.
1 I have been here several times for my families pictures and loved that I could buy the package and then have access to the online studio for my family to buy more prints that I couldn't afford of my son. Well after our visit there today I will never go back. I went to get my sons second birthday pictures done and like usual I picked the favorite pose for the packet and then I assumed like the other 5-6 times I've been there, that the rest of my favorites would be available on the site for my parents to buy more sheets of the other poses, BUT no! At the end of everything, they inform me that the studio online is not available if you don't buy more poses upfront anymore. And only the additional poses you do buy are available on the site. So really if you get down to 10pictures you LOVE you have to buy atleast one sheet of every pose to be able to get them all online as well. Which would be several hundreds of dollars which I for one do not have. I am extremely disappointed that I lost so many amazing pictures of my baby boy because they no longer offer that option and my family could not buy more.... I will never go back....
4 I have been coming here, to get my family pictures done since my son was a baby. I love the different rooms but every time we go I definitely wish there was some type of privacy. The employers are great they are very patient and they take their time. Occasionally, you will run into the worker that uses the same poses every time you come. The bathrooms are always clean.  They always have a sweet deal with a coupon. They try real hard to get you to spend more money. But I d efinantly enjoy coming I'm every time.
