4 after being in Vegas for 2 days already and seeing all the beautiful ppl with awesome fashion etc. i was itching to buy something nice for myself...a nice purse. i went to Gucci..nothing popping out at me. i went to Christian Dior...way too expensive and not a big selection. i went to LV, nothing new that i wanted to buy. so we walked it out at the Fashion Mall...why not just drop into Michael Kors.  never been there nor have I ever shopped for Michael Kors' stuff but some of the purses caught my eyes when i was walking by. went in...had my eyes on this one purse = $500...not bad. eyeing another one...$500 and then lastly, this light brown hobo...$500 but Sam went to check the price again and it's 40% off now.  WTF.  it's about 1/4 of what i was wanting to spend and it was cute w/ what i was wearing too. then there was a wristlet at $34...same collection. then adding the new sunglasses $112.  i was about of there under $500...DARN IT but loved every one of the items i bought. Sam helped me out without pushing anything on me as i was so indecisive and so was my hubby.   i am so hapyp with all the items and am carrying it today :)
5 All three of the listed Michael Kors locations in Vegas seem to be the same place- the one i went to was in the Forum Shops. I had been going through this primal urge to own a designer bag and/or a pair of designer shoes. There's no way to describe the feeling except for all-encompassing; I was staring at shoes online, at lightly used bags, and closing the browser at the last possible second when somebody walked in the room. Clearly I was developing a problem.   So, in Vegas with some good friends, my friend and I are discussing this recent obsession, and we come upon Michael Kors. The security lady outside was really inviting and saw us eyeing the bags. So we finally caved and went in. It didn't take long for a sales lady to come up to us and start helping us. And when I say helping- I really do mean helping, not just plying me with things I don't want to buy. She actually listened- saw what we were looking at, and went out of her way to find similar items, which were often on sale.  As we were staying at sale bags, I found one in a sable color that I found very pretty, but it was just a little too straight-forward for me. Then our sales woman came by and said, "you know, not only is that on sale, but it also comes in a plum color." That was all I needed to hear- she went and found it, and I was in love. Not only was I in love- it was only $170 dollars. Sold.
5 can i say that they have THE MOST AMAZINGLY GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE that i ever experienced??  yessir they sure do!  this was my first time being at this MK location..no idea they had a MK store at the fashion show mall but i was passing by here with my bf and had to stop in. i am a huggeeeeee MK fan and i wanted to buy the matching wallet to my current handbag...the S.A. she had long blonde straight hair, had a cute striped skirt on and was very friendly and polite when i walked in. i was def surprised by that alone b/c usually these type of stores they like to customer service you depending on how you were dressed...but not for this store! i seriously wished i got her name b/c she helped me out a lot! she knew what wallet i wanted and even checked to see if it was on sale..and guess what!? it was! i also bought a monogram wrislet and a pencil pouch which was on sale as well.  i am def a fan of this location now because of their great/speedy customer service.
1 Staff was very nice.Im just not feeling the merchandise...
