4 This is a Mexican seafood restaurant and grocery.  You can dine-in or buy fish to bring home and cook.  For those who are unschooled in the field of eating in combo fish-shop/restaurants, the place will smell faintly like fish.  Fair warning if you find the smell repugnant.  Also, if you're experience with Mexican seafood ends with the fish taco or Baja Fresh, be warned - this place is not quite what you are expecting.  I dropped in, lured by promises of $5.99 lunch specials, and was surprised at the prices on the menu - most items were in the double-digit range, and I was only looking for a quick, cheap lunch.  The menu is large and varied, with everything from beef to octopus fully represented.  As tempting as the more expensive entreés sounded, I diligently stuck to my budget, opting for the $5.99 shrimp burrito.  $5.99 isn't bargain-basement for a burrito, but for a flour tortilla stuffed with shrimp, a standard ensalada, and some flavorful rice with vegetables, I'll bite.  The shrimp was in a sauce that had hints of citrus and tomato, and another bright, tangy note that I couldn't quite place. The shrimp itself was excellently cooked, not soggy like poor-quality ceviche or overly-rubbery like poorly defrosted frozen camarones. In short, delicious.  The rice tasted like it was cooked in some kind of broth, and had tomatoes and carrots thrown in for good measure.  Also delicious.  The salad was the standard that you get in most Mexican places, but, importantly, the iceberg lettuce, green bell pepper, and tomato all tasted fresh.  No limp lettuce here.  The veggies provided a very satisfying crunch to the burrito and the rice.  They also served beer and liquor.
5 Do you like Rocky Point? I do, and that is why this restaurant is like a brother to me, a weird, some-what attractive step-brother:) The facade may appear shady, but let's be honest, shady is good. Good food, this place is very authentic, and good prices, I am never upset. I have been to this restaurant many times for lunch. I like coming there because there are usually only a handful of customers and I can enjoy a lot of waitress attention.  You are greeted with a free cup of seafood soup that is so yummy and full of chunks of seafood. Aye papi! Did I mention that the seafood here is phenominal! They have this appetizer called oysters el pacifico that is moi bueno! It is oysters on the half shell with shrimp, avocado and red onions, very delicious. The restaurant is run by the whole family, papa is the chef, the daughter is the notary/manager and the son (Jr.) is the renaissance man. You are always treated like family in here. WARNING: The service is slow so if you are not going to enjoy food, culture and company, please do not go.
4 I was on the internet looking for restaurants that serve Mexican food for a quick Monday dinner and was attracted to El Pacifico because it serves fresh seafood and offered  a discount coupon.  The experience was so authentic it was like visiting Mexico again with the simple surroundings, lack of pretensions, and very tasty fresh food.  We found the combination of food, price, and service was a great value and instantly began to plan another visit.  So if you're tired of the standard offerings at popular Mexican restaurants in Phenix come here and get back to the real thing.
4 Went here today and very much enjoyed my lunch.    I shared with my husband and we had the shrimp burrito red enchilada style and the fish burrito the same way.  Both super tasty.  The burritos were actually fairly light, not a heavy lunch like a typical burrito from most Mexican restaurants.  The red sauce was very good as was the texture and taste of the tortilla.  The shrimp and fish were excellent, very fresh tasting.  The burritos came with rice which was very good and a little side salad of lettuce, tomato, and cucumber with some cheese sprinkled on it, the veggies were all very fresh and crisp.  We also had the shrimp ceviche and it was very good as well.   The salsa that comes with the chips was also tasty.  It was not spicy, which I like, but for those looking for some spice you won't find it in the salsa that came standard.  Only thing I wasn't impressed with was the iced tea, very weak and tasted a little dirty.  But hey, next time I'll get a margarita instead!  I liked the atmosphere, felt like being in Mexico.  The service was friendly but a little slow, also very authentic Mexico!  Overall, definitely recommend it!
4 OMG; they were right in prev reviews; it is going to a small Mexican beach restaurant. I cant believe we got a dozen oysters on the half shell for only $10.  Of course, we were lucky we went on a Friday, during their happy hour time; First visit, not the last for sure.  Everything we ordered was delicious.  And, the free cup of soup, called the 7 seafood soup was great!!! Do try the shrimp tacos , as Hubby loved them,, and he is not a big tortilla fan. I want to try other  items, so we will be returning;  The prices are very reasonable, and the staff who served us was great. And, of course, I ended my meal with the Fried Ice Cream; it was awesome. The place was clean, and cheery inside,  and they even sold some seafood at the back of the eating area.  Not a lot of custom when we were there, but people should absolutely try it, Ole !!
2 This place not recommend, food was cold, rice was soggy, lettuce wilted, and beans runny.
1 Everything was bad. From the sticky Spanish rice, to the tap water, to the cold food (that was supposed to be hot), to the service.  Will not go again!
3 Actually, sometimes this place is a four..or a five, but overall I'd give it a three.  Anywho..  I tend to come here often.  We first came here because we had eaten at San Carlos Bay three times that past week and decided to give another mariscos place a try.  With each meal you get a small bowl of chips (more than one bowl will cost you extra).  I'm not a fan of the salsa, but I eat it anyway.  It's mostly liquid and a little spicy for me, and I think it has the consistency of that Chinese soup I don't know the name of.  I've ordered several different things, such as the camarónes al mojo de ajo (shrimp in garlic sauce), which isn't the best, but if you take out the shrimp, eat them separately, and then mix the sauce, rice, and beans together you get a strange concoction of awesomeness.  I've also ordered ceviche tostadas, which are good but HUGE (two was too many), as well the shrimp soup (caldo).  This was very good.  My husband tends to order the whole baked snapper pretty often (it's cheaper here than at San Carlos Bay, if you're into whole fish...), and sometimes they'll top it with shrimp for free.  The BEST thing about this place is that they often (but not always) will give you each a free appetizer.  You usually get a choice of either seven mares soup or a tiny bowl of ceviche, both of which are good with the chips.  I will say though, that before I started coming here I used to HATE soup.  Somehow the seven mares appetizer soup has turned me onto other soups (the shrimp soup here, same thing but less seafood, Japanese udon, and the lagman at Golden Valley Uzbek).  If you come on a Friday (and probably Saturdays, as well), you'll likely encounter karaoke night, which is often entertaining.  Unfortunately, this is also the reason for three stars.  Several times the karaoke was so loud we couldn't talk to each other and had to sit there awkwardly staring at the television.  Other times, though, the volume is totally fine.    This place also has a bar to sit and watch a game, and sells raw fish and other seafood as well (including ceviche) that you can just take home to cook.  Another mention is that the service is usually a little too good.  Checking on us every three minutes good.  But that's definitely better than never and the waitresses are always nice and helpful ;)   I think they have pretty good happy hour specials here, but we're never in time for them.  Someday I'll try a margarita.
3 Meh...it's cheap.  It's close to me.  It smells like the ocean in here (yes, fish....).  Cheap beers and drinks.  I might have had a couple of margaritas so this rating and review could be seriously flawed.  Worth a visit if you like the ocean and like to eat its inhabitants.
3 We went here one day, just the husband and I. It was okay. Maybe I didn't order the best thing on the menu, but the fish tacos were not impressive. We did get a free cup of soup which was pretty cool. I ate mine with the chips. It's close to my house, so it's easy. We might go here again, but I'm not sure.
5 El Pacifico is my 'go to' for Mexican seafood.  I will warn you now, if you're not familiar with 'street' mariscos places, then you might not be happy with this place.  It sells seafood by bulk, and fresh fish and shellfish, and so it has the scent of the business.  It's also 'down home', with vinyl checked table cloths and inexpensive tableware.  There's also TV and music, which can be loud sometimes.  But the food is muy bueno!  The seafood has always been invariably fresh and top notch.  I will even order oysters here without even a second thought.  I especially recommend the 'el pacifico' style.  The campechanas are 1st rate.  If you like Mexican seafood and go here for it, I think you will be VERY happy with this place.  It's a family run joint, and serves families...so if you're allergic to kids beware.  The folks here are attentive, the service is pretty good almost all the time.  The other patrons are often pretty friendly too, and on more than one occasion I've been sent drinks from other family parties, and returned the favor, too.  They have a good bar here too, with an excellent selection of tequilas.  But be aware that some 'American'  cocktail standards aren't normal in this kind of context, so don't be too picky if you order an Old Fashioned or a Rob Roy....  But the standard Mexican types have been perfecto!  So if you know Mexican street seafood..and that's what you're after, I give this place the full 5 stars.
1 Super noisy place, you cant enjoy food, the guy who's at charge of sound barely cares, also you can hear while he is messaging from his computer, and they charge extra fee on everything! (Seasonings and chips). So doubleck first is not bad idea.
4 We ordered the mega dish!  I can't describe it but included fried whole fish, fried fillet of fish octopus oysters on the half shelf with ceviche topping and 3-4 different varieties of shrimp.  My brother also ordered a carne asada burrito and loved it!  We will be back.
