5 As I finished a nine mile ride, it dawned on me that I hadn't reviewed the store that enabled the experience. Performance Bicycle is a great place to shop for any cycling need.  As we entered the store I was surprised by the size and selection this store offered. Bikes, apparel, accessories, training, snacks, anything related to riding seemed to be on display. Lance approached us and started asking us questions to find out what type of riding we were planning on doing; thus the best bike for our needs.  Narrowed down the type of bike we were interested in and test rode the selection. The model and size of my bike had to be ordered and waited five days for delivery.   The delivery wasn't a problem what so ever. I was notified when it shipped, when it arrived at the store and was asked to schedule a pick up time.  When I picked up my bike, I took another test ride and a few adjustments were made. I joined the Performance Team and received 10% of the purchase price in merchandise - hello helmet and lock!  As part of the Performance Team I am notified of store specials and clinics that are offered for free.  The service, selection, and clinics offered make PB a great place for your cycling needs.
1 I have been shopping at the Peoria, AZ store since it opened. Their prices are usually OK, but it doesn't seem like a real bike shop. They have quite a bit of product, but I think most enthusiasts will find it bland. Anyway, the reason I'm writing this review is because I am unhappy with their customer service. They have what they call a Performance 100% Satisfaction Guarantee. This is from their website: Performance guarantees 100% satisfaction with every product we sell. If an item does not meet your expectations, just send it back and we will promptly replace, refund, or credit your account - whichever you prefer.  I bought a pair of their Century Gel bibs a while back (BTW, I don't recommend these), and the pad was stiff and the edges of the pad are not finished, so it was causing blisters. I asked to exchange them for a pair of their Ultra bibs (which I do recommend for their comfort and low cost), but they said it had been too long since I bought the Century bibs. The had literally been worn twice because of the comfort issues. Nowhere in their 100% guarantee does it say anything about time, so I feel they should have replaced the bibs. I ended up taking the pad out, and I use them for any rides under 50 miles. The second issue I have is with a Garneau seat bag. One of the straps came off the bag while riding, and the bag dropped into my rear spokes locking the wheel up. It burned a hole through the rear tire, which was brand new. I took them into the store, and they replaced the bag, but would not help with the tire. The guys comment was, "I see stuff fall off peoples bikes all the time on the trail." I guess my first clue should have been the fact that he didn't recognize the difference between a road wheel and a MTB wheel. Anyway, the issue isn't that things fall off peoples' bikes, but that your product fell off someones bike, caused damage to their property, and could have resulted in a serious injury. I think most establishments with actual customer service would have gladly offered to replace the tire also, realizing that their product could have resulted in a cracked skull or something. Anyway, their products are OK, prices are pretty good, but I will be shopping at the more expensive LBS because to me, it's worth a little bit more to get good service.
5 Good knowledgeable bunch of employees! Everyone is helpful, and will work within your budget. Definitely recommend PB.
5 Stopped in to see if they could check out the brakes on my Trek Hybrid bike. They didn't hesitate to give me a helping hand.  In addition they invited me to see if I wanted to learn how to adjust the issue.  I jumped at the chance and there was no charge.    Pleasant, helpful staff = win! Will definitely return.
1 All I asked the guy to do was look at a frame that I'm considering doing work on. Took 3 hours , they never looked at it. I had to come back and get it myself. This guy moved from 75th avenue and thunderbird to this location. The owner and the employees have a bad attitude. I brought in a NEXT brand bike , and obviously it didn't merit their time or money.   If you want better service Go to Exhale Bikes , 31st ave & Bell road.
1 We stopped in there last Sunday, my wife was going to purchase a bike.  We spent approx 15 min's inside.  We received very little help in purchasing a bike.  We left and went else where you lost a sale.
4 Stopped by here for a set of new tires for the beach cruiser. We walked in and  were greeted by a very helpful employee named Scott. He helped me figure out which tires and tubes will work best for me. He also recommend a tube protector that has worked great for me! I also appreciated the YELP! deal, it saved me $6! Thanks!
1 Stopped in to purchase another bike. I was asked can I help you I replied That I am looking for another bike he repeated can I help you...... once again I replied that I am looking for another bike he never came out from behind the counter nor ask for someone else to help me. So a few minutes gone by I was hanging out near the counter next to the front door waiting for help next thing he said was Have A Nice day so I left
5 I brought my husband in to buy a new mountain bike for Christmas. The salesmen were great about answering his questions, and the mechanic took time to make sure the bike was ready to go. We were very impressed by the company's guarantee and  loyalty program. It really can't be beat! Plus, their price on the bike beat others we had looked at with the same features.
