2 i am so disappointed with this place. they consistently do a half a--ed job. after many disappointing visits i decided no more wasting money on crappy car washes from there. alas, i ended up with a free car wash (fill up your gas tank 9 times, get a free wash!) so i gave them another chance. upgraded it to the vip (the "best") wash for $8 more. also had the floor mats shampooed at $1 each. the floor mats were filthy when the car went in and spotless when they were replaced in the car - what a bargain! if only the rest of the car turned out the same.   when returned to me a good 40-45 minutes later, the inside of my little car was still quite dirty, a good amount of dog hair remained, and the center area where the cupholders, change tray and gear shifter are weren't wiped down. let me tell you, there was definitely reason to clean those areas. danny's started the job, but never finished, and lucky me! i got to spend more time on sunday to complete cleaning my car. i paid $12, but should have paid $22. at either price this remains a very poor value.
2 We have probably spent well over a thousand dollars at this particular location And have never been really happy with the wash or the staff, we go there for convience and I'm to lazy to wash my car. We had a free wash coming and the girl at the counter counted all the stamps and even questioned one. Then for the 2nd time they did not wipe a visable spot on the trunk mat.And for the upteenth time they messed with our seat positions and our mirrors. Who runs this place? Someone please build a good fairpriced carwash by our house, please!!!!
3 I used to visit this location out of convenience, but I'd have to agree w/ the other reviewers.. the end result is mediocre. My rear view mirrors usually have really bad streaks, they don't spray my car w/ the request car freshener and my seats & mirrors are usually messed with.
4 I have used several Danny's car washes around the valley but just recently moved to the Happy Valley area. So far my experiences at this location have been good. They always seem to do a nice job on my car. The price is fair and I like how its full service. I went to try out Clean Freak and it was ok but for only $3 more at Danny's your car is vacuumed and dried off for you. It seems like a no brainer.    I also enjoy shopping in their lobby while I wait . My kids are always entertained. They get to watch the cars go through the wash from inside. They also enjoy all the fun toys. In addition the place is always spotless. The restrooms are so clean. I have been to other car washes and they always appear dirty.
3 Danny's Car Wash does a decent job washing and cleaning my car. I would probably go there more often if I didn't have to fend off the endless barrage of upselling. "Only two dollars to dress your tires; only $89.95 for a detail", etc.  I have to psych myself out ahead of time to keep saying "No Thank-You, the basic wash is all I want today". Or thinking, shit I have to go through the spiel today because I can't stand my dirty car anymore. I've certaintly been too lazy to seek out alternatives, but I feel I am now sufficiently motivated to find another car wash vendor.
4 great location, service and a very clean store area. every time I come in here though,  It costs me $63.69 + beer and 5 hour energy.... :'(
1 I'm done.  For years I've put up with Danny's crap because I get a wash with an oil change:  no more.  I can't handle their upsells or lack of professionalism any longer.  Danny's has screwed up so many things over the years I feel like an idiot for going back.  They've botched windshield repairs (it wasn't properly sealed and had to be re-done), left the oil cap off on my engine after an oil change (requiring a degreasing during which they subsequently broke the hydraulic hood prop which held the hood up once opened), dinged my car and consistently done a terrible job on the wash (I left today with bugs all over the front bumper). The kicker came today when I asked them to change the air filter.  I was watching as the tech took the dirty filter right back to my car and started to reinstall it....another tech happened to look up and see me supervising and quickly ran over to get a new filter.  Infuriating.  I'll be going to Fletchers from now on.
1 Crappy wash....happened to be the last car of the day and they were in such a hurry they didn't even wipe off the console. New ding in my door that I got a shrug and a "not our problem" excuse for. Like an idiot I dropped my cell phone somewhere from the bench to my car and even thought it was only employees left....somehow no one found the phone. Give me a break..my problem to be sure...but I appreciate integrity in the people I deal with and this is clearly not the place to get it.
3 Warning: 1)don't offer full price for a detail, expect $150-$165 for the works (they will start you around $185 offer and come down).  2)don't take the "free windshield". It's a poor job, prob will need resealed, they overcharge your insurance and you'll see it in premiums.  Not to mention, a repairable chip doesn't always warrant total replacement.  3) watch them detail your vehicle - make it obvious you are watching - otherwise steps (like buffing) will likely be skipped. Just remember, Danny's out to make a buck, car wash sales people make a commision and the team of workers doing the wash/detail are probably underpaid - not a great combo.
2 This is an "ok" place to get your car done.  Everything is super expensive. I bought a new car a couple weeks back, and it's time to get it cleaned up. I brought it in to Danny's, but I wasn't impressed with how much they charge.   It's not necessary to charge $18 for a full service wash in North Phoenix. Come on, guys. Get with the program. I know Danny is going bankrupt and all, but still. I can get a fancy car wash in fancy Scottsdale for $10. Almost half the price.   The service was nothing great here either. I'm certain that this is not an E-Verify employer either (aka everyone working here might be illegal).  I probably won't come back.  Sorry Danny. Not worth the price.
3 Like any Danny's it's pretty generic. As soon as you pull up, you're harassed by the glass workers, then the oil guy, then they finally give you your ticket.   Now if you're into Chinese knock-offs this is the spot to be! They have everything ranging from Toy cars to "Mighty Morphin power z team" action dolls. CHILDREN are NOT ALLOWED to touch the toys. They have cards,  a crap load of them and they also offer generic engine maintenance stuff.    Originally I was only going to give them 2 stars but they do have a kick-ass fish tank. The fishes are bad cool. They even have one of those puffy fishes.  Once you pay, you can usually go stand outside and watch the guys that work there curse at each other in Spanish, it's a great show!  All in all, they do a decent job at washing you car. DO NOT come here expecting a perfect job, but if you just want your car to look cleaner than usual then this is the place to be!
4 I've been coming to this location since it opened and they always do a decent job.  This trip I also had my oil changed and I was in and out in under an hour.
4 Been coming for over 3 years now. A good wash and clean. Always need to point out a couple thing when claiming the vehicle. Not perfect... but satisfactory.  TIP - Always buy the packages (7 for 5, etc). While you pay for all the them upfront, your savings FAR outweigh what you would pay over 6-8 months. Saves me almost $150 a year for my car washes (2 vehicles).
1 On Tuesday, 3 July 2012, I took my car to Danny's for a car wash on Happy Valley and when I got it back it had a DENT in the driver's door. (HOLY HELL, BATMAN) They refused to take car of it....It was very noticeable, because it was the only DENT on my new car.   THEY HAVE LOST A LONG TIME CUSTOMER. I HAVE BEEN A CUSTOMER SINCE THEY FIRST OPENED THAT LOCATION.  I'm not going to even use the convenient store.  They take no responsibility for any damage that happens to your vehicle.  I'll wash my own car from this point forward.  USE DANNY'S AT YOUR OWN RISK!!  DON'T SAY YOU WEREN'T WARNED.   Too bad they don't have TERRIBLE'S in AZ, like they do in Vegas.  I'll use the new Circle K store on Happy Valley and 19th Ave.
1 I have used Danny's for 30 years.  I have used this location since it opened a few years ago.  I have to say, it is absolutely horrible.  There have been many instances of the car not even being vacuumed but in this latest incident all four of my floor mats were taken.  When I called to recover them....gee..they just weren't there.  I didn't notice they were missing until I got home as I was late for an appointment.  The mats were there when I pulled in to get it washed and gone when I next stopped.  Who do you think took them?  I called the corporate office.  They COULDN'T HAVE CARED LESS!!!!!!!!!   After a long relationship, I will never used Danny's again.
1 THEY DESERVE ZERO STARS!  Unfortunately, that's not an option.  I've never seen a business that provides such HORRIBLE customer service.  Danny's has the worst car wash service in the valley.  I would rather wash my own car or pay a mobile detailer, before giving them another penny.  After they dented my car and then wouldn't take care of it, I will NEVER visit another Danny's Family Car wash or convenient store.....Everyone if you really need a convenient store you should visit the Newer Circle K on Happy Valley and 19th Ave.
2 First the one positive and the ONLY reason I'm giving more than one star: I had my window tinting done here a couple years ago and they did a pretty good job. No bubbles and no fading. Still looks great. Make sure you get good quality tint; you get what you pay for.  Now the bad: this place is a horrible car wash. First you have to deal with the salesmen constantly trying to push glass replacement and oil changes on you. Sorry, but if you can't even wash a car correctly, why would I let you fix my car? Also, gas at other stations nearby is usually cheaper compared to the wash pump prices here. Once they put gas in my car without me asking or needing it. Of course I was an idiot and just paid for it, which is exactly what they want.  It's nice that they have a padded rail inside the wash. It'd be even better if it worked. Got a nice scratch on my rim last time I was here. Gotta say that the employees that work the register are pleasant. However if you're going to offer a free car wash every x visit, and you count the washes by license plate number, PUT MY PLATE IN TO THE COMPUTER THE SAME WAY EVERY TIME! They put my plate in differently every time I'm here.  The back end is equally as bad. It is very obvious that management here is strongly pushing speed over quality. Nearly every time I'm here my satellite radio holder is ripped out of it's mount with the wires going everywhere, and the vents and rear view mirrors are all over the place. The interior is marginally clean and usually has a funky smell. A few months ago they left some sticky residue on the left mirror of my truck that would not come off with multiple Windex applications. Had to wash the whole truck to get it off!  So yeah, basically don't waste your time or money.
5 I like Danny's!  I used to go here a lot when I lived in Phoenix years ago and stopped back in last week for my first time after moving back a month ago.  Still great customer service and easy.  You can get gas, food, snacks, your windows tinted, oil changes and car washes.  Their car washes are great.  For about $15  you can get it sprayed, ran through the wash, and detailed almost to perfection.  It's a smooth process and my Jeep looked like it was brand new.  This is definitely a must-stop if you need a car wash.  I did have my windows tinted a few years ago at the Happy Valley location and they did an excellent job.
1 Go somewhere else. I literally did a better job myself before my car got dirty. They should change the name to Danny's Terrible Wash. They missed obvious spots, I told the front desk about it and they said to come back for a complementary wash...why would I come back when I'm already there? They fixed the spots they didn't clean but I had to hunt down the supervisor to make sure they did a good job. Stayed there an extra 45 minutes at least...NOT WORTH IT!
2 I guess this place is just "meh."  Not terrible, but there are more consistent car washes to be had.  On some visits things look great, and on some they leave obvious problems.  After my most recent visit I got home to find big clumps of mud still stuck to the steps and flaps on my truck--how can anyone miss that?!?  The price is on the higher end of usual, so I expected more.  I have one more pre-paid wash coupon and won't be back after that's used.
5 Fast & efficient!  I go there anytime I can!
3 Fast and efficient although I would say I hardly ever have a supurb car-wash at this place even if I get the works. I always feel rushed to leave so when I end at my final destination I have to do a once around and get all little bits they missed myself.  I would still say they do an adequate job especially since my car is always really dirty by the time I take it in... plus they are good about putting coupons out into the market so keep an eye out for them and save a few more bucks.  And don't forget to tip the guys washing your car... it's hot and humid outside and they appreciate it.
1 Grace is extremely unprofessional. Answered her cell phone while dealing with customers to talk to what sounded like a CPS employee about a child.   Later in the day I was called and asked to come back and pay more knee because Grace did not charge me correctly. I will never go back to this establishment.
4 My car was really dirty and I took it here and it ended up pretty clean, success. They did pretty good.
1 ** NO ONE USE THIS PLACE** Drive to another Location*** I Want to speak with someone regarding an issue at The Happy Valley Location. I Just went in there about 20 mins ago and got a VIP car wash for the 6th time on my 2012 White Audi S4. Each time i went they did a half job after i spent my $ on washing my car and the first couple times. The very First time i went there they hit my car with another car with their door and left a ding on it.   I just had the Not clean the inside because each time I found trash on the seat and Not even clean or whipped down. Today I got the Vip Wash and it was dirty from all the monsoon weather. I let them clean the entire and hoping they would do it correctly.  Today, I got the VIP wash, and I took the Rugs out for them to Vacuum and still There was Mud on the sides of the cars and the back. There was Trash on the inside and I told the guy to please clean it up and all he did was blow it around in there and the trash was still in the car and his response to me "are you done'. So annoyed after coming to this location and never complained after the first 5 times or more and just let it go because I work in retail.  SPoke with Grace at the Front register and She sent Juan to me. He asked what what was wrong and I told him, And He did not APOLOGIZE to me, All he said where is your car we will do it again. I told him no and i want my money back or a car wash at another location because i don't want anyone to touch my car here again. He told me NO, I will not give your money back and no to a car wash. I asked to speak with his boss and he told me He was the boss and gave me a card.  I need to speak to someone about this and want my $22.oo buck back and I gave them a tip.
4 I like this place.  Yes it's quick but I think it's thorough. I've never been to a car wash before that blows the water out of the side mirrors and window trim so when you are driving down the road the water isn't streaming across the windows.    I hate washing my car and if I have to pay $15 to have this place do it, so be it.
2 I've been using this Danny's location for six years and am telling you it's the worst it's ever been. Since recently being forced to get rid of a highly efficient and proficient crew due to some immigration status problems, this location seems to have hired people without the previous crew's sense of urgency, pride of workmanship, and highly efficient routine.  Some of them look like they were just released by Sheriff Joe and got the job as a condition of their parole. I personally witnessed a near miss when the gas nozzle was left in the fill spout as the attendant handed the driver his ticket and let him begin to drive forward to be vac'd.  I had to yell for the driver to stop.  They have some guy driving the cars to be washed wearing a plain white t-shirt so you can't tell if he's an employee or not...and this guy is downright rude to the customers. Back on the drying side, they don't have a routine.  Cars sit in the sun and dry with water spots because nobody is pulling cars forward or doing the initial dry to avoid spotting. The folks doing the drying, cleaning the glass and wheels, etc act like they are in slow motion, no sense of hurry up. Because they don't have a routinue, several aspects of cleaning the car often are missed and have to be pointed out by the car owner. Danny's Family Car Wash needs to figure this out quickly before they ruin a very good business.
1 They are getting worse and worse. Rude, no sense of urgency, unprofessional....sometimes I can't believe people pay for this crap. Last time I was there; I swear my car was worse after the "wash". Ever since they got rid of their regular employees it's been terrible to say the least.
1 Absolute worst place ever! I actually went back three separate times, and each time the car was barely cleaner than when I brought it in. I went yesterday (9-20-13). I got the works and ended up with no air freshener, no tire dressing, and the wax crayon that they write on the car with was still on it!! Will never take any of my cars there again! This place is a waste of time and money!
1 I have been to this car wash numerous times and have never been impressed. I gave them the benefit of the doubt that next time it would be better more than once. Yesterday I dropped my car off for an interior detail and a works car wash that I had previously purchased. My seats and carpet looked good but everything else looked horrible. They hadn't even washed it! I said something and walked away to sit down and they were supposed to rewash it. When I can back it looked like they had just run a towel over it. There was dirt and fingerprints everywhere. My six year old could have done a better job! I called the manager and he said to bring it back in so I went in today. They did a little bit better but not much. They missed all kind of things in the interior and on my windows. You think for the amount of money I spent I would have a sparkling clean car. I will never take my business to the and would much rather drive out of my way to actually have a good job done.
1 Paid $199 for a complete detail for my truck and very unhappy.  They looked at it when I came to pick it up, and agreed the job was done poorly, and asked me to bring it back in.  They did not even buff the top of the cab!.  Well, no improvement 2nd time around.  I'm not going back for a 3rd time, they got my money, and the only satisfaction I can get is to write this review!  I will not go back!
1 I would give the place 0 stars if I could. I've been going to this location for nearly a year and up until their recent raid "troubles", I was pretty satisfied with their work. Since the huge turnover of people working the towel area, they can't seem to get a car cleaned properly. In the last 2 weeks I've gone twice; once for a VIP wash, the 2nd time for an express. The VIP wash was a joke. After my car sat in the sun drying for almost an hour, they started wiping it down and it honestly looked like they were cleaning it with Vaseline. The car was covered in streaks and smears and the guy working on it tried to make it off like something was wrong with the car. The car is less than 3 months old and brand new cars don't generally have greasy finishes. Frustrated, I finally left with my dirty, streaky car.   Went back again a few days ago for the Express and while the wait wasn't as bad, my car didn't look any cleaner than when I went in. At this point, I won't bother going back there. There are better car washes in the Valley and the fact that Danny's was the closest to my apartment is no longer worth the hassle of paying for a crappy car wash.
4 A very clean mid-range wash and decent customer service despite being a bit heavy on the up-selling, but where else can you watch TV and stare at a fish tank while you wait for you car to get cleaned?
2 Used to be really good. They've had a big turn over in personnel and now you have to go all over the car and check. It takes twice as long. Today it was over an hour
1 I used to go there for years, the service was always mediocre to say the least but I had a discount so paying $6 for a car wash was pretty sweet. Lately (since the "raid") they are just terrible and I would give them a big fat 0 if I could. They laugh at you, your car ends up dirtier than when you brought it in, they are slow, they tried to up sell you even when you are clear that you only want a wash. Even if you decide to go for the expensive option of the wash....guess what, they will wash it the same as the cheap version. They used to polish cars in the sun.....this kills the paint. This place sucks......NEVER again!
1 I haven't been back to this location for probably 2 years as they did a bad job the few times I had gone back then.  I decided to try again today and it is still the same poor quality car wash.    I could probably find some local 10 year olds that would do a better job.   My dashboard had one swipe across so you can see all the dust on the rest of it.  And the exterior still had bugs and stuff still on the front.    They really need to focus on attention to detail.
1 I gave this place a 2 nd chance and never should have!! Since the raid, you can expect at least an hr wait! Horribly slow! They did a bad job on the inside as I watched them vacuum from the inside of the business. My back hatch door was never opened and vacuumed nor did they wipe the inside of my doors.  We send all of our corporate cars there but that is changing as of today!!!  This place needs new management and workers who are more detailed.  Danny's has just lost a lot of business with us! The only reason I gave it 1 star is the write up guy Ricardo was the best !
1 I had it give them 1 star because I didn't know how to give them 1/2 a star.  I took my small SUV in to get the "VIP" package. They said it would be 1/2 hr and kept trying to sell me ad dons like carpets cleaned and seats treated. I declined the extra and said we were running to lunch and be back to get. We did indeed have lunch at red robin. It took about 40 mins for us to walk there, eat and come back. When we got back my SUV still was not done so we waited another 10. When we got in we noticed that they barely vacuumed and that the extra I paid for there interior dressing was really not worth it, especially when they missed large spots so it looked even worse then before they started. Anyway, I though  that I would give them another try and bought it back 1 week later for the "Works" treatment.  We'll. I'm not sure what, they think the works is, but I had to point out multiple places on the outside of the vehicle that looked like they weren't even washed.  Let's not even go over the inside.  I was out of time and patience and tipped the guy (I don't know why) and left.  In the meantime my husband needed his extended cab truck cleaned.  We dropped it off for the "VIP" treatment once again and told them we would be back in about 3 hours so they had enough time to do a trough job. I dropped my husband off and headed out. He met me at the Resteraunt fuming. When he walked up to his truck (that was parked in the sun right by the store where everyone could see) and all he saw was that it looked like they pulled it right from the wash to dry in the sun. Missing spots is an understatement.  Apparently they don't do wheel wells, get off bird poop or bugs and Crome is something that you should streak. The interior was a disaster. Yes the truck was dusty when we dropped it off but for some reason when you pay extra for the interior dressing once again, all they hit is a spot or two on the back seat, part off the dash and no interior windows.  Oh and apparently you don't vacuum me gum wrappers when you vacuum?   We put 1 intent illy on the seat and they didn't even get that.   I asked my husband to take it back but unfortunately he needed it for work. I took pictures of the "job" and went back to talk to the manager. When I told him what we endured on our vehicles he said that we never should have left when we weren't happy with the job.  I did mention that the truck was left for 3 hours and I thought that especially where it was parked if someone walked by and saw how bad it was that they would grab a rag and clean some more. He said "oh you were the white truck"?  Yes and was wondering why it was so over looked (including by him who obviously saw it parked there). I told him I've been a customer for some time and that I've never had such a bad job done 3 times in a row. We'll he said that I should imagine losing all my employees at once and trying to retrain (I told him we have many employees)   I did tell hi I understood. However. It thought myself that we don't employee illegal employees and never would but I didn't say that. Anyway. He did say that if I bought our vehicles back and mention his name they would re-clean. I thanked him and went on my way. I told my husband that they would try to re-clean and he said he will never take a vehicle back to that car wash even if it was free.  I don't usually write bad reviews but I'm just hoping more people will read before they go and not use Danny's carwash and waste their money like we did.
1 Lousy cleaning from start to finish. The vacuum guy literally opened each of the four doors and stuck the nozzle inside for no more than 4 seconds.  Wipe down was done poorly as well. Besides not cleaning the inside glass, the same rag went from tires and wheels to my interior door panels. Like I really wanted muddy streaks on the inside!!!  Lazy, maybe untrained employees speaks to poor management practices.
1 I used to LOvE this place.... It's was quick, efficient, and great customer service.  We went today to get our car washed.  There was a long wait for what seemed like ten cars.  the staff were arguing about which car is which, the managers didn't  handle the situation... The car looked worse than when we brought it in.. They didn't vacuum. Properly. Thanks to the "raid" this place went downhill... Not coming back...
3 I've been to quite a few of their locations, and I usually am quite pleased. While the quality of the wash was the same, the speed was drastically decreased. This has happened more than one time, so, if you are short on time and are in need of a quick car wash, I would advise against going to that location.
2 Since all the illegal aliens were made to leave service stinks. I got the works this week and they did OK on the outside but they didn't touch the inside at all. Coupled this with their recent price increase, I will be looking for a new place.
4 This place is good, I have no complains, I've got countless car washes here, an oil change, transmission fluid and flush flitter and change and the price was fair. The employees are nice and friendly. Nothing bad to say.
4 They missed a couple little spots, but otherwise it was a pretty great job. The employees were all friendly (except for one of the vacuumers at the beginning) and made certain I was satisfied before I drove away.
1 DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!!  I also used to love this location but thanks to sheriff Joe and the RAIDS this car was is now a Joke!  Watched three different employees clean the same two passenger windows on my civic?  Part of the reason is the three guys who were "working" the lane my car was in seemed more concerned with a bag of snacks and who was going to have a smoke next.  This place has taken a horrible turn and gone way down hill...I also watched two employees argue about the order in which the vehicle is to be dried and cleaned, the management didn't seem to care at all and the new employees that they've hired are SLOW AND LAZY!  Thanks a lot sheriff joe!
1 The worst car wash spot in all AZ.   Just brought my brand new x6 to get washed.  They managed to scratch the hood with a hand wash.  Some convict approaches me saying they didn't do it and that this happens with hand washes. (Btw all they employ are ex convicts since they lost their hard working illegals). So I payed extra for a hand wash for these pricks to scratch my hood????   BEWARE DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!
1 Horrible job last time, gave them another try and told them up front that the vacuuming last time was bad. At the end there were still crumbs on the cup holder and the black leather seats. Finger marks all over my visor. Takes forever, which would be fine if they are doing a good job. They aren't.
2 While my car was washed, the cleaners got a little carried away with whatever oil spray they were using.  There were oil streaks all over both the interior and exterior of the vehicle.  The vacuum job was also shoddy at best.  Needless to say I ended up washing my vehicle myself for a second time to clean up their mistakes.
1 Dropped my car off for window tint oil change and a works car wash at 1pm guy said it would take two hours and he would call me when it was done....6pm rolls around still no phone call drive up to Danny's to find my vehicle parked under a carport with all the doors unlocked!!  To make things worse there was no window tint on the car and it was just as dirt as when I dropped it off.   This was Danny's absolute last chance to fix things but once again they have screwed me!  Fuck Danny's car wash if you like long lines and retarded employes then this is your place but I will not be returning to this location!
1 Beware getting any deals you are offered as you are waiting in line at this car wash.. the guy that came up to my car.. said a great deal.. he would shampoo my carpets and seats and scotch guard them all while throwing in the works carwash all for $40.. a great deal he said... marked off the ticket and I signed it was ok .. noting the total at the bottom of the ticket said $40 bucks.. shoved it in my purse.. paid for it at the cashier.. but guess what.. he only marked carpet cleaning on the actual ticket.. for $24... so what was the other $16 for to make the total $40??  Not one other thing was marked and they did not do anything other than the carpets.. The works was noted for free so it wasn't the lousy car wash they gave me that cost the extra $16... this guy lied to my face and I made him sign off on a slip that they would do the seats for free but I after looking the receipt over I realize this is an dishonest scam being pulled..
1 I waited over an hour, which wouldn't be a big deal if the job was done well. It wasn't. I gave them the opportunity to fix it, and just get the stuff that was missed, and was told I'd need to go back to the beginning of the line and wait all over again. Won't be back.
1 This used to be a decent place to get a car wash, even though it was about 25% more than other typical car washes in the valley. Since the large turnover in staff (due to the raid I guess), it takes 2-3X longer to clean the cars as previously, without any improvement in quality.  After 54 minutes (checking my receipt time) I had to ask the manager to let me get my car and leave before the cacti at my house started dying of old age. The car in front of me took approximately 30 minutes in the final stage of cleaning, before I decided to leave.  It was a larger infiniti SUV but 30 minutes for the last minute touches was pretty ridiculous.  I definitely will not be heading back to that car wash again.  On a side note, regular gas yesterday was $3.37 at Dannys and $3.23 at the gas station at happy valley and 19th avenue.  I believe 14 cents/gallon is the average difference in gas prices between those 2 gas stations if anyone was wondering about cheap gas.
1 One star is one too many.   I went on my lunch break, 12pm; granted it's a busy time, took about 40 minutes. I'm okay with that. The cleaning was subpar. The windows looked like they used dirty water and newspaper to clean them.   I deliberately left a commemorative quarter in one of my cup holders, (gold plated state quarter, not worth anything more than .25 cents), to see if it would be there after the wash. It wasn't...   I will never go back to this location nor another location for that matter. I'll save the over priced, $15 and change it cost for the service and use it at one of their competitors.
1 I wonder which escaped convict is going to try to up sell me today. How hard is it to understand I only want an oil change.   Everyone here had a neck tattoo.... And don't even get me started on that guy that jumps on my hood looking for a crack in my windshield. This place is like the 9th ward of car washes.
1 Will not go back.   Last time I went, they did a very bad job of vacuuming, and the inside windows were not done well at all. Not a huge deal, but I was a little disappointed. (Of course they also tried to sell me an $8 air filter for $40, but that's their game. I've come to expect it.)  This time (their last chance to do a decent job), vacuuming was bad again, crumbs, etc. in the cup holders, grass still on the floor mats. Glass inside was not done well again. But I also paid for the hand wax this time. They did a terrible job. Did not get the wax off in several places, missed spots, overall bad job.  I won't go back and can't understand how they remain in business and busy. Read the reviews!
1 Horrible experience here. Was in a hurry so went for the basic wash. I guess since I chose the lowest grade wash, I can't expect for my exterior to be completely spotless. However I did expect them to rid the fingerprints left by the attendants. Furthermore it looked as if the bumper had not even touched a bit of water.   To add to the already disappointing results, during the wait for my vehicle, I notice an attendant inside my vehicle; he did not seem to be performing any actual work, and so as I walk up to the car out of curiosity, I see the attendant taking it upon himself to fiddle with the navigation system unit and scrolling thru menu options and such. Immediately upon seeing my approach he jumps in a frantic manner guiltily.   End game, I don't appreciate my personal belongings to be toyed with without my given consent. If I task you to do a job, don't be playing with my car. Buy your own BMW if you want to mess around with it.
1 I have been going to this location for years, bringing mine, and my wifes vehicle in.  I have paid for mutiple washes, had windshields replaced, etc..  I recently had my windsheild replaced, which was great.  I then recieved a few free car washes. When I brought my truck in, one of the front line guys sprayed like a ''pre-wash''  soap onto the bumper and mirrors, headlights.  This product ate into the plastic of the headlights and mirrors, and stained them, making a ''spray'' stain on the items.    I spoke to the manager, and nice guy, but told me to come back and they will try and remove it.   I came back a few weeks later, told my story, and the guy I spoke to said no, that didnt happen here, and it would need to be detailed, and he could give me a amazing deal, roughly 70$. which I agreed to do and paid for.  I brought my truck in a few weeks later, left it all day long, came back, and the staining was gone, but still on the mirrors (backside, plastic side)...  I told the manager again, and he said there was nothing he could do. Plus come to find out my floor mats were missing.   I THEN came back again, for another wash, and the whole proccess happened again!,.. same staining on paint..etc...  I spoke again to the manager, and he said I could bring it in some other time and they would see what they could do.   THEN, my wife went in, and the same thing happened to her vehicle!, same staining.  We have not been back since, but are going to call and see what we can get resolved.  Since then, I have been to the location off bell and the 101, near Arrowhead mall, and briefly discussed the situation with the manager at that location, and he instasntly knew what the issue was, before I was finished. He said the soap chemical solution has to be cut 50/50, 50% water, 50% soap, and it was not, and it etched into the paint..  So, long story short, wasted time, wasted money, missing floor mats.
1 I was at Danny's this past Sunday and it was a horrible experience. My car went thru the wash and then just sat there for 40 min; during which employees were just sitting around chatting it up. Once I asked abt it they started on it and it took another 30+ min. Then when I got in to leave the dashboard was still dirty and dusty. I went home and wiped it down bc asking them would have probably taken another 30 min.  I have one wash left of my pass and then I'll be finding another car wash to use.
4 Do a decent job cleaning my car. Usually show th last guy working on my car a few things I want done but otherwise pretty good. They take care of my pickiness and don't have a bad attitude about it.
2 With better on-site management this could be a 4-5 star business. Front end is a joke and poorly managed. Usually 3-5 employees engaged in group chat without a sense of customer service while one guy is doing all the work. Wait times to be greeted and vacuumed are needlessly too long. Back end can be hit or miss but is usually pretty good. Would be better with QC from a manager before vehicles leave. Better utilization of labor that is more oriented to the customer would instantly help this business. Customers who are waiting do not like to see employees standing around chatting, goofing off or wandering aimlessly.
1 I'll start off by saying that I've been to Danny's several times before and they've done a (mostly) decent job washing my car, especially for the price. After my last experience I definitely will NOT be bringing my business to Danny's and DO NOT recommend you do either.   After I left Danny's (on Highland) I noticed I had a big chunk of paint missing from my drivers-side rear bumper. It looks as though it scrapped up against something. The peel was fresh as all the paint had not peeled off. Admittedly, I had already waited almost 2 hours, after being told it would only be about 35 min for a wash and wax, so I was eager to leave and didn't give the car a full inspection before I left the property.   I went back the next day to let the manager, Chris, know what had happened and he was very dismissive about my claim. This was after waiting almost 25 minutes for him to come to the front desk. According to him, all he knew was that I did it myself and was blaming it on them.... sure dude. I don't have proof that anything happened at Danny's but the fact that they weren't willing to investigate was very bothersome.   Moral of the story we've called corporate and they were again very rude and dismissive. Did I mention they hung up on my wife? I don't expect Danny's to look into it and I don't want them to pay for my repair. Just want people to know this is how they treat their customers. Thanks Bye.
3 I am VERY picky when it comes to my car being cleaned, with that being said...  I like that I can have my oil changed here as well as a car wash. The waiting room is nice and has a few small TV's to help pass the time; and you're going to want to park your butt in a good TV location because you're going to be here a long time (especially if you are having both oil change/wash).   It is smarter to come here on a weekday, if you can. On the weekends it can be CRAZY, hence the reason it takes FOREVER. I waited over an hour and a half for my car!   Now down to the part that really matters... Is my car clean? My answer is; Meh, its cleaner... but not clean.   As I stand off to the side watching the person dry my car all I can think to myself is... there's no way that it's done; but yes it is! They yell my make/model and I walk over and already start counting the spots they've missed.  I walk around the car and keep pointing at areas that need to be scrubbed. The hood, the doors, the quarter panel, the trunk, the roof, the widows... really, how did you miss this much? There's still an entire quarter sized bird crap on my window moulding!  I can honestly say I've never had a car wash where my car was 100% spotless.  Oh, Danny's, I always expect more from you.
1 They should have a rating of zero stars.  I play 20 bucks to wait an hour for at best a half clean car.  Stay away!!! Danny must not get his car cleaned here.
1 Service is really really slow. Took over an hour from start to finish. The guy at the end had two speeds. Slow and stop. When he was cleaning the inside he took the are blower to my center console between the front seats and all the crumbs and garbage blew into the backseat where it remand and was not cleaned up. Would not recommend going back.
