4 I've had lunch and dinner at this family owned restaurant and I'm always leaving happy and full.  And it's clean inside, too. The servers are always friendly and have wanted to give recommendations about other dishes to try.  Last night, she told me that fried foods were not actually fattening, so I took that as a cue to devour both my egg roll and deep fried shrimp! It's always made to order so everything comes out hot and fresh.  Aside from the deep fried appetizers, I think this place can actually be a healthy place to eat, too. The dinner entrees with chicken were about $7, beef $8, seafood $9.  Lunch specials were around $5.
4 They are about three minutes from my house, and they have good food! I always get the sweet and sour for my hubby, he likes it. I like the orange chicken, not the best, but good! The crab puffs are good too! The lo mein is really good, especially considering it is Tolleson. Anyone who lives in the area, I recommend it when looking for a Chinese takeout fix.
2 I was craving Chinese, so on my way house from work I stopped in to order take out. Ordered chicken wings, egg flower soup, pork egg foo young, and wok fried chicken. The pork egg foo young and wok fried chicken was too salty. The chicken wings and egg flower soup was OK. I am not sure if I would try it again.
2 Ive been there 2 times and thats about 2 times too many.    Not a big fan.
3 This is not a bad little Chinese food place. It's very clean inside and the employees are friendly. The food is relatively inexpensive and satisfying, even if it's not of mind-blowing quality. It's a good place to hit up on a weeknight when you don't feel like cooking or going broke.
4 Blossom is a great little hole-in-the-wall place to get yummy food and friendly service.  So far, I've only been there three times, but the way they remember their customers, along with their genuine kindness and helpfulness has made an impression upon me.  All three times, I've had takeout. First, the walnut shrimp: breaded, deep fried, juicy shrimp in a rich, creamy sauce, with tons of glazed walnuts and fresh broccoli. The egg rolls are also satisfyingly yummy(nothing special, but good).  Recently, I've been sick, and their wonton soup has been...a blessing. Seriously. A huge container costs around $5, and it's chock-full of savory pork-filled wontons, snap peas, water chestnuts, chicken, shrimp, baby corn, carrots, and onions, all swimming in a delectable broth. Wonderful on a chilly January evening :)
5 Excellent food and service. You can check out their menu in the picture's section on this page and visit and Like their new facebook page!   http://www.facebook.com/pages/Blossom-Asian-Cuisine/116172298411131
3 I'm not one to be super picky about takeout Chinese food from hole's in the wall but this place was super bland.  I cant even remember what I ordered a week later.  I will probably try it one more time and see if its any better.  Place was clean and friendly just not to my liking of Chinese take out.  BUT out here in the south west valley in the oh so lovely town of Tolleson I should be grateful for a restaurant that is not a chain and that there actually is a Chinese restaurant.   Try them of you live out here.  Maybe it was just me.  I wanted to give it a 2 based on the "Meh, I've had better" thing. But I just cant, they weren't awful or anything just not to my liking.
4 The staff is super friendly, the place clean and the food is well priced for what you get.  No, it is not super fancy.  It is filling, fresh and always tasty.  Love this neighborhood joint.  Glad to see they are here to stay!
5 the food is awesome. 5 years here in arizona and never came across decent chinese food. cantonese they specialize in. this gem is tucked away in a small strip mall on lower buckeye road. my family and i enjoy the food and not to mention the staff. you need to try it~ everything is fresh, even the chow fun noodles. great size portion too.
4 Good food, good service!  We go here a lot!
4 I have been driving past this place everyday for the past year and never really gave it any thought.  Friday on my way home I was in the mood for Asian Cuisine so I stopped in and ordered some take out.  I ordered General Tso's Chicken.  When I got home I was pleased.  The Chicken was moist and had a very good flavor.  The only thing I was disappointed in was the rice.  It was a little dryer than I expected but still good.  I think I waited about 15 min to get my food since I didn't call ahead.  It seems to be a popular place; there were people coming to get their orders they called in and others walking in to have dinner.  The staff new the regular customers which made me feel that they appreciate their customers.  For the the amount of food and the quality I'm not going to be going to Panda anymore.
5 Quality food for a really good value.  Had the Walnut Shrimp, crab won tons and the House Soup tonight and everything was great!  I don't usually find myself this far west, but if you are in the area, I would definitely recommend stopping in. Also, call in your order before you arrive and it will likely be ready when you get there.  This place is really quick.
3 Quick service is what they serve in the place. They have great food...but in my opinion just a little overpriced, but then again...I feel like most Asian restaurants are in AZ. The waiter is super friendly and always has a smile on her face.  One thing to keep in mind...if you take any food to-go...and they put the food in this black plastic container...well...even though it says it's micro safe...it's not! Mine melted in the microwave...not cool at all!
5 The food is amazing! Always fresh highly recommend the orange chicken, egg rolls. authentic Chinese food restaurant is very clean and workers are very friendly!
5 Great prices and great food. Love the lemon chicken for lunch.
4 There used to be a Chinese buffet down on Lower Buckeye.  One day, my lovely lady and I were craving some Asian cuisine in a big way.  Going strictly on memory, (which I'll admit is sometimes patchy EXCEPT when it comes to food) the place was quite delicious.  In fact it was the best Chinese buffet I had been to since I'd moved to Phoenix.  So we took a drive down the interstate to stop in for a visit.  Unfortunately, as fate is wont to have its way with Chinese buffets, this one had closed up.  I'm going to blame it on the Triads.  Thoroughly bummed out, we decided we may have to settle for something other than what we craved that day.  Heading back onto the interstate, however, we spied a sign which caught our attention.  Asian?  Seemed like the trip could be salvaged after all!  We were greeted with a cozy aura upon entering the front door.  The wait staff kindly informed us to choose our own seat.  We took a quick look through the menu and decided the best value would be the pick two dinners for $18.  We got Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao chicken.  From order to eats there was a minimal amount of waiting.  The eggrolls were crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside, in other words, perfect.  The soup, though a little on the salty side, was flavorful.  The main course came out on four huge dishes.  I threw together a few spoonfuls of beef and chicken on a bed of rice and dug in.  The flavors were good.  They were much more nuanced than expected.  Normally I assume the food at a Chinese joint is going to be completely slathered in MSG but it was not the case.  The Kung Pao was my preference and although only slightly spicy it had a defining taste that wasn't just salt.  My favorite thing about the whole experience, in my opinion, was the fact that we had so much to take home.  Leftover Chinese at 3AM is always a good idea.  I plan on making regular trips back to this hidden gem now that i've discovered it.  It's great to know there is somewhere with decent Asian cuisine on the western end of the city.  If you live in the West Valley region and want a quality Asian meal at an affordable price, don't pass this place up.
4 5th time and i've been here and its the 5th time they get everything right!!! prices are great. the food is gourmet tasting and the service is on the spot!!!
4 Popped in for a quick lunch and was expecting nothing much.    We got amazing service and wonderfully flavorful food.    I will say, as someone that lived in China for a summer, I am pretty critical when it comes to Chinese food.  This food is definitely Americanized but it hit the spot like nobody's business.   Plus, we didn't even do a happy hour or special and we still thought the food was decently priced.  Maybe because we just moved from Ahwatukee we're used to being ripped off.   Honestly, the front dining room is spotless and the waiters/waitresses are the most attentive (without being annoying) I've ever seen.  They're great.
5 Major success here.  I love it.  We went twice in two days just to make sure it was good and they totally passed!  New favorite Chinese place.
4 Let me start off saying my rating is probably on the favorable side for this place. The food is in the 3-3.5 star range but the price alone is worth an extra star.  The food is like most Chinese places, it's solid but not spectacular. I usually get the lunch combo to go and stick to my favorites like Kung Pao or Orange Chicken. They fit the bill and are tasty if unassuming. The Kung Pao lacks the kick I would like and is a little more runny on the sauce then I like but that is more of preference than taste. A little spicy mustard kicks the kung pao right up. The orange chicken is orange chicken.  Like I said I get the lunch combo which includes an egg roll (pretty decent one too) and 1 crab rangoon along with some fried rice. All that with a fairly healthy size portion of the main course and all that is only $5. So you really can't beat the deal.  I also like the hot and sour soup which is slightly above-par for what you find most places.  On the service side they are quick and friendly. I can call on my way out the door of work and they will have my food ready by the time i get there 5-10 minutes later.  So if you are craving some Chinese for lunch you should probably stop by here, you won't be wow'd but you won't be disappointed either.   P.S. I think it is awesome that they sell NFL Team hats too.
4 It has been quite the challenge to find good Chinese food in AZ. But I love this place. From the customer service to the quality of food, we are never disappointed. I am a huge fan of their fried rice and wonton soup. My 5 year old loves the sesame chicken, and their beef skewers are good. We find that the best value is either the dinner for about 19.99 or getting the food to go. For some reason, we get more to-go than eating there. But either way the quality is good. The servers remember your names and family. They are genuine provide great reasons to return. We eat there about every other week. If you want to try them, go lunch. You cannot beat their prices.
5 Blossom Asian Cuisine is one of my best Chinese Food in town.  The price ranges for their food are phenomenon because is very inexpensive.  Their service has always been amazing.  I would highly recommend this Chinese restaurant for good quality of food (plenty of food) and their reasonable prices.
5 I am a big fan of this place.  They get it right.  Great food, great service, and great prices.  Food is always hot and crispy.  Server is always nice and helpful.
2 Stopped in to see what it was about and the food took 30 minutes to come out despite being the only customer in there. The woman that was working the front was very friendly. Being from Nyc its pretty hard to impress me with Chinese food as grew up with some of the best but this place doesn't compare. Food was very bland I'm my opinion. Well not be back
4 Excellent service every time we go in.  Great food and cheap prices.
4 Got take-out. Very friendly staff, reasonable prices, good food. I will be back!   As I waited for my order, I saw the huge portions they served to dine in guests. It was clean and smelled delicious.
4 Their Hawaiian fried rice is awesome.  I took a chance on this on based on the description our waitress gave me and am glad I had it.
4 Man I've been here about a dozen times since my review and they always amaze me when I order a different dish.  They're so delicious!  Not sure what they do here when food is prepared, my leftovers always taste better than leftovers from other places.  If you're on the westside, give them a chance!
5 Had to update my current review on here. Been going to Blossom for a year now and this is our go to restaurant.  The staff is always so friendly to us and we never have a long wait for food. The food is always consistently top notch. No delivery option but always a great place for pick up/ dine in for those nights that you don't feel like cooking. Walnut shrimp are simply fantastic.
5 I love this place, the food is fresh and authentic. The gals that run the floor are the sweetest, friendly, and helpful. They always make sure that you are completely satisfied when you're dining in or even taking out. My favorites are hot and sour soup, singaporean mai fun, sesame chicken, garlic beef, twice cooked pork, their crispy and spicy garlic shrimp I believe it's called off of the house specials is really good too. Their fried rice is steaming hot and is not too oily/greasy. The portions are fairly big for the price you pay, plus they use fresh, never frozen ingredients. So you pay for the quality of the food as well.
2 Tried this place again after waiting over a year. The employees were some of the friendliest people ever. Still as much as I wanted to like this place the food doesnt cut it for me, I quit halfway through my dinner because it was so bland. I had the shrimp chow mein and general tso's.
4 We called late on Xmas eve and they were going to close early, but thank goodness they were able to accommodate us.  They were more than happy to have our take-out order ready, and fast.  Everything was great and the family was impressed.  We especially liked the Kung Pao Chicken.  Also ordered the Jalepeno Chicken Wings (just ok, a little overcooked), Potstickers (good), and Orange Chicken (yum). Also included in our order were egg rolls (good, would have been perfect if not a little overcooked), fried rice (so-so), steamed rice (fine), and two fried shrimp (yum).  Definitely give them a try!
4 Great and cheap spot for a quick lunch. Lunch menu is worth stopping by and have a short sit down.
5 I've been eating here for over 3 years now. Their food is great and even better when you are able to dine in. I find that Chinese food tends to get soggy when you take out but that's not their fault.   Currently my order of choice is the walnut shrimp. It's fried, covered in a sweet sauce and served with broccoli. My husband always orders Orange beef because he likes his beef fried and crisp (not on the menu).   We make the small trip to tolleson from laveen to eat here!
5 Best Hot and Sour soup EVER! Get the cup, you won't regret it. The woman working there customized my order to fit my vegetarian lifestyle. Highly recommended!
4 What! $5.25 lunch special? Soup, eggroll, wonton, then fried rice and entree? You've got to be kidding me right? Sorry, Charlie, but that is correct!  This sit down Chinese Restaurant is near my school where the majority of teachers get their lunch fix. I joined some of them during a summer planning day. The restaurant is small, but the service is big. You can usually hit or miss with Asian service. Why do I say that? Because I'm Asian. Although they are friendly, smiles all around, and know their repeat customers.  I chose the hot & sour soup. What do I look for in my hot & sour? I'll tell you what I don't like. I don't like watery run down soup. It has to have a level of thickness. It also can't be too hot or sour (obviously). Both flavors need to compliment one another, not overpower. I do like a heavy dose of tofu and veggies as well. As a result, this soup seemed to meet the criteria, and was quite nice to taste.  The eggroll and wonton were not overly breaded, and the crispiness had a nice crunch that did not get messy. I chose the orange chicken for my entree and it hit the spot. The flavor from the sauce was right on, and it was evenly deep fried to provide a subtle crunch that did not take away from the chicken.  Overall, I like the lunch special and service. I don't want to say typical Chinese food, but they are above average at what they do in regards to service and quality of food. I will definitely be back again and look forward to good Chinese food.
3 Hard to find good Chinese. This place was ok. I will say the service was really good, but the food was just ok.
4 My first time here and I have to say really good food. Portions were more than I could handle which I love since that means lunch for tomorrow. I ordered take out and the woman was super nice and triple checked that I had everything and that it was all correct. Place was really empty but it is in an overlooked spot. I'd say a gem I found. Not amazing but very good for the west side and its close to me too. thats a +. Will definately go back again. sweet and sour chicken with dumplings was perfect.  I would say to put up a menu so people can get a good idea of what you offer.
