3 1st to Review-How can this be? A CLASSIC McDonald's @offthestrip at Paradise Rd/Sahara Ave behind the Sahara Casino!  Coolest thing about this location is their collection of McDonald's Happy Meal Toys and the 50's style look & feel.  They have a 50's Chevy out front for taking photos.  Unfortunately the same boring,tasteless food.
3 Out of the thousands of restaurants in Vegas, I had to pick a McDonalds...Well, its a cheap eat. Its right across the Sahara Hotel and its design is like one of those classic type McDonalds back in the 50s, just like Scott D. said below.   There is nothing special about it. I had gone through the drive-thru at 11:30pm. I was a little scared since there was people playing music loud and just hanging around suspiciously. I had to wait 5-7 minutes for the lady to get back to me on the speaker. It wasn't even crowded inside.  Anyways, I ordered 2 McDoubles ($1 each), 2 Hot N' Spicy ($1 each), 2 Bottle Water ($1 each), and 2 Apple Pies (2 for $1), and a Large Iced Tea ($1 each no matter of the size or type of drink). My total was $9.50.  Nothing special about this place besides the classic car who probably has been waiting for service since forever. Oh well, what can you do in the city of sin?!  Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
4 I left the Hilton late last night and I was really thirsty.  This was an easy in/out option for me from Sahara.  I did the drive through and was on my way with a Diet Coke in about 2 minutes.  This is one of the remaining early style McDonald's outlets and there's a classic Chevrolet parallel to the drive through where you can take photos.  Looking through the windows, I could see the interior is also the classic design.  I'll have to go back and sit inside.  Do I see a Shamrock shake in my near future?
4 Food is good as always. Cool design outside and single golden arches make this a cool spot to hit up after the club or gambling on the strip.
2 Mixed up order: forgot fries.  Crispy chicken instead of grilled.  Put mayo in sandwich when asked for it on the side.  Cash only for drive through but accepted credit when dining in...
1 Grabbed quick breakfast ...service was slow and the dining room was filled with the joyful abundance of homeless and just crazy people of Las Vegas. As said before coffee was warm at best, my egg McMuffin without Sausage was cold and greasy!
1 Worst service and food I have ever experienced at McDonald's l have ever been to.  Completely wrong order. Ignored at counter when trying to get corrected and even then wrong order and yet again ignored. You would think they would be sensitive on the third time retuning to get a complete order. But no. And then ignored the fourth time when asking to get access to the bathroom.
1 extremely terrible service. They couldn't get my order right the first time, like seriously how hard is it to get a couple sandwiches right!!
1 Worst McDonald's ever...tweekers "spare changing" freely, some lady threatened to beat another lady's ass, following her around yelling, dirty drink area, etc. The building looks good, as the only good point. I'll never return to this location if I can avoid it!
3 So I'm not usually one to fuss, pretty laid back so if something bothered me then well....bravo. This mcdonalds isn't in the greatest area, I can't fault the employees for that. I can expect that they get some shady characters and they sometimes you have to handle them a little bit more aggressively. Like tonight, customer causing a minor disturbance and was rude, and the girl which appeared to be a manager of some sort was behind the counter and got upset (naturally of course) she went and handled the customer. Waited for him to come out of the bathroom just waiting there while customers including myself were in line. Ok I get it, go handle the customer, go on with your bad self and handle the shituation. Yes I said shit-u-ation. I get it, go handle the stupid idiot. But when there's a line of customers waiting for service you would think you would get someone to cover you instead us waiting 5 minutes or ATLEAST a simple apology saying "I'm sorry I'll be right with you" instead she was cursing and mumbling under her breath. OH and she proceeded to follow him outside, let it go! He left! So another employee finally started taking orders only after telling me she was already clocked out! Unprofessional. Like come on handle the idiot but don't act like one. Rant over. Oh....and my fries are good.
