1 Qdoba's food seems to be well received by many. They have a website that lists nutritional info. They aren't bad price wise. Those three things were a definite plus. I really wanted to like Qdoba. It seemed like a place I could get into... until I tried it.   The Qdoba on E. Town Blvd had just opened and I had never had Qdoba before. I thought it would be a good idea to check it out.   When I walked in, no one was there. It was about an hour and a half before closing, but still... this should have been my first warning. Nevertheless, I found myself standing in front of a smorgasbord of food ordering a Grilled Veggie Burrito. I watched as the veggies and rice made their way into a huge sticky tortilla, then promptly balled up into a "burrito". I say "burrito" because this thing literally looked balled up, not wrapped... it was weird.   I sat down to eat this ball-ritto and the first thing I noticed about it  was the smell. I haven't a clue on how describe the smell, all I can say is that it didn't smell like something that should be put in my mouth. This is the second warning that should have clued me in. But no. I grabbed a fork and proceeded to cut a good size chunk out of the ball-ritto and took a bite.   I have no idea how you can make rice taste bad, but congratulations Qdoba, you did it. You have successfully created the worst tasting rice... actually, the worst tasting "food", I've ever had in my entire life.   I actually took about 4 more bites of hellacious thing before throwing it away. This is coming from someone who will have less than 1/4 cup of Cheerios left in the box and will not throw it away. I hate throwing perfectly good food away. However, I had no qualms doing so in this instance. This was not perfect, nor good, or really even food for that matter.  Never again, Qdoba. Never again.
3 It's mid-priced Mexican cuisine on the fast.  Think of it as the next step up from Taco Bell, but a step down from Pedro's or Chi-Chi's.    Not everything on the menu is a winner, but the pulled pork quesadillas are outstanding and the Mexican gumbo is pretty solid, especially on a really cold day.    I rarely understand the people behind the counter on the first try.  Usually, they have to ask their question two or three times.  I love our Mexican brethren, but they're not too fluent on zee Engrish...  Don't think this place is the be-all, end-all, but it's okay.
2 Thought I would try Qdoba as the interior of the restaurant looked like Chipotle. I brought the 3 tacos home only to find subpar chicken and old rice. The corn salsa had a good taste and kick, but hardly medium spice I was hoping for.   Staff seemed okay.
1 SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS. Cold, terrible food. They give you no meat. They overcharge everything. Employees are rude. No hot sauce. You're better off at Taco Bell.
4 This Qdoba has changed since the earlier reviews. The staff was polite and helpful. My burrito was made exactly the way I asked. It was hot and delicious.
2 The service was pretty terrible. Food was average. My office will have qdoba catered and I usually enjoy it, but dinning at this location was a pretty subpar experience. Staff was clearly agitated and not very friendly. Perhaps this was just a blemish at the location. If we are comparing it to chipotle, I would still rank chipotle higher. Service is better and so is the food.
1 Wow.  I have never seen a bowl of chips and salsa I didn't love (and inhale) but I have seen it now.  I like to think of myself as an burrito joint expert and Qdoba lacked flavor and taste.  It just tasted bland.  The rice was bland, the meat was bland, and the grilled veggies were bland.  The chips tasted bland and just weren't good.  It was a sad day when I had to dispose of the chips because they sucked so much.  Overall the experience sucked.
2 What is it with "upscale" Mexican burrito places skimping on every ingredient? I just don't get it. Visited on 5/24/14 at around 12:30pm.  + Plenty of parking + Clean interior + Well lit; very comfortable  + A few outdoor seats on their small front patio  + Prompt service + Decent quality ingredients + Average taste/flavor; very light on seasonings - very "conservative" - When ordering a $8 burrito, I'd hope they would put more than half-a-scoop of chicken in it... they didn't have any problem slopping 2 full scoops of rice into the burrito, despite my asking for "light rice", yet when I asked for "more chicken, please" the guy literally put one (1) single chunk of chicken in, and then slid the burrito down for more crap (salsa, pico, etc).   - Not a good value - Water glasses are too flimsy to fill from the self-serve tap without collapsing the glass  I would rather visit La Bamba, where they stuff the burritos with high quality meat and sell them for 1/3 less. And, they're local.   We've had Qdoba catering dozens of times at my workplace, and I've always enjoyed it. I had no idea that an in-person visit would yield such a mediocre experience.
