4 The Huntridge Drug Store is a typical old Fashioned drug store with standard items including (of course) a pharmacy. They have a rack that has some outdated (vintage) postcards on it. I give it four stars not because it is an independent drugstore, not because it is attached to a dive bar, not because it had an old fashined lunch counter diner (it is open yet?) . Mostly I give it four stars because they staff I encounter there is always VERY friendly!
3 This place is a BLAST from the Past(#IOWAtasmic) a drug store with a lunch counter! Plus a pharmacy & an attached Bar.  Theres no wait just sit right up to th e counter and order. They have a small simple menu but good prices.  We ordered a 2 egg breakfast and a Philly Cheese Steak.  The service was very fast & friendly But then again we were the ONLY customers.  The food was good fresh & tasty maybe a little greasy but I like greasy. Check the pics to see it.  I would definitely try it again maybe the burger which is said to be their big winner here.
3 It's actually called the Huntridge Diner. I went here for lunch last week and yeah I guess it was A-ok. I had the daily special, which for Tuesday is a Burger, Fries and Soda for $6.95. The burger didn't taste like much but it wasn't bad. The fries probably came from Sysco but they were battered and pretty tasty. Everyone was very friendly including the girl at the front cashier counter and even the cook. Besides me there was only one other customer in there so the service was good.
4 It is absolutely called the Huntridge Restaurant, not diner. I can only vouch for the burgers at this point, but they are truly outstanding, well seasoned, fresh beef, in the top 20% you will find anywhere. The fries and onion rings are good, but the burgers shine! Hand made shakes are available, but I have not tried one yet. The place is clean, plenty of old original features making for an authentic "diner" experience. Just a mile east of  Las Vegas Blvd, corner of Charleston and Maryland Pkwy., makes this an easy find for tourists who enjoy a little local downtown Las Vegas flavor. I hear the Philly cheese steaks are excellent too. Very limited hours, which have changed over the past several months, currently open till 4 p.m. Closed Sunday. One can search "huntridge restaurant" on youtube to get a feel of the place. It's a total 50's throwback tucked inside a pharmacy. Staff has always been friendly and attentive. Gotta love the free wi-fi too. A door through the pharmacy leads to a full bar.
4 I love the Huntridge.  It's a great little neighborhood dive, stress on the dive.  The drinks are crazy cheap, and they always have weekly specials.  The bartenders are friendly and entertaining, and the working-class clientele is refreshingly unpretentious and relaxed.    Warning: it is smoky as all get out in there, and smells like smoke even when it's empty! So if you're sensitive to that, don't go here.    They have a great jukebox, random bar snacks, and an array of bar video games to entertain the drunkards.  I always seem to gravitate toward this place around 2-4 am because it's right on my way home from pretty much anywhere else.    The Huntridge is open 24-hours, but if you feel the need to take the party elsewhere, you can always buy 6-packs or bottles of liquor to go!
4 A great dive bar has to strike a delicate balance between grungy and comfortable.  It should feel like the cozy little hole in the wall where the floor isn't that clean and the booths are slightly broken, but the beer and liquor are well stocked and the characters are colorful.  Think dirty enough that T.G.I. Friday's managers would be disgusted, but safe enough that you're not getting a knife in your side when you sidle up to the bar.  And in Las Vegas, Huntridge Tavern is that bar.  I head here a lot during happy hour and find a collection of folks who are happy to be drinking--the clientele is usually a mix of folks just off work, folks down on their luck and smart ass regulars lined up along the bar talking to the bartender.  There's a lot of attitude is this bar.  Go with it and you'll have a good time.  And Huntridge follows through on the crucial requirement for a dive bar: cheap drinks.  Beer is $2-3 from the tap, liquor was pretty damn cheap (for a generous pour as well).  It's definitely my favorite hole in the wall in town.
4 First and foremost, the interior throwback is enough to warrant three stars. The fourth is for outstanding food. One would never suspect that a time machine lays dormant inside this little pharmacy. This is the kind of place I only dream about. It wasn't crowded at 10am - the food was made right there on the grill in front of us and the waitress was pleasant. As it should be, cash only. And when you are done - bop next door (literally attached) to the Huntridge Bar. It's equally nostalgic!
5 Great vegetarian cuisine at very reasonable prices. They make great pizzas and veggie burgers.  Their breakfast menu is very tasty. The service was great.  The cook greets all customers and tries to make you feel at home. They are also certified kosher.
2 I have been there and Jason is great! The company really needs additional staff on Sundays to help with larger crowds. The long wait time was unacceptable.
1 A friend and I decided to check this place out on Saturday afternoon, and all of the doors were locked. We were really excited to check it out! I'm not sure if it's even open for business. If it is, they need some store hours posted outside.
5 When the gorgeous Rockabilly yelper Emily S. vouched for this place, I knew it had to be legit. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=1sXN7Oxteo5dP5nwIDyO4w&userid=oErJEFTodtOnb7Keep4Tlg  ...see what I mean :)   Been wanting to try this place for quite some time. Huntridge Diner is located right next door to a Rockabilly barber shop, so it really does attract the whole Greaser crowd. And there ain't no posers here. For example, 99% of the Rockabilly girls I know are just in it for the "fashion". I myself am really into pin-up models from the 40s and 50s, and whenever I try to start a conversation with a Rockabilly person by asking "whats your favorite pin-up girl?" or "who was your favorite Rockabilly musician?", they have no clue what I'm talking about. It's a whole different crowd here on the corner of Maryland and Charleston, and the regulars here can go on for days about 50s society and culture.   Like I said, the authenticity is legit here. They have an ice cream freezer which was installed back in the 1950s when the diner was built. When the thing broke, instead of replacing it, they tracked down an antique dealer that had the actual vintage parts so they could rebuilt it. Everything down to the machines that make the milkshakes are the originals from the 1950s! I've seen 50s diners that attempt to serve authentic 50s food, but I've never ever seen a place that cooks the food with the actual iron kitchen equipment which was crafted in the 50s! I totally felt like Marty McFly at  Lou's Cafe.  The menu is identical to the ones you see in the greaser movies. Everything on the menu is an "era dish" from post WWII, like Pizza Fries!!! Ever since I was a kid I used to watch those old movies from the 1950s where the greasers would order pizza fries. I always wondered what they tasted like. Thanks to Huntridge, now I know they are f*cking awesome!  The first time I came into Huntridge, I was with a child who was dealing with bereavement.  The owner's son and the cook were really great to him. They sat with him and talked about video games, internet memes, and other stuff kids love. I really appreciate that they did this for him. The workers here have very big hearts!!  Interesting fact= This place is 100% Kosher, and they stay completely true to Kosher protocol. From what I hear, to qualify as true kosher cuisine, a Jewish cook has to handle certain items when it is prepared. They hired a Jewish chef to do that!! Since like 90% of my friends are Jewish, this is gonna be a great place for us to go to when we can't agree on which place to eat. It accommodates me and them!  My recommendation is too get one of their shakes or malts. Believe me, no other 50s diner in Vegas has anything on these guys!   I've been here 3 times this week, and I can't get enough. I'm actually gonna write a more detailed and updated review on this place soon. They are still in the process of revamping their menu. I really can't wait for that.
1 We are three locals having lunch here on a Wednesday - 1)  place recked of cigarette smoke - 2) staff does not seem to have an urgency in getting folks served - 3) food was okay -
3 My wife and I stayed in Las Vegas for a week and this place was on a few lists so we figured we'd try out a 50's-era soda fountain.  I was less than impressed.  The food was fine (the pizza fries are great), but the service was slow and the building itself  looks run down.  The cook on duty (I believe his name was Jason) was a bit slow but attentive - I was pleasantly surprised by his knowledge on kosher food and kosher cooking (when asked by another patron that was there and evidently didn't know it was a kosher restaurant).  The shakes were fun, but not everything was available on the menu (they were apparently redoing it) and it was nice to have a shake with a burger.  What the place needs is a remodel of some sort.  The building is too big for their needs and the deco is haphazard at best.  The place tries to be a modern pharmacy - to be sure, it IS a working pharmacy, but there's loads of empty space on the walls and it has an unfinished feel to it.  There's way too much space...I'm thinking the building can't be touched because of the historic significance (oldest pharmacy in Las Vegas I believe) but there are creative ways to eat up the unused area.  The mashgiach (who doesn't think he is one, but he fits the definition) could use a course in Restaurant 101 or shouldn't be serving customers (and needs to wear gloves behind the counter when he's there)  I came in expecting a 50's-type soda jerk, and got...well, I got a good veggie burger and fries.  There is so much potential in the restaurant portion - Vegas is all about showmanship.  A server or server/cook combination in some sort of costume reflecting the theme would be great...better music to set the tone...tables being closer to the barside area.  I'm giving it three stars because the primary reason to go a restaurant is food - and it was excellent.  It's inexpensive ($32 for two people for burgers w/salad, shakes, and a side of fries is a great buy) but well made.  Don't expect to be wowed by the ambiance - unless they make improvements it's more to be ignored than admired.
3 YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(108/365) "Blast From The Past"  We stopped in for a bite after getting cut next door at Hi-Rollers. HPSF is Drugstore/Pharmacy/Diner run by a couple of gentleman, and as you step inside, it is as if you went back in time to the 50's and 60's. It is very spacious with dining booths as well as counter dining if you wish to do so.   Perusing the menu, it seems like a lot of choices on paper, but they seemed to be out of a few selections as we were inquiring on certain menu items and descriptions. Wifey and I narrowed it down and we split a Cowboy Burger with a couple of shakes. She got a Strawberry Shake and I went with the Watusi Whopper. FYI, all burgers, sandwiches, and items that are usually made with meat are not. Every item is vegetarian, and they use veggie meat from Morning Star.  The burger and fries were pretty good even though nothing is made in-house, and the shakes were not as thick as I prefer, but decent. Service was good, and price point is reasonable. Stop in if you're in the area and give these guys a try! ALOHA!!!  Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \u  3.25
4 Great service. Great ice cream-Old fashioned hand packed pints. Diner style kosher menu. Great for vegetarians.  ENJOY!
5 Food is great for the price and they owner and employees are friendly. Best kosher ( no hersher tho) breakfast/brunch option in Las Vegas. You can eat anything that's on the menu all day long.
