3 Found on the periphery of Edinburgh (the Bruntsfield area, brief walk necessary!), Itri offers a quaint little Italian eatery complete with a warm and inviting atmosphere. Although limited in space once inside, this only serves as a catalyst for a more intimate dining experience, complementing its friendly environment.  Serving typical Italian fare (Pizza, Pasta dishes etc) Itri provides a solid option for all Mediterranean food enthusiasts, including myself!  Itri offers fair priced food  (fixed lunch and dinner menus available at around £10) and some classic Italian dishes (£10-£15). The Ravioli Alla Zucca boasts a scrumptious sage butter and when polished off with a healthy serving of Tiramisu you'll be wanting to venture out to such lesser known areas of Edinburgh for more hidden treats. Don't expect a Michelin starred experience, but do expect a humble and reliably tasty dining encounter. Bellissimo!
3 A lot of effort clearly goes into many areas of the business here but the end result falls somewhat short of what one imagines the desired goal of the place to be.    I can't comment on the wine-list as I went with the herd and just ordered Peroni by the bottle (there is nothing on draught) but none of my companions that did have wine voiced any complaints. Cider however is not stocked which strikes me as an oversight. Food-wise the pizzas were large, rustic and well topped. The antipasti starter looked a bit basic (two types of meat and salad greens) but without being able to compare it against the main course version it's hard to know if other places do it better.    Atmosphere was rather lacking but the rain may have kept folk away + it was also a Wednesday evening. Price-wise two courses for £10.95 was very good value but a new set of business cards are clearly in order as the current ones show 3 courses at that price.    Not exactly a hidden gem then but one that deserves to be popular with the local students and more long-term residents of its immediate neighbourhood.
3 Okay, so this place is around the corner from where I live and I thought I had to try a REAL italian style pizza.   So on the nght of the fireworks I passed by and made an order for a pizza to be picked up in 45 minutes. "no problem, no problem! It will be here waiting for you!" the waiter said.   "perfect!" I thought. It was the perfect plan to stop by, grab a pizza, walk to the fireworks and enjoy it. The staff seemed very nice.  So 45 minutes later I arrived. "uh.. 5 minutes!" the waiter said. Alright, so it wasn't ideal but I'm sure 5 minutes was alright.   However the time started ticking and 20 minutes later I got it. when I went to pay, I was being overcharged by 50 p. The waiter hadnt realized but then reimbursed me 2 pounds. £1.50 savings. Okay.. not bad at least they did something about my lost time! It seemed to me really that they put the pizza in when I arrived!  So anyways, it wasn't an ideal start. I didnt want to open the pizza box until I got there and was a bit annoyed that I was running around with it trying to find a place when I really should have been there 20 minutes earlier.  When I was disappointed to find no ideal place to watch the fireworks amongst the crowds, I thought what better thing then to just start eating. I didn't want it to be very cold!  So I opened the box.. to find... a pizza... that wasn't sliced.   Now.. the pizza was delicious. However. being 20 minutes late, and the waiter knew of our plans. It is disappointing to be sitting on the middle of Princes st, surrounded by people trying to tear a cheesy pizza and keep the portions right.   So overall: I'd probably give it another try. Maybe sit in this time without a rush. But really, who sells a pizza to people taking it away without it being sliced?
