5 i stopped by here on a lunch break because the sign said appraisals by appointment. the owner (?) indra was there and willing to do the appraisal on my engagement ring while i waited (without an appointment ... yay!). he cleaned my ring at no charge, inspected it and provided the retail value at no charge. indra told me a written appraisal for insurance purposes is only $45 ... a bargain compared to what others in the valley are charging. the stock of jewelry was lovely ... a nice mix of new and used pieces. some very unique, one of a kind finds as well. i found a few things i would prefer not to live without!   they do all their own importing, and buy, sell and trade jewelry. i felt he was very honest about my ring, the cash value he stated was in line with numbers i heard from other jewelers and he was charming and helpful, answering questions and educating me while i ogled over diamonds and pearls. i will return to have my watch batteries replaced, a pair of earrings changed from yellow to white gold, and pretty much anything else i can think of. i trusted him immediately, which, when dealing with diamonds, is of paramount importance to me.
4 Wow i totally agree with Rebecca....now I seen it has been awhile since she posted her review of this establishment....but trust me everything she said is still true. Indra and his lovely wife seemed very educated in the area of fine jewelry. I stopped in one day while running some errands because this locale is within walking distance of my apt. Immediately when you walk in they make you feel welcome....and they can pretty much answer any question that you have.  I inquired about getting my wife's ring soldered and expanding my ring about a half inch. Indra told me the jeweler can do it right on site.....which is very important to me.....and I could get both services done for about 70 bucks or so.....I was floored. I know it can cost as much as 50 or 60 bucks alone for resizing....so I am going to make an appointment with the jeweler and I will update this review with the results when he is done. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5 Very helpful, professional, and super friendly. Best price in town for an insurance appraisal. I would most certainly recommend them. Thank you!
5 This Jewelry store is Great!  They are always so helpful, and take time to find out exactly what you want, great place to have something different designed! Will clean jewelry, and also buy Gold, and diamonds !
5 I was very impressed with this family business! More than fair with me about their appraisal of my jewelry. I sold some to them and was given a fair price for it. I will use their services again and I highly recommend them to my friends and family, as well as, anyone who needs help with their jewelry purchase or sale. I worked with their son and he is a nice young man who was most helpful. They insisted on cleaning a necklace I was wearing at no charge! I look forward to my next visit and when I purchase my next fine jewelry, I will go their first. Ann D. Phoenix, AZ
5 This family business was very nice when we came in without an appointment for an appraisal. They cleaned my ring and did an appraisal while I watched. It took about 40 minutes and the owner even told me to come back and he would clean it at no cost even though I didn't buy it there. I would highly recommend this place for great customer service and friendly staff!
5 My wife recently came across a little bit of gold that was hiding in our drawer.  I searched Yelp for a gold buyers and stumbled across this family jeweler.  They tested the gold, weighed the gold and came up with a more than reasonable figure.  It's literally a Mom and Pop place with the Daughter and Son (I believe), were helping me out.  Quick and painless.  Just like I like it.
5 I found AMI Diamonds looking for a place to get a ring custom made for my wife-to-be. I found them via Yelp and saw the great ratings people posted for them online, so I took a chance. I worked with the folks there to come up with a design which ultimately was fabricated. I was extremely pleased with the ring that was created which was of a complicated design.   Months later they cleaned and repaired the ring for free when we noticed one of the amethysts came loose and one was scratched. The ONLY drawback I have is that it takes time for them to get back with you if you email them.
4 There was a wait to meet with them when I brought in a lot of gold pieces I wanted to sell but it was worth the wait. They couldn't help how busy they were and they were attentive to all their customers.   I was given a fair price in line with the research I had done in current prices of gold. I'm thankful for finding place I didn't feel swindled. I would go back when the need arose.   They also cleaned the pieces I was wearing I waited and they did a great job.   Highly recommended.
5 I found AMI Diamonds looking to create a ring for my girlfriend that I was thinking about asking to marry me. From the moment I walked through the doors Indra and his staff were more than helpful. Indra not only cares about his profession; which is an expert at, but he cares about people genuinely. Indra helped me custom make a ring in which my now fiancé adored.  I have already recommended to everyone i know and i will never buy a piece of Jewelry from anywhere else. Before finding AMI Jewelry I can honestly say i checked every place in the valley and on the internet and nobody could even come close to the service, support, and pricing i found here.   After my experience I consider Indra and staff friends. They honestly care about people and want to make sure your special day goes to as planned. I am so pleased with my purchase from AMI and I want to scream it off the roof tops. If you are looking for an engagement ring, appraisal, repair or any sort of thing related to jewelry then AMI Diamond is your place. I can promise you from personal experience, this is by far the place to go.   Great staff and Indra is a gem (no pun intended) :)  LOVE THIS PLACE!
