5 I mainly go here for massages and hair cuts.  This is an Aveda concept place (I love Aveda).  They seem to keep their staff (staff turnover is why I left the last place).  The service is consistent.
3 Massages here are adequate / not bad. The thing I go for is the pedicures. They are outstanding.
3 Hair cut last night....the 1.5 time in chair for a trim concerns me for future visits.  Didn't get seated until 15mins after appointment start time, with no knowledge as to why? thought I had wrong time even. I would LOVE to keep going to this spa, as so close to where I reside. Over all the stylists were very nice, did get some shopping tips for fun stores, as I'm new to the area
4 Best color in town.  Ask for Natalie.
5 i have been going to this salon for 11 years.  I have watched Tina and Gretchen grow it into an amazing spa.  From the moment you walk in, the aroma smells like beauty.  While you may find a cheaper cut/color elsewhere, the results will not be the same.  Rejuventation is constantly training its employee on the latest cuts, colors, and styles.  I never tell Tina what "I" want anymore, instead I ask her what does my look need.  I give her full power to keep me young and hip looking.  She has never failed me.  As I age, I feel prettier than ever.
5 I see Katelyn for highlights and cuts.  She is outstanding!  I have difficult, unruly hair and she never makes a negative comment.  I have been to MANY stylists and they always comment about how thick and frizzy my hair is and how long it takes to dry/flat iron.  Katelyn is patient and professional and does hands-down the best work with my hair.  She listens to what you want and follows through to a tee.
5 Great facials. Probably the best I've had. I avoid massages here but definitely get facials.
1 I had been seeing April for over a year for haircuts and color and always found her cuts to be too choppy and slightly uneven, but my hair was very long so any mistakes weren't noticeable.  That wasn't the case two months ago when I decided to try out a long bob. I've gotten some bad haircuts in my life, but this one was one of the worst!  It was, once again, too choppy and uneven with blunt layers.  I expressed my displeasure to April and she got very defensive, saying "this was what you wanted". Obviously, I did not request an uneven haircut full of mistakes!  Thankfully, the manager did not charge me for the cut, which I really appreciated.  I emailed the manager later on in the week to thank her and explain why I was so unsatisfied, but never received a response. How unprofessional!  I've since left the Madison area and have found a wonderful salon in my new city, but am still growing out the horrendous cut. I do not recommend Rejuvenation for cuts or color (can't comment on other services) - their pricing structure is complicated and overpriced for the level of so-called talent they employ.
