3 My husband has mistaken me for a NASCAR driver.  That must be the reason he finds no problem with me driving on bald tires.  Fine, I'll get my own damn tires.  I priced tires at both Discount and Big O.  I preferred to buy at Big O since they frequently have specials for cheap oil changes.  And mine are cheap since I usually decline the air filter, fluid changes, new transmission, etc.  Both stores suggested the exact same tire as meeting my needs.  I'm not saying it's not a good tire, but coincidence?  Probably not, more likely a nice profit margin.   I went home and found a comparable tire for about $60 less overall.  Discount was also offering a $70 mail-in rebate.  I called Big O to ask if they would price match being the cheap bastardess I am.  Turns out they were offering a $60 INSTANT rebate.  What's that saying about something in the hand now being worth more than something later?  However, I also apparently needed an alignment.  Plausible given the uneven wear and the fact the vehicle has always pulled to the right.  But though the store owner told me an alignment is $80, the estimate was actually $230 because of some camber kit, whatever the hell that is.  Needless to say, no alignment that day.  I figure I'll probably only put one more set of tires on that vehicle anyway.  Overall, Big O has met my needs.  They've not tried to push many extra services on me.  I think the ones they have were legit.
1 I felt like I needed a shower after leaving this Big O. I think they pitched a fix on everything for my car BUT what turned out to actually be wrong (the starter). Within a few seconds of pulling up, my car was taken apart and I was regaled by the Big O guys with tales of car woes ranging from a need for 3 new tires (what?) to new windshield wiper blades. Gee, Big O, I coulda told you my windshield isn't the safest when the rain occassionally falls. But I think I'll take that into my own hands. And the rest of my car issues to another mechanic.
1 Took my car in to get my tires rotated and balanced.  After all, this is a tire store, who else could do it better?  Well... my 6 year old could have done it better.  They gave me a free rotation and balance, and I got what I paid for.  I ended up taking it somewhere else within a month because, from the moment I drove it out of the parking lot it veered to the right.  It also made a weird noise as I drove it down the street.  They also told me I needed new brakes, drums, etc and that it was going to cost me almost $1000 (found out from another mechanic that wasn't true.)  I wont be going back.
1 Can I give them no stars? I had been told by a car dealer service center I needed $2,200 worth of work (just as the cash for clunkers program started) and it was too much and sounded odd. A neighbor suggested this location and they made me a great deal! Well, great for them it seems.  A year later, while getting my oil changed, the owner's son alerted dad that I needed over $1,000 worth of work on things they had supposedly done a year before. The key was the look on the face of the counter guy, who I assume had scruples and was ashamed at the attempt to defraud me.  A friend hooked me up with a mechanic he had used for years and, long story short, not only was there nothing wrong with everything they told me needed to be replaced, but they never replaced the parts they charged me for a year before and the 40K tires I bought didn't last 10K miles.  Sorry Big O guys, but you stepped into this one. The moment you charged me for work that wasn't done, you became untrustworthy. Guess the owner needed more income that week. Hope this closes you down! You have it coming.
5 These guys have given me consistent excellent service time and time again.  Always friendly and a good price.  It gets busy, so I'd suggest calling for an appointment ahead of time.  However, the last two visits they have gone above and beyond - so they totally deserve a five star rating!
4 After having a horrible experience at Discount Brake Tune'N'Lube in Phoenix, we came here to get the alternator, batteries, brake switch, and one tire fixed on our 73 Ford truck (that Discount destroyed by the way). They were nice and the owner was very knowledgeable. Our truck works sooo much better now! The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I think the prices weren't as competitive, but at this point we just wanted the truck fixed, and they did the job! Will come back again!
1 I do not like to write bad reviews, I think there are enough good things to say about businesses that deserve it. Plus, karma. BUT, these yahoos tried to mess with my daughter! And I don't want them stealing from yours.  This Big O will try to rip you off. Apparently if you're a woman, they think it's fun to take advantage of you. After looking for a good used car for two months, and finding one in excellent shape, my daughter brought it in to get the oil changed. The guys working there WAY overfilled it. Then when she brought it back and told them what happened, they changed the oil again but told her she would need repairs as there was an oil leak. There is definitely NOT an oil leak, but there IS a problem at that shop in need of repair. I would not recommend getting tangled up in their games. What a waste of time and almost a waste of a perfectly good car.  Not going back there for anything, ever.
5 I have been to this store several times.  They are always friendly and professional.  They are quick so I can usually wait there for the repairs to be done.  The store is always clean and peop;e are courteous.  I have been to other repair shops and feel I was taken advantage of becuase I am a woman - but they have never been pushy or recommended things my car did not need.  This store is way nicer than any other repair shop I have been to.
1 I got a response today (TWO YEARS after my original review) from the owner Adam G: Adam G. has sent you a message on Yelp: "We appologize for trying to do our job in a proffesional and courteous manner. These where merely recommendations. Adam" Sorry Adam, I've already given out my award this year for best owner response to a Yelp review. All of that said, and I'm admittedly jogging my memory here, it's been two years after all: I don't remember anything professional at all about your Big O location. Courteous? Sure, I'll give you that one. The fellas in the shop were nice enough. If I could give you. Still, one star. Totally.
5 After having my truck serviced at Jiffy Lube and numerous other places, I have to say this is the most honest place I've been too. I pull a trailer everyday, and my truck is my money maker. They have always taken excellent care of it accordingly. Regarding tires, I will not go anywhere else ever again either. Maintening a car is expensive how ever you want to look at it. Honesty is what I look for in car repair and servicing, and they have it.
3 They are okay for oil changes but keep in mind these are commisioned sales people you are dealing with.
5 I continue to use this specific location. They are privately owned and extremely friendly. Initially I went to the location on tatum and thunderbird. The gentlemen working repeated that they were very busy seeming as though he wanted me to say never mind I'll go somewhere else. Which is what brought me to this location. The gentlemen behind the counter were extremely friendly and made my visits fun by being personable and jokesters. Their service was fast and they didn't come out with a list of "other things" wrong with your car. 5 STARS for fast, friendly, honest service!
5 I love coming here! Everyone is always super nice when I come in and I never feel pressured into any service. The tech Erick has worked on my tires a few times and is always so nice! Thanks for the great service!
5 Greatly appreciate the service and personnel.  Place my trust in these guys each and every time I've been there and never have been disappointed. Find the service prompt and 100% satisfactory.  Feel confident about the condition of my tires and vehicle after receiving service from Big O Tires on McDowell.
1 Did you get a coupon in the mail for screaming deals?  My advice:  Don't bother and go elsewhere.  I created a Yelp account just to share my negative experience.     The demeanor of the gentleman who handled my service (Johnny) is very shady, having you sign a document consenting to charges before any charges are even listed.     My coupon I found online for a discounted oil change was nullified by the marked up price of the oil disposal fee.  When I challenged him on this fact, he said it's the same price as other places.  OK, but I didn't expect to be paying the same prices as your competitor WITH A COUPON.    All in all, my oil change took nearly two hours when it wasn't even busy and I spent much more than I was anticipating to because of their deception.
1 I honestly can't believe that I am having to take my own valuable time to do this. I feel like I have to because other people need to be aware of what goes on at the Big O tires location on McDowell Road in Scottsdale. I have taken my Honda Civic in to Big O for regular oil and tire changes for several years now- never again. I brought my car in because it was having trouble starting. They could not diagnose the problem it so they sent me away. Of course, like I knew it would, my car died on me that next week and left me stranded. I had it towed to Big O. They repaired it, and charged me substantially more than the original quote. I even caught one of their experienced employees in a flat-out lie. It was awkward for both of us. I paid and left. Immediately following their work I noticed that my car began to shake and shutter when the engine sat at a low level of RPM's. This had never happened before they got their hands on it.   Within two weeks of their "repair" my car was worse than ever. It still would not start correctly and I got stranded again. I had it towed back to Big O in spite of their recent dishonesty because I assumed that they would realize that whatever they did only made my car worse so I thought they would fix their mistake free of charge. Upon arrival, I learned that they would not. They called me later in the day and told me that my battery was bad. They told me my battery was from 2011 and that it needed to be replaced. When I responded that my battery was still under warranty at the Honda dealership, they suddenly became extremely cold and irritated with me.  After I paid to tow my car to Honda, Honda informed me that it had a brand new battery in it and that the battery was completely shot and that it was not the battery that they had sold me in 2011. I called Big O and spoke with the same employee as before. He again verified that my battery was from 2011. I told him that the battery that was now in the car was from 2013 and that a Big O technician must have switched my battery for a broken one. I now realized that I likely needed to contact the police.  I asked the employee if I could speak with a manager. He said that the Big O location on McDowell has no manager. I asked if I could speak with the owner. He became extremely rude and told me that speaking with the owner was not possible. He said he would look at the cameras and call me back. I went by the location later that same day in an attempt to speak with a manager. It was evening and none were on duty. The Big O employee pretended to call O'Reilly auto parts on Guadelupe in Tempe. He then proceeded to tell me that I purchased my battery at O'Reilly in Tempe last December. I don't know why he thought I would believe such a thing. I have never been to that location in my entire life. I checked all of my bank statements to see if I had gone crazy. I went to that O'Reilly location. They confirmed that I was not in their system and that I had never been a customer of theirs.  I called Big O corporate to see if they could put me in touch with the owner of this location. They sent out a notice for him to contact me. Big O corporate did, however, confirm that every Big O location does have a manger and that the employees on McDowell were just lying to me. As of this writing I am yet to be contacted by Big O. In short, Big O lied to me, overcharged me, did not fix my car correctly, then stole my battery and replaced it with a broken one out of spite when they found out that I would not be having more work done with them, then they lied to me about my battery and refused to put me in touch with an owner or even a manager of any kind.  Truly unbelievable. Never, ever visit this Big O location. I still would like to speak with the owner about a refund, but the employees continue to screen me from any supervisor in an attempt to hide their deceitful antics.
5 I went to Big O to get an estimate for some work my car needed, brakes and a timing belt.  The price was much lower than the 2 other estimates I received.  I dropped my car off and they gave me a ride to work.  I picked it up after work.  The price was what I was quoted and the I am very satisfied with the work they did.  The staff is great and   greet me by my name when I come in.  I will recommend them to others.
5 Had a nail get stuck in my new 3-month old tires (not from Big-O) and it blow out relatively slow while going 75 mph on the freeway. Pulled off and searched for a tire shop in Scottsdale and to my luck there was one just off the exit.   Arriving just minutes before they closed, Jeremy quickly assessed my situation and had me wait, but not before making sure I was offered something to drink. In a matter of minutes, the bad news came that I had driven on the tire too long and it was not repairable. Knowing that I had a warranty (not theirs) on the tires, he pulled off the tire and gave me a good spare, and I mean a GOOD spare to compliment the other three new wheels.  When I went to pay for it, it was complimentary saying that he just wanted me to get home safely and get my other new tire one.   Well, I made it home without further incident, so thank you, Jeremy. I have a girlfriend that lives by you and she will be coming your way.
5 This big O tires is awesome!!! If you need car repair I would highly recommend this location. They not only take care of your car quickly they also managed to save me $400. This was the fourth quote that I received. Now I've been going there for over a year and I have nothing but good things to say about this location and their staff. Thanks for the free oil change!!!
5 I have been to many auto repair facilities and Scottsdale Big O Tires takes the cake. The employees at this location are awsome. Always given a fair estimate for repairs. Its hard to find a great shop that has had the same employees for years. Keep up the great work guys. Ps the showroom is very clean also
