1 My girlfriend had one request , don't touch the bottom tooth and Gina thought she was so scary talented that this request did not apply to her. I also requested that they not "procedure hunt" on my girlfriend because she would not come back but the arrogant dr. hunts to the beat of his own drum. A team of hustlers is what you'll get here so beware.Did i mention the endless calls from Jackie? eeeeek
5 I must start by saying I have been to many, many dentists in my life and have a lot of anxiety and mistrust based on some past experiences. I visited another dentist in Maricopa before Smilelines and just did not feel comfortable. Then I saw Dr. Lines at Smilelines and instantly got a good vibe. I never felt that he pushed me toward any procedure, and helped me plan on what needed to be done sooner and what could wait. (I have a lot of dental problems) I did see the other dentist there once during one of my annual cleanings, but prefer Dr. Lines.  Unlike the other poster, I loved Gina! She scales by hand instead of using that awful squealing ultrasonic. They had a male hygienist before her that I am so glad is gone. I have been going there for a few years now and plan to continue. Sure Jackie pushes you for a twice yearly cleaning, and will call to remind you but I don't feel that is uncalled for.
5 I enjoyed my visit to SmileLines Dentistry. I like Dr. Lines, Gia and the rest of the staff! They were all pleasant and friendly with my daughter and I.
3 Friendly staff! Since I forgot that I have a DMO plan the office hooked me up with a first time patient special of $40.00 for x-ray and cleaning. I thought that was cool. The x-ray tech was new to the position. So it took sometime for the x-rays. I wasn't very impressed with the senior tech that assisted the trainee. She didn't put gloves on when touching my mouth piece for the x-ray. She realized it when I looked at her.  Then the senior tech then put  gloves on and then put the mouth piece in my mouth to show the trainee how to do it. The trainee advised that she was going to take an actual picture of my mouth with this big photographiers camera. I thought that was weird. I never had that. Sonia the hygienist was funny and she was very gental with the cleaning. They should have offered shades for the extremely bright light and also to prevent water from going into my eyes. Over all experiance is a 3. Needs a little improvement with customer service and sanitation. I did like the greeting when entering the office. It made me feel welcomed.
