4 I'm very picky about my eyebrows, VERY! I walked in VERY skeptical at first.  I mean, you don't have that intimacy of being alone with the esthetician when they rip off the hair off of your face because you are in a salon style setting where everyone is getting their eyebrows done around you.  But, the nice part about this place it that it is hardly painful, they use threading.  Never really hard it, but apparently it is better for your skin and it a bit more exact and accurate than waxing.  So far I agree.  The only thing that I kinda don't like is that you have to tell them what you want, rather than trusting what is common.  I mean, I aint to expert on how to explain how I want my eyebrows, and I don't really know what would look better on me and what wouldn't, so I go to a trained professional to tell me.  But here that is not the case, so much.  Oh, but the MAJOR plus, they are HELLA cheap.  only $10!!!!  But overall, I live in San Diego now and I try to hold off for as long as I can to get my eyebrows done until I get back to Vegas.  So I'm a fan!
3 I didn't have to make an appointment or wait, and the threader was really nice. I had heard about this awesome new way to shape your brows and wanted to give it a go. She did a top shelf job for sure!! HOWEVER, I did pay the price in pain!! I have a pretty high tolerance for pain so feeling like I wanted to cry the whole time really shocked me. My eyes watered like crazy and all I could think was 'please let her stop soon!' It was so painful, I just can't imagine going back. If people tell you it doesn't hurt...I don't know, maybe their skin is numb.
4 Pros - They do a great job, just walked in w/o an appointment, cheap. Cons - Well this is the first time I'd had my eyebrows done (my girlfriend wouldn't shut up about it) and when they first started I was like, it's not so bad but after a minute I was like Jesus this hurts. I had bushy brows so the pain lasted awhile but she was quick and it looked good!
4 I've been here roughly 20 times.  I used to see the same woman every time, however she moved to India...sigh. My world was shattered... She was the best eyebrow lady a girl could ask for. They were always naturally shaped, not too thin, symmetrical, perfect - and it was painless! After she left I figured I'd give the place another go. I've been back a few times since, and I've had a few different ladies. They've all done a pretty good job - but not as good as my old go-to eyebrow magician. Most eyebrow places tend to make brows a little too thin - not at all what I'm going for. I've learned to specifically ask them to make sure they're thick and they usually get it. I was especially impressed with my most recent trip there, they were almost as good as my old faithful. This place is only $10 - not shabby! I'll definitely be back.
3 Eyebrows R Us is like the Mc Donalds for threading . It's fast but not always efficient. It's like the time you order Mc Nuggets at the drive thru and they forget your sweet and sour sauce.   I had my eyebrows, upper lip and chin done. It was all done pretty quick and the lady gave me a chance to look for any errors. It's partially my fault because I didn't look hard enough. I'm just used to other places that really look you over before they send you away. It's not like I had a forest on my chin there was only like 3 hairs and they missed one. I think I would have been better off just to pluck them myself. So I just ended up plucking it. I just wanted to add that my brows were nicely done though.   I would come here if I was in a pinch for time but I prefer mom and pop type of places because they seemed more invested your happiness.
1 I purchased the coupon today - $25 for 4 eyebrow threading. Good price but do they offer good service? NO. The lady was just by herself (which was ok) and does the threading so fast to make sure she gets all the threading she can that day. She's too fast that she doesn't care what the customer feels because what is important is that nobody waits in the waiting area and that she gets all the $$$. The funny thing was, even if I tell her that "it hurts, can you hold a little bit"... she waits for 2 seconds and starts threading. What a service, right?   Go ahead and try - up to you. But as for me, I will yes, go back, just to redeem the rest of my coupon but will definitely not purchase more.   Go to Diya Eyebrows at West Sahara. Even if its 6 miles away from my home, it  is definitely worth the drive.
1 Used to go here all the time. Until one day the young girl that did my eyebrows was rude. She didnt even ask me how I wanted them. And then to top it off, told me that there was only a student discount for UNLV students. CSN takes green money just like everyone else. Money that this place won't be getting.
4 I have been coming to this location for a year and a half.  Anita is the best.  I have not had a bad experience with her at all,  she always does my brows the way I want them to look.
1 Rude! She didn't ask how I wanted them. A soon as i was in the chair she started going at it... Didn't even let me sit back. Keep in mind i'm still a newbie. She made some comments that made me feel uncomfortable off the bat.. And kept going on even tho I gave her no response or one word answers. . . Not good customer service. Then.. I double check to see how she did. Too thin. And she missed quite a few hairs. She rushed us in and out of there. Not satisfied.! Not going back.
4 Love this place! They do a great job and it is so much better than waxing. Buy the coupon when you go. It is a much better deal if you plan on returning.
4 Been going here for about 1 year...Anita is the best, shes the reason I keep going back.
4 This is the only place I would trust with my eyebrows.  Quick and efficient, a lot less painful than waxing too.  Anita is the best when doing my eyebrows.  All the other workers there are decent too.  The place is minimal and there is usually only one worker at the shop at a time.  I never had to wait over ten minutes to get my eyebrows and upper lip done though.  Just make sure that tell them exactly what you want with your eyebrows and be particular.  I would also suggest getting the 6 Eyebrow and Lip sessions for $65, if you do plan on coming here on a regular basis.
4 I've been to a couple of Eyebrows R' Us, but Anita is the best! I don't go anywhere else now.
4 If you're looking for a  warm or friendly threading salon, this isn't it. However, I love my brows, and decided to purchase three for $20. With waxing, I only go to the american places and usually pay 15-20 per wax plus tip and my skin gets irritated and often breaks out! I think I'm going to stick with threading.
4 I love this location because it is right by my house.   The ladies are friendly and they work quickly and efficiently. I have never had a problem with them threading my eyebrows. Whatever you are planning to get done just make sure you state it in the beginning and be very clear about what you want.  Being from Chicago Im used to $8 for threading, but its $10 here which isn't that bad.
5 I love coming here! It's close to my work and there's never too long of a wait. Ask for Anita! She's great!
3 Eyebrows R Us is a threading salon.  They specialize in eyebrows, but do all of the body in their salons.  I have only used them for eyebrows, so my review is based on that service specifically.  And yes, it does hurt!  Oh, the things girls go through....  I have been going off and on to Eyebrows R Us for several years now.  I started going when they only had 1 store in the valley and have stuck with them through the years, on and off. I don't live super close, so I only visit a ERU if I am near one on another errand, otherwise I just wax my eyebrows at my local nail place.  I have been to several of their locations and service seems to be the same across the board. So good points for being consistent on eyebrows!  They always do a good job and I am always pleased with the look of my brows afterwards.    The prices are also pretty good at $10 or you can get prepaid cards for discounted services if you plan on visiting regularly.  The cards don't expire, so even if you don't go regularly, but every now and then, the card is still worth it. They also offer very reasonably priced unlimited programs for a month, 6 months, and up to a year.    The reason I am giving them a 3 star rating is the customer service portion.  No one ever seems to be smiling and or happy whenever I am there.  I get everyone has bad days, but every single time and not one person is smiling.....Weird!  No one is ever very welcoming or pleasant when you talk to them.  They always just tell you to sign in and they usually just point to you when it is your turn.  If it is your first time, they also seem a little annoyed during the threading if you don't know how to hold your eyebrow during the session.  I don't think I have ever had more than a 2 sentence conversation with anyone at any of their locations.  So if you want friendly people, don't come here.  If you don't mind, then go for it, because they are good at eyebrows!  So there you have it.  Decide for yourself and good luck with your eyebrows!
2 I only come because I'm new to Las Vegas and am scared to go elsewhere. My personal experience has been...eh. They're not that friendly, my eyebrows always come out like straight lines, they never ask how I want them unless I ask. I mean how do you know what to do? Do you read my mind? They haven't messed up but they're nothing special. I wouldn't really recommend them.  My sister came years ago though and she was so unhappy with the service, she complained and they forcefully charged a tip on her credit card without her consent. First of all, that's illegal. Second of all, you're not allowed to expect a tip from a dissatisfied customer.   They're just...eh.
3 This place is OK at best. The service is terrible & the girls are rude but they do a good job on eyebrows for the most part. They have a card they give you for $25 and you will get 4 sessions which is a really good price. Does it make up for the aloofness of the workers? ... Eh, maybe. I really only come here because it is convenient but if I found somewhere else that had nicer people working there, I would pay more and leave this place in a heartbeat.
1 Oh my. I've tried this place twice. The first time was fine, this time I have close to no eyebrows. I know sometimes it gets busy and it's easy to get distracted but there is never a good reason to taking off all my brows. Lord knows how long it's going to take to get my brows back. I will NEVER be back
2 went on a sunday afternoon. only one lady working. she wasn't the friendliest of people. nor was the place very clean ...or at least it didn't look very clean to me. it was $10 for eyebrows and $5 extra for lip. (yes i got that mo going once in a while).  cost--- not used to paying that much. back in so cal (spoiled little india) threading for brow and lips only $11.  service-- was quick however didn't get that ointment to soothe the sting from the threading. my eyebrows are nice but my male friends eyebrows come out a bit to fem.... im guessing she doesn't get many male clients.  i dont think i'll be going back.... time too look again for a brow place. had hopes for this one.
5 I've been going here for three years! I have very thick, long eyebrows. They always do a wonderful job and give me advice like "you need to stop plucking from the middle-out" haha which is very true! These women know what they are doing. If you want a great thread job, go here. I will say, you don't get small talk and they don't care much for the design of their shop and are not into small talk... But you're in and out quickly and I always leave happy.
