4 Vaqueros is ostensibly part of a chain, since I have seen them around other places. But make no mistake -- the people cooking here have a brand of their own that Casa Grande locals may recognize.  Vaqueros is fairly new. When I pass it in the morning, there are always people in the drive-through. I finally got curious enough to stop by for dinner take-out. They are indeed open from 5 am to midnight most days, serving up breakfast burritos in the morning hours.  It didn't take long looking at the menu to recognize that it is almost identical to the menu of a long-time hidden secret in Casa Grande that closed last year, Ruperto's. I had heard that the Ruperto's staff had opened or was opening a new restaurant, and this appears to be it. Many of the same dishes Ruperto's was known for appear on the menu at Vaqueros. The most distinct is the 3 rolled tacos with guacamole. The guacamole is unique and extremely good -- it is a favorite of my daughter's and she recognized it at once as being the same as Ruperto's. We also ordered carne asada tacos, and a burrito and enchilada combo -- all were great. The rice is awesome, but the refried beans could use a little work.  All in all, a great and quick stop on Pinal, which has a dearth of good restaurants. Feed your family of 4 for under $20.
3 Pretty good carne asada. Portions are Hugh M. Unguss.  My appetite was too big for my stomach this go-around.  Had the super-huge bowl of Menudo, and a carne asada quesadilla.  For the menudo, oregano is not included in the setup, you have to ask for it, and there is no option for flour tortillas or bread. The tripe was a wee bit firm for my liking, and there was a lack in hominy.  The broth was good and flavorful though.  The Quesadilla was HUGE! good meat, cheddar cheese.  Super big portions, reasonably priced, roasted/salted, super hawt jalapenos! A-OK indeed
5 This go around I opted for the bacon egg and cheese breakfast burrito (served all day!) and lengua (tongue), cabeza (head, and cheek meat), and carnitas (roasted pork) tacos.    The breakfast burrito was the tastiest, bacon filled treat I have ever had! I love bacon, and if you don't love it as much as I do, the bacon overload may be too much, I swear there might be more bacon than egg in this bacon bomb!  I should have figured that with a price of $2.50 per taco they would be slightly bigger than the average taqueria taco.  The size of these things are gAstronomical, and the flavor of each are equally proportional, the lengua, however,  would've probably been better if it hadn't been sitting in the cold whilst I ate the other three items!  I will no longer be eating carne asada at this place when I have the option of carnitas, cabeza, lengua, or bacon.  I advise you to do the same!
5 The best mexican food in casa grande. Really good prices. I've tried their nachos, carne asada burritos, and menudo, all are excellent. They have a nice salsa bar as well.
4 This place is great! The chimichanga, super nachos, and beef tacos are yuuuuummy! My husband is a fan of the salsa bar, the drinks are overpriced, and the girl that took our order was rude, but  I will be going back. That chimi haunts my dreams ;)
4 We like their fish tacos! It's a very small restaurant located in a sparsely populated strip mall. They have a drive-thru and their service is really fast. We've only been there once, but we'll be going back soon.
5 Delicious lengua tacos here!
4 Good food, not great but good. The prices are reasonable but the portions are for two haha
1 Friend talked up the place. I was very disappointed, the cashier who was not new kept asking the cooks for help ringing us up, she did not know the prices of anything and ended up overcharging us. When we requested easy ice for our horchata she literally filled the cup with ice. The lengua was the antithesis of what good lengua should be and was barely recognizable and the tortas had the brownest avocado I've ever been served.
