5 You know that you are really a "grown up" when you have clothes that require dry cleaning.  You know you are lazy when you have clothes that don't require dry cleaning but you just don't want to iron them yourself.  Either way, Delia's Cleaners is great.  I can bring in the saddest bunch of crumpled wrinkled mess and come back the next day to find everything cleaned, pressed and perfect.  Kind of like magic!  This location is open 7 days a week, has friendly staff and even offers drive-through service.  You can also bring back the hangers and plastic garment bags for recycling - love it!  While they are a little pricey, coupons can be found on the website and even better ones (40% off!) are frequently in the mass-mail coupon packs.  Do you love your clothes?  Do you want to look pressed and polished?  Take your things to Delia's!
1 Avoid like the plague - these guys are completely incompetent.     I'm not overly demanding: sometimes things are far from perfect, or you'll have some wrinkles or lint.  Fine.  But please don't damage the clothes, simple.    I recently took 3 items to Delia's and all 3 got screwed up in some form - that's a record.     - A new, dark blue dress shirt I had just bought & worn only once.  The collar was ruined; it was ironed in such a way that ALL of it looked brown and shiny as hell.   Now sometimes this happens as part of the normal wear & tear of clothes, etc, but it's inexcusable for these supposed pros to make it happen on a NEW shirt.   It had never even been washed before, and now the shiny brown collar looks like it's at least a year old.  No excuse for this.  - A brand new casual shirt I had also worn only once.  Next time I wore it, I removed it from the plastic and saw they had ripped one of the buttons off.   Again, if this had been an old shirt, with used-up buttons...hey, it happens.   But this was a brand spanking new shirt too.  This tells me they're not treating the clothes the way they should, nor do they bother to tell you when they rip off your buttons on a new shirt.  - Linen pants - a minor gripe, but even though I asked for it to be ironed with no crease down the center and saw the instruction being included in my order......that's right, they couldn't follow directions, because it was not done this way.  Now, things often happen at dry cleaner establishments - accidents, misunderstandings, etc - but these should be random, isolated incidents at worst.   Delia's is 0 for 3 on a single batch, which tells me they're just not the place to go.  Ever.  Admittedly, the customer service is great, they have things on time, and the market heavily with discounts and such.   But all these things are worthless if the quality of the core service is subpar.   This company needs to get back to basics.
4 This cleaner is really great and at a good price, too!  Join the Value Club and get discounts everytime you drop off clothes for cleaning.
5 Good Morning  I am really Old and have used many Dry cleaners before BUT I really want to Give Corporate for Delia's along with the Great People that you have at this location, that insured me that the problem I had on a new shirt that they caused would be taken care of and WOW did they take Great care and Quickly. I received a check for the correct amount in a short period of time. Also we use to live at Greyhawk and the people that you have a DC Ranch were also great. Thanks Delia's great crew for such Great Service.
4 My wife and I are in jobs where we wear suits for our business, so dry cleaning accounts for about 80% of our laundry. I have used this location in Scottsdale for a couple of years, it is close to my mother in laws and my wife is there so often that it is a convenient locale. There are closer locations and we have several options on the way there and around my house, but the staff is nice and overall I have not had any issues... except when they damaged a shirt and took a while to pay for it.  They did eventually pay, but we did have to call multiple times.  Overall I would still recommend it.
5 Have been coming here for past 7 years, service is awesome!  Although many new faces, they're consistent and friendly.  Prices meet or are below the competition, and make sure to join their rewards club.  Delia's customer for life!
4 Been going to Delia's Cleaners ever since moving to the Kierland community over 10 years ago.  Great services and very friendly staffs.  Most of the wait are under 3 minutes.  They also have a drive-thru window so you can get in and out in a very quick fashion.  If you do dry cleanings often, make sure you join their Value Club membership for only a one-time charge of $4.95.  But if you are just doing dry cleaning every once in a while, you can just print their coupons off online.  I remembered that they used to have a 50% off coupons, then 40%, and now the coupons are just 30% for general dry cleaning.  They really have good prices and services.  All orders will be ready after 5pm next-day except Sundays where they close at 4pm.  Give it a try if you are looking for a good quality dry cleaners.  They have many locations through out Metro Phoenix area.
1 I have been there 4 times. Their customer service is always lacking and they seem very disorganized. Additionally every time I try to use 40% off coupons that they promote, no one can seem to explain the price off or where it was calculated. The price is always different and the employees can't explain any of it. Finally either I'm not getting the 40% off or their services are incredibly expensive because the price has always been higher there than other places I have tried. Done with this place
1 HORRIBLE! Go elsewhere. They charged me $7 for a pair of shorts, $6-$7 for polo's "depending on material." I wish I could post my bill.  I feel like they stole from me.
1 ruined a very expensive dress and when  had to reimburse me for it...pushed back. This was in in DC Ranch. DO NOT USE IN MY OPINION.
1 Been going here forever. Today they lost a string to my maternity shirt. Really disappointed. Time to change dry cleaners.
