3 I started going here in December cuz I've gained 20 lbs since I moved to Vegas.  Damn you buffets!!!!  Anyways..can't beat the price of this place.  I also like how its pretty dead most of the time and I've never had to wait to use any equipment or machines.  Staff is pretty friendly.      Aside from the fact  some prison bathrooms are probably cleaner and that I saw the fat guy from Borat walking around naked in the locker room I'm fine w/ working out here.
3 Good:  Most machines and free weights you need to work out Cheaper per month  than most 1 meal buffets lots of members look  scary - makes you want to work out harder lots of members look dangerous - makes you want to work out harder great location off Sahara, close to Food 4 less - workout  & eat cheap. Minimal to no wait for equipment  Bad:  Looks frightful and unpleasant everywhere (workout areas, lockers, bathrooms) No water stuff - sauna, pool, jacuzzi.   For just $22 a month now days I can get Vegas Athletic Club membership for much better amenities, pleasant and environment to workout at.  Come on, extra $12 a month?   If you can't afford extra $12 a month, you can buy a 5 gallon bottle of water and use it as your in-home gym. Save $10 a month!  I'll stick to this club for now. I like the rugged horrid look it has. Makes me feel more manly.
3 I love this gym, relatively speaking though.  This gym is cheap!  Only 4 people are there whenever I used to go there! The poor lighting and the atmosphere felt insanely depressing.  I specifically went to this gym to simply focus on lifting weights with no wait and no attractive women to distract me.  The last thing I want to do is get a hard-on during a bench press.  KIDDING!  Well, sorta.
4 This gym is great for the price.  I went here for a year and a half, when I moved across town I switched gyms.  The manager, Jessica, is really friendly, and the gym is never overly-crowded (unlike the LVAC up the street.)  Pros: 1.  Good hours (24 hours on weekdays, open fairly late on weekends) 2.  Large locker rooms 3.  Lots of equipment 4.  Clean 5.  Friendly staff 6.  Large stretching area 7.  Never super crowded  Cons: 1.  Machines are older (but maintained)  2.  No classes (if that's your thing) 3.  TVs never seem to be on a "good" channel (but you can never please everyone with that.) 4.  Basics-only club (no bells and whistles - oh, but they do have tanning.  I don't use that, but I know some people do) and only one location in Vegas.   That said, you really can't beat the price.  If you live nearby, this is an awesome place to put in your daily (or weekly) workout!
4 This, my friends, is my kind of gym. It's DOWN; Down to earth. Stripped-down. We're dressed down. Nothing fancy, no brand name clothing, no people checking each other out. Dressed to work out in old t-shirts and Walmart sweatpants. I'm down with that.   The staff seem friendly. No pretense, no hard sales pitch. There are three types of memberships. I went with the middle one: $20 to join, $10 a month automatic payments for a year, and an extra $35 or so payment in July (I guess spacing it out helps with sticker shock).   It wasn't crowded when I went at 3:30 today so I had my pick of treadmills. The machines have definitely gotten their share of use, but they work. I loved the fan built into each machine- I'm so out of shape the breeze helped keep me going.   I tried the elliptical next. I liked it. The machines feel hardy and can take a beating, I think.   I have one free personal trainer meeting next week as part of my new membership. The trainer sets up a fitness program with New members.   This place is a bit of a trek for me, but since its humble atmosphere speaks to me and motivates me, I don't feel bad about it. Besides, as I lose weight, the Goodwill is conveniently close by so I can get new workout clothes on the way down the scale.    Maybe I'll meet some Yelpers there.
4 I have been a member here since September of 2012, and it is the only place I train.   Notice that I said train. I'm quite serious about my fitness and goals and need a facility which has free weights, cardio equipment, and a lack of pretentious jerks trying to look great and not break a sweat.   The problem with this gym is to me, the lack of pride of ownership. Let me explain:  1. Does not require a contract.  2. Does not require a commitment  3. Is dirt cheap  While these are great in theory, they add up to people treating the gym and it'd equipment as though they have zero interest in keeping it nice and decent.   A gym that has a higher entry point price like a startup fee will see less riff raff.   The gym has a lot of people that start and never come back like any but the lack of a termination fee adds to the sense of "who cares?"   The regulars are generally good at putting weights away and then staff are always working and not trying to sell useless supplements.   Because all gyms suffer from the above problems, but this one a little more so, I remember the price and would actually rate this five stars however.   HOURS OF OPERATION.  Only open until 9pm Friday to Sunday?  And at 7am Saturday and Sunday?   This is las Vegas right?   Oh and the unique smell in the rest room?  This used to be a grocery store over 20 years ago. As such many of the floor vents you would find in a grocery store were covered up and this causes an odor.   I got that from a person whom I give full credibility too.  Thanks.
