2 We don't have this fast food restaurant in Canada so I had to come back here after a stop in Montana three years ago. I remembered the burger to be delicious. I know its fast food but that doesn't mean it can't taste good.  I had the original burger and the onion rings. I can say that while I ate every last ring, they were good but certainly not great. I had the burger the way it came and maybe I added bacon last time. It was good, I suppose even really good considering we are at a fast food joint. Its not going to unseat the Big Mac or even the Quarter Pounder in my mind but it was good. I think maybe i could eat here once a month, tops.  My wife had the Guacamole and Bacon burger. She really loved it. I don't know, not my thing but she insisted I try it. After saying no thank you at least six times I finally graciously accepted a bite. Like I said, not my thing.  She also had a creamsicle milkshake which tasted just like a creamsicle. Again she enjoyed it.
4 I love this place. The service is absolutely amazing. They are always really friendly and never screw up my order - - things that are very important when it comes to fast food. Their Apple Walnut Chicken salad is amazing! I also crave their fried zucchini on a steady basis. Carl's Jr has some of the best fast food burgers out there... if you want something fast and GOOD then I think you should stop here.
2 I have always been a huge Carl's Jr fan but recently the portion sizes have started to get smaller.   Anyone else notice this with the Hamburgers here?
3 generally very nice staff.  great burgers for fast food.  the drive thru tends to be very slow however many days.  Some days are better than others though.
2 I stopped by Carl's Jr. after a Doctor's appointment for some lunch, specifically to buy a Jalapeno Turkey Burger. The sandwich looked appetizing in its advertisements, as I love turkey burgers and enjoy anything spicy. Since Carl's Jr. usually makes pretty tasty burgers of all varieties, I was looking forward to eating a juicy, flavorful, spicy turkey burger. I was sadly dissapointed.        I have eaten turkey burgers from almost every type of restaurant imaginable: expensive organic restaurants, burger joints, college cafeterias, and backyard barbecues. I don't consider myself a snob, and I don't pretend to have the highest standards when it comes to food. However, the Jalapeno Turkey Burger that I ate at Carl's Jr. was one of the worst I've eaten in a long time. The pattie was extremely rubbery and dry, which means it had been sitting in a warmer for an extended period of time. The bun was a tasty wheat bun, but unfortunately it was squished to the size of two pancakes. The sauce was minimal and the cheese was non-existent. As for the spice factor, the jalapeno's added hardly any flavor or heat to the lukewarm burger. They were some of the most bland jalapenos I have ever eaten. Overall, I would say that all of the promised components of the burger were there, but they were all much lower quality than what I was expecting from Carl's Jr.
2 I've given this location a try many times and it always disappoints.  The food is not fresh and it doesn't taste good.  Every once in a while, I will get the urge to have a Western Bacon Cheeseburger and I'll have to drop by to get one....however, I always leave this particular location regretting my decision to do so.  Unfortunately, in Scottsdale, there aren't any other choices for Carl's Jr nearby.  Return Factor - 15%
5 Yum
2 Usually like to try new breakfast items once in awhile, but should have passed on the new fresh baked biscuit sandwiches. McD's still does a better sandwich in the AM. The biscuit was not biscuit crumbly like, but more of an English muffin taste. Bacon was fatty for the most part, although they were generous with the stuff and the eggs were blah. The price was right as it was two for $3, but besides that, this wasn't any kind of breakfast breakthrough.
