5 I just finished my first Bark Buster Consultant and I am so excited and impressed.  My trainer was Michelle Willey and she is so awesome.  I love that they come to your house and walk you through everything.  I have to say that at first I was really skeptical of this kind of training- "They really think that they can fix my dog in 3 hours?!"   The first hour she went over everything from the view of the dog.  It is amazing once you they tell you all this info how much of it makes sense.  Then the second part of the consult is the training techniques.  She was actually training me and my dogs.  There method of discipline at first makes you feel really silly - especially when your neighbors are spying on you- but when you see how well it works you will get over it.  Plus the more you use it with your dogs in the beginning the less you will have to do it. In the end i am extremely proud of the progress my dogs have made today and excited to have well behaved dogs!  1-877-500-BARK (2275) www.barkbusters.com
1 My experience was SO sub-standard.  I paid $450 for 2 hours of training and that was IT!  The trainer,  Randy Robinson, said he was giving me a $50 discount off the original $500 fee because I lived "close to" him and it would be easier to get here.  He never called to see how we were doing.  There was no follow up whatsoever on his part.  When I called well after the 60 days of supposed contract/support, he said he would come for another $75.  He certainly wasn't worth the original $225/hour of the original training and I was not going to pay additional for more of the same.  NONE of the proscribed methods worked on my wheaten/poodle mix who has a congenital disease (liver shunt) and is impervious to correction...or praise.  Randy's suggestion of saying, "BAH" may as well have been "good boy."  I feel I overpaid significantly for the limited and useless service I received.  Bear in mind, dear reader, that each franchise is individually owned and Michelle Willey may be superlative.  I would certainly not recommend Mr. Robinson's franchise.
1 This is not the training to do if you have any sort of escalated dog issue. They have one basic method of training, which is to throw water on a dog that is misbehaving, or throw a bean bag at it. Didn't phase my dog after the first few times.The trainer (Dale) that came out to us got red faced angry at me when I asked what the step beyond water was- his answer was to throw more water. For a fear aggressive dog, this was not the solution. Sure, the first time he came the dog listened, but after that- nothing. The trainer could not control my dog when we met at Petco. My dog was lunging, growling, pulling and the guy had doused him with a whole bottle of water, and expected results, of which he got none. They don't contact, don't check in,nothing. We did not follow up after the fourth lesson, as it was clear this guy couldn't handle anything beyond basic training, by by 500 bucks. So, if you have a dog without major issues and you need him to walk on a leash or something basic, this might be the trainer for you. Be prepared to mop your floors though.
