4 If you LOVE to eat you will LOVE the BITE of Las Vegas!! Everything from BBq,Mexican,Fine Dining,Chinese,Burgers and lots more.   We sample several booths as you can see from the pics.   My favorite of course @hashhousegogolv and the pork tenderloin sandwich. But thats just me being an Iowa boy.  Not only does this event have top notch music for CHEAP-Admission is ONLY $8 per person.  They always have 4-5 headlining bands like this year : @parachute @blueoctoberband @Uncle_Kracker @train plus another 1/2 dozen or so bands playing on both stages. Personally I really enojyed Imaginary Dragons!. @train did cancel because someone in the band was ill. 1st ever canceled show by the band. The show did go on....  There's was also a small midway with rides and games for the kids including a rock climbing wall and carnival food stands like kettle corn,corn dogs,funnel cake and more.  The main walk featured about 50 restaurant boothes serving food and drinks with GREAT PRICES-everything iwas UNDER $5!!! Did I mention admission was only $8!  Several booths like @PortofSubsLV offer even CHEAPER deals like $2 sandwiches & drinks.  CanyonRanch had kabobs 2/$3 and @hashhouseagogolv had sandwiches for ONLY $4.  The only knock on the event is parking but what can you really do with this many people wanting to park close enough not to have to be bussed in.  I'd love to see the event go for 2 days!!! That would be cool!!!
4 My sister and I went to the original venue held at the Fashion Show Mall parking lot, years ago- just wanted to show you how long I've known about it. We've gone a few times in the larger location- it's gotten huge (ie. packed crowd, so just a warning). The entrance fee has gone up, but you can get a four pack on www.lasvegashalfoff.com for $18. No outside food or coolers allowed.   Where else can you sample food from so many different restaurants at one time? It's like a super food court outside (but way better! most food courts don't impress me anymore, except Hawaii's Ala Moana) with live music (MIx 94.1 FM artists) and events scheduled- except the prices range from $1-$5 for smaller portions. One year, I got a humongous slice of Key Lime Pie for $1.00. The weather is just right at this time of year. The park, located on the west side, is such a nice one, that you can enjoy the grounds. It's a nice family thing to do. And the food choices are amazing. Make your rounds before deciding on what you really want or you'll be sorry.  We used to go to the San Gennaro Italian Festival but it's gotten pretty pricey for food and admission, that the whole thing cost us about $50 and this was a five years ago. This one's much better. Maybe, I can get my hubby to go this year. It's been a while. Food coma time.
3 If this were 2009, I would give it four stars.  This is my fourth consecutive year attending Bite of Las Vegas and unless my eyes are playing tricks on me, there were noticeably fewer food booths this year.  I had some Hash House and H & H Barbeque.  Both were great.  On the way out of the festival, I grabbed an LBS burger (yes, I grubbed hard).  Never eaten at the actual restaurant, but I was not impressed.  To me, there's just something so wrong about ketchup on a burger.  As far as the bands were concerned, I didn't make it to the headliner because I had to cut out early, but overall, the concert lineup was not as good as it has been in the past.  I will definitely be back next year, but I would like 94.1 to get some better acts. Ryan Starr? Seriously?  On a positive note, this festival remains one of the best values.  Unlike San Genaro Feast (which I have stopped attending), drinks and food are yummy and really reasonably priced.
3 This was my third year attending Bite of Las Vegas. Is it just me or is Switchfoot the main headliner EVERY year? I was very excited to hear that Sara Bareillis was performing as she is one of my favorite artists.   I agree with Heather, even though there were the same amount of booths as last year, there were noticeably less FOOD booths. I even noticed some booth's charging $6 for certain items, I thought all portions were to be between $1-$5.   The parking situation was HORRIBLE, I knew not to park in the Flamingo/Twain but I was still stuck in the rocky gravel. It would be fine if they had some kind of control of the aisles. Their were huge gaps between rows and cars that could have made parking a lot easier for many. My friend mistakenly went to the Flamingo lot and was told the only way out was to jump the curb, in a Honda Accord! That is unacceptable at an event where there is an entrance fee. They should have enough money from ticket sales to afford proper parking attendants. Less American Idol rejects, more parking attendants!  The food was really good and I definitely overindulged, I do like the layout of the event. You basically make a loop and try out whatever you want.
4 I'll be the first to admit - I'm a high maintenance lady! I hate lines, crowds, and in general I'm not big on festivals. After having a mental breakdown at both Lollapalooza and Taste of Chicago, I had basically decided I was too old for festivals and needed to give up trying.   This my friends is a festival even this high maintenance lady can handle. The parking isn't all that bad if you arrive early-ish in the day (like in the first 3-4 hours!), and from parking to festival entrance we're talking 10 mintues. Not a big deal. I do think it sucks to pay admission AND pay for all the food, but I know they are raising money for charity so whatever.   The food here is usually pretty good. It's not gourmet, but it does the trick. My main issue is most of the food is sizeable portions for like $5. Ok, it's called BITE of Las Vegas, I'd like to try lots of mini portions for $1-$3. Some places get the concept, but most didn't. At Taste of Chicago, for instance, each booth has to do a mini portion for like $1 or $2. I wish they'd kind of mandate that each place did one "BITE" portion for a small price, then sell freaking meal sized portions for those that want it. My husband and I usually split 3-4 $5 items before passing out into a food coma - I usually end up wishing my stomach and wallet had room to try more of the appealing items offered, but they are too damn big.   My other minor complaint is I wish there were more seating. It gets fairly crowded under the few tents they have with chairs. I guess I could plan ahead and pack a blanket or something? I'm never that clever though.   Overall it's fairly inexpensive, it's low key, and it has food - my kind of event. I've been 3 years in a row now and had a good time every year.
4 They have the best food from all over Vegas!
2 Not enuff handy-cap parking
5 This review is for the 2012 Bite of Las Vegas.  I had never been before.  Holy cow this thing was awesome.  I didn't show up until 7pm and it closes at 8pm so I was a little apprehensive but my gf still wanted to go.  I'm so glad we did.  Parking was FREE but it's at this really rocky dirt lot and I can't help but wince at thinking of what the poor tires are going through driving over all those rocks.  It was 15 bucks at the door, which let us in to a grassy area with a bunch of food trucks/tents.  We had just missed the Counting Crows concert, and we knew Matchbox 20 was going to be on soon, so we didn't have a chance to shop around.  I was seriously wondering if we kind of made a mistake coming here so late and if this would be a ripoff.  We found a vendor with no line (Bahama Breeze), grabbed a plate of habanero wings and fries for $5, and gorged on that while waiting in the longer line for H&H BBQ.  10 more bucks got us a sampler bbq plate and fried catfish.  Yum.  Then Matchbox 20 was on and well, that was the reason for this 5 star review.  Amazeballs.  The first thing they do is come out and say... "Hey everyone we love you for coming out here, and I know we're supposed to close at 9 but we are just gonna play until they kick us out".  Suddenly my respect for Matchbox 20 just went up several notches.  I didn't realize just how many songs of theirs I had heard on the radio over the years.  They sure were one of those bands I hear in the background on the radio, kind knew their name and all, but never really knew anything about them.  Really love how energetic they were and how dedicated they are to showing appreciation to their fans (or in my case winning over a new one).  Anyway now I'm totally kicking myself for not coming to this thing earlier.  Still, 15 bucks alone is totally worth a two hour Matchbox 20 concert.  Everything else was gravy.  I can't imagine the value this thing would have been if I got to see Counting Crows as well, plus had a chance to gorge myself on much more of the food.  Definately can't wait to come back.
4 I love this event. I look forward to it every year. This year was special. They always have a lineup of artists to preform but this year the headliner was Matchbox Twenty!  The "bite" started at 11 am but we decided to go at 3 pm to avoid being in the sun too long. There was parking in a dirt lot across the street and it was free. All the food ranged in price from $1-$5.  We checked out the food booths and tried the following:  "Texas De Brazil" was something we have already eaten at the restaurant but couldn't resist a bite of what they had. For $5 we got a sampler that  included a piece of Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Sausage, Garlic Steak and a Roll. This was worth every penny! So flavorful and the people working the booth were very friendly.  "Martorano's" is a restaurant inside "The Rio" and it is on the upscale side so this was the perfect place to try something like this and not have to wear a skirt or pay menu price! We split a "Philly Cheesesteak" that had caramelized onions, american cheese and was on a crusty roll. They were charging just $5 for the same size sandwich they would charge $16 for at the restaurant. It was very cheesy and tasty. I would defiantly eat it again but not for $16.  "La Salsa" had the best deal of the day. They were offering Steak or Chicken Tacos for only $2. We got a Margarita for $5 and 2 Steak Tacos. They were generous with the meat and cheese and it was very good.  "Molly Malone's Pub" (who was there is also apart of "Kavanaugh's", "Sean Patrick's", "Morrissey's", and "Mad Matty's Bar & Grill") had a booze only line and then a food and drink line. We just got a Coke that was $2 and "Pretzel Sticks" that were $1.50 on the menu but he only charged us $1. They were 2 BIG Pretzel Sticks and it came with a homemade cheese sauce for dipping. It was very tasty and I would like to eat at one of their Pubs to try other food.  Everyone was friendly there was plenty of security and police on hand keeping an eye on things. They always have someone emptying the trashes and keeping it clean. The only complaint I have is that there aren't any chairs unless you pay for a VIP section. It is hot during the day and standing for several hours is tough!  The concert stage is nice and we were pleased with how close we were. Matchbox Twenty rocked the park!
4 I came across this event while browsing Yelp for stuff to do. I was somewhat disbelieving when I finished reading the advert for this food festival and they tagged on to the end, almost as an afterthought, that there would be a bit of live music...including Ed Sheeran!   The line up changed a few times (originally Alanis Morisette was appearing) and I was waiting for Sheeran's name to disappear too. I checked again before leaving for the event, his name was still there, due to play towards the end of the 11-9 day.  Having parked for free, in the quickly filling field across the road, I walked into the Desert Breeze Park for a minimal fee of $15. This was obviously well advertised, most of the area in front of the stage was already a patchwork of blankets.   The smell of food immediately made me hungry. Every 20 yards brought a new aromatic assault; barbeque, asian, burgers. Each stall had to have dishes for $5 or less...many were $3. These were all tasters from local restaurants, stall holders talked about their restaurant and gave out tickets for 20% off when you next eat there.  After eating my body weight in garlic chicken and rice I went to find a position at the front of the growing crowd by the stage (using my freshly garlicked breath to my advantage). It seemed everyone there was waiting for Sheeran to take to the stage, the organisers obviously knew this and put on the less popular bands first. It was becoming a battle of wills...who would give up their spot in the blazing sun to bathe their heads, for a moment, in the relative coolness of the shade? I gave up...two more acts to go...I found a large truck to sit under and guzzle water, but on hearing the crowd roar I was able to squeeze into, maybe, the third row back.   Ed Sheeran is AMAZING! He was just on stage for 25 minutes (10minutes more than I banked on) but it was totally worth it.This event was real treat. The food was great, the guys on the stalls weren't pushy, the music was awesome. If there was a downside to the day, it was not being able to get out of the sun. Although fans were being handed out for free and you could buy water, I would suggest next year that hats and sun umbrellas be on sale and the limit, of bringing only one bottle of water with you, be lifted. The crowd thinned out a lot after Sheeran and I know, for me, if it had been cooler or more shady, I'd have stuck around for more garlic chicken and rice :)
5 This year was the first time I had gone to this event. In short I LOVED IT!!  I had seen a commercial on tv and heard Ed Sheeran was going to be there, I bought my tickets the next day. My plan was to go a little later in the day to avoid the heat since Ed wasnt going on until 5pm, but the group I went with wanted to go earlier to see a band that was playing at 12pm. I will say that the heat was a bit overbearing at times. They were passing out hand fans that helped and of course freezing cold beer! If you act interested enough you can find some shade at a few vendors too. You can also walk down into the park and find a nice shady tree to sit under. We were close enough to still hear the music and thats where we enjoyed most of our food.  I thought everything was well priced. Ticket $15, Parking Free, Drinks $3-5, Food $1-5. I ended up spending 40 bucks for the entire day from 11:30am to 6pm (LONG day) but well worth it. My only intention was to go see Ed Sheeran play, but I was actually glad that I got the full experience!!   The only thing I was turned off about (besides the heat) was that people had shown up early (even earlier then me) and "set up camp" by laying out full size blankets and sheets in front of the stage. Only leaving a few inches in between to walk through. It was pretty annoying when trying to make our way to the stage and tip toeing around them. I was actually surprised when we got dirty looks or even a comment or two for stepping on their disgusting dirty blankets.   All in all I would definetely go back! Even if one of my favorite artists wasnt playing.  Oh and Ed Sheeran was AMAZING. Which was no surprise!
5 As a loyal listener to Mix 94.1, I've wanted to go to BiteLV for YEARS, but was stopped by high school extracurriculars, going off to college, and life in general. Nothing would stop me in 2012. Matchbox Twenty as the headliner? Counting Crows on the lineup? All the noms I could possibly of in one area? $15 for pre-sale admission? You had me reeled in before you even cast the bait.  The event lasts from 11 am to 9 pm, but you can come whenever you'd like. Just remember that there's no re-entry. There were so many food venues to choose from that everyone will find something they'll like at a cost of $3 to $10 per item. I picked up a delicious chicken gyro and fried calamari from the Mad Greek Cafe booth.  Event logistics seemed well-organized with their volunteers and security definitely on top of their duties. The booths had ample space for lines and even small dining areas. If you're willing to shell out the extra cash, there is a raised VIP section behind , but I personally love the feel of standing close to the outdoor stage.  The live music left me speechless. I managed to make my way through the throng of Ed Sheeran fangirls to the front of the crowd, so my short Asian self had a great view of the stage for Counting Crows and Matchbox Twenty. Can I just say that they really know how to put on a show? An extended set until MB20 gets kicked off the stage? Seriously, it's a dream come true for this almost lifelong fan.  Every minute was worth it. From parking my car on the rocky dirt lot to watching my favorite band in concert live for the first time, this event was hands down worth all the waiting and the money. Mix 94.1's gonna have a hard time topping this one.
5 I've been coming to Bite of Las Vegas every single year since I moved here. Lots of food plus music, heck yeah! Great combo in my book. They do it when it's no longer unbearably hot in Vegas.  You get a map before you enter. The admission fee isn't bad. They did bump the price to $25 this year but still. Different bands/singers in one place...that's a steal! They had Train, Sarah Bareilles, Counting Crows, etc in previous years. This year was One Republic, Matt Nathanson, Better Than Ezra, Goo Goo Dolls and others. I was stoked to watch BTE and GGD! Hello 90's!  Restaurants/ businesses that participated this year include Texas de Brazil, Edible Arrangements, Via Brazil, Funnel Cake Cafe, H&H BBQ, Braddah's, Skinnyfats, McCormick and Schmick's (our first stop this year. Hi Sarah Marie! ^_^), La Belle Terre, Stripburger, Voodoo, Nothing Bundt Cake and many others. I'm surprised Whole Foods and Serendipity weren't here this year. You can get food for $2 and some combos for about $5...and they're small enough portions where you can hop from one place to another to try other goodies.  As usual, we got free food, alcohol and other stuff. Parking is quite complicated but did I say free stuff? Also, don't plan on using the bathroom when you come here.  The highlight of the evening for me was "Iris" by Goo Goo Dolls. Oh my, Johnny Rzeznik still looks the same! Mix 94.1, Mark and Mercedes...awesome event! 'Til next year...
4 This is my second time at Bite and I enjoyed the bands this time more than last. However I was not impressed with the food vendors. The last time I was here it was food truck after truck. This time there was only one food truck which was Sauced and I did enjoy them.   I had Braddah's and Skinny Fats as well as Drinks from Big Dog Brewery. We purchased the VIP tickets which gave us access to free food, beer, a covered tent and seating area as well as separate Port-a-pottys. We arrived around 11:30 and stayed until 5ish. I enjoyed all the performances the concert alone is 5 star but because the name has the word bite in it.. Minus one star for too many chain restaurants and not enough local flavor.
4 My wife and I had wanted to go to this for years.  We opted for the VIP tickets with the free drinks to include Budweiser products and water as well as 3 plates of free food.  We also had our own VIP covered area and 4 porta pottys.    We arrived at approximately 1230pm.  I was worried about parking, but it was well organized and easy to park.    The band lineup was great.  Plain White T's, One Republic, Better Than Ezra, Matt Nathanson and of course the Goo Goo Dolls.  We especially loved The Plain White T's, Matt Nathanson and the Goo Goo Dolls!  The Goo Goo Dolls were incredible!  Great opportunity to see so many great bands for the money!  The sound was also very good for an outdoor venue.    The weather was great as well.  Maybe a high of 85 and a slight breeze!  We did the Fremont St. free concert to see HInder in July and it was simply too damned hot to enjoy.  102 degrees at 930pm!!!  The food for the VIP was provided by Top Dog Catering.  The food, especially, the kabobs, were incredible.   The only negative was the amount provided.  We were each given a wristband that included three numbered tabs to get food.  The food was pretty sparse by 8pm.  Most of the trays were empty and people were waiting 15 or minutes in line for more food to be brought up from the grilling area.    Overall, an incredible value for the money.  We will definitely be back next year.  A couple suggestions for next years VIP section.  The chairs provided in the front of the tent were nice.  The little tables inside were nice as well.  However, a LOT of people in VIP did not get a chair or table and had to sit on the floor.  Maybe provide a chair for every VIP ticket you sell, or simply not sell so many VIP tickets?
3 I really enjoyed this event. I didn't eat much food, but there were LOTS of food vendors to please your appetite.  This was my first year going and I look forward to going next year.  I didn't arrive until mid afternoon so I missed some bands I was hoping to see.  However, I got to see Purple Rain, One Republic and GooGoo Dolls perform a few songs before we left early to beat the crowd. Which brings me to the reason I'm only giving 3 stars.  As I said, we left 1 hour before the concert was over, it took us approximately 15 minutes to get to the vehicle.  It took us ONE HOUR to get out of the parking lot.  There was very little organization to the parking lot I was located at. Apparently people who were far behind me began fighting. Thank goodness I wasn't in that crowd.  When the concert let out, everything got worse.  So I'm hoping you all fix the parking issue or find a bigger park with ample parking and organization to boot!
5 To be fair I was a volunteer with the burn foundation for this event so it was free to attend. However next year I plan to get VIP tickets. This event was ALOT of fun! they have a good system set up for entry which prevents long waits. The variety of food options is amazing and for a small price you get to try all sorts of food. Sauced came out on a list of favorites that I tried.  Not to mention a amazing line up of artists performing.  So many local companies show up and give out fun little goodie bags. Over all this was tons of fun and I can't wait till next year!
