1 RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL!  Very pushy, rude, and unprofessional behavior. Driving with a friend of mine who doesn't speak English. She saw a for rent sign, and is looking to move to a new home or apartment, so I called the agent listed on the sign.  No answer.   Called the office listed there, and explained that I had a friend/client who was interested in seeing the home and asked if I could have information on it. The man was very rude, told me to "call the agent, not me" and was extremely dismissive.   I informed him that I had called the agent already, and had received no answer, and this woman was interested in seeing the place today. The man started berating me about "checking the MLS" and whether or not I'm a licensed agent. (Uh, no, dumbass... That would be why I'm calling YOUR COMPANY, and not just looking at the place myself.), then hung up the phone.  Afterward, I *67 and called another number for the office. The same man answered, and I asked to speak to an office manager or person in charge to file a complaint. He recognized me and started berating me again. I pointed out to him that how dare he speak to a potential customer like that, and informed him that yes, he was the one I would be making the complaint against.  He interrupted me repeatedly and tried to act all pushy and threatening, and eventually I snapped that he needed to "learn some fucking manners". He told me he was the broker and there was no one I could complain to about him. I informed him I'd be filing a complaint with the board. He laughed and told me that he was friends with everyone on the board and nothing would be done.   A few minutes later, he called from a third number and started harassing me on my personal cell phone (he got the number from when I called initially), demanding to know who my "broker" is, etc.   ---  With the real estate economy in the shambles that it is, there are plenty of agents and agencies out there who are willing to do the work, and be courteous and professional in the process. I suggest you find one, and let this company run itself into the ground.
5 Manny and RSN went above and beyond their responsibility helping us get our home ready to rent!  My wife and I had to move pretty fast out of our new home in Henderson due to getting a new job in California. We were first time home buyers and had only lived in our NEW home for two years... We had no idea really what needed to happen to get our house ready to rent.   Because of the nature of our move we were only able to meet with Manny once. Everything else has been coordinated via phone, text and email. He was very responsive and even spoke with me on the weekends. I called a few other property management companies and NONE of them called me back on the weekends. He walked us through the process of what we needed to do to have our house presentable and ready to rent.  Unfortunately because we had to move so fast many things were left pending (paint, touch-up, carpet)... Manny patiently worked with us and even coordinated what was left pending that needed to be done to our house. I'm sure that was frustrating for him but he was definitely professional.  As for the reviews that said he was pushy or rude, I never got that impression. If anything, it was misunderstood as Manny wants to have good landlords, tenants and in turn a good relationship and therefore MIGHT come across as overbearing. BUT, it's only to get YOUR property rented out!  I appreciated everything. Thanks Manny and RSN!
5 Manny is a true professional and takes great care of his clients and their properties.  I have dealt with many property managers and most are hard to get ahold of, make a ton of promises and don't follow through.  I have found manny and his staff to be way above average and always tentative to the needs of the client.  If your looking for a pro call manny, they have nice properties and have great customer service.
