4 This was a great hotel to stay in! The price was right for what we got I was impressed. The rooms are 1960's modern very cool wallpaper, bedding, and furnishing all around the hotel and in the rooms. The one thing I didn't like was the lighting in the vanity mirror (putting on my make up wasn't so easy). The pullout couch isn't that comfortable either but it isn't awful just nothing special- so I guess if anyone with back problems was considering sleeping on the pullout sofa I'd say get a room with another bed rather. There is an indoor pool and an outdoor pool. The staff was nice here. The continental breakfast is pretty good they offered hot food such as waffles, eggs, and coffee... as well as cereals, yogurt, juice, and milk which starts at 7am and like all continental breakfasts it's good to get there when it starts sense everyone else is thinking the same thing! Great location if you are visiting or working on the east side of town, but a good 20 to 30 min to get anywhere near the strip.
2 We as usual when going between Reno and Phoenix stay a night or two near or in Las Vegas.  This time we opted for Henderson and the SpringHill Suites.  It is quite modern in décor with beaded and sheer floor to ceiling drapery to divide the lobby and eating areas.  The room too was decorated in this modern mode with very sleek surfaces and lighting. We had one of the longer rooms with a seating area and a sleeping area. A very nice clean view of downtown - strip area. I would have liked this place a lot.  But...... once again the beds were just horrible and Gus too agreed with me and he can sleep on anything. So I guess we won't be staying here again. Too bad.
4 Great hotel!!! We stayed with our travel volleyball team and took a short commute into Las Vegas daily. Clean spacious rooms, comfortable beds, fine staff and a decent breakfast to start your day. On our last day we returned in the late afternoon to find our room unmade. The maid came around 4 pm that afternoon. The only other minor complaint is the bathroom is in the center of the room, so if someone is getting ready early, they are right on top on anyone still in bed.
4 Chic, clean, nicely furnished rooms with couch and desk, has a tiny gym (but hotel guests also have access to gold's gym accross the road), tiny pool and hot tub (can also use outdoor pool by towne place suites accross the parking lot), wifi is included, excellent breakfast, and (drum roll) happy hour from 6-8 pm everynight.   A nice way to meet some of the other hotel guests.  Drinks are free but tips expected.  If I were to come back would definitely stay here again.
5 I was very pleasantly surprised at our recent stay at SpringHill. The rooms were clean and provided us with plenty of space. It was my mother and my daughter that stayed for 3 nights to attend a local dance competition. We had the 2 queen beds room and a pull out sofa sleeper. It was perfect for the 3 of us and allowed us to have our own space even in smaller quarters.  We had access to a small fridge, a microwave and a coffee maker, which was nice for us to keep drinks and snacks on hand. The shower and toilet were separate from the sink and mirrors, which helps out with 3 girls getting ready to go out. The staff was very friendly and accommodating - we asked for more blankets and towels and got them delivered to our room promptly and without hesitation. The free continental breakfast was tasty, with a do it yourself waffle maker, a variety of breads, croissants, muffins, bagels, etc. choice of cereals, oatmeal, eggs, bacon and all the fixings - even the staff manning the breakfast bar was helpful and nice. The indoor pool was fun, as was the outdoor pool. We even got late check out the day we left so we were able to enjoy the pool a little longer before we hit the road for the long drive home. I would stay here again in a heart beat.
2 In general I like this hotel.  I stayed there last week and my daughter left her favorite stuffed animal in a drawer.  I've called 3 times trying to get someone to check the drawer she left it in.  No one has called me back and they just keep saying if anything shows up we will call you.  Yeah right.  Someone's child has a new stuffed animal.
4 So far so good, i enjoyed staying here a month ago when i flew out for an MMA fight here in vegas.  It was centrally located to a coworkers home where there was an after party following the fights.     I am now here working for a few weeks, i have made this my hotel of choice when im out here working.  Beds are great plenty of pillows.  Im not that difficult to please, gotta love the 10 points per dollar.
4 I've stayed here twice, this time for an extended period (5 days).  Check in is a breeze. Rooms are stylish, free wireless.  Get this, during happy hour, the beer/wine is free at the bar. Wha?!?  No seriously.   You can use the workout room here (small), the one across the lot at the other Marriott (larger) or across the street at the Golds gym.  A couple of blocks away up Stephanie st. is a nice strip mall with a grocery store and some restaurants.  If you are into hiking, there are a lot of sweet trails on the outskirts of the area, close by.
5 I stayed at this hotel again a few weeks ago to attend the second season of my daughter's dance competition in Henderson and again, they were amazing. This hotel is clean and modern with spacious rooms that feel like mini apartments - it has a wonderful free breakfast buffet, a nice indoor and outdoor pool area and the staff is so friendly and accommodating. They allowed for us to have early check in, they allowed for us to have late check out and they were professional and courteous with all of our tiny extra requests, such as extra towels, pillows and even a cork screw to open a bottle of wine. I honestly can say I would never stay any where else in Henderson other than this hotel. They really have a true understanding of amazing customer service.
5 Great customer service, clean rooms, free beer and breakfast
4 We stayed over the weekend with a large group that was in Henderson for a lacrosse tournament. The staff were very accommodating. The overall hotel was clean. continental breakfast was good. Only bummer was that the indoor pool was closed. We will book here next time we come to town.
