3 first: the restaurant itself. some curved booths arranged in a triangle are located in the middle with pub tables on one side and dinner tables on the other. the large, u-shaped bar in the back of the restaurant is next to the kitchen. servers wear tilted kilt-esq uniforms, but connolly's are much cuter. everything is clean and new, which makes sense given the age of the restaurant. there are a TON of flat screens for sports games, ntn trivia and poker. lighting is more than adequate.  now, the food. i've now been twice. the first time hub and i dined with a friend. i had the fish and chips, g had the burger and our friend had wings and a side salad. the fish part of the fish and chips was too greasy for my taste; the chips part was cold. in my imagination the fries are bomb if they're hot. malt vinegar, extra tarter sauce and ranch were provided without anyone asking =) the wings were tasty, but lacked a good coating of sauce. side salad was big and they weren't stingy on the good stuff. the burger was served more well done than the requested medium but hub said he liked it anyway and would order it again. my second experience was just hub and i. we ordered apps and beer for him, iced tea for me. the iced tea was good, but weaker than i like. the meatball app was yummy and each of the 5 had lots of sauce. the wings were again good, but lacking a good coating of sauce - next time i hope i remember to order them sloppy.  on both occasions connolly's had plenty of patrons. the food was ready quickly and service was great. i saw a promo flyer that they do texas hold 'em tournaments on mondays - sounds like fun! i'm looking forward to seeing if this restaurant will "wow" me over time. i'm hoping they're just working out the kinks right now and that we're in for some consistently great bar food in the north valley.
3 we were back again on tuesday night for a little happy hour action. i was sad to see the meatballs were removed from the happy hour menu. we ordered wings and the tuesday night prime rib dinner special ($8.99) - we shared both items. the wings were saucier (without me asking!) than they were our last two visits - thanks connollys! the wings seemed smaller than our last 2 experiences though, and they were all bony on the ends .... not very appetizing looking. they tasted fine though. the prime rib was better than i expected it to be. not the fanciest cut or anything, but what do you expect for $8.99? i requested cottage cheese instead of the included potatoes, and connolly's obliged for an additional $1. no biggie. service was prompt and sweet, again. i swear they hire the nicest ladies in the area at connolly's.  i really want to give connolly's a higher rating, but the food's gotta be better for me to do it. come on connolly's, impress me!
2 Meh.  Extremely mediocre food.  Fine if you're looking for a pint or two but don't expect anything spectacular to come out of the kitchen - my husband and I have tried a few different menu items and have yet to be impressed.  It's not BAD, perse, just not memorable.   Kudos to the wait staff, they're all super nice and helpful.
3 I, like Rebecca, want to give a higher rating, but I have been there twice and my wife didn't care for it.  Irish bar/sports bar is basically a perfect mix of what I like and I thought the food was OK.  I need to go there and just hang out to watch some games sometime.  I've had a chicken sandwich that was just OK and the Wings I had there were OK as well but again nothing special.  They do have Smithwick's on tap, which is my favorite Ale.  I'll definitely go back since I live so close to it, but hopefully next time I'll have a better report.
3 Environment is OK --- although if you're going to put women in school girl outfits... at least make them semi-attractive.  I know that seems shallow but if the company is going to go the extreme of enforcing the plaid skirt with white blouse unbuttoned for cleavage show as the "official uniform" then please make sure it doesn't come with a spare order of muffin top or thunder thighs.  The food is pretty good but the drink specials and the beers on tap are less than mediocre.  I go here when my friends do and wouldn't go if it were up to me...
4 I've been here four times and I'm digging it!  It's so far up north that it's a nice break from the 'watch-your-rear" Westgate thug-a-dub-dub-gangstafied crew.  If I were a gangbanger here I'd be throwing it up for the NORTHSIDE (carefree highway, baby).  Never had a real meal here but I've had plenty finger food and a few troughs of alcohol!  Finally a bar that has darts, pool tables, and yes, occassionally beer pong.    I do have to disagree with Chris T's POV on the women in the Scottish skirts....c'mon dude it's women in skirts, bro!  Heck, I'd take a semi-hot girl serving me beerski's over a dude any day!  The outdoor seating is fun, nice televisions outside and usually a good crowd.    It's a good mix of people.  It's a biker-friendly bar but you will find all types here and everyone seems to get along.  The only thing I don't care for is the setup of the mens bathroom.  It's set up so that when the door opens, anyone looking can see the mirror, which looks right at whoever's throwing a whiz.    If you're up this far north, it's definatley worth getting your drink on.
4 Been here a few times and thought it was pretty cool. It is a nice stop up in the Way North end of town. There is not a lot of places to grab a bite & a drink out there in the wee late hours of the night. Lots of HD TVs and the music is pretty loud after dark.
4 Best bar in BFE north Phoenix/Anthem for Sunday football.  Tons of large, HD flat screen TVs showing every game. Get there on time and you should be able to find a seat where you can see every game you want to watch.  Sunday breakfast is mediocre, but cheap. Never been to a sports bar that has good breakfast anyway...  Lunch/dinner items are a little better than your average sports bar.  Decent selection of beer.  Good service.
5 Me and some friends recently went to Connolly's on a Monday night.  To our surprise, it was Karaoke night but, not the normal Karaoke ... The crowd was so much fun and the owners made us feel right at home!  The host was a blast and made all of us in the bar feel like life-long friends!  We sang and laughed all night!  The drink specials are awesome and the food was amazing!  I guess they have nightly specials so I would check it out online to see what each night offers ( www.connollysgrill.com )  We will definitely hang out there again! I've been to a lot of bars but, the owner usually isn't around and if you are not part of the normal "click", then you're not welcome .... NOT this bar! The owner was there and made everyone feel like family.  What a great way to do business! Good job Connolly's!!!
3 Great place to hang out on a Sat night when you don't feel like being around a bunch of kids. Nice mix of customers, friendly staff. Steak from here was surprisingly good...really good. The pours on the drinks are nice and DJ keeps a good mix of music to keep the crowd going.
5 Nice higher end b&g. No riff raff, an outdoor seating area and the female staff is very easy on the eyes!!
3 We came here on a Monday night not expecting much of a crowd, but it turned out that it had a lot going on! There were people of all types and ages there; it really is a welcoming place for anybody. They also had a few different activities going on (poker, karaoke, etc.)  Pretty good food for the price! We had the chicken tenders w/fries and the caesar salad with grilled chicken. Both were pretty cheap and were a good size.  Our server was a really sweet and laid back guy. The food came out fast.  All in all, this is a fun place for a quick bite to eat with waiter service. The food is also very plentiful and good, especially for the price we paid.
4 Nice local bar.  Karaoke on Monday nights is super fun!  A nice place to go with friends for a casual drink to hang out.
4 On a Monday afternoon it was a ghost town. Our server was pleasant, but not outstanding.   We had two burgers. Cooked just right & big! Loaded w/toppings. Onion rings were standard frozen bleh.  Tv's were all sports and helped the atmosphere. Overall, I would suggest this place based mostly on the burgers & tvs.
4 Better than expected. Very good bar food, excellent bangers and mash! We also had the monster cookie dessert, and it was amazing. We will deffinately go back. Only dissapointment, was the fries were nothing special.
3 Wednesday night... walk thru the doors... and see a bunch of kids climbing around everything... their parents clearly not parenting their kids.  WTF??  I thought this was a biker bar? Minus 1 star.  Drinks are expensive, music is good, and some of the waitstaff look like they need to get off the drugs.  I am all about having something nice to look at while I drink my beer, but... our waitress was a fail on that one for me.  I saw some others that were nice to look at... but they were but-her-face's. (everything was nice but-her-face)  The food is pretty reasonable for a bar and grill.  Nice big piece of chicken... juicy, cooked well.  Salad wasn't wilted.  Wednesday night was apparently a card playing night... not sure what they were playing but there was a pretty good crowd playing.
4 Great atmosphere. Went there on a Sunday for football and breakfast.  Had the country fried steak which was delish. The staff is super friendly.
2 I am a fan of Irish bars (given my maiden name is very Irish....) and am always up to check out a new one.  I happen to be in this area which is very new to me and was excited when I saw my favorite symbol...the shamrock! I went in on Christmas Eve not knowing what to expect and boy it was busy...I guess some important games were on.  Very loud but that is my fault for not enjoying the games...no stars lost were lost for that.  I notice it is not very clean..I mean it passes a quick visual but once you are sitting there for a minute you kinda notice for the area of town it doesn't really fit. I wouldn't call this a pub or even a grill.  I call it a bar.  With bar food.  Not great.  I had a burger...so soggy it soaked through the bun.  Bleh.  I say pass on by...for the price the atmosphere and food are definitely not worth it.
4 Best Fish and Chips you will ever have~!   We always go for UFC Fight Night and  ALWAYS have a good time. Staff is friendly, and attentive, until it gets busy. Then you disappear in the crowd. However, I have yet to have any bad service and we go about once every other week or depending on who is fighting, every Saturday night.   It is right up the street from our house, so its a nice easy drive, and a fun place with a great atmosphere. Everyone in there gets to know each other and its Nice to go somewhere that you don't have a million bar fights, and you don't have a bunch of snooty pretentious aholes hanging out.   Totally down-to earth and their food is really really good! I have had a lot of things off of their menu, however, my favorite are the Seared Tuna, Beef Medallions, Any of their burgers, and most absolutely my best favorite, the fish and chips. I do not know what they do different than any other place, but holy crap! AMAZING!   They tote that they have the hottest wings you will ever taste and fortunately, this is the ONLY thing I can complain about. Their wings suck! they aren't hot. They taste like they are doused in Franks Red hot. No I don't recommend them. But they do the IRISH food and drink perfectly and let's face it, Wings AREN'T Irish. So, it doesn't hurt my feelings that their wings aren't great.   Check it out, relax, enjoy yourself, watch a fight or two and come with your friendly attitude because everyone is cool.   Lata all, see you there.
5 Good atmosphere. Very nice staff.  Food is not fine dining but way above average for a bar.   They have good specials for dinner most nights.
3 All in all, this place is your run-of-the-mill sports bar.  TVs everywhere, tons of seats, female waitresses, and drink specials. My group went on wine Wednesday, which I highly recommend. The food is pretty good, but what really made my night, was the "jalepeno caps." Del Taco used to carry these, and I would dream of them when I wasn't in the Southwest. So thanks, Connelly's.
3 I like to go to local restaurants. I don't really like national chains. If guys invest in a community I support them.  I like this place better than galleghars  which is east on Carefree hwy. nice staff.  Food is just okay. We were there on free wing day   I didn't eat. My buddy said his salad was forgettable.  Lots of tv's.  Good for sports but by the end of the evening lots of tattoos ,skanks and bad loud hip hop music.  If you want a biker bar go up to Cave Creek and go to the Hideaway   This is really Anthem. It is a suburb. But it drags in people you would expect in south Phoenix   Wanna be bad asses. And there are always two bikes out front.  They must pull them out from a garage in back
3 Good food for a good price - the service was really good as well.     This place is LOADED with TV's so that you can watch them from ANY angle and they were not too loud either!     The atmosphere can be a bit loud though if you wanted to have a good conversation... LOL but that is ok if you know that in advance!
2 This grill wasn't really for me. I went with other people who liked loud places like this, but it's not really my style. The food wasn't too bad, but the service was pretty poor. It kept taking a long time for our waiter to come back, although they were kind of busy. Still, I probably wouldn't return here.
1 Food was okay... nothing to rave about.   But the service! Oh, the service.  We chose to eat in the bar table  area... the waitress was just shamefully bad.   Ignoring tables ... getting orders wrong... but she came up to the table and proclaimed "I totally forgot about you guys ", then laughed and said that "at least I'm honest ".  That was the last straw.   We've given you several opportunities to earn our business, and you've not taken advantage of a single one.
5 The best sports bar in the area!! They really go out of their way to make this place fun. AND there isn't a bad seat in the house for the game. Enjoy!
4 Always a good crowd at night...like the big patio and music videos.
3 Food was pretty good, I'd give it 4 stars for bar fare, but my "famous" black and tan burger was well done when ordered medium, small handful of fries, no pickle or other extras just a burger and some fries on a plain old plate. Pretty good though for 10 bucks, and my son's corned beef sandwich had lots of meat (and more fries). Only ketchup on the table so for mustard had to trek around myself because server was way too busy.  Service: everybody including manager looked like they just got home from their day job, didn't change and rolled in to wait tables. Sloppy dress, unprofessional serving skills, an occasional drop by to see if we were OK but certainly nothing special. Atmosphere is fun & active which I liked but service is just OK. A young, uninviting and non-smiling hostess put my group of six guys next to a baseball team of 9-year-olds which according to other reviews seems par for the course.  Summary: I live in Anthem no more than ten minutes away and we have 3 or 4 places just like this right there. I don't see any reason to drive the extra miles, the place is fine as an Irish bar but nothing special.
5 Great Sports Bar! Brian always goes out of his way to make sure we are good to go! Great people , great food, Great music! Great Bartenders and even great Bouncers! Always accommodating! All The Best Bucky/Cindy!
1 Fish fry!  I heard that Connolly's had a good fish fry so my friend and tried it tonight.  When we first walked in we were greeted nicely and shown to a table right away.  Our waitress came right away for a drink order and the drinks came quickly.  We both ordered the fish fry  and it came to the table about 10 minutes later.  So far we were really impressed with the great service and looked forward to a nice meal. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.  The fried fish was the worst I have had anywhere in any state.  Whatever kind of fish they serve it's absolutely awful.  At first bite I thought maybe the fish was undercooked because it was mushy.  But no, it was thoroughly cooked but very mushy.  We ate most of the meal and when I mentioned the fish texture to our waitress she said other people had complained about the mushy texture too.  She told us the name of the fish they use but I can't remember it now.  It's definitely not cod, walleye, perch, catfish, haddock, or any fish served at other fish fries.  We will probably go back to Connolly's sometime but we'll be smart enough to never order fish again.  BEWARE OF THE FISH.
5 Love the food!  I'm always happy with the service and the atmosphere is perfect for me.
4 Came here with a bunch of Broncos fans for the AFC Championship game and they did a nice job making us all feel at home, with plenty of shout outs over the PA to get our group riled up.  Connolly's Sports Grill is a pretty comfortable sports bar with plenty of TVs.  The food was decent, but portions are a little on the small side for a sports bar.  Went with an order of the potato skins, which were very small for the price.  There were only 4 of them, but they were good.  Real bacon always helps.  Next up was a chicken philly, made with cheese wiz, like they do in Philly (although other cheeses are an option if you wish).  I thought this was one of the better chicken philly's I've had, chopped up and sautéed with onions and bell peppers, served on a nice soft roll, with the cheese wiz holding everything together nicely.  And now for the joke of the day....someone at our table ordered the fish and chips.  While nobody complained about the flavor of the fish and chips, one piece looked a little suspicious in shape.  Could it be?  Did they confuse the fish and chips order and give us....Spotted Dick?    As soon as it arrived to the table, cameras started coming out and I knew photos of this "codpiece" were destined to go viral.  It was returned to the kitchen from whence it came, as no man nor woman could take a bite.  I'm sure looking at the picture, you all can understand why.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/connollys-sports-grill-phoenix#jCc8G2-5-vXaskiY3YayIQ  We finished up with a pretty good dessert of rolled cinnamon tortillas, deep fried, and topped with caramel and vanilla ice cream.  Overall if you are in the neighborhood and need a sports bar, Connolly's is a good choice.
4 Checked around to see what sports bar had the Big 10 Network, and Connely's the only one anywhere near in N Phoenix. Looked a bit like a biker bar out front with numerous parked bikes and kind of dark inside, but lot's of TVs and low light made for good viewing. Expected country music but it was more alternative, pretty loud, but excellent selection in my opinion. Seemed like a pretty diverse crowd on a late Sunday afternoon. The service was very friendly and prompt. Not a great beer selection, but did have some craft brews on tap along with a number of Irish brews. The burgers we had were excellent and so were the sweet potato fries we had as a side. I highly recommend them. I guess you could call this an Irish pub Sports bar, but pretty hard to label. A lot of TVs and very willing to put on what you want, good food and friendly service, so no labels required.
5 Great place to take the kids and get them their first beer. Oh wait they're not 21 yet. We'll once their older they can drink with ol' dad. For now I'll just have to drink a few iced cold brews for us all. I really do enjoy this place. It's very close to some friends houses and we all can kick back and enjoy ourselves here. Good atmosphere. Always try to catch some nfl games here on Sundays.
4 The staff is great, love the atmosphere and the fish and chips are the best I've had since moving to AZ.
1 HORRIBLE! Been here a few times and this was the last night we'll ever go there. Husband ordered all you can fish and chips which came out with maybe 3 small pieces of fish. By the time the waitress came back much later, he re-ordered more. After waiting 20 minutes, a nasty woman with short blond hair bought over 2 tiny pieces of fish. Seriously??? I worked in the rest. business and it doesn't take 20 minutes to fry up 2 fish "nuggets"! And to only bring 2 fish "nuggets" ????  What a JOKE!!! My husband left there hungry! Your cole slaw is nasty also!! And ketchup tasted nasty. We were so pissed we paid and left.  I will give your fish tacos 2 thumbs up. I will miss those.  The 1st waitress who gave us menus and our drink had NO personality. Our actual waitress who we had before was nice. The woman who gave us the 2 fish nuggets came, dropped them on the table and walked away without saying anything. You need to find some waitresses with PERSONALITIES!  We won't be going back to this place!
1 Me and a coworker went there during the World Cup USA game and it was a complete mess. I worked in a bar for 8 years, and this was the worst experience ever. Waited 15 minutes for service. Waited 30 mins for food. Then another 30 minutes for the waitress to come back over and another 25 mins to pay. The TVs are too small 42" TVs are not what anyone wants to watch the game on, and they are mounted too high. The bartender was also the waitress!!! I couldn't believe that Connellys would set her up for failure like that, she could make a lot more money working somewhere that cares about her.
4 Fun place and cool staff! There is always a decent crowd and the owners are usually on hand and they do what they can to make sure you are enjoying their place! I would definitely make this a regular stop!
