5 This place provided me an excellent experience.  I have traditionally used mobile groomers for convenience, but I find the companies in Las Vegas are frequently late and tough to schedule with.    This company was able to get me a same-day appointment, has very reasonable rates, and even offered to call me when my dog was finished so that I didn't come back and wait.  My dog has arthritis and is prone to anxiety, but he was very happy there.  I will surely go back.
5 I've been taking Pearl (my spoiled furbaby) here since she was only 12 weeks old. Pearl loves all the staff here and gets super excited and starts wagging her tail as soon as we get inside the door. This is important to me in a grooming place - the fact that my dog doesn't mind coming here says a lot! Prices seem reasonable (currently a minor groom job on Pearl is $25) and they are open 7 days a week. She always looks incredible when we pick her up - I'm a sucker for the stupid bows, I'm not going to lie!
4 This was a pretty great grooming experience. I've been trying several different places and have yet to find "the one". This place might just be it.   The staff were incredibly nice and friendly. They took the time to truly listen to what I wanted. And they emphasized that anything I wasn't happy with, they wanted to know about it and would note it for next time. They also emphasized that they have several different groomers - each with their own style - and I was welcome to request a different groomer next time if I so wanted (or request the same groomer).   Scheduling an appointment was really easy and it was probably the quickest grooming experience I've had.   And I just loved the tie they put on my little guy - much better than just a regular bandana.   So overall, I'm pretty pleased. I'll definitely be coming back here again.
1 I had a HORRIBLE expirience.  I felt rushed and I felt as though the groomer didnt really listen to me.  When I picked up my dog, the groomer had done the exact OPPOSITE of what I had asked for.  I asked him NOT to cut the face or the top of the head, just the body.  When I picked him up, he has cut off ALL the cute tuff on top of his head, shaved his face, and didnt appear to cut the rest of him at all.  They still charged me full price.  We will NEVER go back!
1 Ultra rude! Walked in to ask about getting my cat groomed and you would have thought I was trying to rob the place. Either way, I won't be back.
4 So far so good! I have been looking for a groomer for my 2 dogs (daschund terrier & yorkiepoo) for almost a year and found Petiquette on Yelp and Citysearch. The reviews were great so I decided to give it a try. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. My dogs came home very happy and handsome. I am going to schedule their next appointment. I would definitely recommed this place.
5 I've been taking my dogs here for many years and wouldn't consider taking them to any other place.  I've been to numerous groomers through the years and find Petiquette to be the best.  I have several groomers within blocks of me but I will drive the extra distance to Petiquette.  My dogs are very secure here (the most important thing).  There is a door separating the grooming area from the lobby. (Some other places don't have this).  My dogs are also comfortable with Tara, who grooms them all the time and does a great job.  The staff and owners are extremely friendly.  I would highly recommend!
5 Thank you Yelp for helping me find a super great fantastic dog groomer.  OPEN SEVEN DAYS A WEEK! http://www.petiquettepetgrooming.com/  I was surprised to find a dog groomer open on Sunday and Mondays.  I made an appointment the day before for 11AM and my dog was done by 2PM.  My biggest pet peeve about some dog groomers is that they make you drop your dog off super early or they keep your dog for 4 hours or more.  But this place had great turnaround time and my dog got a very good haircut.   I will definitely take my dog here again.
5 Really nice staff. Good job on haircut.  I have only been once so far but would go again.
5 Best customer service! This is the only place I'll bring my babies. Professional and clean. 5 stars!!
5 This is a great place, the staff is always so nice. We have been going here for years.
5 Extremely happy with their service...They actually do care about your pet. Mike is always very friendly and has gotten my dog in at the last minute quite a few times. When I pick my dogs up they always look awesome..including the cool scarves they put on them after their bath and groom :)  Thank you Petiqutte for treating my boys so well!
5 Definitely delighted with this place! I was ready to pay $70 and it came out to $45 for cut, nails, bath, eats clean and teeth brushed. My dog came back relaxed and not frightened like he did returning from Petsmart.  Mike did an amazing job and he was calm and cooperative with my very hyperactive maltipoo.  The service is quick too, only two hours!  I'm highly recommending this place to all my friends with pets!
5 Really could not be happier with this place. Brought my newly rescued, very fluffy and in need of grooming Persian cat here. The staff was extremely friendly. The cat was finished right at the 2.5 hour mark that they had said when we dropped her off. Having been around several Persians for the last 15 years that were given lion cuts 3-4 times a year at various places in various cities, I can honestly say that this is the best I have seen a cat look when coming from the groomer. Best off all, she seemed quite calm and relaxed when we picked her up. I'm very glad that the first groomer the girlfriend and I tried upon our move to Vegas is the one we plan on keeping!
4 I brought my dog in for a bath,brush, and a little deshedding..the staff was very friendly and caring of the animals. Dropped off my dog at 8 and he was ready at 9:30. My pug, Otis, came back very clean and smelled great. The only thing is that I wished they would have cut his nails shorter. But overall very happy :)
5 So very happy with Petiquette!  I was a first time customer with my young, male, long hair cat. Needless to say, I was nervous!  The owner brings his own cats in for grooming so I immediately felt better. Super nice folks working here & my cat looks great! He wasn't upset or anything.  I will definitely return.
5 My cat sheds year round and it doesn't help that she's all white. I never thought about getting her groomed due to the fact that she's a scratcher and a biter. After reading some reviews I figured I could give this place a try.   Appointment set up was fast and easy. I was told a time frame and they were right on time. My cat was shaved and groomed just the way I wanted. They said she did great which amazed me and showed me that they were great with cats.   I'm extremely happy with how easy it is to set up an appointment, the promised time frame, friendliness, and grooming result.   I went back with my dog and had the same amazing results.
5 This is the only place I will take my Yorkie Mosby!   I can tell the groomers are kind to the animals and they consistently do good work. The owners are very nice. The best part about this place is they have enough staff to quickly get my pup back to me. He's usually finished within an hour and a half to two hours. Reasonably priced as well! :)
1 No way we are ever coming back!! When I saw all of the great reviews I thought this was a no brainer.  I was wrong. I have a 10  month old Maltipoo male. I had asked for a trim and his nails cut, but they heard "shave him down and  cut some of the nails". My dog was shaved even closer underneath (almost to the bare skin) and during this hack job, they nicked the area where he was neutered. This, of course, irritated him for 2-3 weeks. After a $140 vet visit, with a shot and some medicine, he is finally returning to normal. He started licking his paws recently and we found that his dewclaws were never trimmed! His haircut was so drastic at first I thought we had a different dog. They even groomed him to look female. For whatever reason they have a standard haircut for all poodles and poodle mixes. To help you translate words and phrases just in case you ever decide to use them, here are some tips: Trim=shave. Cut the nails=just cut whatever you want. Be careful around his "male parts"=shave it up and nick it if possible. Poodle=female dog. All of this and they even asked for a tip. $45 for a cut and a nail trim.
