5 I was very happy with the service I received.  The body shop is super clean and they saved me money by giving me honest advice on dealing with my insurance company.  There was plenty of parking and I found the shop convenient even though I live in Southwest Las Vegas and Automall Autobody is in Henderson.  Worth the drive!
5 Best repair shop in the Las Vegas valley.  If you want an Autobody shop with integrity, this is your choice.  Great facilities (they even have an arcarde!) and an even better staff.
5 unbelievable !!!!!   i wish if i could give more than five stars. my car came out just like auto show looking car. love it!!!!! amazing job and excellent customer service. I feel so lucky,I had a couple of times  bad experience from other body shops. i'd like to thank you to wesley and all the staff, you guys are the best!!!!!
5 This place is awesome! The customer service is incredible and the mechanics are straightforward and knowledgeable... I'd have to say this is the best body shop in Las Vegas, Nevada, if you need your car looking top notch and running smooth bring your car to their massive, state of the art facility. They even have an arcade to entertain you while you wait!
5 Excellent service!  The employees took care of everything from the repair to the car rental. This business genuinely treated me with care and showed me they appreciated my business.  Without a doubt, a 5-star business indeed.
5 Outstanding service from the time I walked in the door until the time I picked up my car. Obviously no one wants to spend time in a body repair shop, no more than a person wants to go to the doctor because you want to go there to hang out. You go to the auto body shop because you generally have had a misfortune by your own doing or someone else's. You're already not in a good mood, or at least your best mood; there's a price you're going to pay. Automall Autobody did a wonderful job in managing the mood, offering me water on a hot day, quickly getting to the bottom line, and coming up with a fair estimate. The job was done right, and quicker than the estimated time suggested. This was as good as it gets in having an experience at an auto body shop.
5 Automall is the best! First they fixed my wife's BMW bumper and then they did my Mazda a month later when it got hit!  These guys do professional work and the staff in the office is friendly and knowledgeable. I will be taking my cars here for as long as they are around. Hopefully....I don't have to be in much!
