2 The online menu looked good.  And we'd driven by this restaurant several times and noticed a full parking lot each time.  So when an offer for "$15.00 for $35.00" showed up on Groupon we bought it.     Sodas and draft beer were $2.00 each. This is pretty standard.  And that's where my positive comments end.  Our initial server was not very friendly and service was slow.    Chips and salsa were placed on the table after we were seated.  And when we asked for more, two servings were promptly brought over.  But it was not mentioned that we would be charged $1.99 each for this.  The food was okay. Well, at least the Shrimp Fajita entrée was.  However, according to the menu, the Baked Feta appy came with Pita but instead it was served with packs of saltines. Apparently, they ran out of Pita bread.  But instead of being advised of this, they just brought it out with the crackers. Also, the fries that came with a burger plate were cold.    And finally, considering that we were only a party of four, I was very surprised to see Gratuity already calculated at 20% and added to the bill.   If there was a 1.5 star rating, I would have chosen that.  I highly doubt that I would give Crazy Earl's another try anytime soon.
1 This place is terrible from the furnishings to the food! The place looks like a diner from the 70's, and no this is not a good thing! It even has a musty smell to it, gross! Ok, on to the food.. We had a cheese crisp appetizer which was not bad. The chips and salsa were also not bad. So far so good, right?! WRONG! Next up, our entrees. I had two ground beef tacos which were disgusting! I am not even sure the ground beef was really beef?! My boyfriend ordered the ultimate fajitas, which included chicken, steak and shrimp. This came to the table sizzling, hmm... maybe this would be good?! Nope, all three meats were terrible! Very salty and chewy! My son ordered country fried steak...This was god aweful! Our bill before a tip was $47! What a waste!! Do not step foot in this place, you will regret it!
1 The single star is for the only decent item on menu, the cheese crisp. The food was gross, I had chicken enchiladas. My husband had a steak after he was told his first two choices were unavailable. Service was fine.
1 Sadly, I have nothing positive to say about our dining experience here.   The dining area smelled like smoke (the door was open and there were smokers eating nearby on the outdoor patio).  We waited 10 minutes just for the waiter to acknowledge us. Waited another 35 minutes for our food (no exaggeration -- I was timing it and almost walked out).  When the food finally came, I could only take a few bites before I started to get nauseous. As soon as I'm done with this review, I'm looking for a bottle of Pepto-Bismol.  They could definitely stand to make their service a little more efficient and their menu a little more digestible.
3 Understand the restaurant has closed.  2/28/2011./
1 I noticed that Sherri J mentioned the setup looked like it was from the 70s and she's correct. I saw photos of my parents sitting in a booth there in 1979 and the furniture and decor was identical to what it is now.  The restaurant was originally called just Earl's. I think they added the "Crazy" to it in recent years to hopefully drum up business. The food quality has gone steadily down hill the past 8 years. I used to come here as kid when I visited my grandparents in Sun City. It its heyday you'd have to wait for an hour for a table. The good was delicious especially the Mexican pizza. It was the best Mexican pizza I've ever had anywhere.  The original location was down the street and around the corner in the northeast corner of the strip mall on 99th Ave and Peoria. In the early 2000s it moved to the current spot and immediately the meat used in all the dishes got horrible, like they started using low quality institutional stuff to save money. The Mexican pizza, which uses ground beef, remained the same so I guess it was cheap enough not to substitute with junk meat. But we noticed as the years passed the parking lot got less and less full as did the dining room.  We used to drive 40 miles to come here up until a few years ago. It was worth it if we just intended to have the Mexican pizza which used to be only $4.99 for a 12 inch then went up to close to $8 but was so delicious it didn't matter. After a while not everyone wanted just the pizza and everything else on the menu was so god-awful we just stopped coming.
4 I'd just like to say I had a great experience at this restaurant. After finding out they had new management I wanted to give it a try despite the reviews. I had the Chicken Chimi which was excellent. Unlike a lot of Mexican restaurants it had all white meat in it. I found the service very attentive. Also, one thing that I see missing from a lot of businesses is just a simple "Thank You for Your Business". I do judge customer service when I go anywhere. I was very happy with theirs.
