4 This Denny's is collocated with a Tahiti Village timeshare. The food is always fresh and the service is good. The Grand Slam breakfast is my favorite and I'm delighted it's available 24 hours / day.
4 Always great service even during a Sunday afternoon right in between breakfast and lunch. I've been here a couple times during that busy period and have always left satisfied. The longest we have waited for a table has been 20 minutes or so. The service probably makes the food seem 10 times better.
5 Very nice waitress. The food was hot and delicious. The best part, they supplied my mom with an endless amount of coffee  :]
5 Yelp Challenge 365 #143/365 (Las Vegas Adventures: First stop, Denny's)  Denny's is the mainland Zippy's. It's pretty much a go-to if you are traveling especially since you'll see the signs "Denny's, next three miles"  However, we didn't have to hunt around for it, thanks to Yelp and Google Maps!   The Highlights of our Denny's Experience  - Located in the Tahiti Village and they have free valet (if you're too lazy to park your own car)  - We were quickly seated   - Service was quick and friendly since there was more than one waiter/waitress to our table  - Coffee and beverages were always refilled  - Even though the restaurant quickly filled up, the staff including the morning manager made their rounds to everyone to make sure everyone was all right  -Food was hot and fresh  Overall, it was the team effort of the staff that made this experience enjoyable and relaxing especially since we just arrived in Las Vegas that morning.  A big shout out to Ms. Karen Krym, the morning manager for Denny's on that Thursday morning! Thank you!!!
4 This was a nice Denny's.  Looks like parking might be an issue sometimes, but we found a spot and dinner and service were up to par with the other best Denny's we've been to.  Clean restaurant and nice staff.
2 We stopped into this location for an early breakfast one morning. The restaurant seemed clean but didn't have many customers. It was us, along about 5 or 6 other tables so I know they weren't too busy to provide basic service!  The service started out fast - the waiter took our order and delivered our drinks in about 5 mins. Of course he never returned to fill our drinks during the entire meal, all while refilling the drinks of the table next to us 3 times!   When he delivered our food, he got half of it correct. Instead of blueberry pancakes, he brought banana pecan ones. He didn't bring any toast and delivered fried eggs instead of scrambled. The worst part was that he never returned to ask how our food was (the food he correctly delivered was pretty good).  The highlight of the meal was that we got to watch the table next to us (with 3 girls) get top notch service!
4 Food was good and cooked how we wanted. The place was clean and our server was great. You can't ask for more than that in a Denny's. nice alternative to spending money since it is right next door. I'm not a fan of chain breakfast establishments but this place serves the purpose. Conveniently next door and open 24 hours.
2 This isn't the best Denny's (their food is slightly "off" compared to other locations) but it's attached to the Tahiti Village resort, so that is to be expected. It's a pain in the butt to park here since the lot is filled with resort guests. Sometimes you have to park next door at the Budget Suites and walk over. Since this location is located in a resort, the prices are slightly higher than off-resort locations.   I love Denny's and eat at them all over the country but this location has the worst service ever. I've been here several times and have had to wait to be greeted, to be seated, to be given menus, etc. It usually takes FOREVER for a server to even acknowledge you at all! The service problem here really needs to be addressed. Even when it's not busy you will wait and wait and wait. I was just here a few weeks ago around 10:30 pm and there were several employees and only ONE OTHER TABLE in the joint. We waited almost 15 minutes for somebody to greet us and take our order and then another 35 minutes to get 2 orders of pancakes. Yes, pancakes! That is the quickest food know to man to cook! Don't go here if you are short on time. Slow, slow, slow.
5 I was skeptical of this place after reading the reviews, but we enjoyed the food and the service. When we arrived the line was long but it moved SO fast! We got seated within 10 minutes. Our waitress took longer to get to our table and take our order, but she let us know that she would be right with us. It was packed in there, and she was swamped with tables.  Considering how many people were there, our order came up in no time. The food was great, REALLY TASTY! Silverware was clean, she refilled our waters for us when they were low. No complaints!  *we ate here for 5 days straight while in Vegas and Only had a bad experience on the last day, Friday. If you come here, ask to sit in Pamela's section. She's the best. Everyone else is really hit or miss.
4 Convenient Strip location.  But not convenient parking unless you valet since its on the Tahiti Village property.  No biggie I enjoyed the walk.  Great Value slam as usual fast service and for 4 bucks, a great power up breakfast. Yay Dennys
3 Enjoyed breakfast after realizing that number 1, renting a car is cheaper than getting a taxi on the strip and number 2, once you rent said car, you open up your trip to a world of cheaper options not on the strip. Your wallet will thank you. Case in point, I paid $26 for two people at Denny's and at a buffet on the strip for breakfast, I paid $40 for two people. Do the math y'all.
3 Hair in my pancake..  This is the only way ill send food back.  Other than that very friendly fixed the issue took 20% off;  its dennys...
1 Everything was too salty and my salad lettuce looked a week old. They need to weed out the mushy wilted lettuce out even if they have to serve at 1/2 serving. I couldn't eat it after seeing them in front of me. I felt bad for the waitress who's trying so hard & cook is ruining the tip. My family said bread was the best. Yaeeks.
1 The only reason we went here was because we were staying at Tahiti Village and didn't have a car. The food was ok. The service was terrible. Our waitress went on break halfway thru our breakfast and the woman that took over never came back. After we finished eating we waited patiently for the check while she just kept walking by, ignoring us and taking care of everyone else. Finally after about 15 mins I flagged her down and asked for it. Another ten minutes later and we still didn't have it. I had to walk out so I didn't cause a scene. We spent more time waiting to pay then the entire meal took. Go down the street to RePetes. Much better food and service.
