3 Ok, this is "New China Buffet".  Clever name, eh?  It occupies the building (& took the phone number) of East Buffet, which closed over 2 years ago.  This is a nice place, fairly large, & there's a banquet room available to hold you & about 40 of your closest Yelpie friends!  I counted up a generous selection of 69 main food choices, & there are plenty of comfortable booths & tables to choose from.  The worst about the place is hot air blowers instead of paper towels in the bathrooms, & their chow mein is greasy.  With that said, the food was good overall & there were special treats here & there, such as the delicious Lychee Pork, & the some tangy breaded cheese sticks.  Lunch $6.99 including drink.
3 Wow, this fairly large Buffet has enjoyed a major remodel since the last time I was here!  It's nice inside, & they were up to 81 food items this time, not including sauces & dressings.  There's a Mongolian BBQ now, & a little Sushi as well.  There was a good variety of food out today, including beef ribs, Italian Sausage, squid & other seafood, & of course lots of chicken dishes.  Everything tasted good, seating in my booth was comfortable, & the table service was good.  However, there were a few...  NEGATIVES     :-O  *  With only an air blower in the bathroom & no paper towels you are left with using toilet paper to open the two doors to get back into the dining area.  At the second door, there is no place suitable to throw the paper away.  *  TVs were blabbing.  *  The salad selection was weak & split between two different serving tables.  *  The soft ice cream was watery.  All in all, this place is providing an honest 3 Star lunch for the money.     :-)  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $6.50/$5.85 Sr.  (Sunday:  $8.50/$7.65 Sr.)
4 Very clean, airy, open dining area, with large sunny windows and lots of space.   Many, many dishes to choose from, including salad, sushi (nothing to write home about, though, on the sushi), soups, and the usual Chinese food dishes. They also had some unusual dishes, probably geared toward the American palate, such as cheese wontons and stuffed puffy pastry thingies.  The only negatives I can really mention are the soups are uncovered, and I could not bring myself to have a bowl, as much as I wanted to, because all I could envision was some nasty customer coughing and that cough landing in the soup. Also, there are no paper towels in the restroom and it would be nice to be able to use a paper towel to open the restroom doors. (There are two doors separating the dining room and restroom.) Lastly, the soft serve ice cream is more like ice milk - not sure if they are using the cheapest mix out there to save a dollar, but the stuff is really kind of nasty, frankly.   As compared to another Chinese food buffet I recently reviewed, this place is MUCH, MUCH better, and about the same price. New China Buffet has many dishes, with each one having its own flavor, as opposed to that other Chinese food buffet I reviewed about a month ago where every dish tasted the same. New China Buffet's foods are fresh, not overcooked, and have good flavor, each unique to itself.  All in all, you can't ask for a better buffet for the price, and the place is very clean, the food was decent, and the staff was very friendly and helpful, without being obtrusive. I'll definitely be back.
1 This was the worst Chinese restaurant I have ever eaten at.  The food tasted terrible and the serving utensils were disgusting.  The egg drop soup ladle was caked over and had a layer of old soup stuck to it.  The orange chicken was hard and looked as though it had been sitting for a while. And even the ice cream was off with its consistency.
