2 Just opened up by St. Rose, San Martin hospital. They share space w/ Subway. I got 2 donuts, both very dry. Were they made yesterday? And they left a weird aftertaste in my mouth (no jokes please) that I could still taste 6 hours later. wtf.
1 I was excited that this is close to my house but after giving it 3 shots I can say it is just no good. I went in tonight and there was an employee there who had no idea what he was doing and took 15 minutes to make me a drink. Then I had to pay $4 for a tasteless chilla. I want my money back but I can't be bothered arguing over $4. The people with me got donuts and said they were stale.
3 Just an average run-of-the-mill commercial donut shop. Very clean. Open 24hrs & housed together with a Subway.  Donuts were fresh. The devils food cake was moist & chocolaty and the glazed had good flavor. I think Winchells is a lot better then Dunkin Donuts or them nasty sugar holes from Krappy Kremes. Overall grade C. Selection was decent.
4 This easy-to-get-to place has always been my downfall after enjoying drinks with friends.  I mean, who wouldn't enjoy fresh, delicious donut holes, apple fritters or a good ol fashioned cake donut to soak up the alcohol in your stomach?!!  Some people need a greasy burger after a night on the town...nothing wrong with that, but this evil place is close to my home....and it is a loyal to me every time I drive home.....
4 Great donuts!  Got 1/2 dozen after drinks at Born and Raised next door (how convenient) for $4.99.  At about 7pm on a Sun night they had a pretty good looking and fresh variety.  I asked if I can mix and match anything (apple fritters/ cinnamon rolls/custard filled etc) he said "anything" so I got a combo of raised, cake, custard filled and cinnamon roll donuts.  The cinnamon Rolls are huge! I cut it in half and ate the other half for breakfast.  Although they had a pretty full variety, they did not have any maple donuts at the time =( but what do you expect, it was a Sun night at 7p so I'm not that surprised, I was pretty impressed and happy with what I had.  I noticed some donuts at other shops give off a greasy taste in your mouth when they're a day old, but not Winchell's, their donuts are good for at least the next day...or two! What?!?
5 I love this donut spot! They clearly have changed since the poor reviews were written... I have never been disappointed here and have been a handful of times. Donut eating challenge, anyone? YUMMY!
5 Great place for some donuts!! You know Homer Simpson loved this place so should you!!
5 First time coming here. I was greeted as soon as I walked in. Donuts are on point! Whenever I go to a donut shop, they are always out of something. But this one, wasn't and it was seven o'clock in the morning. They were putting in fresh ones too. The lady behind the counter was so nice. I do appreciate good customer service. Wish I got her name. But this will be my go to place now!!!(:
1 This place usually rocks but not tonight. Walked in and I was the only customer. The guy behind the counter said we'll be with you in a minute. I waited for more then a minute. The guy just stood there...I finally walked out.
