5 So my husband and I need some extra cash for our upcoming road trip to Texas and I have the awesome idea to scale down my jewelry collection, get rid of crap I don't wear and maybe make some extra dough. After finding one gold ring and a few silver earring singles (where are their mates? who knows?), I head to Diamond Jim's. He was super friendly and explained each step of the buying process. My jewelry was examined right in front of me! I left with $70 and room in my jewelry box for more treasures:) I highly recommend Diamond Jim's to anyone wanted to sell unused jewelry or gold/silver scraps.
5 Been to diamond Jims twice now. I love this place. I sold some things and got done jewelry fixed. Thanks!
5 I like this place a lot. I stopped in here with a watch that needed a battery, a ring that needed to be sized, a broken chain that was laying in the bottom of my jewelry box for years and a broken earring that was my favorite pair. The earring repair was around $25 and the watch battery $5. The owner Jim  weighed and  then bought the chain from me and I ended up paying him $2.  He told me that they would buy silver as well as gold and he'll also sell items on Ebay.  The ring sizing was $78 because it was so small and needed extra gold to make it the size I wanted. I decided not to have it done at that time. I drove up to Schmidts Jewelers on Glendale and 7th Street to see what they would charge to size the ring. They wanted over a hundred dollars.   I went home and found another piece of jewelry I didn't care for and haven't worn in years  and brought it back to Diamond Jim's. He told me the cash value was $180. Cool. I left my ring to be sized and he gave me $102.  He has some pretty interesting one of a kind pieces in the cases including some nice amber jewelry as well as artwork.  I ended up buying a small pair of sapphire and diamond chip earrings for $15.   The only bad thing is the parking lot. It's tiny and it's shared with a very busy restaurant (Tex-Az). Don't go at lunchtime.
5 I just walked away with a check for $282 for my old sterling silver jewelry!  I've sold my gold before and can tell you that Jim gives you a very fair price and he's very nice to work with.  Don't hesitate to bring your gold or silver to him for quick cash.
4 So I had some old gold sitting around the house and thought I would go see what it was worth. After reading other reviews and a client referral I thought I would check out Diamond Jim's. Jim was very nice and gave me a quote super fast for my gold free of charge. After testing the gold which he does in front of you, I left with over $800! I definitely felt like he was being honest and I never felt uncomfortable. All in all it was a good experience.
5 I have visited this friendly little shop twice so far.  First time was to have my ring polished and then again to have a battery replaced in my watch.  Both times I was helped immediately and with a smile.  They have quite a selection of jewelry, ranging from gorgeous engagement sets to a $5 dollar watch basket!  I loved looking around while I waited.  Diamond Jim helped me today and we had a nice conversation about  what else....diamonds!  They also adopted a stretch on the 51 FWY which I think is pretty cool... Check it out, you'll be pleasantly surprised :)
5 When I stopped in to browse on a whim I was pleasantly surprised by the prices on the resale jewelry. I spotted a ring I fell in love with, and then fell in love all over again with the price so I called my BF right away.  I chose to use their layaway program. Jim and staff where knowledgeable and friendly. We even worked out a trade for our promise ring and reduced our final bill. I got way more diamond for my money than anywhere else and a huge box of chocolates with purchase (Perk) Every time we went to make a payment (or me to drool at my ring) there were new items. This place has lots of character and is not your big shiny stuffy chain store. If you are looking to get a good price on high quality resale jewelry, this is your place. They also make great offers on your existing jewelry.
5 I searched on Yelp for somewhere to take my two silver candelabras, flatware, silver tray and misc. silver and gold jewelry. Diamond Jim's got good reviews so I hopped in the car and took a chance.  Jim looked at the items carefully and professionally. I was content with his check for $237. Now I can buy the new printer, fax, copier, scanner machine I've needed for months.  If you have jewelry you no longer want or need, I highly recommend you visit Jim.
5 I had some old jewelry and was more than pleased with the price Jim gave me. Everyone in the shop was friendly and professional. Great place!! I would recommend it and I'll go back for sure!
1 It was my first time step into a jewelry buyer store, and it was pretty bad experience.   First of all, I have to say that I have no experience in the jewelry trade before, so I didn't know about the price difference in the market price and the price that a gold buyer can offer.   So, I was a little surprised when hearing that my 800 dollar ruby ring only worth $75 dollar for trade... and also several other pieces of jewelries...very surprisingly low price that young guy in the store evaluated. Ok, these are fine... but what angered me is that:  The young guy was not respecting and impatient with my items: he kind of thought they are "cheap", so when he weighted the jewelry, he almost "threw" the bracelet and ring onto the plate!!! I was really nervous when hearing the jewelry dropped onto the metal plate. My bracelet was very delicate made, with gold.   Second, when the first time he evaluated my ruby ring, he said it was lab made... Hey, The little cloud in the stone can be seen even with my naked eye! Then he came to the back of the store and asked a jewelry-smith to see the ring, and the jewelry-smith said it is nature.... well, he didn't apologize to me for that. So imagine, if he didn't ask the other, and wrongly evaluated the jewelry, what kind of result it would be like?   I don't know who the person "Jim" is, that appeared in many posts here. But I can just say I am very uncomfortable with the young man.    Yes, I am a foreigner, from Shanghai, China. I have been to many other states in the US, and many countries in the world, but have never be treated like that!  I need an apology from the store.  ps: I just read one of the filtered review for this store, from an Asian girl, she also had a bad experience in the store...well, maybe the owner just don't like Asians.
5 Jim is extremely helpful and wonderful; he doesn't jip you or low-ball you on any prices :) He is extremely reasonable and easy to work with. I took in two diamond rings to sell and quite honestly I was given more money back than I expected. Exceptional service and staff. I will be back to buy my next pavé ring (yes, I've already picked it out - and beware, it's so sparkly it will blind you if you look directly at it. Lol)
5 After years of considering selling my unused jewelry, I finally stopped in today and I am so glad I did.  It was a much nicer experience than I ever expected and I was paid way more than I expected as well. I was really surprised. The people were friendly and laid back and my daughter even enjoyed it.    I am very pleased that I found a good place to sell the jewelry that I hadn't worn in years and I got a nice check to take home.  I would definitely recommend them.  Had I known I could get that much pay and have such a pleasant experience, I would have done it a long time ago!
1 This guy will rip you off. Brought an old, broken gold and diamond necklace in to see what it was worth or what it would cost to fix. He offered $300 to buy it and said it would cost $150 to fix. He was completely condescending and rude the entire time.   Took it down the street to an estate jeweler who offered $500 to buy it and said they could fix it for $50.
5 I took in my engagement ring from my first marriage and got store credit.  I used the credit to have them convert a rather large necklace with a lot of sentimental value to me,  into a pendent and earrings.  The workmanship was amazing and cost far less then I had expected.  They took excellent care of a rather meaningful piece for me.  They also fixed a ring for me and made it better.  With my remaining store credit I was able to buy a lovely ring with a huge piece of amber in it and an amethyst ring, silver chain, and a gift for someone else.  I went over my store credit but it was so worth it.  The staff at Diamond Jim's are thoughtful and just lovely to work with.  Skip the mall and go to Diamond Jim's.  I have worked with them in the past selling jewelry and buying more pieces.  You will get a much better price and experience at this small gem of a store.
5 I questioned what to expect from this store as a neighbor said I had to go there to get the batteries changed in my watches..so reasonable.  She was exactly right..$5 to $8 for batteries.  Seems everyone in my complex have gone there and have great things to say.  The staff couldn't be more pleasant and helpful when you go in.  This last time I went in to get three watch bands and two batteries.  The only brown band they had for my every day self winding was $30 which is more than I usually spend for that watch.  The other two bands were less for two Seikos I don't wear that often.  The day after I picked up my watches a loop fell off my $30 band. I was a bit surprised but things happen, right?  I am a person who rarely return anything but the next day.  When I took it in, they could not have been more helpful, exchanged the band no questions asked.  My Mother loved her diamonds and my father enjoyed buying them for her.  I might have more knowledge in general of the way quality service should be when one is buying more expensive items.  I had enough experience listening while I waited for my parents made their purchases. Also, I've spent time listening when my Mother had her jewelry fixed and cleaned. In this respect these people also get my stamp of approval.    In closing, I will make one remark.  In any jewelry store, the goal is to sell the merchandise.  Unless one is ready to do some high end impulse buying, one should know their limits.  No, thank you, is a perfectly acceptable answer.  Keeps you out of trouble and makes browsing a delightful experience.  They are moderate to high end.  They also have more parking in the back of the building.
5 Last time iwas there I had a great experience.  My sis got her ring from there. Beautiful.  and I found my clauddagh ring too. Going back for my bridal set.
5 A friend recommended Diamond Jim's even though I live in southern California. I used their website and emails initially, but ultimately interacted directly with the owner to explain my needs and discuss options. We discussed my budget for the gift and my girlfriend's preferences and Jim's questions and input made it clear he was both knowledgeable and committed to making my search successful. I left the search in his hands and he did not disappoint. He located a vintage platinum and sapphire bracelet and gave me a great price for an exquisite piece. I was very happy with the service and item. Jim was friendly, helpful, and professional. If he doesn't have what you're looking for, he'll find it for you. The store handled the packing and shipping at no additional cost (including adequate insurance).  The bracelet arrived in a lovely box and my girlfriend was delighted with it. I'll be using Diamond Jim's for all my future jewelry needs.
