2 I can't comment on the cleanliness of the locker room.  When I go in I keep my head down and try not to dilly-dally in there too long. For some reason all the guys that are too big in some areas and too small in others like to walk around nekked for extended periods of time. It's best not too spend much time there.  I do agree with the first reviewer that the front desk personnel typically do not talk when taking your card. Usually there are multiple people behind the counter and they do talk, but only to each other. I did hire a personal trainer for a few months and I wasn't too happy with him. The manager was cool and the trainer I had the first time was cool, but my regular guy didn't do anything with me I wasn't doing on my own - and it was costing me $160 per month to do that, plus the $25 gym fee.  I do like the group classes. I have hit the spin class a few times and I like the Latin Impact class they offer, which is Zumba, but they didn't pay for the rights to call it Zumba. Must just be that location because other LA Fitness locations do have Zumba on the schedule. Either way, it's fun and the two instructors are good.   I have experienced some slipping with a couple of treadmills, but most of the other machines are operational. I have seen workers cleaning them, so while I am not sure how often, I do know they do clean them.  When I come already dressed, hit the treadmill and a group class, I find the experience good. I would have liked the training better with the first guy, but overall I think it was a little pricey.
1 Unfortunately, the staff (non-instructors) here are severely incompetent, in particular the sales manager. My experience pertains to bringing a family member to the gym in order for her to try out the gym, which resulted in a  verbally abusive, utterly unprofessional encounter.  Upon inquiring of the staff in-person previously, I was instructed by the front desk staff to apply for a 1-week trial membership in person at the gym, as opposed to downloading online (3-day passes only). Rather than acknowledging his staff had thus misinformed me, this sales manager was extremely offended that I maintained this was the instruction I had received, and denied that the gym ever provides 1-week memberships. Verbatim, he dismissed his entire front desk staff: "don't talk to them, they don't know anything, they should direct you to the sales staff." Ironic that he would both treat his client and staff with outright rudeness.  Fortunately, am here on a short-term membership plan, would never consider long-term membership at this location.
4 I am not a member of LA Fitness so this review is just for the front desk staff & smoothie bar.   I have been wanting to try a new protein/whole foods supplement powder called "Pure Trim" and it seems you can only buy it online(in packs of 10). I found out from a friend though that this LA Fitness location happens to carry it! I ventured over there one day when I was in the area and asked the girl at the front desk if I could just grab a smoothie, even though I am not a member. She was super polite and showed me exactly where it was. The man working the smoothie bar was incredibly helpful and made me a smoothie exactly the way I wanted using the Pure Trim powder. He also let me try a shot of the liquid multivitamin the Pure Trim company also sells. He only charged me $3 for the smoothie (which is the cost of the individual powder packet) unlike Whole Foods who seriously charges for the protein powder packet and then the entire cost of a regular smoothie and you end up with a ridiculous $8+ smoothie that doesn't even taste good! I really appreciated that and if I am ever in the area again (which is very rare) I will definitely stop in for another one :)
1 This place is horrible!!!!!  The staff is everything you hope a staff would not be - think aggressive, rude, inconsiderate!  I wish Cassandra O. hadn't given them a 5 star rating, cause it severely skews what they deserve - but please take her review for only what it describes...the food!  I drive all the way to 24 Hour fitness just so I don't have to deal with these people.  Mind you I live less than a block away from LA fitness & I drive 10miles to work out at 24...I think that really says something.  If I could give them a zero star rating I would.  Its not even worth trying a week free if thats what someone is thinking.  Management should really read the things we write and consider some layoffs.   PS (the assessment employee took my body fat % when I first arrived - before I had even decided to sign up - and admitted to me that they tell potential customers their body fat % is higher (about 10%) just to make them feel bad about themselves so they will sign up) BEWARE!
3 We have belonged to this gym for 4 years now. My husband and I are the 'self motivated' sorts that do not need personal training or anyone to 'smile prettily at us' when we walk in. "We come in, scan our key card and proceed to the work out. I clean my cardio machines before and after I use them (with the foam/paper towels provided by the gym). There are those irresponsible folks that will sweat all over equipment and then just move along... cannot hold the gym responsible for that though.      The music is not to my liking, but I take the MP3 player and headphones ensure I am not overly annoyed. I have found the 5am crowd to be more 'serious' about their workouts and they usually have towels to clean the equipment. My husband and I take our own hand towels to wipe things down on the lifting floor. We also rerack our own weights, but not all folks do... again, you cannot blame the management for their patron's misbehaviors.      I am very picky about cleanliness, and the locker rooms, bathrooms, showers and sauna are ALWAYS clean. I see the signs about the perils of steroid usage, but I do think that is mandated by law.       Now to address a few things mentioned in other reviews: When equipment is 'out of order' I have noticed it is repaired within a day or two. When getting my body fat analyzed, it is a digital hand held machine that would be IMPOSSIBLE to add 10% to. I think the comment about them adding 10 percent must be fabricated. I cannot speak about the sales folks, because we have been members so long that our sales guy is long gone. I will speak to the personal trainers though... My coworker has had 2 trainers there, the first one she 'fired' for texting during her session, and for a lack of attention. Her 2nd one she has had for over 15 months and she has lost 80 pounds and over 8 dress sizes! I think trainers vary greatly there, but it is also about the level of motivation the person brings to the workouts. One last thing... 24 hour fitness is only 2 miles down the road, so the reviewer that said she drives 10 miles out of her way when she lives across the street from this LA Fitness was exaggerating greatly.       I enjoy the gym experience and LOVE the lap pool! Also, the kid care is very helpful for young families!
3 First off, it's a gym.  It's gonna be smelly, sweaty, and not able to please everyone.  Equipment breaks, but it's usually fixed within a couple days.  I think most will find that true of any gym that they've been to (stuff breaks, get over it).   I go here because it's close to home and reasonably priced. The equipment is adequate, although I do wish they had a stretching cage instead of just those little rocking chairs.  I've never used the pool, hot tub, or sauna so I can't really comment on those, but based on the other reviews, that might be a good thing.   I haven't got a chance to try their nutrition center as it's usually closed by the time I show up.  The stuff looks good, and seems resonably priced.   I usually go in, a couple hours before closing and the evening staff is friendly enough.  The girls that work the front desk are usually pretty nice, although it seems to be a different girl every couple months.  The current one even remembers my ID number and will have me checked in by the time I walk through the door.  :-)   When it comes to staff issues, I do have one complaint...  THOSE DAMN VACUUM BACKPACKS!  I understand that it's late and you're prepping for close, but do you have to vacuum and kick up mad dust right next to me while I'm doing cardio and breathing hard?!  Ok... I'm very emotionally attached to that issue, and now that I"ve got it out, I can turn off the caps lock again. lol To cut this short, this is a decent place to come work out for the price.  If you want a fancy place to stand around and show off your new under armor, with a staff that will follow you around fanning you, try Lifetime instead (which is actually a beautiful but pricey gym).
2 I've been going to this LA Fitness ever since it opened.  Overall, all LA Fitness are great for the price for what you get.  I got the 3 year 600 dollar package, paid the 600 up front.  When it came time to renew, I wanted to do the 3 year 600 dollar deal again.  I didn't think it would be a problem.  I didn't plan on paying more or I'd go elsewhere, which would stink since I live across the street.  They gave me an issue about it, nickel and diming me, saying it was a promotional deal I got and they don't offer it.  Finally they gave in.  A few weeks later they posted on the door they were giving this deal out to a select few for a short period, so appearantly they joshed me for no reason, thanks !!  I've even heard you can wheel and deal them for 3 years 300 dollars but I'm comfortable for what I paid.  So I know when it comes time to renew, I'll go through the same crap again.  And they'll give in because something is bettter then nothing, common sense.  About the staff, it was horrible for a while.  The short haired skinny blonde girl was stuck up, sometimes she would say hi, sometimes it would be in a sarcastic matter cuz she may have been bi-polar.  It seems the staff is nicer now and more pleasant when you walk in.    My biggest issue now is they don't believe in air conditioning.  This entire summer it's been a sauna in the entire building, you poor a bucket of sweat 2 minutes into the work out.  Also, the music is usually turned down really low, the tv's are never set on sports, like when big games are on or even local sports.  Hello, it's a sports gym...have sports on dummies.  So yeah, the staff is still quite lazy to do the simple things.
3 This club is more laid back and not so busy compared to some of the other locations which is nice since you never have to wait for machines. The machines could be better maintained; there are several with rips and tears. The front desk clerks aren't very personable. They don't even greet you when you come in and usually leave the scanner on the counter so you'll scan yourself - lazy.
2 the staff hang out with each other,  one day I overheard 2 guys gossiping about another co-worker  loudly dropping f bombs about how someone owes him money.   lol  this is funny but not professional
2 Reasonable monthly rates.  Good group classes.  Often busy and machines not available for use because people stand around and talk instead of actually using the machine.  Rude front desk staff who do not like to accept guest passes for some reason.
5 Pretty new to the area, club is great, I consider it a comparison to muscle beach in California, everyone here is in really good shape, gym is clean and very inviting.  Staff is knowledgeable, and have great personalities.  Not too crowded and easy to get too.
5 The great thing about this gym is that, even during busy hours, it isn't completely packed. Another great thing: the energizer bar. Love the smoothies!
3 This facility isn't bad. The people who come workout here are nice,friendly, courteous. The equipment is in great shape. Locker rooms are clean and the layout is good. There is never any drama.  The bad: I would have to say the staff, but not all. The front desk is helpful when they're not busy on their cell phone, talking to each other, chumming it up with a friend, or even eating. Some of the sales people I've felt were just rude and arrogant. Take the staff out of the equation and I would bump it up to 4 stars.  It's a good spot when you can scan in and get your workout in with no troubles.
1 THESE PEOPLE MUST HAVE BEEN PAID TO REVIEW THIS GYM WITH MORE THAN 1 STAR AND SAY IT IS AWESOME. THIS IS THE COMPLETE CONTRARY. I was there may be a week ago and this DISGUSTING gym  had 4 broken treadmills out of 12. *(really????!) some didnt even have broken signs posted. 2 broken bikes out of 6. the dirtiest (if that were a word) equipment ive seen. hair, sweat and sticky crap all over the buttons. the bathroom trash cans were overflowing with paper, the bathroom stalls empty on TP. and where were the cleaning crew? oh you mean the guy walking around the gym with a trash can talking to people, while staring you down??? yeah...well now you know why the place is filthy.
4 Great place to work out and very close to my house.
4 Nice place to workout. Sign up was informative without pressure. Josh Elder was awesome, easy to talk to and helpful. Ask for him and get a membership if you don't have one. I gotta say after other gym memberships this seems to be one of the best kept gyms I've been too. Didn't see broken machines like I usually would although I'm sure there is times where something's down for maintenance. Nice clean pool and spa area plus really nice locker rooms with separated bathroom area. Basketball court was nice too and people were friendly. They also have water fountains all over plus convenient small lockers for a more secure and easy to watch storage of personal items like phones or wallets which helps if you worry about placing items in locker rooms. Front desk staff is a little off at later hours but helpful and not really an issue just a note. If your worried about anything just ask Josh Elder in sign-up's for a 3-day free pass or see if he can do an extended trial if you don't feel that's long enough and I'm sure he will do his best to get you the necessary time to make a decision.
1 only thing this place has going for them is the cleanliness..  perhaps even the patrons, i'm not sure  but what i do know is the staff at this particular location are completely incompetent..  i walk in to purchase a day pass, give my name and phone number, and the girl at the front says they don't keep change there..  directed me to go to the smoothie/juice bar to get change and THAT person told me 1. she's not allowed to give change, and 2. the register is low  wtf is going there..  then, while waiting and waiting as other patrons scan in, the initial girl at the front had to ask a couple other ppl if they had change so i can get a stupid day pass which i was only there for 40 mins  i don't even understand how this place is run with these kinds of morons working there..  i was absolutely flabbergasted by how long it took to complete a simple task
2 Staff is very unfriendly. Gym is WAY overcrowded. Wish there was a closer gym to my house as an alternative. :(
3 My usual spot to go lift since I live close its nice and clean.... Gym junkies are always around even though they look like there on roids and just full of them self's there the coolest and nicest people there. Staff not bad either ... best time to go is between 11 am -2pm because its not as busy!!
3 I joined here in 2009 with privledges to go to any location in AZ.  I moved in 2010 but never stopped my membership and the price has been the same this whole time - pretty nice.  I recently moved back to the area in 2013 - gym is pretty much the same.  A few times the sauna was out of order and no effort was made by the staff to put an out of order sign up.  We'll see if it's fixed the next time I go..lol.  On the way out the workers were on the phone and were not available to be spoken too about the out of order sign.  I also heard talk of members urinating in the pool - don't know if it's true or not but that's just gross!!
3 Sauna has been repaired - gym is missing the medicine ball.  The LA Fitness on Greenfield & 60 is much nicer but I have only been there once so I don't have much to compare yet.  This time one of the free weight benches did have an out of order sign on it so I'll see if this is fixed when I return.
2 This is the closest LA fitness to me for 10 miles. Its location isnt too terrible,  but the men's locker room smells awful. I wouldn't think anything of it if it was the afternoon or evening, but there shouldn't be any excuses at 7AM. I will be looking for the next closest locstion...
1 Joined this gym early last year with my corporate discount. Also signed up for the Kids Club. Decided late last year to freeze my membership since I would be travelling for work. Was informed that there would be a $10/mo fee to hold the account open and that I couldn't use the facility. No problem.  Fast forward 6 months. Realized that on top of the $10/mo that I was also being charged an additional $10/mo for the Kids Club. Called the place to inquire about a refund on the kids club fee, since clearly if my membership was frozen I would have no need for the childcare services.  Obvious right? Not so much. Manager informed me that at the time that I froze the membership I should have also requested the kids club frozen as well.  How would I have known that I needed to do this? The La fitness rep I spoke with certainly didnt suggest it at any time during our conversation. My understanding was that if my membership was frozen that any supplemental services provided by the gym would also freeze.  Instead the area manager offered to "meet me halfway" and refund 3 months of charges. Unacceptable. He eventually agreed to refund 4 months of charges all while saying that that was "more than what we usually do".  I cancelled my membership because this reeks of bad business.
3 It's a typical gym.  Nothing spectacular. Treadmills and stair climber seem to be out of order often. Kids Club is convenient for us mommies that need to workout without trying to find a babysitter for an hour.  I do enjoy the classes though.  The instructors are friendly and full of energy.
