4 After getting our new "high efficiency" front loading washer / dryer set a few weeks ago, we were super excited.  That is, until we attempted to do a wash and continued to get the following error message on the machine: nf1.  According to the user manual, nf1 = the hot/cold water hose is not connected properly.  Unfortunately, neither me, my husband, or my landlord could quite figure out how to fix the issue, so we called the Lowe's service department and they sent out Garry from Authorized Appliance Repair Company.    Luckily, Garry came to the rescue.  He arrived during the designated window (9am - 12noon), and spent about 20 minutes in our laundry room.  It turns out that the hoses were reversed!  (Not our fault... it was the fault of the guys who originally set-up the machines).  Garry also informed me that we need to use detergent that says "HE" for high efficiency on it, and to only use 1/2 the amount it says to use.  Lesson learned!  Fingers crossed that I don't get any more error messages in the future, but I am glad we have a warranty on our machines nonetheless.  I wouldn't hesitate to call Garry / AARC in the future.  ***According to Garry's business card, they work with washers, dryers, refrigerators, ranges, microwaves, water heaters, ice makers, dishwashers, disposals, compactors & more...
4 Our LG front load washing machine that is just over two years old started to make an intermittent grinding noise.  Since some of the major parts for this washer were still under warranty we went to LG's website to get a list of local, authorized repair companies.  There are not a lot that come up for the Phoenix area.  We chose Authorized Appliance after I spoke with Donna, one of their office employees.  Garry, their repairman, came out on a Wednesday and informed me that the rotor was stripped and needed to be replaced, along with the motor at the same time.  He said LG is good about sending parts next day.  Garry returned two days later on Friday and installed the two parts.  We paid for labor, but the parts were covered under the standard LG warranty.  It is a bummer that a washer that is fairly new had problems, but we did appreciate Authorized Appliance getting it fixed for us in a pretty short amount of time.
1 Not happy with them right now. Washer still making an awful noise and I hate it when mechanics and repairmen think we are dumb because we are women.   Does this washer sound like it is fixed to you?  https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=4888691213446  The repairman Greg said all it needed was a some lube.   Worked for about 3 loads and now it is worse than it was before.   Thankfully, under warranty still so not costing me anything for them to come back out but annoying as hell!
3 Poor phone customer service. But they did got the part in and fixed the problem. I appreciated that, I just wish they were more courteous on the phone.
1 RUDE, HORRIBLE SERVICE! DO NOT USE! We just purchased a new Electrolux washer/dryer set from Lowe's. Two weeks into having them, the latch on the dryer door broke and now it won't stay closed to do laundry. I called customer service and was given an appointment by Electrolux. When I called Authorized Appliance Repair to confirm that appointment was given by Electrolux, they were very rude and stated that "of course that's your appointment, that's what they told you isn't it?!" I called on a Wednesday and the soonest I could get an appointment was the FOLLOWING WEDNESDAY. Knowing that Electrolux parts are not common, I gave what's her face on the phone (Donna, I think, but rude either way, so I don't care enough to remember her name) my MODEL NUMBER, SERIAL NUMBER AND told them the exact issue I was having. So I waited during my 4 HOUR APPOINTMENT WINDOW for him to show up. When he did, he proceed to park in the driveway (which I know isn't a big deal, but at least ask first and I have NEVER had ANY service company park in my driveway, just rude), looked at my dryer latch, said "Yep, needs a new latch," handed me my slip and left. I HAVE BEEN A WEEK WITHOUT MY DRYER, GAVE THEM MY MODEL NUMBER, SERIAL NUMBER AND PROBLEM AND HE DIDN'T FIX IT!!! I then called their office to ask  why they didn't have the part. Dumb-dumb on the phone said the part hadn't come in yet...I asked when was it ordered....when he left the premises she said. TODAY!! TODAY???!!! I am sooo mad at them right now and disgusted by their customer service. I WILL NEVER, NEVER USE THEM AGAIN!
1 THIS COMPANY HAS BEEN AN ABSOLUTE NIGHTMARE!! It has taken them over a month now to fix the heating element in my oven. 3 trips out, 3 different technicians & now I'm waiting on the 4th show up to probably once again tell me they've got the wrong part!! Ive had to call them to follow up on the situation.. they don't call me to reschedule. I have to track them down. They even called to cancel on me last week bc "their driver was in a car accident". Their other tech was "in a car accident earlier this month", so he couldn't come either.Every time I speak to the incredibly clueless office woman they all claim they've never heard of repairs needing to be completed at my house! Not sure what is going on with this company, but save yourself the hastle.
1 this company is clueless and especially the lady on the phone that answers the calls. repair guy comes out, barely diagnosis the problem and says that the part cant be ordered without investigating it any further. if they would have inquired they would have seen that the part is interchangeable with another. instead, they wait a full day to get back and then decide they dont want to fix the refridge. sounds like they just want to collect a service fee from the warranty companies and run to the next house as fast as possible. hopefully you will see this and call elsewhere. terrible business.
1 Repair guys are nice, but it's been two months and the dryer still doesn't work.  Telephone customer service is TERRIBLE!!! If you like abusive relationships, then subject yourself their receptionist.  They already have my $300 so I'm stuck. I would go elsewhere if I had $300 to spare!
