5 This location always has the best customer service! Rather than trying to up-sell you, they always try to save you money. Definitely a pleasure to work with in the most stressful of situations. Thanks guys!
5 I suffered a rear inside dual blow out on the 10 freeway, 75 miles west of Avondale, AZ. Being unfamiliar with area, I first contacted Steve at the Phoenix store.  He didn't have the seven tires I needed so he referred me to the closer Avondale store.  I spoke to Tom Roberts. He told me he had six tires and would have the seventh when I arrived.  Tom and his crew waited past closing time for me to arrive and had six tires mounted on my motorhome and the seventh mounted in the spare tire holder in less than 45 minutes.    Because of Tom's work ethic and that of his crew, we were able to continue on our trip to Florida, with only a slight delay.  It's nice to know that people like Tom still exist and are willing to go the extra mile to help someone in need.  Discount Tire has a customer for life!
2 I go into Discount Tire on 8/11/12 and get three of my tires replaced.  The other tire was fairly new.  They took the tires off and moved the old tire to the front right.  When I left there my car was making a noise and there was rubbing when I put the breaks on.  I went back and told them about it.  Well, needless to say, they told me it may be my brakes.  I went and purchased new brake pads for the front.  We replaced them even though it turns out that they have very little wear on them.  I took the car back again.  I was told to take it over to Brakes Plus.  This morning I went there and it turns out that nothing is wrong with the brakes.  Instead it turns out to be the tire on the right front.  When they switched it to the back everything went back to normal.  They told me the tire was defective.  I took my car back to Discount again!!!  I bought the tire from them.  They ended up replacing it for free.  They told me that they are going to resell the tire as used.  Look out everyone you may indeed be buying my old defective tire.  Also,  when I was quoted the price for the other tires I was told that it included the warranty.  I told them that is was going to price them.  He told me that Walmart will charge extra for the warranty.  I went and the price was a little less but I figured that with the warranty from Discount I would be getting a good deal.  I find out today that the warranty they included in the price is the manufacturer warranty.  You have to pay an extra $14. per tire for the free replacement one.  So also be careful on what they tell you because it may not be all the information that you should be getting.
4 I lightly bumped the curb because this stupid lady was parked in the middle of the road.  I waited a few mins and noticed that she was not going to move.  So I decided to go around her and I did not see the curb was shaped funny (zig zag like pattern) so I nicked it.  When I got home I saw a crack in my tire.  =(  DAMN IT!  So I went to Discount Tire to check on the status of my tire.  I thought great, $$$ to replace it.  He nice rep checked it out and said I am good to go.  No problems, that part of the tire is there for the wheel protection and it did the job.   That is great he did not try to pressure sell me a new tire.
5 Fast considering how many were ahead of me, costumer service is good... Deffinitely recommend and will come back
5 These guys were great.  I had picked up a nail in one of my tires and they fixed it in less than an hour with no appointment and they didn't even charge me for labor.  I highly recommend them.  I will be buying my tires from them in the future.
5 It is always a pleasant to go in and be greeted that they will be right with you if they are helping someone else.  They take the time to give you informed of anything while putting new tires on or getting them rotated if something does not look right.  They never try to sell you up on things when you tell them how much you can spend.  Everyone is very professional and great service.
5 This place is great. They are always super friendly and never pressure you into getting anything you don't want. I replaced all 4 of my tires and it only took about 20 minutes.
4 Bought tires from th a few months ago and it was time for a tire rotation. Took a bit over an hour, but it was a Saturday and a bit busy. All employees were very friendly and upbeat and seemed familiar with their jobs.  The tire rotation is complementary With tire purchase.
2 For months I have had issues with my tires losing air and have had to put air in at least once a week.  I went through the process of elimination... maybe it's the weather changes, maybe I messed up taking the pressure, etc.. finally I took my car to Discount Tire because I have always received excellent service at the other stores I have been to.   At the front they were nice but doing that thing that most car shops and dealers do where they don't really talk to you like you have a clue because apparently only men deserve to be taken seriously when discussing cars.  A little over half an hour later someone comes out and tells me there's no leaks but I need to pay more attention to my tires because the air was low.... no crap, that's why I thought there was a leak because tires just don't continually get low so you have to put air in every week unless something is wrong.  I tried to explain the problem again and the guy walked away while I was in the middle of my sentence.  I tried to ask about pricing tires and he was basically shooing me out of the door.  I guess he forgot he works in sales/customer service.   I will never go to this location again and would definitely not recommend it to anyone, especially not women unless you enjoy being talked down to by misogynistic males who need remedial lessons in how to provide actual customer service.
1 Well just came in for a basic balance and rotation and it TOOK 3 HOURS it only took them 20 minutes to do but 3 hours to pull into bay reguadless walk in or not that's is unacceptable!
5 Put these guys down for 5 stars. Had a flat after work. They close at 6..I called at 610. John answered, guides me to the store and by 630 I have two new rear tires installed.  No missed work and no hassle. Thank you John and crew. The best service I have had any wear for anything.
5 Fast, friendly, and great customer service! Today is my fifth time coming with a tire issue in the past year and for the fifth time this store has been incredibly helpful. I heavily use my vehicle for work, travel, and camping so no wonder I go through so many tires. Today I discovered a screw in my side wall and of course that means a whole new tire. Since I don't believe in warranties I was gonna have to buy a brand new tire. Tim one of the sale associates talked to John the store manager and they were able to lend me a loaner for the week and sell me a brand new tire for $90.00. My car requires performance tires and the average cost of my tires is $139.00. I say that A+ service!
