4 I have returned to Discount Tire Co and this location is fast and professional. Used the website, found the tires I wanted for the price I wanted to pay, placed the order and everything went almost very smooth. The problem was the website said they had the tires I wanted in stock and could be mounted on saturday. Turns out they had to be ordered and took a few days more for delivery, but all in all a good experience. Trying to forget my past dealings at some of their other stores, but would come back here again. They don't do wheel alignments but did send me to a local business that did a wonderful job. (Nationwide Safety Brakes and Alignment on Boulder Highway)
3 Had found out when we stopped in Henderson that I had a bright shiny screw in the middle of my tire.  Bought my tires from Discount so I knew I could take it here to be fixed.  They were fast and courteous.    My only complaint is that they try to pressure me into buying new rims when clearly mine are in excellent shape.
5 This is the greatest place!  I bought tires in California and had to replace them in Nevada.  Aaron accommodated my needs superbly!  When he didn't find my brand of tire, he gave me a superior upgrade.  I will always shop at Discount Tires/America's Tire.  Their facilities are always clean, including the rest rooms.  They also offer bottled, cold water and coffee.  The service was swift and accurate!  This is how all businesses should be run.  They are very accommodating!  So, from state to state, you can expect the same courteous service.  Nina W. Fontana, CA
5 JT was the manger and he did a great job on helping me out with my tire problem.
5 I went in with a tire emergency today and within 45 minutes my problem was taken care of for free. JT the manager was super helpful and Justin, who worked on my car,  did a great job. I'm most definitely coming here next time I need to service my tires.
5 This place was awesome! Robert was very friendly and helpful. He gave me the right info and price without being pushy. I loved the guarantee and will recommend them to my friends!
5 I always going to Discount Tire for my tires and moved across town so I came to this location for the first time and I was not disappointed!  Ryan was such a huge help and super friendly and took good care of my car and my husbands car. Their service was fantastic and were quick with getting us out the door. I recommend these guys to anyone!
5 I have been coming here for many years and they always have the highest level of customer service. They are quick and efficient and I always get greeted with a smile and hello as soon as I walk in the door. JT and the rest of the guys are awesome with the customers and you can tell they like being there. Keep up the great work guys and I will recommend this particular store to anyone that needs help with their tires! Thank you for getting me back on the road so quickly on my last visit!
3 Stopped in on a rainy afternoon before leaving town to replace my grenaded full size spare tire.   Everything was great and pretty much a good to be expected experience, as Discount Tire is always on point. Things here are usually pretty straight forward.   I docked two stars from my experience because I noticed my metal valve cap (part of a matching set) missing and replaced with a black plastic cap. I was not asked or informed about the replacement, nor was I given the old cap. Valve caps are not the most expensive item, but the principle of a business or service taking something belonging to a customer with out permission or notification annoys and aggravates me.
5 I have bought tires for all 3 of my cars from Discount Tires.   I am most impressed with the Marks Street store.  The sales team are nice, friendly, helpful and yes they will try to upsell you, but they do show you the differences in the tires.      One upsell I was very happy about was the warranty.   I just came home from having a tire replaced after I hit a curb.    I had a choice of a car or a curb and I chose the curb.   When the tire popped.    They had me in and out in 30 minutes and because of the warranty, it only cost me $18 to change the warranty to the new tire.      Can't beat that upsell!    Baron you rocked today!
4 I was stuck between a 3 and 4 star for this location. Would have been a 3 but an employee let me use a much needed phone charger. I stopped here with a nail in my tire, they where going to fix it for free seeing I had bought 4 truck tires here back in 2006, that was impressive, but my car was my issue. After removing the tire it was found that it was unsafe to drive on and the whole inside of it was worn out. So I needed a new tire. Let me first say I know I have larger rims(19") and I do have low profile tires. I was told due to the  tire pressure sensor it would cost more well I know a few things and the TPMS should be replaces but does not have to and I was not given that option. My total was $225.00 ,for a new tire the following came along with the  the mounting, balancing , removing the old tire from the wheel, so basically all the work. They where quick and friendly. I am new to this area of the city and this is my new tire store.
1 I've been a Discount Tire customer for many years.  And I've always enjoyed their service.  But my most recent 2 experiences were not good.    I was sold an extended warranty on my tires when I didn't ask for it.  And I didn't notice the expense until I got home.  So I had to go back down to the store and get a refund.    A few weeks later, my wife hit something in the road and a tire popped.  So she took it back down to another Discount Tire for replacement.  Once again, unbeknownst to her, she was charged for an extended warranty.  Luckily she noticed the add-on and got it taken off before she left the business.
4 So as far as tire shops go, this one like all the other discount tire/America tires is clean, has ample seating and ac.    The good - cold bottles of water, free coffee and competitively priced tires.   The bad - long wait times, they forgot to call me when my car was done, they use high pressure sales tactics to get you to buy more tires and they lie about the life left on your tires to get you to buy more tires.   Remember folks these are salesmen so be prepared to say no when you need to and stick to your guns when negotiating your sale price.
5 Very helpful..very friendly staff will always come here for my tire needs! !! They cut me a deal for two tires and put my other two tires under there warrenty!! I won't have tire problems for awhile!
