5 I've only ever ordered a takeaway from here, I've never actually eaten in their restaurant itself, but this is without a shadow of a doubt my favourite indian takeaway spot in Edinburgh.  For starters, the food is great value - their set meal for 2 people includes chicken and vegetable pakoras, any 2 lamb or chicken curries and any 2 naan and/or rice for £12.95... but you wouldn't think it was that cheap to taste it.    What's more, even on weekends the delivery is always quick (I've never waited more than half an hour) and it's always piping hot when it arrives... For me there's nothing worse than realising you're starving, ordering a takeaway, only to spend the next hour/hour and a half pacing in front of the window wondering where the hell it is!  You'll need to order from here at least half a dozen times before you can even begin to decide which is your favourite dish, mainly due to the huge variety on the menu. I'd highly recommend the Chicken Chasni which is tandoori grilled, then cooked with ground nuts, chillies, green peppers, garlic and cream. It definitely hits the spot!  It's not often I get takeaways, I'm really lazy and takeaways tend to guilt-trip me into having to go to the gym the next day, but if you're going to get one then get it from here.
4 From the outside, Manna Mahal doesnt look anything special - just a simple and standard Indian restaurant. Nor does it look anything special on the inside, traditional looking and plain.  However, how the restraunt looks isnt why I come here time and agin. It's the food.  Always well flavoured and good quality the food is simply outstanding - its the equvalent of your mums home cooking. Simple, delicious and morish. Further more, they do it as a take away, and thats great as well. The food is also remarkably cheap.Service in Manna Mehal isnt anything to write home about, but it isnt awful either.  So there you have it, great food and a nice (if plain) setting to eat it in.
3 As others have said, Manna Mahal doesn't look like the snazziest joint in the town. However don't judge a book, or an Indian Restaurant, by its cover.  I first tasted what Manna Mahal had to offer when a takeaway. I was pleasantly surprised. I came back again and sat in. This time I was a little less impressed. The food wasn't quite what I ordered and overall it didn't live up to me previous experience. This could have been a bad night because I have ordered takeaway again and it has been fine. The prices are really good, especially by Edinburgh standards, and portions are a generous size.  If you don't mind simple curry and simply decor and you like good Indian food, check this place out. I wouldn't recommend it for showing fancy dining, but for straight forward takeaway/lazy night out, your on good ground.
4 Manna Mahal is only a ten miute walk away from where I live in Edinburgh and over the past year I've been here at least three times.  The atmosphere inside is tranquil whilst the service is pleasant and fast as anthing.  However, the food has to be the highlight of the restaurant (obviously) as it all tastes amazing and is surpsisingly cheap.  The startes are mostly £3 and the mains are only around £7 each.  I had the mutton coconut starter followed by the butter chicken the last time I was in and the quality of the meat in both was outstanding.  The sauce which the chicken was in had a great range of flavours and was amazingly creamy. I really like this place and recommend it without a doubt.
