4 (This is in the old Famous Sams location. I guess it has a new name now.) I had to break my "no spending money" in Mesa policy, but only because it was my mom's birthday and she lives there. I had read in the paper that JJ Madisons had just opened, so we decided to check it out. JJ Madisons is a sports bar and has everything you would expect: tons of flat screen tvs with a football game playing, pool tables, decent happy hour beer prices, overweight suburbanites, arcade games, a spot for a band, and a menu full of many delicious options. The server was friendly and amiable; she joked with me like we were good chums, but not in that phony annoying way. I had a tough time choosing what to get, but settled on the Philly. It was stuffed with delicious meat and grilled onions. All their bread comes from a local bakery in Tempe, too. I never went to the Famous Sams that used to be here, so I'm not sure if it's the same stuff with a new look. I don't usually like sports bars, but I'd go back here.
4 This is a remodeled Famous Sam's , I was just there last night and they are finishing up the woman's bathroom with new tile floor and paint. It looked really nice!  Now on to the good stuff! On Thursday nights JJ Madisons has a great dinner deal! BOGO (Buy on get one) Free Burger nights! They have awesome burgers and great if you are on a budget!  They offer great local beer, again Santan Brewing company Devil's Ale is on Tap! Yummy!! This  is a sports bar, they have many TV's and pool tables, but they also offer wine tastings and beer tastings, so it's not your typical sports bar! G the manager is wonderful and we always have great service. If you are in the Mesa area JJ's is worth a try!
3 Food is good service polite but slow and sometimes forgetful. My family has dined here twice. Keep going back for food but don't go if you are in a hurry. I'd go back haven't had a bad meal yet. If the service picks up will rate as a 4 star
5 Kind of a dive bar but I like it
4 JJ Madison's is out for my own heart. It's hard to come across a bar that has EVERYTHING I wish for, right out of the gate. For me, those must-haves are: 1) A discount night on hot-wings 2) A Golden Tee machine 3) Buzz Time 4) Any strong IPA (India Pale Ale) whether on tap or in a bottle.  JJ Madison's has all of those things and more.  They also have a decent collection of HDTV's that feature sports and music videos, a mini shuffleboard, a classic "Rampage" arcade, and a pool table.  Their menu is filled with great food.  I have never had anything mediocre there, which is pleasantly surprising for a bar.  One of my favorite things is that they sell Vegas-sized, 32-ounce beers for only about $5.  That's right, want a fresh stein of "Hop-Shock" from the local San Tan brewery?  On tap.  Four Peaks?  On tap.  New Belgium?  On tap.  Guinness?  Of course! They also have Budweiser and-the-like for all you wussies out there without sophisticated taste (buds).  I try to frequent JJ Madison's every Monday night for their 39¢ wings. If you want to try out a new place, but don't have a lot of cash, give it a shot then!  You can wind up with a full belly and a very buzzed brain for under $10. Then, if you're too buzzed to drive, JJ Madison's not only offers free rides home, they'll pick you up, too!   If you'd prefer to not leave your car in their parking lot overnight, they'll even do that in reverse order.  They'll pick you up at your house to take you to JJ Madison's. then bring you home when you're done partying!  Wild, fun, AND responsible!  Now THAT's a cool bar!  All in all, I'm certain my review makes this place sound like a dive-bar, but I want to ensure you it's nothing of the sort.  It's clean, friendly, comfortable, fun, and even kid-friendly during the day. I love this place.  :-)
1 The great deal is the $2 margaritas!  We had a party of 4 and to get just water it took a good 5-10 minutes.  The service wasn't great, although the waitress was nice when she finally did arrive.  We started with the JJ Sampler which included some hard chicken fingers, the quesadilla was nothing special, the cheese sticks are like any other frozen cheesesticks we've had but my party seemed to like the wings which we got in medium and had some sauce all over them.  We also got a side of wings in hot and no, they weren't hot but they were a little dry.  We got 2 carrots on the side which were white and old and 2 pieces of yellow celery, but the ranch was tasty.  We also tried the queso dip which was pretty good and the chips were crunchy but a little soggy at the bottom with all the grease dripping.  The prickly pear tequila chicken didn't go good with the sweet of the pear nor did I taste the tequila which came with a side of veggies-in this case zuchhini.  The only thing I liked about this meal were the mashed potatoes and gravy!  We also tried the Hawkeye burger which I was told was good and the Top Sirloin which was cooked to perfection but lacked flavors and came with the same sides as my chicken.  Although you can choose any other type of potatoe I think the mashed potatoe's consistency and brown gravy was truly a hit.  To sum it up, JJ Madison's needs a drawer full of spices.  Not coming back nor recommending it unless we have to stop by this place to use the restroom after going tubing in the salt river....
4 Strong drinks = one star Great wings = one star Great service = one star Free shuffleboard = one star  Great neighborhood bar!
4 Great prices and food. This place has one of the best bloody mary's in the area. Try one.
4 Believe it or not, I discovered this place with an old friend looking for Famous Sam's to gather for a few drinks and some food near my office on Power Road. Here's the deal. I am a meticulously picky health food type of guy---and they scored at least a triple on that count! If you care about delicious burgers W/O the red meat going directly to your waisteline you have to try their Bison Burgers! Bison burgers are lower in fat and cholesterol  than even chicken and turkey. Check on it. And these guys easily have the best Bison burgers in Mesa. Or even the valley. They are so low in the "grease" that I order them medium rare for flavor. With cheese! I order a big glass of tomato juice w/lemon, and they steam whatever vegeetables they have (squash and zuchini tonight, usually carrots or string beans) inplace of fries. They also have soup to start, but if it's not healthful, I order a cup of their pretty decent chili instead, W/O onions. After polishing off a healthful dinner like that, I don't mind imbibing in a few drinks afterward. I'd give it 5 stars, but their wait staff is often uneven, but usually caring. And I'd love it if they'd upgrade their soup menu to more traditional things. The last two times that I've been there, their "soup of the day" was "hamburger soup," whatever that is, instead of chicken noodle, or something else with good broth and some veggies in it. But overall, I really like the place for its wide assortment of food, comfortable atmosphere, lots of sports screens all over the place, as well as its full bar selection. Cheers to these guys! And their prices are VERY resonable, even for a "picky eater."
3 So....I have been to jj's many many times with friends.  However all these times we just hung out at the bar where the bartenders are excellent, food is great, and the prices are hard to beat.   Now I know what your asking.."Ryan, why only 3 stars!?". Settle down baby birds I'll explain.       Last night was the first time I tried the "restaurant" part of jj's.  My girlfriend and I had a groupon so I decided to take her out and try this place that I've had great past experiences with.  We take are seat, the server comes and takes our drink order (has to double check because she apparently can't write down bud light over coors light?).  That was the last we ever saw of her.  Another server comes to take over (seemed new) and brings us the wrong drinks.  She explains to us that it's wing night and you can order increments of 5.  We ordered 20 as well as a couple burgers for our entrees.      Now, onto the not so fun part.  First part was the wings, now let me tell you they were quite good, not the best I've had but enjoyable to say the least.  The only complaint in this department was that we only received 18 instead of the 20 we ordered.  Now that may not sound like a big deal to others, but I enjoy my wings and I would like to get what I asked for, doesn't everyone?!.  The server apologized and had the cooks make us some more that we could take home.  Our current mood, peeved but not angry, we patiently waited for our burgers.  Now as we waited....and waited....and waited... watching tables around us arrive later and get their food earlier, we finally get our food.  But! We got the wrong order! Bah humbug now that is frustrating!  We flag the waitress down and let her know, she mumbles an apology and goes and gets the right order.  Finally, our entree has arrived.  The burgers are quite delicious which is about the only thing saving the experience.  Towards to latter part of the night we notice the manager come to tables all around the area asking how everyones food was and he even apologized to a table next to us for them having to wait awhile.  They did not wait as long as us however!  Well, did we get an apology? Nope...Did he even come see how our food was? Nope...  Did we leave upset? Heck yes we did....  Shame on you JJ's....
3 This bar is near our Red Mountain softball complex which is where my buddies and I play softball every week. So this place became a weekly tradition for a hang out spot.  Plus if you are in a softball team, you get a discount on beer pitchers! Score!  They have got a patio, shuffle board, and one of those testosterone challenging boxing games which always draws a lot of inebriated crowd. Anyways, for drinks, this place is great because they've always got some special going on for beer and cocktails. They also serve beer in huge mugs (upto 32 or 40 oz I believe).   First I was on the fence about food here, but the ribs, burgers, and sandwiches are actually quite good. I mean it's bar food, but it did surprise me. If you're in the neighborhood or play softball near by, it's worth checking it out!
3 This place is very good....consisent burgers, pastrami and service.  BUT..the signs state ALL SUMMER...specials.. for example Mondays 2 for 1 burgers, Happy Hour all day till 7pm etc.  So, to our excitement-it's MEMORIAL DAY/MONDAY and they do not honor the special on their  brightly painted windows until June 1st.  We were told sorry...you have to wait until next week.  Nowhere, on the signs does it say 6/1.  OK people...does Memorial Day not kick off summer or what?  June 1st is not summer ...but June 21st is?????  Just saying...  I am surprise they wouldn't honor all their summer specials on their window displays of all days....MEMORIAL DAY.......I would suggest to call in prior..to see if they honor their specials they are "advertising", what day it starts.  The food is good.  The service is good.  Just saying....
3 I had teriyaki wings...sauce very salty.  Hubby had steak burrito with green sauce - sauce had way too much flour cause that was all you could taste.  Service OK.  Probably won't go back.  My favorite wing place closed :(
4 Four stars for their wings! A lot of flavors to chose from, the wings are nice and plump, plus you can have ranch and blue cheese dressing on the side. And they give plenty of celery and carrots. Thursday nights they have a wings special, .44 wings. Great selection of beer too. The only thing is, the 2 times I've been there is hasn't been as clean as I would have liked it to be. But it has improved :)
3 Everytime i've gone here i've had good times. Beer specials are decent. and its bar food. Keep in mind i enjoy "barfood" so it was good. Service is usually pretty quick unless it is a packed bar, then youll be waiting for a beer. I only gave it 3 stars for the service when it is busy and because lasttime i was there my buddy was cut off and sent home. He wasnt intoxicated. We had just got off the lake and had been there for a hour. I believe we were on our second beer. He was tired and instead of trying to talk to him waitress just told him he was cut off, and as i was waiting for my motzerella sticks was told i needed to wait outside for them. Because i could no longer be in there with my tired sober friend. LOL. before this i've had nothing but good times. I usually dont let one bad experince ruin my good times. So i'll be back.
1 I've been going here for years, always liked the place. However, standing at the bar for 20 minutes waiting to PAY is rather annoying.... Especially when of the bartenders is standing around. I'm writing this review as I stand here and wait!
2 i went here for lunch last week,after reviewing the menu i decided on the meatloaf sandwich may be i didnt read the discription but what i got was a open face sandwich the piece of loaf wasnt big enough to cover the bread and was a thin piece as well. the price was stiff for the portion served. beer selection fair service decent. i may return to try wings but at this point not high on my list
3 Went here for breakfast because they were showing the Ram game. I like the abundance of big screen tvs in the place. There were so many tvs that they actually showed the Rams game in the corner. My fajita breakfast was pretty good. However, the waitress was slow, she put ice tea in our coffee, forgot to give us salsa and tortillas with the meal. I would go back to watch a football game, I would like to try the po' boy sandwich next time, I rarely see that on the menu outside of New Orleans. Next time I will prepare myself for the subpar service.
1 I have been going to JJ's for years, not after tonight! The prime rib was not fit to eat and they did nothing about it. The manager said she would "take care of the one". What that meant was she would tell the kitchen someone didn't like it. So I paid $12.99 for fries and a side vegetable. The waitress said she could not do anything about it, she did not have the power. This is a horrible showing of customer skills by management. It was at one time a good place, however after tonight. I will never return. Worst customer service I have seen in years.
1 We tried to eat here last night. The smoking patio is right at the front door and it was very full. I'm not sure why they have a separate smoking section outside because the cigarette smoke was so strong on the inside we might as well have been sitting out with them. ( I am a former smoker so I am a little sensitive to the smell)   It is a seat yourself kind of place and last night it was pretty crowded. We found a booth as far away from the patio as we could. We sat there and waited... and waited.... and waited. When we finally saw a server she sighed loudly and rolled her eyes at our table. She kept walking and didnt bother to say anything to us.  We got up and left.   Maybe it was just an off night for the staff but what a horrible 1st impression.
5 I love this place! The fish Friday's are my weakness. I always find the staff super friendly and accommodating and the fish is great. I have also been for happy hour with friends. I haven't ever been on the bar side, always in the dining area, but JJ''s is my "go-to" when I feel like splurging, and I have never been disappointed. The rest of my family has enjoyed other menu options, I always get the fish :) The free ride home is also nice and I have used it once and was very pleased that they offered this responsible way to go out and have a good time with no worries. I don't get out much, but JJ's suits me fine :)
1 Hard to believe, but the absolute worst dining experience I can ever remember.  My family came for the fish fry.  We were seated (in a half empty) dining room for 35 minutes while we watched waitresses mill around the dining room filling napkin holders. No drinks no menu no greeting.  I finally got fed up and asked the host what I needed to do to get a server.  At that point I could see a "meeting of the minds" occurred in a back corner of the dining room.  One of the waitresses came up and made a snarky comment about how evidently we must have been forgotten, but she wouldn't forget about us.  The food was lackluster at best.  Our 1st plate of fish was barely warm and soggy on the bottom (I think it had been sitting for a while).  They brought another plate of fish which was fresh and hot, but still just mediocre.  Bottom line VERY disappointing
4 Lots of TV, good music and yummy food.  The prices are right on too.
1 I live a mere 5 minute walk from this poor excuse for a bar and grill.  I've been back more than once out of convenience only.  I still don't understand why I literally get ignored at the bar.  I always have to ask for service after a good 10 minutes of sitting and staring at the sometimes multiple bartenders.  They have 2 pool tables inside which is usually why my boyfriend and I come at all and if they're full, I leave.  Food is mediocre, wings are chewy.  Just keep driving by, this place is just bound to disappoint.
1 Never impressed, no matter how many 'second chances' we give it. So we simply stopped visiting this establishment. Too many horror stories to even begin to tell details
4 First time visiting and will be back. It is a typical bar and grill. There are some pros and cons but I had a good time. Food was fairly prices but small in portion. Food was pretty good and there were lots of beer to choose from to include my Stella. Service was very quick and staff was nice at my table. It was super tight on the bar and pool table side and you have to choke back the smoke as they put all the smokers outside by the front door. It was humid inside but there were lots of people. They have lots of tv's and have poker and trivia to play. Decent little bar that was fun to relax.  If you go expecting fine dining or a commercial ran buffalo wild wings, then don't go. There really is no dress code as I saw people in shorts and tank tops. And they were the staff. Give it a try! I will.
1 I've been here three times now, this place is  just a local tavern with fair pub food.  It's a convenient area for me to meet some friends and get "a free ride" so for once, I can drink some beer if I take myself out.  For a neighborhood place, WHY ARE THE PEOPLE WHO WORK THERE so UNFRIENDLY?     The big guy "Dee" I think his name is, he is the worst and continuously THE most rude. I asked him a question about their loyalty program and he was rolling his eyes.  I waited at the bar 10 more minutes before he asked if I wanted anything to drink.   My friends came in and we were lucky with a cramped table, we had to fix the table from rocking because it was really rickety.  Well, we ordered some wings ,and the first order of wings was good, but the second order of wings didn't even come close!  Inconsistent food for sure there.  The waitress had to be flagged down and the service, well, we gave up.  Oh, and we missed the FIRST Arizona Cardinals TOUCHDOWN because they didn't even have the GAME ON.  Just before the 2pm game time, we were like, there isn't one TV clued into the Cards game and everyone was too scared to ask the rude bartender with an attitude  to turn on the ARIZONA Cards game.   I mean we are in ARIZONA?  Final thing, word to the wise:: DO not believe their "free ride" service advertising.  If you call that number you will get a cranky, dour man who acts like he is doing you a favor to pick you up. He drives a really  dirty, smoke-infested cab. Yuck.   Well,we  left and took our party to our friends house.  This place it not worth it to hang out anymore. My last dollar was spent there yesterday 11/24/13. I'm done.
1 We will never go back! bad food! Bad service!
4 We have Driven past this  joint 10,000 times over the past few years and never given it a second thought.   Ryan was having a new stereo system put in our daughter's car at the radio place a block away & he walked here to wait for them to finish installing it.  He called me and asked if I wanted to meet him "down there" for lunch, I said sure, I was sorta tired of watching the "Who the bleep did I Marry" marathon anyway.    I want to make something clear; THIS IS A BAR! A JOINT! A hangout of sorts.   Let's be realistic and call it like it is. I don't like it when people review places going into it with the wrong prospective or expectation  and rating it as you would a five star dining experience. IT IS A BAR!   I walked in, found my honey sitting between the 42 year old high school drop out and,  I am pretty sure the guy I just saw featured on "Who the bleep did I marry" a few minutes ago. Buuuuttttt. Anywho....  I sat at the bar and hung my brand new leather CHLOE bag on the convenient hook located just under the bar top.   I sat down all ready to be pissed from reading the reviews. But again, I realize I am in a BAR, so I have no expectations.    The diet coke was really good!   The felon (beside me) and his tatted up friend ( is tatted spelled right) like he had a lot of tattoos, isn't that what you called "tatted???" ANYWAY, they had just gotten their food when I sat  down.    One guy had a rueben which looked pretty darn good with crispy rye bread and extra thousand island with waffle fries, his friend  had a 12" hot dog smothered in chili and cheese.  When the bartender placed it in front of him, the tatted guy yells "holy shit" and, after seeing it with my own two eyes, that was a spot on analogy! It was huge and it cost $3.99!! It came with fries too. I believe it was called the home wrecker or the hijacker, something like that. Felon guy made a great comment about "wrecking his toilet" later and giggled as he began to dig in.  I looked over the menu forever! It has a fun concept referring  to most food items in categories titled for cities and streets in Chicago.   The bartender came over and asked what we wanted. I told him I really didn't want to eat anything fattening and greasy. Realizing I sounded snooty after I said that,   he very nicely recommended a Chicken breast topped with Swiss and avocado. Then he said "instead of fries, we can do a dinner salad."  I said "PERFECT!!"  Ryan ordered a personal pizza. I don't even know what kind.   I also ordered fried pickles, cause I tend to like fried pickles. :)   The bartender kept my diet coke fresh the whole time. That is huge extra bonus points when a waitstaff person does that for me!   The food was really good.  Let's Remember,  IT IS BAR FOOD!!   The dinner salad was good. I took a picture for you. I also took a picture of Ryan's pizza, my sandwich, my Fried pickles and a friend who met us there ordered chicken fingers. They were HUGE!!!  I took a picture of those as well.  The young, pregnant barback was really sweet and was working really hard the whole time we were there that I observed. The bar was packed as was the outdoor patio.   I did smell a little bit of smoke coming from the patio outside, but (say it with me) IT IS A BAR!   There are awesome Tv's everywhere. It would be a fantastic place to go and watch any sports game that was on or you could play a little pool too.   They have happy hour everyday from 11-7pm. The size of the beers were rediculous. They also have a "free ride home" service which I was pretty impressed by.   I don't drink beer, but if you do, you will be happy here.  I saw a few hard ass looking motorcycle guys, a lesbian in a tank top and cut offs, a few families with small children, young, blue collar guys enjoying a day away from the naggin wives, several husband and wife enjoying a beautiful Sunday, and just regular ole everyday people like myself.   If you just throw all of your  expectations out the window when you go here, you might be pleasantly surprised by the warm, neighborhood hangout kinda vibe it has.   Every staff member was very pleasant and all of the patrons were nice as well. When our friend came in to join us at the packed bar, the lone man sitting next to me actually got up and offered him his chair.   The bartender was very pleasant and made a nice lunch suggestion for me, he kept our drinks full, he made conversation and joked with all of the patrons.  Even though the bar was full, he didn't ignore anyone that I saw.   I would go back here for sure. And BELIEVE ME WHEN I say; I have high expectations when I eat out, shop, whatever, but I am also a realist and realize some places are supposed to be a certain way. Like a BAR. There is definitely a specific vibe in here and it is what makes this place  fun and sets it apart. :)   We will go back and maybe make a few friends next time we are there. After all, it would be intriguing to have a friend on parole .
1 This place is right around the corner from where I live so thought I would stop by to check it out because they advertised $2 Dos Equis today. Ordered the green chile burger. Worst burger I think I ever ate. No flavor at all. Some type of flavorless green paste on it. It reeked of stale smoke even though it was non smoking. The only thing good about it was the beer. I won't go back.
3 Very good service. Lots of young people working.  Fish is great, especially the salmon.  Been here a few times. My only complaint was the wine selection, which I mentioned to the waiter, bartender & manager.  I don't think I got thru to them because of replies to go to their web page & post for the franchise managers.  One kind of white wine? Cheap, & bitter. That's what happens when your from Wine Country! LOL
5 I love this place. Always great food, great drinks, great atmosphere. Ignore the reviews that are not so complimentary. We always have a great time. Tammy is an awesome bartender and Mikey is a great cook. Give it a try. If u don't like the servers, tell them and they will fix it!!
1 My hubby and I got a Groupon for this place.  I have seen it advertised in local newspapers and Val Pak coupon books so I thought they might be popular and decided to check them out.    Full disclosure, we are not sports bar people per se, but I have eaten lunch in my fair share of sports bars over the years and I have no issue with the environment and fully expected a bar food type menu of offerings.  My one-star review is because the food my husband and I had (fried zucchini & mushroom app, Car Guy burger for hubby and Patty Melt for me) was literally the WORST food we have EVER eaten.    Case in point, my husband ended up spitting out his first bite of burger because he couldn't get it down!!!  The burgers, which they are supposedly known for, were made from a nasty frozen patty that must have been either frozen for 10 years or they are using the cheapest nastiest quality of protein available (don't even want to say it was beef because we honestly were sure)!   I didn't have high expectations going in (understood it was a sports bar, understood the type of food we would find on the menu, expected the sports bar atmosphere) and despite low expectations, they still failed miserably.  Suffice to say we will never return to JJ Madison's and unless you are only going to drink I recommend staying away as well.
