5 This place just opened two weeks ago and I have already been there twice.  Great pizza, great bread sticks, and a great price.  I am a pizza addict so I have tried a ton of different pizza places in Scottsdale, and Phoenix.  I think this is the best so far.  Great topping selection, great crust, and it all tastes good too!  I got the pizza to go both times, and they have been nice and warm each time.  No complaints.  Will definitely be going there again!  Maybe this weekend!
4 Oooh!  A shiny new pizza spot!  I have been told time and time again to try Barro's, so the opening of this location was the perfect opportunity to put it to my pepperoni and mushroom test.  All I can say is What Took Me So Long!?  This pizza is GOOD!  Zesty sauce, ample topping coverage and a puffy pillow-like outer crust.  It looks like it would be chewy, but it is not.  How do they do that?  Some sort of pizza alchemy, I am sure.  This location is brand new.  The dark wood floors and high-backed booths (that don't yet have butt-indentations from previous guests) are not the typical plastic red/green/white decor what you would expect from a casual pizza restaurant.  The staff is friendly, both on the phone and in person, which is nice.    In addition to fantastic whole pies, they also have inexpensive lunch specials (2 slices and a soda for $4 is my favorite!) until 4pm every day.  My only small sadness is that this location does not deliver to my house (even though it is closer than the Barro's that does cover my delivery area).  Oh well, I like this one and will probably visit more than is good for me!
5 Barro's Pizza is the best pizza in the state of Arizona.  Make sure you get some ranch to dip your pizza in... yummy good.
5 Short and easy review. Place is clean, service is friendly, environment is relaxed and cool. They have a decent build your own salad bar. Fountian machine for soda.  Short wait times for pizza/wings. I order their hot wing pizza, and have heard their white pizza is amazing. Boom. On my way right now to meet my family here for lunch.
4 So, Arizona's Barro's has good pizza. And...like any good chain, it's consistently good. The best part about Barro's though is that it's a local chain. I love knowing that this is pizza one gets in AZ only.  I'm only out at Barro's during lunch breaks, but man am I grateful that this location is so close to the office. Their lunch special is one of the best around. For less than $5 I get a decently sized salad, a slice and a drink. Oh, and the sausage really tastes like the sausage that I'm used to from Chicago.  The reason I'm writing this review though is because of the service. At this particular location I always feel taken care of. The staff is super friendly and always pretty cheerful (not creepy cheerful like the Twilight Zone or anything). If you work or live around North Scottsdale, give this Barro's your business.
4 They have great lunch specials all around $5 and they have a pretty good selection in terms of their menu. I typically get delivery and anytime they quote me a time they are always on time or early. When they deliver my order is always right and the food is steaming hot. My only complaint is that I pay a $2 delivery charge when I literally live a minute from them. My main reason for delivery is because I have 2 kids and live on the 3rd floor.   Most place that deliver have a free delivery area. I think as close as I am I shouldn't have to pay a delivery fee. Other than that love their pizza and am looking forward to my next order.
4 So as you are all aware, football season has commenced.  Now that my roomie and I have NFL Sunday TIcket we are going to be spending football Sundays at home much more often than at the sports bars.  This means having a place that delivers good pizza and wings is a must!  We were pleasantly surprised to discover this location delivers to our residence.  I think they have a larger grid than most delivery places which is awesome.  I really can't think of a place that meets all the criteria my roomie and I have to really like a pizza delivery place.  Price, quality, taste, and service are all above average here.    We ordered one of their specials which was an X-Large one topping pizza with 24 wings for 23.99 and a 2 liter of coke.  With taxes, delivery charge, and tip the total came to $34.00.  We ate the pizza and wings for lunch and dinner yesterday, some friends munched on the food too and we STILL have leftovers.  At least half a pizza and a dozen wings.  I would call that getting your money's worth.   The pizza doesn't taste generic like the big chains I dare not order from.  I really like the dough, crust, sauce, and cheese.  I also like that they don't COVER the pizza in pepperoni (not a fan but I was outvoted).  Is there better pizza out there? Yes.  But this does exactly the trick on a football sunday.  The wings are delicous.  We had the medium sauce (which they do not skimp on) and it had the perfect amount of heat to it.  There were A LOT of drums which I found surprising.  And these wings came from some fatty fatterson chickens, they are very big and meaty!  Score, score, and score!  One slice of pizza and two wings did me in (I'm sure the beer helped!)  Also they gave a delivery time estimate of 45min-1hr and they delivered in less than 40.  Yes, I was keeping track.  Major points scored here.   Barros will be getting regular delivery calls from us for the rest of football season!
5 Barro's is our favorite local pizza place. The food is really good & the prices are totally reasonable...it's a great place to grab dinner from during the work week, weekend lunch, or grubbing food for a day watching sports.   The pizzas are great. The crust is nice and thick with a very clean bread taste. The pizza sauce is very flavorful and the cheese is piled on plentifully. The pizza is just slightly salty and greasy (from the melted cheese), in a very pleasant and delicious way. Each bite into a slice is warm, cheesy, and oozy. This is exactly the kind of comforting pizza you want after a long day. The vegetarian pizza is awesome as well - tons of fresh veggie toppings and super thick.  The cheesy bread is really amazing - delightfully thick crust covered in a buttery garlic topping smothered in cheese served with pizza or marinara sauce (your choice) for dipping. The $3 price tag for what amounts to a medium-sized pizza can't be beat, either. The cinnamon bread is gigantic, a wonderful dessert, and it's nearly impossible to stop eating. It's basically pizza crust covered in butter and cinnamon sugar, served with sugar glaze dipping sauce. So good!
3 Dropped by at lunch starving. Good pizza -- loved the thicker crust. A slice and soda cost only $4. Incredibly cheap. What a deal!
3 Two people, two small pizzas & two beers.  And here I thought we were an "easy" table...  My pizza was brought to our table after a short, but reasonable wait.  My dining pal's?  NEVER CAME.  After waiting 15 minutes longer (and my pizza getting pathetically cold), he went to the counter and asked here the grub was.  Unapologetically, we were told the "ticket got lost" and that a new one would be out in 5 minutes.  For it to be "lost", it sure is curious how the cashier knew exactly what he had ordered.  Ugh... so finally the second pizza came out, again without any apologies or concessions.  By this time, my pizza was straight-up cold.  Boo.  If your order doesn't fall into the abyss, you can expect delicious, heavily-topped (like I like it) pizza in a very clean, but familiy-friendly setting.  They serve beer and wine by the bottle and individual-serving wine bottle, respectively.  I haven't tried them out for lunch, but the deals are smokin' - I think less than $3 for a slice + a soda.
4 Today I had the opportunity to taste Barro's pizza at a training I attended. I am giving them 4 stars because:  1) They were on time and food was hot 2) The pizza's all looked consistent 3) The ingredients were fresh 4) good flavor 5) Filling!   The crust was too thick for me, I like a thin crust. I also liked the flavor of the white pizza; however I wish they would spread around the ricotta instead of placing a great big bob in the middle of the pie.  I found the pizza good; although I would probably choose another place if given the opportunity, primarily because of my personal preference for the crust.
5 Try the Pineapple and Bacon (not Canadian) combo on original crust. It's AMAAAAZING.
4 Cleanliness of this Barro's puts some others to shame (like the one on Tatum & Dynamite).  Nice staff.  Pizza is the same as other locations which is rather good (the thicker crust at least, in my opinion).  Ample parking.  Great lunch deal of two thick crust slices & drink for $4.
4 When my mom still lived in Phoenix, this was our go to pizza delivery place, and we always got the same thing.   Pizza with double cheese, and barbecue chicken wings.   I never said it was healthy.   But it was yummy.
5 Have ordered from here once a week for month now. Fast delivery, good pizza for a great price. You won't be disappointed.
4 Can't beat Barro's lunch specials!  Saturday Kona pizza is my favorite cheat meal!  (add a little salad and at least I feel a little healthy!)
5 The customer service here is fantastic!  The staff is very friendly and helpful. My order is always made correct, fast, and super delicious!  They also have the best hot wings anywhere. I pick up dinner every Friday for my family and they love it!!!
5 Very clean place with outstanding customer service and great food cant beat it for the price and service
4 Staying at the Zona Resort and ordered a large pizza with cheese and pepperoni, 12 medium wings, 12 BBQ wings and two veggie salads! Everyone enjoyed all the food and said it was spot on. However, one tad bit (15 minutes) late delivery gets this place down to 4 solid stars.   The crust on the pizza was to all of our satisfaction - not too thin, not too thick. Sauce was right in the middle between sour and sweet - could have been sweeter with a bit more oregano flavor for this Sicilian, but overall - for a pizza place that delivers on a Sunday - it was really good.
5 The food is phenomenal we always get delivery sometimes we go there for Boy Scout meetings really great atmosphere even though place is a little it still looks amazing.
4 Barro's Pizza and a Sunday afternoon watching football is like mashed potatoes and gravy, they just go together.   If you're like me, Sunday is a day to break from my daily regimen of violating each of the seven deadly sins, but it's hard Ringo, it's real hard.   Sloth, couch. Lust, cheerleaders. Anger, losing team is my team. Greed, medium sized bet hoping to parlay truck payment into house payment. Envy, I wish I was an NFL player. Pride, gloating over win.  And then there's gluttony...  Gluttony happens when I'm out of beer,  need food, and, (refer to sloth) refuse to cook. Tortilla chips and bean dip won't cut it. I need something substantial. Enter Barro's.  Barro's makes a fine pie, both thin and thick crust. They deliver within an hour, and, I don't even have to move from the couch.  Their wings are good too. With a medium pie, dozen wings and tip, I'm all in at 25 bucks.  I love Barro's, even though they are a sinful enabler.
5 I'm not a huge fan of pizza but Barro's pizza is great! The staff is super friendly and restaurant is very clean. My boyfriend and I got the breadsticks with cheese for an appetizer because we heard they were great and they were VERY GOOD. For pizza we just got the basic pepperoni with original crust which was also great! Great experience and overall great food!
5 Best hot wings hands down!! Solid 10 everytime we order pizza & wings. LOVE BARROS!!!
3 Barro's has good pizza. I like their 2 slices and a drink for $5 lunch and their gluten free pizza is good to. What I don't like is walking into a restaurant where a bunch of tables are covered in dirty dishes, napkins and cups. I guess I'll stick to takeout or delivery from them.
3 Based upon 4-star rating, decided to give this place a shot for my pizza & wings craving. Unfortunately, both items were average at best. I ordered pizza with original crust and pepperoni. The pizza was very greasy - almost soggy - as evidenced by the  grease-soaked box. The pizza also tasted like they sprinkled a dusting of some kind of salt/spice over it at the end. It had a sandy texture all over it and tasted extra salty. I honestly would have to rate DiGiorno's from the freezer section better than this pizza. All the nice reviews surprise me. Maybe I am spoiled being from East Coast. I ordered the 12-pc wings with hot sauce as well. Again, average. I give kudos to them for actually having real wings and not those mini wing dings you sometimes find. But the sauce was so basic - tasted like typical butter and hot sauce mixture with poor butter-hot sauce ratio. Alas, my search for decent pizza in Scottsdale continues.
2 My idea of pizza is not a giant thick piece of round bread with a strange pasta sauce on top and half a pound of cheese. This is just cafeteria style pizza. Although, I am sure some people like it.  That is the thing with pizza - people like pizza even if it's bad pizza. And this is really pasta sauce thick bread pie.  This is not pizza. Pizza has a thin interior crust and thick puffy cornice. You can call chicken on a bun a hamburger, but it is not, it is a chicken sandwich.  This is not pizza - this is a thick round-bread topped with pasta sauce. It's not bad, but when you order a pizza, you expect a dough that is thin in the middle, has no fat in it and is not bready, but puffs up at the edge nicely. This is not what i was expecting.
2 I normally would give this location 5 stars but after the poor service I received last week, I can no longer give them my business. I ordered a pizza for pick up, as I've done so many times before. But this time, the pizza was not up to it's normal high standards. The pineapple chunks were too big and the sauce and crust tasted 'off'. The ingredients were just not fresh. I could taste the chemicals. It tasted cheap! This use to be the best pizza ever, but not that night!  The following day I called them up and asked to speak to a manager. I got Matt on the phone and I don't know where he learned to be a manager, but after trying to see if they changed suppliers, he was so dismissive in his response. I felt completely brushed off by his tone. He kept saying he'd look into it but they haven't changed suppliers in the past 12 months. But something was not right and I really didn't get the feeling he really cared. I explained to him about their usual high standards and how often we order from them, but I really didn't feel he appreciated that. So, I'll be taking my business elsewhere. I do not want another un-tasty experience. I don't give my business to those that don't appreciate it. Way to go, Matt!! You just lost a very good customer!!
2 Pizza is really good. Delivery takes for ever! Over 1 hour. Don't even bother ordering ranch because they will most likely forget it. Glad there is another store opening on frank Lloyd wright and Thompson peak. Hopefully they will be a LOT better
2 I was not satisfied with my order at all I got cheese sticks and by the time they got here they were cold plus the salad wasn't even that good. Not doing that again!
2 Gluten-free pizza was gross and cold. Will not be eating there again. Go to Grimaldi's! It's worth the price!!
