4 If you are looking for the most authentic Mexican experience in the eastern Phoenix area, this is definitely the place to go.  Be warned, a translator definitely might be necessary!  My amiga and I had this spot recommended because it's one of the few that serve Birria and I would definitely agree on the quality.  Birria is a kind of goat soup that is spiced heavily and served with tortillas.    The restaurant itself is more or less a large room with tables and a cashier stand.  The menu is 90% Spanish, and there were definitely a few things I had never heard of before.  Every time I've gone there I believe I have been the only non-Spanish speaker there, but for the most part everyone is very friendly.  Again, this is not a date-spot or a place to impress anyone (unless they are snobs about traditional Mexican food!), but rather a good place to go to kick it with some Telemundo and delicious food.  One last piece of advice if you're headed there - bring cash!  They definitely don't take credit.
4 First, I'd like to say is that the only reason I didn't give El Ranchero five stars is because of the setting. The spray painted building, walk up ordering and telenovelas SHOULD be overlooked due to the quality of the food...but I know that some people calculate ambient qualities such as these. Personally, I would risk crossing the 38th parallel to get food like this. Words of warning: No English speakers there, but gringos are welcomed with accommodating smiles and nods. Also, CASH ONLY! Once you get past the skin of the place and down to the food only one thing should  be known... El Ranchero is, without a doubt, serving some of the best food in Phoenix!  I got an order of carne asada gorditas with some rice and beans. I noticed that the gorditas came with a sort of Au Jus (later I found out that it was the caldo de res). The gorditas alone were a wonderful conglomeration of carne asada, potatoes, lettuce and onions. But when I added a dash of amazing salsa and a splash of Au Jus (caldo) the meal sang.  Wow! I'm glad I finally went after passing it up so many times.
5 I will agree with the first two posts. I have been here a handful of times and food is always amazing
4 Very good food!!! The sopes and gorditas are very tasty. The food is very authentic and they have good size portions.  Cons: Cash only.  They close at 8:00pm
4 I have been here a few times so I am surprise to see it seems I have never reviewed this place. First - Cash only! I almost got in trouble for not having enough to pay the bill, but my amico came to the rescue... Also, they don't have fountain drinks, so if you like coke or so they are by bottle or can.  I usually come here because of the tripitas. I like their burros de tripitas very much. This last time I had one to go and had menudo for dinner there... meh... not a big fan. I don't know, it was like a lot of broth, not much meat and hominy, and not very tasty...  I will try to remember that next time and stick with the tripitas.  Service is OK, our server was in fact very patient... horchata was too sweet. I will try a Sangria Señorial next time. : )
4 Went to this place for lunch with 4 Latina co-workers.  I was the only gringa in the place.  It's an order at the counter and they bring the food to your table joint.  I got the enchiladas, as I usually do.  At $6.50, they seemed reasonably-priced.  When the food arrived at the table (really quickly), I was amazed to see 3 fat enchiladas, rice and beans on a large oval plate.  Everything was delicious and tasted homemade.  Service was super-fast and congenial.  Co-workers also ate beef gorditas and steak ranchero, which also looked amazing.  Not a fancy place, but great food can be had here!
