1 Horrible Service! Horrible Quality! We had a gate installed on the side of our brand new house using this company. I specfically asked that they install the gate high enough to clear our gravel. Not only did they put the gate as low as they could, they broke our cinderblock wall in two places, drilled 6 unnecessary holes in the wall of our house, and they didn't level the gate. The quality of the gate was poor, the latch was rudimentarily fashioned to the gate and the end was just got cut off to a sharp edge and not rounded or finished at all. When I called the company to complain, the receptionist put me on hold for 5 minutes and then came back on the phone and argued with me about the height of the gate. The installer told her that I said to put it as low as they could b/c of our dogs. Our dogs are huge. I don't think they would "slip" under a 3 inch clearance. Later that day, the installer showed back up, they didn't knock or notify me that they were coming back by, he just hopped our fence. I heard someone outside so I went ot the backyard and he was putting some sort of clear gel in the 6 holes.  Very unprofessional.
3 Issues were resolved after filing formal complaints with the BBB and ROC.
5 DCS Industries sales person was awesome to work with.  Helped us with the design of our security door, and allowed us to customize it.  After a wonderful job on our security door, we went back to them to have a side entry gate done.  They repaired and replaced our block, matching it perfectly!!  This was great job, well done!!!
5 The design and installation of our security door was awesome!  First, it was built and installed more quickly than was initially promised. Second, the colors and design exceeded our expectations! Third, the crew installing the door was top notch professional and courteous being very thorough and doing a great job cleaning up!   We compared this company with the other big names in security doors and feel very fortunate to have selected them. Dollar to dollar, these guys are the best value. Thanks DCS!
