3 Well... I have to say. I thought it might come back to this... Babylon Show Club is now GAY! Many moons ago this club was a Dicks Cabaret, and was sold to new owners who consequently turned it into Babylon Show Club, which was female. With a 4 million dollar make over, the club has come along way from it's Dick's days... But for whatever reason the female review of this club just couldn't pull it together. I did go when it was still female, and I have to say my ex and I really just kind of had a good laugh. The girls were a little tragic, and the place was empty. But hey, the economy sucks, right? At least I'm sure that is what they were blaming it on...   Anyway, I digress... Now it has once again been sold, but the inside and name has stayed the same. Only change is the twinks running around in their briefs and sneakers.. ( As a female dancer, I do find it strange they were sneakers, even on stage, but whatevs) I have to say though that when we were there on a Thursday night it wasn't completely dead. My $4 stoli blueberry any soda was 2-4-1 so that was an extra star... On the downside, their entertainer selection is a little rough, and most boys don't know how to swing around a pole, but my hats off for trying. Having only been open two weeks, I didn't expect  much. Hopefully with some fine tuning and a little promotion this place can be rockin. All in all, when your downtown partying and your gay boys wanna see some meat, take em Babylon... Its a good time ;)
5 Ok, the only two reviews before me are from straight people.  Now Babylon is gay and I have to say to say that is really good.  We came here because a facebook friend told me that the music was amazing. It is, I wasn't expecting a show club (cabaret) but not complaints, the guys performances are decent, nothing really nude.  One employee told me about their drag shows and the drinks are affordable.  So far, I'm having a great time..  Thinking about spend my new years here for sure.  :-). Check it out, is  a good place.
1 This place SUCKS!  They turn the lights on and stop the music to close the place down whenever they darn well feel like it...sometimes without warning and in the middle of a song while you got a dancer sitting on top of you.  The VIP is $20 bucks (you can get lap dances for half this price at a competitor club I won't mention) and is lit up bright as day so you have a full audience watching you while you get a VIP lap dance.  In all my times there, I have only been approached or even aknowledged by three dancers (those three happen to be ones I already knew though).  My biggest pet peve about this place is that there isn't consistency to their closing time.  On a Friday night recently they closed down at 2:30 a.m...even though they advertise that they're open until 4 a.m....no biggie though, I just went and dropped my wallet (just got paid) at another stip club that gladly took my money and was open until 4:30 a.m. that day.  I wnat this place to do well and I want to enjoy going there, but they need to make some serious changes...managment needs to be frindly and accomodating and they need to stick to a schedule and stay open even if its slow.  You never know, there could be a limo full of customers just down the road with money to spend, but if you're closed at 2:30 when they get there then all that money is not going to your dancers, but to another strip club instead...Customer service is another huge issue here.  When you walk into a strip club it is nice to be aknowledged and greeted ... at least a smile from somebody -- you don't get that here, at least not from what I've seen.  Lastly, I have been at this place when I didn't see anyone dancing on the pole for more than an hour.  No one was giving lap dances, so its not like the dancers were all preocupied.  I often wonder what is the point of even having the dancers there if they're never dancing on the stage? All in all, I'm extremely disapointed by this place.
5 Am I seriously yelping a strip club?  Am I actually spending a Friday night at a strip club?  Hells yeah.  Babylon is about the party, not the flesh. Everyone - hosts, bartenders, dancers, and DJ - is there to create an experience. It's a very professional, carefully cultivated atmosphere of over-the-top. These folks know what they're doing. Lonely lechs could enjoy themselves, but it's not really geared towards that. It's a cross between Spring Break and Vegas.  We got in at 8PM (too early) and stayed until they closed at 2. I'd recommend coming around 10, though a little earlier would be worth it for the booths. God it was fun hanging out with our own cheap velour couch, dance pole/table, and sequined pillows.  Two of us paid $20 for all the beer, shots, and mixed drinks we could handle for six hours, plus a hookah that stayed hot all night. Not the very top of the shelf, but all would be called shots elsewhere. I don't know of any place cheaper. Drink specials went all night (and actually got better as the night went on).  Place: Bruno the Ginormous Gargoyle guards the massive front doors. Plenty of well-lit parking in the front. VERY seedy part of town. Smoking patio in the front. Really fabulous (expensive) decor in the old strip-club style. Couch booths surround the floor... you don't need to order bottle service to feel like a VIP. TVs played sports and news, which was weird.   Entertainers: Really likable, personable guys who are a clear cut above the others in Phoenix. Most of them do the acrobatics well. Half were white twinks, with the rest a mix of muscled and ethnic. They all considered themselves "hosts," and they played it well. They were there to make sure people were having a good time, not to have their bodies validated by dollar bills. I didn't feel obligated to tip every time they hung out with us, and I didn't feel lecherous. Very fun.  Staff: Love 'em. Every fifteen minutes, someone was stopping by to take care of us, and they always kept an eye out for a raised finger. This was way more than filling our drinks. The cute boy in the Armani was happy to put the salt for body shots anywhere on us or others, keep the coals on the hookah going strong, and bring by shots for no reason at all. We felt like VIPs all night.   DJ/Music: The DJ was a ton of fun, and spent a lot of time in the crowd, learning what people wanted to hear. Very interactive. The music was very Cher/Brittany/Lady Gaga. We did get him to play some Nine Inch Nails though. All very danceable. A long section where he played Electric Slide-style stuff to get everyone partying together on the dance floor, which some of us liked and some us hated.  We HATE HATE HATE strippers in general (half of us are/were dancers). But this was such a fun experience. We'll find excuses to be back.  Do not go on Thursday/Friday, at least until they get rid of that drag queen Niveah. She ruined the later half of the night for us. Everything was awesome otherwise.
