2 In short, one of the most boring meals I have ever eaten.  Las Cazuelas is about a block from our apartment, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it on Thursday night when we were both tired and the streets were still nigh-impassable from Wednesday's snowstorm.  We were seated quickly by pleasant waitstaff at a table near the fire, which both of us appreciated.  After that, however, service was relatively slow and lackluster, despite the near emptiness of the restaurant.  My boyfriend got one refill on his iced tea throughout the meal.  After clearing the plates, our waitress returned with the check without even asking if we were interested in dessert (despite a display of various cheesecakes and whatnot just inside the front door), or if I wanted another glass of wine.  The food itself was incredibly bland.  I had the chicken enchiladas, which tasted like unflavored grits with (overly dry) protein strips and a thin topping of, possibly, diced tomato.  It was as if the cook had never heard of spices, including salt and pepper.  The beans and rice were not objectionable, but were also completely lacking in any spice or flavor.  This seems like the perfect place to take an extremely picky 5-year-old.  If you actually like Mexican food, go somewhere else.
2 Boy, I really wanted to like Las Cazuelas.  I was heartened by the nice and somber decor, much of it a holdover from Café Porta Alba (including the wood-burning stove).  We started out on a good note; the chips were warm and the salsa was very nice; both were plentiful.  Our tamal appetizer was also spicy and good, and the queso fundido was delicious, too, with a healthy portion of mushrooms and chorizo within the mixture.  Our margitas, (two house, one special with agave and higher-end tequila) were also tasty, although no match for the knock-you-out variety served at Pasqual's.  Things started to take a downturn, however, quickly thereafter.  We first learned that the restaurant was out of guacamole.  This also meant that every single dish that came with avocado, a favorite of ours, would be coming without it.  We were encouraged by the interesting menu selections, but were feeling weighed down by our appetizers, and so went with soup and salad selections.  The fajita and Yucatán salads, promising baby greens, came with a bed of uninspired bagged romaine.  The remaining veggies (remember, no avocado) in the Yucatán, including jicama chunks, were frozen.  Yes, frozen solid.  As one of my companions mentioned, "What was I thinking ordering a salad at a Mexican restaurant."  Fair enough, but the more adventurous menu suggested that things might have been better and that it would be okay to risk.  My own tortilla soup was also bland and without any real flavor.  It was akin to a Progresso chicken soup.    We skipped dessert, but the bill for three of us came to $70.  The food did not live up to this tab, nor did it match up with the decor.  Our server was nice and attentive, but I will be unlikely to return to Las Cazuelas.  This means we're still on the hunt for a really good Mexican place in Madison beyond the taqueria experience.
4 I think this place is fabulous. I have been there twice and been completely satisfied. I agree with the previous statement that the place itself is a little boring due to the lake of customers but I found the waitstaff completely attentive and friendly.   Plus, a bonus I had a groupon so it was a great deal as well!
3 I'm surprised by how many extremely negative reviews there are of this place. I've been there twice. The first time, I got tamales that were a little dry and fairly unimpressive. I went back recently and got tacos (I ordered the al pastor tacos, and asked for one of them to be switched out so I could try a huitlacoche taco as well). The tacos were quite good; I was surprised by how much I liked the huitlacoche one (it had zucchini and lots of garlic besides the corn-fungus). My complaint would be that the tacos did not have tons of food in them, but I have to say that I was full when I finished, so maybe that's not so bad. My boyfriend was very happy with his veggie fajitas.   The best thing about this place is that they make their own refried beans, which might not sound like a big deal, but in a town of Sysco-fied Mexican fare, that's pretty special, and you can really taste the difference.
4 Really Enjoyed it!  Great from the start through the end of the meal. The Guacamole was excellent.   Had one of the Wood Fired Oven Entrees the Chamorro and it was fantastic...falling off the bone tender fantastic.
2 Went here for a workday lunch, waited over an hour for food and finally told them we'd just take it to-go.  They were very apologetic, comped everything.  Got back to the office and realized that they had messed up my order.  Two chile rellenos instead of the chile relleno and tamale.  The relleno was filled with runny cheese, no meat, and was awful.  Hate to write negative reviews, but this one seems deserved.
