4 The service was VERY friendly. I'm a woman So I always feel like im getting screwed over anyways but this was pretty good. Got oil change, brake and transmission fluids and a few other services and it was about $270 bucks. Mind you the truck hadn't has ANY service in 2 years so it probably needed it. The waiting area is very nice and they also give Military Discount :)
5 It was time for an oil change, and Goodyear advertised a synthetic blend oil change with filter for $20.  The business closed at 6:00 p.m. on this night, and they took my car at a little after 5:00 p.m.  They got the job done at the price advertised, and did not attempt to justify any added fees (well, the work was taxed, but who can avoid that?).    If you are wondering why I'm tossing up a 5-star for this...read the my prior review.  The contrast is astounding.
4 For the me, the service has always been great.  All the employees here have always been attentive and for once, not trying to rip you off.  I know how to work on cars and know when a mechanic or manager is trying to pull one on you.  Not this place.  In fact, I've been here twice where they fixed a flat without charging me a penny.  I will definitely be back the next time I need service for my car.   Now for some facts...I have a company issued car meaning that all the service is paid by my company.  Also, any additional work needed is paid through by my company.  Not a bad deal for me so I can't begin to comment on the cost to get work done becauses I never have to pay out of pocket.  I am judging this place based on service and the fact that they never tell me I have something wrong when I don't.  My only gripe is the waiting room.  Nice TV, but no cable or DirecTV.  I know, now I'm getting picky.  I had to find something wrong, right?
1 I'ts been a while since I wrote a review but I have to let you know about this Deceiving place.  I usually don't take my cars to a shop based on the 99% of dishonest mechanics.   But this time I did.  Big Big mistake! I selected  this place after my 94 Cadillac Fleetwood  died on the freeway at around midnight, so I called AAA thanks to my Bud Andy for the hook up. So I had them tow it to this location cause it is walking distance to my place. So I go in after I get off work right when they are barely opening at 7:30am to get an estimate.  I was thinking it was the fuel pump that went out, and the estimate the store Manager Ken gave me  was over $650. The fuel pump was $290 the rest hourly labor.  But I wasn't really sure if that was going to be the problem.  I told Ken I wasn't sure, so Ken suggested an engine diagnostics for $89! Ouch!  Ken saw that I was hesitating then tells me "will do the diagnostics and if you decide to have it repaired here I will waive the $89".  I was still unsure but then I thought get diagnostics and then maybe fix it at home. I said "OK" we go in the office and I sign the receipt for $89, Ken tells me "it will take an 1hr -1 1/2 hr I will give you a call" I was like Cool. I'm at home waiting and i'ts 12:20pm and nothing so I call the shop Manager Ken D. answers I asked for an update and he says "we are still working on it I will call you".  At 1:24 Ken calls and says it was a wiring harness got burned and they are hard to find cause they are out of production, but he already had ordered the part  and should be ready in like 3 hours then tells me he is going to charge me 3hours labor and 100something for the part.  Ken tells me Total balance due as of right now is $562!  He then said "even though it took 5hrs to find the problem and  I'm  waiving the $89 diagnostics fee" Ken was making it sound like I was getting a great deal. I was thinking like WTF! So I immediately go to the shop to see  what part it was, it's a simple wire harness that's very accessible so I ask Manager Ken "you are charging me 3hrs labor to replace that part? he said "no, my mechanic worked on it for 5hrs to find the problem but i'm only charging you for 3hrs".  I was like "isn't that what a computer diagnostic is for to find out whats wrong with it? he said "no, diagnostic is to check the on board computer but once you get into the wiring it's by the hour" so i'm thinking I didn't approve all this shit all I wanted was the $89 diagnostics.  I asked Ken for a print out of the diagnostics and said they don't have one the allegedly machine they  use don't print any, they just look at it . WTF! for $89 with no print out that's bullshit! even Auto Zone gives you one.  I wanted  to argue with the deceiver and get my car the Hell out of there, but again he has me and my car Hostage at this point with such a high balance due. I had no choice but to call the Corporate office, cause it was the Manager of the shop doing all this craziness. After a few days of stress.  The balance came back down to the original price of $89 saving $473 even though I still didn't get a diagnostics, I was able to rescue my Caddy and escape the entrapment of this repair shop.
