5 I am a "well adjusted" patient of Kaizen and appreciate all the amenities that they have to offer.  Dr. Steve has been my chiropractor for many years and has been effective in my preventive care.  I suggest his practice to all of my family and friends.
5 I had the opportunity yesterday to visit Kai-Zen a wellness center located in South Scottsdale. They offer Yoga, Skin Care, Massage Therapy, Acupuncture, and Chiropractic services. I was instantly greeted the moment I walked through the door by a lady named Sharon. She made me feel very welcomed and carried a friendly conversation with me until I went in for my appointment. I had an appointment with April a licensed Massage Therapist. April performed a 60min full body massage. I have to say I was very impressed. April for the beginning asked me what areas that I need to focus on. She also asked me the level of pressure I could handle. April made me feel very comfortable and relaxed through the whole process. She used warm oils that felt so soothing. The room was cozy and quiet wile soft music was playing in the background. When I was done she thanked me for coming in along with almost everyone who worked there. This wellness facility has created a comforting environment for healing. I think part of this is because it is run by a great team.
5 I've known Dr Steve for 9 years.  He cares more about someone's health than they do at times.  He is a trusted friend and health care partner.  The staff is awesome too with lots of opportunities to regain or maintain your health.
5 wow! who knew.  I've been suffering with knee and calf muscle pain which has put a crimp in my activities for over 2 years..  I ran into Dr. Steve at a seminar and found out... can you believe I never knew this?  that Chiropractic treats more than just back problems.. That's right joints too.  Well, I've been seeing Dr Steve for a few weeks now and NO MORE KNEE PAIN.. I can speed walk, bicycle, dance and my back and neck feel more flexible too.  I'm now a chiro-lifer.  Thanks Dr. Steve.  I spent months in physical therapy a couple of years ago and YOU not they were able to take away my pain and let me continue with my active life.  Thanks.
5 What an incredible place to go for whatever ails you.  Dr. Hruby is an incredible doctor.  He's helped 4 people in my family with all sorts of aches and pains and we are all incredibly grateful.  We've referred a long list of friends and put their health in his capable hands and been thrilled with the improvements in their well being as well.  On top of the chiropractic and wellness care, I've also had an incredible facial from his aesthetician Kathy.   Dr Hruby is caring and thorough and so knowledgeable you know you're in good hands from the minute you walk in.
5 Dr Steve Hruby is one of a kind. He is extremely knowledgeable and very caring. I have been in and around the chiropractic community since 1978, and I can honestly say that he is my favorite chiropractor ever. He has a thirst for knowledge and is constantly improving on an already awesome base. In addition, his practice is run very efficiently and harmoniously. I highly recommend Kai Zen.
5 Dr. Hruby and his staff are more than amazing!  Such a general touch, soft adjustment, multiple options for treatment and complimentary services abound.  I cannot strongly enough encourage people to utilize the services provided by Kai-Zen Wellness.  If you want to take your health, your wellness, to the next level... Kai-Zen will get you to where you want to be!
5 Just met Dr. Steve. This guy is awesome. Equal parts bookworm, tech geek and wellness practitioner, he is a much bigger package than 'Chiropractor' implies. He spent over an hour with me to talk whole body, and clearly define his role in helping clients maintain good health through healthy habits. His facility has several support practitioners who share his vision of wellness. Just in this one visit his patients, sorry 'clients', were offering him high fives, pats on the back and hugs after their treatments. Can't believe I'm his first review in over a year! Come on people!!!  Long story short... This is no run of the mill back popper. Dr. Steve is on my permanent practitioners list.
5 Kai Zen is essential in my feeling my best. My back used to get thrown out a few times a year to the point where I could barely get out of bed. But since I have been following Dr. Steve's treatment plan my back hasn't gone out in years and I feel much better.
5 Dr. Steve has cared for my kids and myself for several years. He's amazing! He truly listens and cares. He is a good man with a huge heart, loving family & just an incredibly smart and trustworthy medical professional!
5 Dr. Steve has been my chiropractor for years & he is amazing.  His office is very conveniently located,  extremely comfortable & professional.  I highly recommend Kai-Zen.
