5 Five stars, easily. This is the lobby bar; it overlooks the valet area and it's next to Silk Road.  The seating was extremely comfortable, there were power outlets in some areas so I could get some work done, the wait staff was friendly and attentive, not to mention knowledgeable about the liquors on their menu.  I had a cabernet sauvignon; it was a 6 oz pour. Absurd amount for $14, well worth the price. Next, we had green chartreuse. Haven't seen that on a menu anywhere!  Great value for the liquor you get, friendly and unpretentious atmosphere. Awesome outdoor seating area that's going to be gorgeous in the summertime!
1 the set up was pretty but watching tv without sound sucks. the lounge decoration was gorgeous. there is nothing to do here for nonsmokers. all the action is on the hopeless,lung cancer smokers at aria hotel
4 I liked out bartender. I think his name was Gary. I do apologize I did forget. But I do remember he was funny and from Hawaii. Anyway he was a great bartender and made us awesome drinks. If you ever get a chance ask for the hawaiian liquid cocaine drink. Its really good =D
3 Cozy and small, Bar Vdara is a good bar to try if you want a quiet area to enjoy a nice conversation and a drink. There is an outdoor area which has a bed swing and is great for sitting, but not for sipping...I was soo scared my drink would fall that I had to retreat and go back inside. The service was a little slow, only one bartender to tend our drinks and the waitress was not too familiar with the drink menu (one star off). There is a cool art piece right outside in front of the Vdara entrance which was a stack of canoes and kayaks formed together like a huge Jenga puzzle, very creative. I didn't like how we had to walk around the Aria in order to find Vdara, quite a walk (one star off). It's not my ideal hotel, but for the less crowded feel, Vdara is the place to be.
5 Perhaps I'm biased because we stayed @ Vdara but I loved their cozy little bar.  It is small but the lounge area is quite big and you can sit anywhere - they have chairs, couches, or you can lay down outside in their comfy swing lounge.  You can order from barVdara anywhere in that area so you are not confined to the bar.  This bar is perfect for those looking to chill, enjoy nice conversation and actually hear what everyone in your party is saying, and/or couples who prefer to be more intimate w/out the loud music and TVs in the background.  This is the main reason I give it 5 stars.    After a romantic dinner & finishing a magnum bottle of champagne my fiancé and I resorted back to Vdara. But in our drunken & happy state we felt that another drink was needed so we stopped at the bar before heading to our room.  The bartender was hilarious & everyone at the bar was having a great time.  I asked if they had sweet tea (vodka) but they didn't. Boo! =(  Instead, the bartender concocted a fabulous pineapple cocktail but with a strong kick. $13 for 1 drink - not bad.  We returned to barVdara the following day because we were tired from all the walking, scorching heat, and loudness from being out on the strip.  We decided to spend our last couple hours in Vegas in our hotel.  Our waitress was friendly, polite, attentive, but she also gave us our space.  Cocktails are served with bar appetizers - chips, nuts, and wasabi peas. Nice touch.  What I loved: * Kobe Beef Sliders - cooked to our liking and actually quite filling.  The fries tasted much like criss cut fries. The seasoning was delicious! * Black Dragon Mojito - served as a martini but I asked for a regular style mojito. Dragon berry rum with blackberries. Best mojito I've ever had!
5 great drinks with fresh ingredients and QUIET zen feeling, superb for the anti-Vegas experience even though you are right on the Strip.  Inca Mama is a great tasting Pisco Sour concoction and their homemade ginger ale is fantastic for the non-alcoholic set.   Great place to chill out, get a mellow out vibe on, and just relax.   The crew are fun, nice too. Chris, Elena, and Brandie were all great
4 Like I said in my review of the hotel, this a nice chill out bar. a place where you just stop for a drink or 2, while waiting for someone or making time to head out on the strip. And the bartender was really nice, polite and chatty, he was great!!!
4 Came here for the rock and roll wine thingy through the Las Vegas Weekly. All you have to do is RSVP and you show up and get a wristband and free wine till they run out. It was from 6-8 but we didnt get there til 7 and it was pretty packed. We scored our wine and even found a nice comfy spot to chill out while we drank some pretty tasty red wine. The white wine was already out. But that was fine with me since I love red wine. By the time we finished our glasses and went back for 2nds they were now outta red. Guess you gotta go back stat after getting your 1st glass. Live and learn. I used this method at many spy on vegas drink fests. I hope to get the chance to do it again at another free wine event. It was alot of fun.
4 My co-workers and I stayed at the Vdara while on a business trip and the bar was the best part, other than the view from our room! The chicken wings were very crispy and juicy - definitely order the sauce on the side!! Makes it taste a lot better! The drinks were pretty good as well. The feel was very relaxing and quiet for a Vegas hotel. If you're meeting up with someone to have a couple drinks and quiet conversation, I would definitely recommend this bar!!
5 I was in Vegas for a few days, or should I say my monthly deposit to the local economy..And through twitter I found a #4diamond #tweetup event..Easy rsvp and with constant reminders.  Show up for the event show my id, get a glass and a hand stamp and an entrance to a raffle.  First off the hotel entrance and bar is amazingly beautiful and clean and nice and shiny..wow..very organized event with several wine and champagne vendors and dj..  I sampled every type of wine available but really dug the Moet ice..think champagne mojito..The raffles and giveaways were pretty constant through the night and I happened to win a Fendi iphone cover..  The free apps were good, mainly seafood items but really tasty..I will be back to visit this little bar next visit..all in all a good time with some really nice people and really amazing drinks.
4 This place was nice and loungy which was what I was exactly what I was looking for after walking around for 4ish hours straight. My feet were killing me and I needed a drink and some food. I never have a concept what time it is when I'm on vacation until I realize how hungry I am. We sat down in some big comfy chairs near the bar and soon our server was over to take our drink orders. We both just got beer because I was more focused in perusing the food menu. The boy got chicken wings with teryaki sauce and I ordered the chicken wontons. They were priced pretty close to each other but the difference in the amount of food was crazy. Our server brings out this huge BUCKET of wings and a bowl of teryaki sauce for my boyfriend and then I see my plate of 3 teeny tiny little wontons. :( Don't get me wrong, they were delicious but they were smaller than bite size and when I am hungry I can put away a large amount of food. Luckily, I was able to sneak a few delicious chicken wings away from J so I ended up fairly satisfied.
4 Located in the lobby of Vdara, very nice modern contemporary decor, comfy chairs, couches, sofas, and patio. The swing bed at patio is sooo comfy, I could totally take a nap there, a lady  was actually  taking a nap on the  couch next to me! :)   They have light fare, specialty cocktails, beer & wine, spirits and liquor.  I tried red rose garden and gingerpear, all premium vodka cocktails, they were soooo yummy!  $14 each.   Since its located in the lobby, its very convenient to have a couple drinks before we head out to somewhere else, or have more drinks before we go back to our suite, just relax on the couch after too much walking. they offer free snacks for your drinks. I ordered Ahi Tuna rolls to go as my late night snack, or just in case I get hungry sometime.  It opens daily, until 1 am from Sun.-Thur. , 2 am on Friday and Saturdays. service is very nice, friendly and attentive. :)
4 Great little bar and lounge area inside the Vdara Hotel!  They make their own Ginger Ale from scratch - and it is delicious! Better than commercially produced Ginger Ale!  They also make a good dirty vodka martini and a good Bloody Mary!  Bartenders are friendly and service-oriented!
4 This is a GREAT place for a hotel lobby bar!  We had drinks here one evening--and while they were a bit pricey (like everything in City Center)--they were very well crafted and enjoyed by all of us.  Our bartender Terry was excellent!  He overheard my wife say what she was going to order and had already made it and brought it over to us even before he took the rest of our orders!    I had their version of an upscale margarita--which was excellently made--Terry puts his whole body into shaking these cocktails!  The drink was excellent--but what put it over the top for me was the glass rimmed not only with salt but with red chili flakes as well!  It was unexpected and has bumped this margarita to the top of the alcoholic drink chain for me!   Overall a very good, albeit over-priced bar, with an excellent bartending staff.
4 Here for a Patron silver, XO, and XO dark chocolate, and Pyrat Rum tasting. Also featuring passed hor dourves including desserts containing these delicious drinks. Cake lollipops with coco patron, vanilla filling and roasted caramel and cocunut topping...just to name one. And my fav, the rum infused orange marmalade shrimp skewers. Yummmy.  Cool hip and moderately upscale bar with an outside lounge over looking the CityCenter valet, surrounded by swinging lounge chairs and a small creek. Its chilly, but theres enough heat lamps to keep warm.  Nice getaway bar located in Vdara, ill be back.
5 If you're planning on being in Vegas any time soon and you've been having trouble finding a bartender who could make you that exotic drink you've been searching all over for... then search no more.  Stop by the Bar Vdara at the Vdara hotel and ask for Antonio. He's probably the most worldly bartender I've run into. Ever. And quite nice to look at too :-)  He'll run all the way to the kitchen and back with an egg for the Pisco Sour you're wanting. Yes, he uses real egg whites. And he makes it to perfection. The flavor of the pisco isn't lost and it's definitely not sweet, but not bitter either. I marveled at the fact that he even knew what a Pisco Sour was.  And whilst discussing the history of this cocktail's origin with my work friend, another woman came up and ordered a Negroni and swore that he made the best Negroni she's ever had.  So - go to Bar Vdara, ask for Antonio, and ask for the exotic you've been craving forever. Chances are, he can make it. And the regular stuff too.  If I could have, I would have tucked him in my luggage case and taken him home with me! Tell him the cute little Asian girl that likes pisco sour sent you :-)  Oh, and a big plus because the bar is non-smoking!
4 A few friends and I popped down here for a quick drink pre-dinner. The bartenders are nice and courteous and the drinks are oh-so-pretty! I forget the name of our drink but it had champagne and berries and the presentation was adorable.  I believe the drinks were $14 a pop, and they serve complimentary mustard pretzels (SO GOOD), wasabi beans, and some trail mix type snack in a little tray for you! Perfect.
5 If you are looking for a bar that will exceed all your expectations; bar Vdara is what your looking for.  Manny is the best mixologist ever. He can create anything your heart desires. He's truly an artist!
4 Had some time to kill and just landed in Vegas, so why not start the party early! Came here with our luggage's and all and took some welcome to Vegas shots. The shots were not expensive like most other places... it ran us about 12$.. and they were more like double shot sized, which is alwaysssssss awesome! The bartender was very nice and friendly and even offered us a nice assortment of bar snacks on this cute platter type thing.. Check it out if you're in the hotel.. they also have bar food (saw a couple eating some wings)..
4 Stopped in for dessert and cocktails. I had the creme brûlée and the Black Dragon. After one sip of the Black Dragon I loved it so much I told the waitress to get another one started. haha.  We were staying in the hotel or I would not have come in specifically for drinks here but it was great to have it in the lobby and be able to pop in for a Black Dragon whenever I wanted to.
4 I stayed at the Vdara while I was recently in Vegas.  They have one bar in the lobby and given, it's packed.  It was a bit "rowdy" when I came down for a drink but when I did finally get noticed by Brandie she helped me right away.  That girl works magic making drinks and is so incredibly nice and calm I couldn't be upset with her.  Heck, this hotel itself can't get me upset.  Drinks here are inventive, strong, and delicious.  I did order some sliders which arrived kinda late but again, it was packed and lots of people were watching the baseball game.  The sliders were so yummy and came with some fries.  I enjoyed every bite of it alongside my cocktails.  Bonus was that they had an outdoor seating area which has a serene feel to it with a little moat like water around it, some swinging beds, and comfy seats that can make anyone fall asleep.  It may be a bit hard to get a drink though since servers are overwhelemed when things get busy.  Sitting right at the bar is the way to go.
2 Terrible food.  The sliders were bland, and I ordered them well, they were on the red side of medium rare.  The sauce on them was terrible.  My husband had a pizza, and while he ate it, it was clearly a pre-made crust.    The service was okay, and for the only bar here, this was our choice for people-watching and meeting our friends.
4 My buddy and I closed our first evening in Vegas at Bar Vdara.  It was a Tuesday night in October, so not too busy.  I steered us to the quiet seats towards the front door.  My bad - it wasn't as fun, and it was less trafficked by others, so no people watching, and our server, who had tables closer to the bar to attend to.   She was helpful - we ordered the seasonal pumpkin martini, and she suggested the bartender's revised version, which she said was creamier.  It was awesome - it was like a piece of pumpkin pie in a glass.  But in a good way.   I tried the Black Dragon, which was tasty, though I envied the pumpkin martini.  Drinks are pricy, like everywhere else in Vegas. But tasty.  We grabbed a quick lunch here the next day, but they bring it from the Marketplace Cafe across the lobby.  We probably should have just gone there, and skipped being served.  It's a bar/lounge, and not a cozy lunch spot.  Later that night, we decided to pre-game here, and we discovered the outdoor area, with this cool whimsical swing.  The little kid in me plus the legal-to-drink part of me were both happy at this.   Throw in fabulous evening weather and it was an awesome place to be.  The swing could probably hold four, but not all that comfortably. This time we both had the pumpkin martini, and they were both great.   We hit some other bars nearby, and I decided I needed some fresh air, and hey, the swing was available.  Score!
3 This is a small bar in the lobby area of the Vdara hotel.  The food was good, but took way too long for the price paid for it.  Staff kind of goofed off a lot and that bothered me since I was sitting there waiting for sustenance.  Another issue I have is that the lobby area would waft this overpoweringly strong fragrance that would give you headaches if you breathed in the aromatic fumes for too long.
5 Tony is without doubt makes the best drinks in town.  Always pleasant and takes very good care of his customers.  That is the only bartender I will go when I am staying at the Vdara.  Drinks are price accordingly.  Try it u will like it.
4 I love classy, yet laid back bars. Vesper or Chandelier in the Cosmo is usually my go to for that vibe, but I recently visited Bar Vdara at...oh yea Vdara (next door to aria and cosmo) and I loved it. It has a great menu and the drinks I had that night were delicious.   Manny, one of the bartenders makes this amazing green drink in a Martini glass and the only thing I know that was in it was this apricot liquor. I was too busy paying attention to my taste buds doing cartwheels then what he told me was in it. I just know that it was splendid. I had a few other creations from him, all of them just as good. I didn't have anything I did not like.   I will be visiting there in the future I am sure. Thank you for a relaxing night Bar Vdara!
1 I ordered one of the fall drinks, with a description that decidedly did NOT mention cream of any kind.  So imagine my surprise when a cream-based drink was placed in front of me.  Once I got the bartender's attention again and asked him What the hell?, he replied that the drink itself was properly made, but that the drink menu was inaccurate.  (??????????)  He did offer to remake it, but if he knew the menu was wrong, he should have mentioned that when I ordered.  Also, my date's house pinot noir was not one of the better examples of that varietal.  I won't be back.
4 Bar Vdara is a great place to come and people watch or laze around until you really hit the hot spots in City Center or on the Strip.  Located right in the hotel's lobby, we opted to hang out at Bar Vdara as one last stop before we caught a cab and left.  The atmosphere is wonderful but the service could use a little work.  Our waitress wasn't very personable or friendly and took a long time to even get us a drink menu.  Once we ordered our drinks, they came out timely and were pretty good.  Nothing exceptional about the specialty cocktails but the ambiance is key.  Hope you get a better waitress than we did!
3 Average hotel bar. Stopped by with a couple friends on the way back to the hotel.
5 Be advised that the only way to drive to this place is to Valet. There is no self parking. You can self park at the Cosmopolitan and walk over if you wish. The bar itself is not huge but just right. Their food is great. Good sized portions and very tasty. Price wise its City Center so that says it all. I can gurantee it'll be worth your buck.  Now on to the drinks. I highly suggest, if your lucky to be there when Manny is working, to lay off the drink menu and ask him to create something for you. I have been to many mixology bars and know some of the best mixologist in LA and Las Vegas and Manny is one of the best. Let him know what you like, what you don't like and what you love and he will come back with something out of this world. The other guys working there are great too but Manny takes the cake. Highly recommended.
4 Cool little spot away from the action of the strip. The bartenders were extremely nice. Drinks were a little pricey, but that's pretty much expected in an upscale hotel in this town. Highlight was the Filet sliders. Delicious! The sautéed mushroom on the sliders kicked it up another notch! Not bad Vdara, not bad. Stay hungry...and thirsty, my friends.
5 Here are some quick tips!  1. Bar Vdara is located in the lobby area of the Vdara.  2. Along with a drink menu, there are plenty of small plates to try!  3. There is an outdoor area with swinging couches, but they are located right next to the taxi/valet area.  4. The indoor area includes a comfy small couches area and the typical bar area.  5. If you want to be a cheap-o like me, you can buy your beers at the convenience store and walkover to Bar Vdara. It's cheaper than buying a beer at the bar. Good for groups of people.  If you want to get away from the excitement of the strip, Bar Vdara is probably a nice intimate drinking spot. My girlfriend and I enjoyed people watching on a lazy Saturday night while sipping on some cocktails. I can't remember anything that was exceptionally made, but the prices were reasonable by Vegas standards.  One of the things that I think is really nice is it is a very open seating area that promotes walking up to the bar itself. The bartenders and hostesses were incredibly friendly and very open to giving suggestions for cocktails and small plates. When you ordered a drink, as typical for every bar in Vegas, they will provide you with some stuff to snack on.  It's a great spot for a quiet, more intimate scene. No gogo girls dancing on table tops or crazy fights going on here, but it is a great spot for people watching.  As always, be safe when drinking!
4 Just had drinks. Martini and bloody mary. Both were delicious (better be for the price, and it is Vegas after all). BT's were fun to watch and very friendly.
4 Nice, quiet place to grab a cocktail before heading out to get rowdy! :)
4 This bar is laidback and still very classy/posh. I think they do a good job of making specialty cocktails and providing great service in this hotel. It's nowhere to go if you aren't staying in this hotel but definitely a nice spot to go if you are!! We stopped here on our way out to enjoy the night and during the day to enjoy the swing before deciding on what to do next. Very laidback and chill like the rest of the Vdara.
3 Drinks are expensive, service and food orders takes way too long.  $14 per cocktail.  Dont stop by for a drink if you are in a rush.
