1 ugh. had the mediterranean omelet. eggs were so overcooked they even looked rubbery, not to mention the taste. the artichokes were hard. the feta cheese was dry. flavors were odd. the only appetizing was the toast, and they don't make that in house.
3 We came here because California Pizza Kitchen had a wait of 30 minutes, and we were starving.. bumped into this place while we were trying to leave the mall in search of something good.   Decor had the usual 50's cars, pink, Elvis music, jukeboxes, Coke ads, etc.  We got the Mushroom burger w/fries and The Rueben w/fries, house salads as well.. waitress was nice but she seemed kinda old to be working there (?) but nice. It was the first time I even bit into a burger and thought it smelled like cow. As I told Kris this, I urged him to smell it. As I brought it to his face, he said it's just the way they cooked the mushrooms. Meh. Okay. He really liked his Rueben though. House salads were just iceberg lettuce with the typical veggies you could buy from a salad bag from Fry's. Not that exciting. Not exciting, but not memorable. I think I like Lori's Diner better (where I'm from), but I'm not sure if there's one in the phoenix area.
1 I love the 5 and diner over by the 10 off Ray Road ans so we decided to check out this one at the Chandler Mall.  A disastrous breakfast decision. While the service was friendly enough the food was terrible. I have no idea how one location can be so bad compared to another a few miles away but we will never come back here.  There were hardly any diners on a Sunday morning when most other breakfast joints are jammed so I guess that should have been a warning sign from the beginning.
1 Closed
1 My ex-boyfriend really favored this little 50's styled diner and we always got breakfast when we went there.  It's clean and the staff are friend, but there wasn't anything on the menu that really stood out.  Just greasy eggs and hash.  What took this review down to 1 star was the egg white and spinach "omelet."  I don't know what that thing was *really* made of but it looked like a big green and while football sitting on that plate and had about that much flavor and the same density.  Pretty disgusting.  I did what I could to dissuade him from this place any time I could.  Icky!
