5 If you have a problem and want someone HONEST, RELIABLE, and NICE then BRL is the place to call. They fixed our door and did a QUALITY job. I know it is hard to be excited about getting a door fixed, but Wayne really came to our rescue. We're thankful and wanted to share our joy with others who could benefit from their skills. It is hard to find good people you trust and I trust BRL.  If you knew me I'm one of those people who rarely posts, but Wayne is that good that I thought I would take the time to share my thoughts.
5 A huge thank you to Wayne and Chris from BRL!  I bought a second refrigerator that was to be stored in my pantry. I took all the measurements, ordered the fridge, and when the Loews guys came to install...it wouldn't fit through the pantry opening. I measured everything but the entrance way. Genius, I know.  I searched around on Yelp and found some good reviews about BRL's remodeling work. I called and Wayne, the owner, spoke with me on the phone. Wayne came out to the house and did the initial estimate and Chris was sent out to do the work a few days later.  Chris was so nice and professional. He even took the refrigerator doors off for me to assist with getting the fridge in to the pantry. He removed a piece of the wood trim from the pantry doorway in order to get the fridge in, replaced the trim, put the fridge doors back on, and after all was said and done, the pantry doorway looked virtually untouched. The cost to do the job was only $150 ($75/hour for labor).  I will definitely be contacting BRL again for any remodeling needs I have in the future.
5 DO NOT CALL ANYONE ELSE ! these guys have their act together. needed same day service to get 2 doors done before our walk through, and Wayne and his crew  came through.  one of the best experiences i've EVER had with a service company,
5 We recently installed new windows with BRL's and the whole experience was fantastic! Bob, the lead, was very professional and explained the entire process from start to finish. The two man work crew (Trevor and his assistant) was incredible! They removed "12" of our very old and outdated windows then installed the new ones in about 9 hours, including clean up...these guys are amazing! And the price was significantly less than some of their competitors.
5 Very helpful, I needed a special kind of door, he referred me to the correct place.  Thanks for being honest and guiding me in the right direction!
5 Had a patio door replaced with BRL and they did a great job! Started at around 7am and was done and cleaned up by 11:30. I waited to write a review until I had the door in a for a while and I am pleased to say that everything has been perfect with it. Great quality door, great workmanship and my house has never looked better.
4 I rarely do this but I am changing my 1 * to 4* for BRL thanks to the owner, Jake, who took the time to address my concerns regarding the original outrageous quote I received from them. After getting a better understanding of my needs and revising the quote we were able to get it in-line with my expectations. They went the extra mile and was able to help me install the door on the same day. That's what I call service! I am a fan and may actually become a repeat customer if the need arises. My hats off to Jake for turning a negative into a positive!!!
1 STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!  The sales guy Bob promises you the world, goes on and on and on how great and reputable they are and how they only use the best quality products and then talks garbage on all the other companies.   Well I tried them, installed 4 large windows and a huge slider door, paid 10% more than the other bid and then 1 hour after the installer completed the job, 2 of the windows trim just came apart from the wall revealing the huge gaps between the frame and the wall, looks just hideous. I called Bob the next day, reported the issue and he said it would be fixed.  5 days later, still nothing, no calls. Then Bob calls and wants the final payment, I said not till the job is completed and I can pay the installer right after he finishes fixing the trim pieces that basically fell off. He said that was no good as the installer is quitting and no telling if he ever goes back to their shop.   Anyhow, Bob goes off on me saying he can't believe I am holding off $3300 final payment over just a few trim pieces that are hard to do and very tricky. I explained why would I pay when the job is not completed as promised. I am paying over $6,000, for a job that currently is terrible and I would be embarrassed to show anyone, and yet he just admitted their installer is quitting, if I pay, I may never get my job fixed, did I look that stupid????  I have remodeled over 20 homes, anyone or company that yells at clients trying to intimated to get their final payment before the job is completed is a company that is not reputable, honest or professional.  I made crystal clear to Bob, complete the job, with the quality you sold me on and the check is right there and he continued to berate me wanting the money before fixing my windows.   BTW, this is a million dollar 1 acre home in Vegas, not a junker, and I'm a very sucessuful businessman so there is no reason anyone would think I would not pay, that is not the issue here.  And to top things off, I have asked 4 times for a copy of the invoice to be emailed to me and nothing, and Bob keeps saying it was the quote they gave me at the begining, but I told them I tossed it thinking I was getting a proper invoice, not a hand written quote/invoice thing. Seems they don't even have a office, that is obvious too!
5 My mother had a glass door and a window installed.  Bob is the most wonderful person to deal with.  Honest, he communicates regularly, very fairly priced and so attentive to what my mother wanted.  A wide variety of options was shown to her, estimate was received in a timely fashion.   The installers Jonathan and Shane arrived to do the install and they took such care of my mother, her needs, the home.  They were so professional, she felt very safe with them.  They encountered a problem with the structure and they not only worked through it, there was no change to the estimate, the install looked so beautiful, there was not trash left in my home, they showed me everything to do.    I would highly recommend these people and they will be back to replace two more of my windows.  These gentleman are part of one of  the most professional companies I have worked with in a very long time.  They truly do offer "customer service" in every way.
5 I'm shocked to read Scott M.'s review below!  I have used BRL on seven occasions over the last three years to replace our sliding glass door and several windows.  Work has included the pulling out of our old sliding glass door to replace it, removing a garden window over the kitchen sink, and replacing it with a standard window.  We have also had five large windows replaced, including two second-story windows.  They do have an office, and a showroom in Boulder City where we visited to look at styles for our patio door.  We have always been satisfied with our service from beginning to end.  Since I'm not a "successful businessman," we have replaced our windows one at a time as funds have allowed, and our salesman, Bob, is always accommodating with regard to meeting us for our estimates. He offers great advice on safety and energy efficiency and does not try to oversell.  He has been out on weekends, and I think even a Sunday!  The price on the invoice (a copy of which is ALWAYS provided) is always manageable, and the order time is always well within the time quoted.  Trevor and Mike, our install guys, have been extremely prompt and neat when working.  I have recommended this company to friends who have also been happy with their service.  I can't say enough good things about this company and I will continue to use them in the future!
2 They clearly don't want my business. I called because of the great reviews here. I had Bob over to give me an estimate He spent an hour and a half talking to me about why I should get Simonton windows and why the competition wasn't as good as they were.  However, it has been 5 days, and he never emailed me an estimate as promised. I asked for an estimate repeatedly when he was here, and he refused to tell me the cost of the windows. Why did he waste my time if he didn't want my business? I guess I'll go with the competition.
5 I am updating my previous review of this company from 1 star to 5. After giving Bob a second chance to impress me and win my business, he did just that. The windows that I had installed were the windows that Home Depot bid out as their "high end" product. With BRL, they delivered the same, if not better quality window for almost half the cost. The quality and pricing was more than fair. I signed my contract, and had my new windows installed a little over one week later, and they look amazing. The owner of the company, Wayne, and two of his installers, Paul and Mike, did an excellent and efficient job on the install. They were very diligent and thorough on both the install and the clean-up. Paul even adjusted my screen door for me, just because. I would definitely recommend BRL to anyone in the market. Bob even stopped by after the install to make sure everything met my expectations. I'm happy to say, my expectations have been exceeded.
5 I recently had 7 windows and a patio door replaced with BRL .  I took my time and got several bids for my project .  I'm elated that I went with BRL! Bob, Wayne, Shane , Josh, Paul and John were all fabulous , from the initial appointment with Bob  to the measurements with Wayne and the installation with Shane , Josh, Paul and John .  I'm very particular and the job done was just perfect and at a fair price.  Thank you all for a job well done ! I highly recommend this company ! I'll be using them again for another door installation ! High five guys!
5 Needed to get French doors installed at my place so I called BRL and talked to mike about different options available to me and we found something within my price range. I was a little having such a big job handled by a relative unknown, but the installer Shane was really knowledgeable and efficient, finishing the job with time to spare. Would recommend them to anyone.
