5 Grabbing a Yard Dog at Fat Tuesday is the Vegas thing to do.  It's the only place you can drink and walk the streets and you'll also look cool holding that tall glass of yummy goodness.  We got two in celebration of the marathon: a pina colada and the bellini.  We also added 3 shots and life was good.  Sore?  Who's sore?  We were ready to party once again.  The Yard Dogs stand 17 inches tall so check yourself at the door and be prepared for a good time.  This location was back at our hotel at Mandalay Bay on the 2nd floor near Luxor.
5 Fat Tuesday is awesome!!!  This location at Mandalay place is very convenient for someone going from the Luxor to Mandalay or vice versa.  You can expect all the favorite daiquiri's like 190 Octane.  An awesome tip for travelers is that they offer refills on the bigger containers.  This is great if your out for the a night on the strip being there are so many Fat Tuesday locations.
5 Great location same drink's as all the other fat Tuesday location's and is located in Mandalay Bay place also get the jello shot's and extra shot's is a must.
5 A yard dog is an absolute must to have.  Fill it up with 190 Octane and you will be good to go for a couple of hours.  Maybe you should get a second one if you dare.  They have the buck jello shots, so spend the extra dough on those.  It's guarantee to do the body good.  This place was so convenient since we were staying at the Luxor and it was right in the hotel in case we had to pass out on the floor on the way back.  A YIPPEE for that!
4 This is a great place for tasty frozen drinks. Mango is super tasty, and prices were fairly reasonable. The employees are really nice and helpful in suggesting tasty flavor options. I'm thinking about coming here later for a Miami vice!
4 I went to the one in Mandalay bay.  What a great way to grab a drink while walking through Mandalay Luxor and Excalibur.  I got I think the orange octane?  It was really good, and we got an extra shot added to the drinks for a dollar not bad.  I think it was 15 bucks for a drink in a souvenir cup.  I don't consider myself a lightweight when it comes to drinking by any means and I was buzzed pretty good after one of these.  Not bad!
5 "Must be born on or before today's date, 1991, to purchase alcohol"   WELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLl what do you know about that. APRIL FOOLS BABY I'M THE 21 and YOU WILL SERVE ME WELL!   Haha, they're pretty good about checking your ID, so make sure you have that handy, so you can get started on your Fat Tuesday on Sunday morning!! It was pretty short of amazing. Take your pick on cups and get started because once you have the cup, you can just keep coming back for more!   My all time favorite is the 44 Magnum (190 Octane & Hurricane). A mixture of Orange Juice and Vodka-190 O and the Hurr- is a Strawberry and Rum Daiquiri. Noms, you really feel it in the slushy. You're all thinking that it's cute like something you get from Seven-11, but really it's absolutely delicious and wonderful, especially in that Las Vegas heat! There's a list of most enjoyed mixes, or you can create your own! For a dollar, it's an extra shot in your drink in a test tube. It's cute and a tad bit hard to get the vodka out, so I just waited until I was at the end of my daiquiri before unleashing that shot!   It's at a continent location, in Mandalay Bay by shopping and hotels and casinos and they take cups and do refills from anywhere. It's the only Fat Tuesday in that general area, since the rest are Evening Call, but it's worth it and the prices are usually under 20$. The refills are like 11$ and under, so not bad not bad. Like a mini alcoholic slushy paying mini bar.  I will be back. And you should come try, especially if you're thirsty.   (PS. I wasn't hurting the next time, even with the shots. I probably needed even more!) Not to mention, since it is Vegas, they take pretty much most forms of payment in terms of cards and cash!
5 Best deal on the strip
3 I'm reviewing the forum shops location here. AVOID the margarita flavor unless your drink of choice is salty ice. They let you sample flavors which I recommend doing because sometimes the machines are out of syrup or something.. Extra shots for $1.00!! One of their frozen daquiri drinks will f@#k anyone up! I dont know if all the sugar supercharges the alcohol but im a 170 lb guy that drinks often and one 16oz lit me up... fast. cheers
5 Yummy frozen, alcoholic drinks on the Vegas strip with a double shot added for only $1???  How can you not give this place five stars?
5 Best place to get drinks on the strip! It's definitely worth the money and the $1 extra for an extra shot! Don't forget that if you use your old cup you get $3 off!  I always get the Hurricane Bellini. Not too strong and not too weak!
5 From my walking around, this was the best value margarita station ($13 half yards with $10 refills) on the main strip and the drinks didnt disappoint.  Lots of different flavors to choose from too.
5 Good people and good drinks at good prices! Loves this spot. Go for the 44 magnum. It'll keep u going all night if thats what you're into!
4 this place never disappoints. much better than the other alcholoic-slurpee shops.
5 Absolutely the best idea for adult beverages. It's a great value considering you can get a tiny drink for $10 at a restaurant but for the same price it's 4x the size  AND DELICIOUS  great place  Highly recommend
5 This was a nice surprise to see after walking around the strip.  We were disappointed when the Fat Tuesday was closed for renovations. This one is super clean and the guy tending the place was really nice offering to sample as many as we wanted prior to purchasing.  Take the $1 shot in the test tube.  It leaves you with a warm fuzzy feeling while looking like a tourist with a souvenir cup.
4 There are a million of these types of places in Vegas but this one seemed the best to me and even the best of this particular type. I had no idea that the different flavors came with different alcohols and in different strengths. It was the amaretto one that finally convinced me I needed one. Thankfully they let you sample before you buy so you can make sure you are choosing the right variety. Some are even made with grain alcohol which I forget all about since it can't be purchased where I am from. While prices are high these are quite delicious and extra shots are pretty reasonable. At this location they come in a test tube thing upside down in your drink which you pull out as you sip for an added boost. You can also get slightly cheaper refills at various places along the strip. Be forewarned though you must drink these all before getting on the bus and carrying them around does get old pretty fast once they are empty.
5 Perfect day time drink! Great price and gets you hammered quick!
5 Yay,  For Fat Tuesday I have to say I tired every flavor they had and then some..lol Plus if your nice and happen to be a girl the bartender will give you a real shot and not just the shots in the tube..  So when your in Vegas stop by this place it's awesome plus if you save your cup you refill will be cheaper..   So cheers I say to a lovely night in Vegas..
5 190 Octane with the x-tra $1 shot!!!!!!!  It doesn't take long to reach your goal at this place, whatever that may be.
4 It's not a trip to Vegas unless you stop at a Fat Tuesday and get a yard dog. Free samples, so it's definitely worth a stop just to try the different flavors. The guy working there (who was very nice) said the most popular was a mixture of 190 octane and cat 5. If you want to get wasted quickly, drink that combination! I opted for the peachtree bellini since I decided to get a yard dog (which I think is 28oz for $13). You can refill your yard dog (or any other size container) at any Fat Tuesday location (it's a couple bucks off the regular price). There's a small TV at this location and a few seats so you can hang out there too.
4 What can I say, cheap refillable alcohol to go.. It's tacky, cheesy, but wonderful..  Great friendly service picking out a drink, fast service and cheap prices.. Just felt like a real tourist carrying out their drinks.  But I'd go again
4 Hey! wait me! Outside is being dangerous so I tell you today why this place is god. This placed had cheap prices for road of ultimate size drink. Drink so bug that it makes neck tired long time. Also, bartender maked drinks in very cool style. They also have having many myriad of sexy flavor, my request to you today is the strawberry banana taste of ultimate for so good it make you want to practice buddhism in madaq tower all day every day of life of ultimate. Pro monster coach advice, be haveiong care when picking strongest shot they have on record, as it messed many of my firend coaches which made me LOL. Anyway, bad thing about this palce at present is that sometimes they long to take to make drink, and they no had no have no guitar shape/staute of liberty cup. Overall i like olverall 4/5baboo
5 I went to this Fat Tuesday so many times during my July Vegas trip that by the last day, the dude working there had stopped checking my I.D.   The drinks are incredibly sweet and will give you a righteous hangover if you aren't used to sugary drinks/don't drink enough water, but they will also get you drunk as hell.   My favorite mix was the Mango with Pina Colada. This flavor combination easily disguised the taste of my $1 shot of 151 (something I never drink in the real world), making it both delectable and dangerous.   This is THE place to get your giant slushie drink while in Vegas. I'm going back in December and this will no doubt be my first stop.  P.S. ALWAYS save your cup to get discounted drinks on return trips.
5 My wife love this place! There are a few locations but this one is in a nice shopping area. When we first went here, we were not sure what to get. Lucky for us everyone that works here is suer nice and lets you try different mixtures. Once you have decided, you choose what size you want, and enjoy! When your done they offer discounted refills at all Fat Tuesday locations. I love the Superman mix and my life likes the peach and hurricane mix. I have to recommend this place!
5 Great recommendations They allow you to try any flavor you'd like Friendly service Cheap refills if you bring your cup back  This place always completes my vegas experience :)
4 This Fat Tuesdays is one of the Fat Tuesday locations with the least wait.  Came here twice in one day and didn't have to wait both times.  Love how I can get my quick refill on.  Great drinks to have a nice day buzz on.  Cheers!
4 Whether you're walking the strip or watching a show in the Luxor/Mandalay Bay - grab a drink here!  A yard stick for $14 is not a bad deal at all. Keep in mind that for an extra shot is ONLY $1.   Plus if you work at the Luxor - they'll give you a discount. So thank you to the female bartender who gave me and my boyfriend this drink for $11 including the extra shot.  Drink responsibly folks.
4 There's fat tuesday's everywhere! I tried a lot of their flavors and most of them are pretty sweet in order to make them delicious and mask the liquor.   I liked to mix my flavors and add a shot for $1-3 dollars! That is where the real value is! Keep your cups for cheaper refills if you plan on coming back multiple times.   32oz per person per hour should do the trick! Get you feeling real good - did you add a shot yet?
4 If you come to Vegas. You gotta go to Fat Tuesday. It's a must!  Yard size and even half people size neck lanyards full of whatever frozen alcohol or daiquiri you like. And $1 Jell-O shots!! Ya can't say no!  This was a little bar located just inside Mandalay bay, just crossing over from Luxor. I had what was called the "Pain in the A**" lol and it was super strong! 151 rum & coconut and can't remember what other flavor! Me and my bestie had to pound it all too quickly!  Let's just say. We stopped by THREE times! ;)
5 I'm slightly embarrassed at how many times I went to this place in 4 hours, which I'm not going to tell, but every time I went there I got something different.  We had a "Pain in the Ass", "MangoBerry", "44 Magnum", two Jell-O shots, two shots of Jack Daniels, two shots of Vodka, and one of those $35 whoppers with something in it.   In the limited amount of time, I feel a connoisseur of all Daiquiri tastings! Who needs wine tastings when you can have a huge giant daiquiri instead?   The only downside was the brain freeze from drinking too fast because we were in a hurry to go to a pool party!
4 Kinda far from the rooms but still better than having to leave the hotel for some.   Peach Bellini is the best. Staff is friendly.   Extra shots for $1   Don't fall for the wannabe fat tuesdays along the way.
