5 Great prices on groceries and some pretty good selection.  Their Archer Farms foods are pretty good and they have some great variety.  Careful.  Some items are more pricey than at others stores but you can find some real deals here.  Their salads are a real bargain and very good in flavor and amount.  We have had some very very good steaks from their fake brand of Sutton and Dodge. They have a nice set up at the front of the store where you can get a sandwich and they will heat it up for you and you can pay right there.  They are always staffed well.  I have been helped in a friendly fashion numerous times.
5 I love this target store because it is literally a one-stop place for everything. It is amazing! You have all of your groceries in one half of the store and the rest of the Target products you know and love in the other! It is great. The store is really well-kept up and it always clean and very professional looking. The staff there is extremely nice especially one particular manager who was very kind to us when I sat our front on black Friday for 9 hours :). There is always somebody walking around to aid people and they are so friendly about it. Not just the standard "isle 4 go find it yourself" type stuff. "Let me show you where those are". It is massive and it is in a much-needed developing area of my home town. There is some great stores going up there and a few fast-food joints! It is in a great location because the only other close target store is a 20-30 minute drive on the west side of Madison. Now Fitchburgians don't need to leave their own city finally! Also I suggest getting a Target credit card... Already low prices? with 5% off EVERY SINGLE PURCHASE!!!! It is exquisite!
4 This target is always kept super clean, the staff is friendly, and I actually prefer to do some of my grocery shopping here. Only thing is at times the shelves aren't as stocked since I tend to like doing my shopping at night. One of my favorite things about targetis the healthier options for groceries. Plus, if you are lucky, you can find coupons on some of the meats and seafood to make a cheap dinner for the night.
4 Still a good place to find deals but a few things have changed. Their meats have increased in price.   All the hamburger has been over  and way over $4 per pound when I have been there.   The steaks are no better than most local grocer's meat.  But their prices are higher and aren't on sale as much as they used to be.  As a result we no longer buy meat here. Their salads have increased in price and are therefore no longer the steal that they used to be but they are still very good and competitively priced. The Archer Farms Pizza is just so so.  It isn't bad but and has ok flavor and some nice spice but the crust is rather doughy and tough.  Opt for something else. We tried the AF desserts and haven't cared for any of them.   Cheescake and Tiramisu not so good.
4 of all the large stores that made the shift to have department stores + groceries, Target is still my favorite.  The selection of products is a bit limited.  I am generally happy with the target in-store brand - "Up & Up".  If they would've paired with Caribou or a local coffee shop, rather than bucks, I would give them 5 stars.
5 Always kept clean and i have never ever gotten less than "great" customer service. The cashiers are friendly (but not awkwardly over friendly). I have had associates work with me for 10+ minutes trying to find something or figure something out (we had barbeque grill issues earlier this summer). I also love that they have a really great brand- thousand hills grass fed meats. This location also keeps their clearance shelves stocked full of discounted products!  I do not like how small their meat/seafood section is (the seafood is practically nonexistent) but then again it is a Target...not a grocery store. Just keeping things in perspective :)  There is a Starbucks and some other fast food chains (can't remember which ones) right inside as well.
1 Let me start off with the fact that I like Target the store. The management is a wholly different matter. My son went into the store and bought a couple of games. One of the games was not working so he contacted the maker of the game and they said if he sent a copy of his receipt they could send out a replacement. My son informed me that he never got a receipt. I told him I would call Target and all would be well. Oh boy was I wrong. The "manager" I talked to told me it was impossible that he didn't get a receipt, I'm glad the customer is always right. Then with a condescending tone, asked when he was in, what was he wearing, what did he look like, and on and on. Then she said she would check their tapes. Well three weeks later and still nothing. I've called their corporate number and am still waiting to hear back from them too. Both promised me a 24 to 48 hour turn around time. I talked to the game company and explained the problem and they sent out a new copy. Target could learn something from them about customer service. Target, the store, I like. The management for Target SUCKS...
4 I really like this Target location.  Of course I get lost in it because it's Target and it is so large but the service is great.  I also like that I can grab some socks and some fruit in one location without having to visit two stores.  I do however wish that there were more people walking around asking if any help is needed because it is certainly easy to get lost in this store.  With that said however when I am able to grab someone's attention for assistance they are beyond helpful! This location is also very clean which makes it that much easier to shop.
5 Love this store!
2 Their coffee products are amazing, hands down. The refreshers on the other hand are disgusting. I had the cool lime refresher and BLAH!   First when I ordered it the guy rolled his eyes at me. Disrespectful and rude. When I got the drink they put 2/3 of ice in it, so in other words I had very little of the actual drink. When I took my first sip it felt like I sucked up dry dehydrated lime pulp. I was right. They put in a dehydrated lime slice and it was breaking off into my drink making it bitter and paper like.   Overall I did not appreciate the attitude from behind the counter as well as the mountain of ice and flakes of dry lime. It was not pleasant.
