3 Although I do enjoy the sanctity of the Apple Stores, this one is pretty good aside from one fact. It can become obnoxiously busy with people and become a sardine tin in a heartbeat. It especially has to do with kids coming in there to hop on Facebook and take pictures of themselves in the store. I know that doesn't really have anything to do with the store but that is where the staff comes in. The staff doesn't seemed to be concerned that I may be standing next to a product waiting for a kid to get off a Macbook Pro for example. They just head over, ask if I need any help, I respond by saying well I am trying to check out this (insert product here)... "Oh alright well let us know if you have any questions" and before I can respond with one they have disappeared. The store is relatively cleanly and organized but in addition to that, because of all these kids in there, 75% of the products are either broken or "non-functional." It is a great location but the staff needs to step it up when coming to customer-associate confrontation.
5 I have found the people at this store to be extremely helpful, nice, and professional. I have had all good experiences when coming here for in-warranty issues with my iPhone 4.
4 I didn't shop for long time actually in this store, it seems like most Apple Stores - plenty of helpful folks who are available but not pushy and rows of gleaming techno-candy to drool about.  What I do love about this store is the blazing fast public wi-fi they offer. I staid a couple of weeks in a nearby hotel, and Apple's wi-fi is so much faster! Thanks Apple!
4 (Edit:August 2012 This place is starting to slip so I knocked it down a peg. Sales people are not as helpful as they once were and twice I've had to interrupt their personal conversations to ask for assistance. They missed out on an iPad sale due to laziness.)   I've only had one experience there and it was fantastic.   I received an iPod Touch for Christmas and a couple days later it started to freak out. Although it was purchased for me at Best Buy and I didn't even have the receipt, the Apple people took great care of me even though I had just stopped in with NO appointment. Took really personalized, efficient care of me and the iPod from start to finish and after they found out that the cable was defective they replaced it for free. Even though it was a busy Saturday for them, they had me out the door in twenty minutes.   This was my first experience with an Apple store or with Apple for that matter and was truly impressed. I wish all companies stood behind their products like this and offered such great service. But then we wouldn't need Yelp anymore would we?  ;-)
5 i came in on thursday with a gift card to spend. paul, the genius who assisted me, was awesome. we chatted and he helped me pick out some great accessories. he also had a look at/cleaned/fixed the input on my ancient iPod, free of charge.   fantastic customer service will keep me coming back for all my apple needs.
1 I went to the Apple Store on 3/24/12 the redeem a gift card. I decided to upgrade my 3gs to a 4s, simple enough. I walked in and made an appointment, waited 15 minutes and then a woman came over to wait on me. This is when it all started to go down hill. She was the most unhelpful and rude person I ever gave money to. When the transaction was done, she turned and walked away. I didn't even know we were done. No bag for my purchase, no thank you, nothing. I asked my wife if I did or say anything wrong and she said no, the girl was just rude. Oh, my phone was defective and I had to go back on 3/27/12. I got a new phone after seeing a "genius". Apples words not mine, and really an oxymoron. My second phone was also defective. I really wanted a new iphone but after my experience with Apple customer service, I will be getting a Samsung phone instead. Apple has great products, usually, but awful customer service. After hours on the phone with an Apple IT person, I have had enough. Just because your product is popular, doesn't mean you can be rude.
4 Having been to various Apple stores, the Madison location gave very good service at the Genius bar (I had made an appointment online). The employee I dealt with was very friendly and dealt with my problem quickly and efficiently. This is rarely the case at Apple stores! So, yay Madison West Towne!
4 Fast, helpful, service from a staff that actually listened to our issue, verified the issue, then resolved the issue. Can't ask for much else (other than an Apple Store in Rockford, IL).
4 Long story short, my iPhone of less than six months started having software problems a few weeks ago. Freezing up, etc. One day, it stopped turning on altogether.   I was able to make an appointment for the next day at 9:20 am. I had to wait a few minutes, but nothing unreasonable. The man who helped me, Jordan, was great.  He listened to the problem, tried a couple different things to fix it, and explained everything he was doing as he went along, as well as what he thought might be wrong with the phone.  Although he wasn't able to fix it, he was able to hook me up with a brand new phone. I received a new phone on the spot, and he even helped me to activate it and back my contacts up before I left the store.   Jordan was very friendly and joked with me the whole time. Very understanding and helpful.  Very fast service. I was in and out with a brand new phone in less than 30 minutes.
5 I just took my Macbook in for a battery and magsafe adapter problem. The service was excellent! My applecare took care of everything since I still had around 4 months left. This is the only issue I've had in 2 and 1/2 years of owning this laptop. I was a bit leery about the genius bar but I now I won't go anywhere else!
4 Is it just me or is every Apple Store in the nation packed with people?  PACKED?!?!?!   Where do all these people come from? I mean if you buy a device, that's sort of the end of your relationship with the Apple Store, right? I mean I realize there are training sessions in store and smarty pants peeps who are uber willing to make sure you know how to use the technology, but it seems like every time I'm at an Apple Store the place feels like it's having a grand opening.   I say all this because I've been to the one here 3 times, each time to purchase accessories, and each time I'm out in ten minutes or less. I don't know how they do it. I don't know how they know I have no intention of buying a laptop. I have no idea how they know that I'm usually in a hurry. I have no idea how I can stand in the center area while they dart around grabbing the things I need off the wall. (I have no idea where to look because everything comes in the same package... seriously... look next time you're there.) I'm grateful they are just as eager to help by under $100 buying self as they are the tweens purchasing tricked out desktop computers to edit their tunes in Garage Band.
2 The Apple store is a funny place.  So many things to look and touch but impossible to get service.  Now, I know this is the only show in town and people love Apple, but darn it, I need service!  Please hire more people.    I wanted to buy an iPad and had to wait nearly 20 minutes to just get acknowledged.  So I left.  I just can not seem to get service here!  I have been to other busy Apple stores and do not feel neglected.  West Town, I love you but this Apple Store must shape up!  So please, Apple, sell me your goods.  I am always looking for accessories and cases and STUFF!  I love to impulse purchase.  And speaking of impulse purchasing, several months ago we considered switching to Apple but after getting about 5 minutes of service, we were abandoned.  If you are wondering, we are still PC people.
5 FANTASTIC service. Absolutely TOP-NOTCH.  My friend had some issues with her iPhone and asked if I could take it in and have the Apple team look at it. Despite the store being absolutely packed (at 1:30pm on a Friday afternoon), I was quickly and professionally taken care of.  An employee diagnosed the phone problem and without even hesitating, offered to replace it completely free of charge, on the spot. No deductible, no cost - just a brand new phone.  Within 10 minutes, the phone was up-and-running, and I left totally happy.  That's how you handle customer service, folks.  A++++
5 Every time I stop into this location, the staff is AMAZING! They make sure you know about the product you are purchasing or looking to potentially purchase before you leave the store. For all my Apple needs (Yes, I was a PC guy up until this early 2013) I will stop in and see the staff at Apple Store West Towne!
2 My experience with Apple Store service tends to be totally hit or miss. I went in yesterday psyched to purchase my first iPhone (I know, I know, what is this, 2011?) and my soaring expectations and puppy dog excitement were dashed when I had to elbow my way to an employee. When I was helped the Apple team member seemed virtually clueless on how to go through with the transaction. She called over two other employees to help punch in the order to bring out a phone. Once I had the phone in hand (hell yeah!) I was quickly and professionally helped by another team member to import my contacts but felt frustrated it took twice as long as necessary to complete the simple order. I'd go back to West Towne, but not before troubleshooting with Apple over the phone.
3 I love my apple products.  I especially love my Ipod.  This trusty companion is always by my side during my training runs supplying me with all the music my ears can handle.  I love it so much that I sweat profusely on it to the point that it finally gives up and dies.  Thankfully, my applecare warranty is there to save the day.  So why other the 3*?  The store's (company's) process for handling repairs/replacements is miserable.   First, you can't just walk in.  You must set up an appointment.  While this makes sense for bigger items that can be troubleshooted or repaired, it doesn't for a Nano that refuses to function.   Next, even though you have an appointment, you will probably still wait 10-15 minutes past your appointment time to be helped.  A good way to pass the time is to count the number of ironic tattoos the employees have. Once helped and it is determined that yep, nothing works, they will look for a replacement in stock.  Since it has to be an exact match (even same color), you maybe, like me, out of luck and have to get it ordered. And this is when it gets fun.  When they have the item back in stock, you have to, again, make an appointment to pick it up.  *Go back to Step 1.
5 Update: I remain impressed.  This past weekend, I managed to send my iPhone 5 straight to Davey Jones' locker after swimming with it for a good 30 minutes or so. Thankfully, I didn't lose it, but try as I might, I wasn't able to resuscitate it - even with compressed air, rice, and heat.  After 5 days of trying to revive the phone, I scheduled an appointment with the Genius Bar (it takes about 2 seconds to set-up via Apple's website) and upon arrival, was immediately greeted and helped. The employee asked a few questions, scanned a few items into her device, and then headed to the back to grab me a new phone.  She had me set-up and running on the new iPhone within 10 minutes, and at a very reasonable cost (that my insurance company reimbursed me for). $229 for a new (not-refurbished) 64GB iPhone 5 is A-OK by me. Especially when it was 100% my fault for taking the thing into the drink with me.  Painless, prompt, & professional. The service here far surpasses anything I've ever experienced with Best Buy or other big box stores. The only downside was having to work my way through the throngs of kids loitering in the food court at West Towne... what a joy that is.
5 I had an appointment today for general questions about my MacBook Pro. I was expecting them to answer a few questions and send me on my way. However, Jonathon was the most patient and helpful consultant. He not only answered my questions, he really took care of me. He organized my external hard drive, created room on my hard drive and much more above and beyond. He was extremely helpful, polite and friendly. He was also able to multitask well. I was very pleased with my visit today. Thank you, Jonathon!
2 This review is exclusively about buying stuff at the Apple Store.  I don't understand why Apple thinks it's a bad idea to just have an actual line--or any kind of prioritization--for people who are purchasing things. They make it so that a customer faces the problem having to corner a rep to talk to just to buy something. This is almost impossible as they run all over the place talking to people. It's annoying. And this is an Apple-wide issue, but today at this particular store, it was even more disorganized.  It took maybe 2-3 redirections from one person to another to find someone who could help.  Thing is, when you finally do corner them, all they do is type in what I want, swipe my card, ask me if I want the AppleCare. Then someone else runs the order out from the back.  If this is the level of purchasing service one can expect at the Apple store, I'm not sure why Apple doesn't just make it so I can buy something from the kiosk itself. I'm looking at a Macbook Pro, there's an iPad right next to it with all of the details. Make it so I can punch in "get one of these NOW", and someone will bring it to me.  Overall, I would recommend not buying at the Apple Store itself if you can help it. Go there to read email, get support, hang out with people... anything but actually make a simple purchase.
5 Took my iPad in because I had a cracked screen (having Apple Care makes a huge difference!!) and had Jonathan as our Genius consultant. He did a fabulous job of helping me out and while I was working on a couple things for him he was assisting others--he was incredibly efficient!!
2 I'll start by saying the store is a complete zoo. Avoid nights and weekends, if possible.   I made an appointment online and checked in when I got there. After waiting 40 minutes past my appointment, I asked if I was close to the top of the list. The lady said I was almost next, so be patient and someone will come over.  It wasn't clear who was going to help me or how many people were waiting, but eventually (about 50 minutes after my appointment time) Darnell came up and checked out my phone. I was having trouble with the battery and needed a few accessories. He ran a utility that showed how robust my battery was showed me the little graph. After reviewing that my battery wasn't great, but also not terrible, he recommended I hold off on the $85 battery replacement and wait for my next upgrade.  Darnell provided some awesome advice, but I felt like I had to beg for any kind of help. Why do they use the appointment system if you end up waiting anyway?
