3 I appreciate the huge selection of items at this monstrous location, but the prices are typically full MSRP, and the staff is hit or miss.  I visit here quite a bit, typically when I'm in a pinch for some parts or cleaning supplies. I usually have a 50/50 chance of finding someone knowledgeable and/or helpful.  When you get the right guy or gal to help you, they're over-the-top great.  However, there have been times (even on slow nights) where I have literally had to stalk an employee for assistance.  They have a nice selection of technical clothing from the likes of The North Face, Kuhl, Under Armor and Columbia, as well as some cool camping gear and weapons accessories.  Ultimately, I'll keep coming back to this store, but of I could find another option that was closer and offered a similar selection, I'd fly the coop.  Gander Mountain = MEH  Selection = 4 stars Value = 2.5 stars Service = 2.25 stars MISC = 3 stars (clean, big, open)
1 My wife and I had been semi-regular customers until recently.  I went in on a weekday morning with my normal, small back-pack (less than 225 cubic inches, too small to hold a standard 8.5x11" notepad) which contains sunglasses, car keys, wallet, epipen, first aid kit and a few other small items.  Upon entering the store I was asked to have the bag checked.  I've been in the store numerous times with the same bag and never had a problem.  I see many women go into the store with purses much larger than my bag and they never get asked to have their bag checked.  My issue is that if you are going to treat your customers like criminals, you need to be consistent about it or post a sign stating that bags may be subject to being checked.  I can understand wanting to check large backpacks and if the security policy was consistently followed and lowering prices, I could accept it.  However the prices in the store are generally 10-20% higher than nearly any other place I've gone.  Until now I've been willing to pay the premium for the convenience and selection.  Also submitted feedback via their corporate website but have yet to hear back.  So much for customer service and treating the customer well.  We will not be going back to Gander Mountain.  There are other local shops that can supply my firearms.
3 I bought a LivingSocial deal for a full hand gun shooting experience. It was pretty cool.  Gander Mountain has super high tech shooting simulations and games. I got to practice via these simulations and then I was allowed to fire the real hand gun. The instructor was really helpful and accommodating.   However, frankly, I don't think I would have went to Gander Mountain without the LivingSocial deal. It's pretty expensive here.
4 Excellent customer service. I went in as a first time buyer of a handgun and they gave me a lot of personal attention and helped me find what was right for me. No hardcore pressure sales tactics I still have to go back for the background check but I do not have any issue with that at all. Responsible and safe gun owners should not oppose Universal background checks. Lets see if,  Congress and the Senate can see it that way as well.
4 I can really only write about the shooting range and gun sales area and being that it is the only indoor range to go shoot at in Madison they kind of have the market cornered. Lucky for us, they are doing a great job at running things now, though they did have some growing pains when they first opened up. I wish the range was a little longer (30ft) just doesn't seem to cut it for any real rifle shooting though for your handgun that is plenty of distance.  I will go back again and again and again.
2 I was in this place last year to get winter boots (once they went on sale) and was pleased. They didn't have a huge selection, but what I got was marked way down and the warmest boots I have ever owned.   A different time I was there with my husband (big-time sportsman, mostly focused on whitetail deer) and got some great flannel-lined jeans on clearance (yes, there is a theme). Super-warm pants, yay!  This last time (earlier this week) I tagged along for no good reason and was disappointed. The clearance rack stuff was crazy expensive, and the regular full-price stuff was ridiculous. They had some decent athletic stuff, and some of the regular women's apparel was okay, but $$$. I am obviously not their demographic (tightwad soccer mom with crazy hair).
