1 Below is the letter written to the cruise line when we came home from our experience...  To whom it may concern,  I would like to start by saying a group of friends and I were very excited about tonights tropical cruise. We went so far as to follow the strongly suggested guidelines to dress accordingly for this themed outing (we had accessories from head to toe that included flowers in our hair, tropical clothing, grass skirts and a myriad of leis as well) because there was an offered prize for our efforts. The night started off well. The friendly captain informed us of the highlights which included the drink specials, food details and 2 competitions taking place throughout the night.  The first alarming moment of the evening was when a member of our party noticed additional drink coupons were being distributed to some party patrons as they boarded the cruise (please note that not one member of our 5 person group received one of these additional coupons).  Worth noting because it was a surprise to us, was the limited choice of liquor that was available with the "buy one, get one" coupon that was issued with our ticket purchase.  I would suggest that it be noted in the brochure or mentioned at the time of ticket purchase that this perk is so limited.  During our introduction we were informed of the abundance of food that would be available to us because of the low attendance of this cruise. Myself, my husband and my friend were the last of the 14 party goers to go through the buffet. At this time, the bacon wrapped pineapple was completely gone and the macadamia crusted grouper had only 2 remaining pieces (for the 3 of us). At no time were these or any other dishes ever refilled despite our report to the captain.   After returning to the bow once we finished our dinner the other couple in our party reported that the "hula competition" had taken place moments ago with only 4 of the fourteen patrons present (those who where currently on the bow of the boat). No one else on the boat was alerted that this opportunity to win another cruise was going to be taking place at this time. This was extremely disappointing because it was a highlight that we were really looking forward to!  Finally as the captain announced we were 10 minutes from shore, my friend and I approached her to inquire about the second competition (that of the best dressed luau attendee).  At this time she quite bluntly informed us, while avoiding eye contact, that that prize had alreday been given to "the best tropical shirt" on board.  Please note that other than the five people in my party there was only one other person who even attempted to wear tropical attire.  This gentleman was quite mildly dressed in theme.  This guest seemed to be a returning customer as the captain knew him by name.  He was one of the people who received an extra drink coupon and it became clear at this time that he obviously had a connection with your cruise line.  Needless to say, myself and the members of my party were endlessly let down throughout what we thought was going to be a wonderful night.  We know very well that word of mouth speaks volumes and unfortunately we have nothing positive to say about this experience. Because of our extreme disappointment, we felt it was important to make you aware of our negative experience. I hope that by informing you of this it will help you to better serve your guests in the future.  Sincerely,
4 Really fun!!  Our Captain Terri was a hoot!  She kept things light, and sprinkled in some fun facts about Madison and Lake Mendota.  Also, she made sure to ask each party as they checked in if they were celebrating anything, which I thought was a great touch.  We did the cocktail cruise, and got "2 for 1's".   We loved it!  My husband tried the wings and said they were good.  I definitely recommend this cruise!  Thanks again Terri for a great experience!!
5 I'm surprised there aren't more reviews.  We did the lunch (on Lake Monona) and enjoyed it.  A 2 hour cruise, with a lunch buffet and cocktail service (soda and water are free, alcohol you pay for).  Food (including dessert) was prepared  at either the Mariner's Inn or Naut-i-gal, so it was good.  Some people said the Lake Mendota cruises are better; I could see that as Mendota is bigger--we finished Monona in an hour or less, and just kind of went back around.  You'll need some cash to tip the cocktail servers.  I think it was priced fairly overall.
