4 Have been in Middleton for about three years, began with cable service with Charter Communications.  I was generally satisfied with Charter's service but was very disappointed with their technology, which was very behind-the-times.  For instance, they are not even currently offering whole home DVR setups, the cable interface was ancient, and you could only record two shows at a time.  Saw a billboard for TDS and gave them a call.  They offer state-of-the-art fiber optic technology.  Their DVR works superbly in a whole home setup and allows you to record 4 shows at once (2 HD, 2 SD).  In addition, I have very basic telephone system and astonishing 100 MBPS high speed internet.  All for $10 less per month than I was paying with Charter, and with no promotional pricing.  The quality of the services are exceptional.  Why not 5 stars?  While the people on the phone are very nice to work with, most of them can only be reached during business hours (for instance, billing and service questions).  Technical support is available after hours, however.  In addition, their website is just horrible and very glitchy.  I've been a customer for several months and the system still gives me error messages when I try to set up automatic bill paying.  Very recommended nonetheless!
1 TDS sent me a brochure 5 times to every member of my household advertising bundle package deals. They offered a 20 dollar each service plan ( 20 for TV 20 for cable 20 for internet) . I called them to set it up they informed me they don't have any deals in my area of town. Excuse me? First of all I live 5 miles form their main headquarters in Middleton not in the boondocks. Secondly why mail something to people who cannot have access to their service. If I could I would give the 0 stars for their bad taste in direct mail strategies.  Oh and when I did call they switch me three times promising they would "find me a deal" until the last person dropped me into a department that was already closed for the night.   Sad sad sad improve your business model now
2 TDS has huge problems with their install and customer service teams. It seems like the most critical thing. Get customers who want to pay you money connected to your service. I purchased a house in Middleton and decided to sign up for TDS rather then Charter or AT&T to support a local big business. They gave me a two week wait time and a install range of 8 hours. I thought that was a little ridiculous but I said ok and signed up. Well install day came and went and no one showed up or called. Having to reach out myself and find out what happened. I was told something went wrong. What you ask? They had no idea but they'd need to push the install an entire week. I informed them that was unacceptable, which they had little reaction to and said well we can escalate and call you back. I let them escalate and got off the phone after they promised to let me know by Noon (it was 8:00AM) what the status was of my escalation. In the mean time I called Charter who was able to install the next morning in a 2 hour time window. I scheduled the install and waited to see if I would get a call back from TDS. Well not to my surprise I did not. I called and said I was canceling the install and they seemed fine with it and told me to have a great day.   Honestly if they had offered me a better monthly deal or done something to compensate me for my time and frustration I'd probably have put up with it but they were 100% fine with my not getting TDS installed...
1 Being a 15 year customer you would think TDS would be willing to work with me on cost controls. As I am in an area that has few options available I am told no options are available. if I quit their service for 90 days I can resign and get services at half the price. Customer care calls take 20-30 minutes to get a "Adviser" and be sent on to another department and another "Adviser" who read the company line that due to my location there is nothing that can be offered. I am paying twice as much for internet service as they offer in areas where there is competition or to new accounts.  Terrible service that my neighbors and I have to endure until alternates are availble.
