5 I have been looking for a great therapist for a long time.  Someone that takes the time to read my body, to see the synergy of the muscles and be able to do the work.  Finally, I found Robert.    He has been an LMT for more than 15 years in the Valley and continues to educated himself often.  His studio is located conveniently just off of the 51 about 10 minutes in a quiet residential neighborhood.  The massage intake questioning was thorough, but not invasive.  His set up is calming and the room & table were warmed by a heater!  The massage lasted 90 minutes or so, I didn't want to go back to the real world.    He does offer Gift Certificates and has Pay Pal set up on his website if you didn't plan ahead with stopping for cash.    I will definitely visit him again when I need the work!
5 I have worked with Robert since 1994 and I have never had any desire  to work with anybody else . Prior to meeting Robert , I have had a great deal of bodywork of all kinds but I am not looking anymore . His talent and creativity is really  wonderful and his rates are probably too low ! I cannot recommend him more highly.
5 I have had massages all over the country for the last 30 years. Some of the therapists I've found have been truly exceptional.  However,  Robert is the best massage therapist I have ever experienced.  He conveys serenity, peace and healing in his way of being and his intuition for what body work is needed is magical.  My body is naturally incredibly tight and he is able to work with me in a way that releases the tension and leaves me feeling lighter, calm and relaxed.  I highly recommend him.
5 Once upon a time, I gave myself a repetative motion injury.  It was the end of the month, I worked for a social service agency with a state contract, and I wanted to finish my billing.  So, I worked overtime on a faulty keyboard.  The next day, I had a huge cyst on my right wrist.  I sought help through our workers' comp clinic, and had occupational therapy for a while.  I saw my PCP, and I got cortisone injections into my wrist.  She was talking surgery, if it didn't resolve with treatment.  Then, eventually, I went to see Robert.  This was 19 months after the cyst first appeared.  I asked him to work deeply on my neck and shoulders, as I was having other work-related issues due to the heavy tote bag I needed to carry with me to home visits.  After the session, I felt great.  But, later that night, as I was reading a book in bed, I noticed that the cyst was GONE.  More than 10 years later, it has not reappeared.  I still have some tenderness in my right wrist, which helpfully reminds me to be mindful of my work habits.  But the cyst has never returned.  Robert is professional and sensitive.  He has an almost uncanny sense of how far he can push or stretch a particular muscle or group of muscles.  He truly works in concert with his client, and seeks feedback throughout the session.  I recommend Robert and Synchronicity Massage Therapy without reservation
5 Robert is an amazingly peaceful zen master massage, cupping cranial, reiki therapist. I sought someone, anyone out who could help me with my chronic fatigue and lethargy last spring. After much research and the glowing reviews on his website, I made an appointment which turned into 5-6 consecutive appointments. I needed enough energy to go on a 5 day trip with 30 10 year olds last spring. I kind of made up my own special therapy with Robert. He is a massage cupping champion! I combined deep cupping massage with Rose or Spearmint Oil, followed by cranial and reiki alignment. My 1st session my back was literally violet black..stagnant blood, definitely a little sore..but in such a good way. After so long, I started feeling SOOOO much better. He gave me the gift of his peaceful energizing spirit. For that I am forever grateful. After 6 sessions, my back barely drew up any color, I felt peaceful and much more clear. He put the zen in me..so much so that I literally enjoyed every minute of my trip with 30 screamin meamies and came home with energy to spare. I just started thinking about Robert and thought, why haven't I yelped him. Robert is truly gifted. It's like he has magic hands that float delicately above your body at times, then you feel something move inside and you know it's going to be better. If you have never had cupping before, or if you have Robert is the Master Fire Ball Wizard!!  Ask for the Treacy Special...you can thank me later!
5 I was referred to Robert and what a great referral it was.  Robert is a genuinely nice person and can carry on an intelligent conversation on most subjects.  He's also pretty quick witted and funny.  I tell you this, mind you, so you realize that if you choose to carry on a conversation during your session, the guy is cool.  Robert is very into yoga and healthy lifestyle to it fits his approach and therapy technique well.  Imagine a mid 40's gray haired Yoda and you have Robert.  Mix that in with a great massage therapist well versed in Eastern healing methods such as cupping and you get a kick ass session.  Thanks Robert!
5 Still Rockstar steller cupping energy Treacy Style massage!!! Simply the best!
5 I love massages but I am a little critical and picky about them. Not all massages I have had in my lifetime have been great. Awhile back when I belonged to one of the membership driven massage outlets, I had a therapist that chomped gum in my ear the entire massage leaving me far more uptight and tense then when I arrived. Of course that experience was an extreme, but suffice it to say that I have had my share of inconsistent and mediocre massages or massages that were uncomfortable or painful. A lot of times my neck felt a little tweaked after a massage.I know, a bit counter-intuitive right?  Fast forward to Robert who I have been seeing for a little while-maybe a year? I am losing track of time :). I see Robert fairly consistently.Robert is an outstanding massage therapist who understands body mechanics and has a boatload of training and experience. If you want a particular kind of massage, chances are Robert has been trained in it. I always leave feeling better and more relaxed than when I arrive.  His prices are more expensive than the retail strip mall chain massage places but so worth it as he is extremely effective and intuitive and will send you home feeling relaxed and rejuvenated.  I highly recommend Robert at Synchronicity Massage.
5 I have had regular massage for 40 years+.  I have gone both to chains and private therapists, preferring the latter.  Once you find someone who is knowledgeable, intuitive, and highly skilled, you stop looking. I found Rober Byrnes and recommend him without reservation. He takes the time to listen to your individual needs, and adjusts his work accordingly.  I have never felt he was rushing through a session, or forgetting to take into account information given to him, regarding preferences. His work space is clean, orderly, comfortable and quiet. He will provide hot towels and water if you would enjoy that. A professional in all aspects; if you desire not to talk he will be silent. Should you want to engage in conversation, he is knowledgeable in many areas.
5 Without a doubt, the best massage I've ever had - and I've had a lot. I have chronic neck pain, but it hasn't hurt at all since my first massage with Robert yesterday. I am so grateful to have found this therapist.
