1 I've visited Fontaine many times to look at fabric, but I won't be going back. My sister and I went to the store today, to look at upholstery samples, and the owner was very rude and patronizing. He told us we couldn't look at fabric because Fontaine was having its holiday open house. (There were very few people in the store, and no one in the fabric section.) After my sister mentioned that she'd driven across town, the owner relented and then flounced off. Um, hello? This is Madison, dude, not whatever city you wish you lived in. My sister and I are both re-upholstering a lot of furniture, and plan to spend several thousand dollars on fabric, easy. We'll be taking or business elsewhere, like to Zander's, on Monroe Street. They're, you know, nice.
5 We've worked with both Barry, the owner, and Carrie, one of his designers on two different homes. They are both incredible talented -- and a lot of fun to work with.  Barry has an amazing eye for color. He consulted on colors for every surface inside and outside of our house (including the roof and flooring) and had a beautiful palette selected that we loved within just 3 hours. He's also done reupholstering for us and has chosen rich, gorgeous fabrics that are very unique. We recently finished our basement and consulted with Barry and Carrie on colors and layout. Their recommendations were very helpful, and we are thrilled with our newly finished space. And, finally, Fontaine (the store) is an absolute feast for the eyes...I highly recommend a visit, but would call ahead if you'd like time with the designers because they book up quickly.
5 I live a few blocks from Fontaine and love visiting their beautiful store for design inspiration! The store is full of high end statement pieces. The real reason for this review though, is that Barry did the florals for my wedding. He was very accommodating to our embarrassingly paltry budget and treated our wedding as a design challenge and not a charity case. He never made me feel like I wasn't 'fancy' enough for his store. The flowers came out beautifully and we actually ended up with more bouquets than we asked for! I also forgot to mention that Pat needed a boutenier, but Barry remembered and saved the day. If you want to see our flowers and other wedding pictures, they are here: http://runningblonde.com/tag/wedding-photos/ Thanks Barry!
