3 I had heard a few complaints about this place, people having alot of problems setting served and "teenage" staff sitting around doing nothing.  I'm happy to report that both of these statements are bullshit. This is a lovely place, not overly fancy but it does the trick. The choice of spirits is ok, but it more than make up with the Beer selection.  The only reason I'm marking it down is because the people who frequent this place are very, very obnoxious. That seems like a general statement but I went back 2 days later and found the same result, people being very loud and in everyone else's business.   Try it on a Monday though, I hear it's alot better.
3 Decent bar that I've drunk in a few times but only just eaten in for the first time this weekend. Food prices and service were good and my fish & chips and my companion's burger both went down a treat. Left straight after the meal this time but it's the sort of place you could quite happily make your only stop on a night out as the atmosphere is very relaxed and friendly. Pints of Stella currently at £3.75.
3 Henrick's is a nice spot to come for a drink and relax.  The staff are usually nice and sometimes great craic, seating is comfortable and plentiful, prices are standard, and they have a small smoking area out back.    Based on the styling of the flyers, I am assuming it's owned by a chain but it doesn't have a chain feel.  My only issue is that it is branded her as a "gastropub" - I've always taken a gastropub to be a bar which serves excellent grub.  This place serves grub but oooeeee is it far from excellent.  I had dry yet soggy fish and chips, and my man had something akin to a fast food burger.  Their nachos are also mentally stange with Italian seasoning on the chicken.   So, 4 stars for the bar, but 1 star for food.  Seriously, don't eat here.
4 After the recruited Henricks loyal came onto Yelp to ask people to ignore negative comments because the business is now under new ownership, I decided to come and give the food another shot.  I was here on Friday after work with The Man.  We came to have a couple of beers but I was eager to try at least part of this new menu (which is proudly displayed on the attractive and readily available menus, not to mention the large signs in the toilets...).  So, I ordered my standby - nachos.  Not fancy, no, but you know I'm picky about nachos and while the main courses looked delish and were very attractively presented, we just wanted a snack.  I have to say, I was impressed.  I'm pretty sure they made their own salsa, which earns mega tasty fresh bonus points, and possibly even the guacamole.  There were actually more toppings than tortilla chips and the serving, for £5.50 was very generous.    We chowed down with great appreciation for the new owners.  In addition to the great food, I could have been imagining this, but I felt like the staff were much friendlier and more attentive.  The waitresses were lovely and good for a laugh, and the staff as a whole seemed to work like a cohesive unit, which is always a very pleasant surprise.    This is one of those great times where Yelp works so well.  After two disastrous experiences I probably never would have tried the food at Henricks again, remaining ignorant to the new management.  So, thanks to the people who updated here, Henricks is back on the after work menu.
4 What's this? A roomy yet cosy bar and pub, with a cute hidden beer-garden up the back. An inventive and delicious sounding gastropub menu. Quite a few different wines by the glass. And a two page cocktail menu. And comfy sofa seats. Oh, why hello Henrick's.  Friday 5pm rolled around and the lovely Miss Emily V had chosen Henrick's for our post-work vino and grub spot. It's recently come under new management and all the previous reviews and comments of dissatisfied service have definitely been attended to.  The staff were absolutely lovely, really friendly and genuine without getting in our way too much (asking if we'd like another drink but not pushing it). It's really quite roomy inside with a variety of seating areas. We managed to score the comfy seat up the back by the window, which looks out onto a cute wee beer-garden. Might be worthwhile visiting in the half hour of summer we get this year.  The menu was really quite interesting for a gastropub. A duck and walnut salad on the starters menu. Cheek of sea bass, red snapper, pork loin with sweet potato, and the more traditional burgers, fish and chips and chilli. It took me quite a while to decide but I opted for the pork loin, whilst Miss V went for the Cajun Chicken Burger (which was actually a whole breast, grilled) served on a wholemeal roll.  The food was really quite nice. My pork loin was a little tough and dry, but I know pork is a tricky meat to cook. The salad it came with had a delicious pesto dressing, mango, apple and apple sauce. And sweet potato cubes. Yey! Cube-shaped chips are always so much better than normal chips. And bonus points for the sweet potato. Emily's burger was finished, and nomed, and was good. Quite a decent portion too. So overall, I was impressed by the food despite a dry pork loin.  Now, the good stuff. I shall always remember Henrick's as the place I tried my first Manhattan. Both Emily and the waitress winced and said "ooo they're strong" - and they were right - but it was delicious. We tried between us several cocktails. The margarita was made with table rather than rock salt, but other than that they were all absolutely delicious and better than 'gastropub that also serves cocktails' cocktails. Not 'cocktail bar' standard but much better than the standard fare.  Henrick's really is a Jack of all trades, serving up breakfast and brunch, lunch, interesting dinners, cocktails, lots of wines by the glass, and lots of beers. It's a great all-rounder for any of the above, and the perfect place to come on a Friday evening after work for sure. It's got a really nice laid back vibe, and just quite ahhhh lovely.  I'm definitely hitting up for brunch, and soon. Nom.
4 Ok so I'm still a Henricks fan but I do have to say that they need to sort out their table service system.... mostly because the guy who helped us most of the night wasn't around when we wanted to get the bill so we nabbed it from someone else.  That's not a problem in itself, but having paid one member of staff, our original waiter *literally* came running after us accusing us of not paying as we walked out the door.    I'm sure this kind of situation is a bit of a one-off but it seems to highlight a need for a clearer system of keeping track of tables, so innocent and unsuspecting customers don't find themselves in the middle of a scene in the restaurant!
5 Friendly, welcoming staff. Reasonably priced and very comfortable! The beer "garden" is a very nice little, sheltered decked area...perfect for us smokers :-)
2 Went for lunch, had 2 starters, a main and side between 2 of us as well as a couple of drinks. Initial service (from the owner, we think) was good and friendly but once the boss left the waitress just faced the wall the whole time and was difficult to communicate with...  The food sounded great on paper and ened up tasting very Brakes Bros. The stroganoff was not a stroganoff, bread slightly stale with soup, garlic mayo def from a tub, fries ok but not too hot, salsa like a tinned tomato with some green herb added - like crunchy water, very odd!!!   We had to move since promised free wifi was not available at our table. That was when we noticed how poorly maintained things were - walls with peeling paint, terribly old fashioned and damaged chairs, chips in the walls, old-fashioned decor peeling off...   It was dark and nearly dingy and the service remained lacking pizazz with atmosphere suffering. We won't rush back unfortunately.
