4 I'm adjusting my review.  After the adventure (described in the original review), Zimbrick contacted me to make things right.  Their offer was very generous and they sent a driver  all the way from Madison, pick my car and drive it back to Milwaukee.  It's a great expense for them. They seem to really want the smart owners after all.  They're just not quite ready it seems and there's things to improve, but they made proof of good will definitely.   So, I'll see how it goes, give them some time and hopefully for them and smart owners, things will be better in a near future!  :o). One thing I would suggest, is before your appointment, just call them to confirm and make sure they really have the part.... it could save everyone money and time because it seems like a weakness and I read about this "part" issue in other reviews ;o).    ____original review_____ * I love my smart, but I just had the most unprofessional experience with Zimbrick's smart center.  First I contacted them via email for a quote and I got a fast answer from T. with pricing.  So, I contacted the service center via their email (given by T. ) on August 23 to get an appointment and gave my availabilities etc... (I like keeping a written trace of communication) .   After Three days without answer I wrote back (on the 26th) putting T. (the one who answered fast) in copy.  I finally got an answer saying that the part had to be ordered and they could see the the 13 september or after.  *sighs*  I wrote back saying I could come on the 13 in afternoon and to confirm time with me.... I never got an answer on this unclear appointment... so I didn't insist thinking I would contact them when the time comes.   When I contacted them on the 12 because I didn't know if I actually had a specific time for my appointment and I was working later that day, I finally received a call from a nice Lady, I think her name is M., telling me that she was sorry about the lack of communication she finally can give me a "real" appointment on the 28 September!    OKAY.... SO I requested off from work that day.  I live in Milwaukee, they are in Madison... it's 70 miles away!  Today I arrive in time, actually 15 minutes early... I found my way through the Mercedes.  There's no sign for "smart" you have to guess by the smarts on the lot.  Also they have nothing smart related... no posters, no logos nothing besides some cars on their lot.  Way to go for a "smart center".  So I sign the paper for the work to be done give my keys and head to the waiting room.  The gentleman who actually welcomed me, is D.,  the one who doesn't know how to reply to emails.  He tells me it will take about an hour and I wait.  After 45 minutes he's back.  I think the car is ready sooner.  actually NO.... he tells me "huhhhh we don't have the part.... it must have been sent back because it was more than 30 days...". WHAT?!!!!!!  I was on the road a total of about 2:45 hours... half a tank of gas and a day off from work for that and they were not even able to wash my car properly!  Right now, I would like to give them " -4 " . I've never been rude or impatient and I was more in shock than anything...  He offered to keep my car overnight get the part back (now it could get it in one day?) and deliver  my car back in Milwaukee.  For some reason, I didn't trust them anymore with anything so I took my car and my money back with me and I'll find another solution.    That is really sad news for smart of Wisconsin.
5 I said I'd give them another chance, and I did. SO I went for my scheduled service today.  The overall communication is really good, price are fair and they added a smart showroom.  Here it is they got their 5th star back!  You can trust Dain to take care of your smart service.
1 Arrogant arrogant arrogant!  So what if you sell porsche and Mercedes.  Looking at a used car is no reason to make someone feel that they are wasting your time.  I got the "Here is our price, buy it or not....I have things to do" attitude.  I will NEVER return to that lot again...EVER.  Spend your money elsewhere.
5 I've visited a few times and have worked with both the parts department and the service department.  + Parts staff were fast and efficient - Parts staff weren't very personable  - Mercedes-Benz parts are freakishly expensive  + Making service appointment was painless; worked with my schedule + Brett (service advisor) was excellent - very professional, courteous, and great communicator + My car needed a new suspension control component; they expedited it and let me use the loaner for a few days, no questions asked + Car was cleaned (inside and out) upon pick-up + Love the MB warranty; $0 to me... would've otherwise cost quite a bit  + Lovely waiting area with complimentary beverages and snacks + Cashier was friendly and helpful  As much as I hate having other people work on my car (I'm an ex-ASE certified technician with 10+ years of automotive repair/fabrication experience), I trust these guys. Great experience.
