5 Tuning Gruppe is a great performance and maintenance shop. No job is too big or too small. I had a promblem with my timing belt and it was fixed asap for a competetive price. Eric was friendly and didnt try to up sell me or add stuff on that wasnt needed but did inform me of stuff to watch out for in the future. they specialize in european cars (vw, audi, bmw, benz, porsche, etc) but i even saw a few american and japanese cars getting work done while i was there. dont let the small shop fool you, these guys do amazing work!
5 I have been going to Tuning Grüppe for about 2 and a half years now.  Eric and the guys there are very friendly, knowledgeable, and also honest with the work that needs to be done.  They won't try to sell you a service/part if your car doesn't need it.  Not only have they worked on my VW Jetta, but my wife's Infiniti G20, my sister's Ford Fusion, and my mother-in-law's Olds. Alero.  I have also sent my friends there.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone that needs a good shop for their car(s).
5 Great  professional guys who know what they are doing! They really take the time to help you learn what they want to do and why they want to do it. Best Euro performance shop in Arizona for sure. Tuning gruppe son!
5 If you want to know what's going on with your car and why take it to Tuning Gruppe. Eric explained and showed me everything that was going on. I've dealt with dealers and independent shops over the past few years and this place easily exceeds them. Whether you are looking for performance or just normal maintenance go to Tuning Gruppe.
5 I always took my GTI to Tuning Gruppe and never ever got the run around from them. They were always incredibly helpful and explained every issue to me, in addition to showing me the problems. I always recommend them to everyone I know. Very trustworthy. Check em out!
5 Eric, owner of Tuning Gruppe is a VW/Audi enthusiast and truly cares about his customers and making sure they are happy.  Eric flashed my car with the GIAC DSG flash and the car has been running great!
5 Took my MINI here for a GIAC tune and injector install. Great people working here, I have absolutely no complaints. The correspondence I had prior to bringing my car in was very professional and informative. I was able to have everything ready that I needed prior to bringing my car in. Although I have only been here once, and for canned tuning, I would definitely recommend to others looking into getting a GIAC tune locally versus sending your ECU in the mail.
