2 They're okay with training, but not very accommodating.  My two dogs were enrolled in an agility class and on the 2nd week I went into pre-term labor.  Dog's Best Friend was unwilling to allow us to attend any future classes - we didn't want a refund - we just wanted an opportunity to fulfill our training.  I was very disappointed.
5 Great classes.  The instructors are very knowledgeable and great with dogs (and people).  We did Puppy I, Puppy II, and Intermediate classes (all at the Happy Dogz Middleton location) and we'll do more in the future.  The classes were really helpful and they were fun too.
5 I'm surprised @ KV's review as I've always found them very accommodating.  I just finished family dog training for the third time (three different dogs).  This is as much a "people training" class that follows Patricia McConnell's book Family Friendly Dog Training.  I believe Mrs. McConnell started the company and later sold it an employee, but her expertise is still there- she is a PhD in zoology and adjunct prof at UW-Madison.  The trainers were always available after class for individual questions and in our class of 8 (or was it 10?) there were two trainers so you got a lot of one-on-one attention.  They are highly-qualified teachers and as expected dog owners and lovers.  I like that they offer the sessions in a location convenient for you - we took the class at the same facility that the dog attends day care so it was a familiar setting. The best part about the puppy class is that before class they get to play and work off some energy.  Note that in the 5 mo+ class they don't -- it was explained that as the dogs age they get pickier about play (who, how, etc).  With my first dog I took multiple classes (puppy, puppy II and agility) but dogs #2 and #3 came after children so I haven't been back beyond the basic class -- although I am very interested in their scent work class.  If I could teach the dog to find the remote I think it would greatly improve my marriage!
5 I've had a fabulous experience with Dog's Best Friend. I am nearing the end of my first set of puppy classes, and Spanky has been very well trained. After six weeks, I can honestly say I don't know what I would have without done without the knowledge and experience I have gained. Aimee has been nothing but the best, always willing to work things out and collaborate with you. My mom trained dogs for 15 years, and joined me for a session. She was nothing short of fully impressed with the staff. I would recommend Dog's Best Friend to anyone looking for top quality dog services!
