5 This store is AWESOME! I had a terrible experience at another specialty running store, so when I walked in here I was pretty frustrated and apprehensive, but I couldn't be happier with the level of service I received.  They took the time to ask me all kinds of questions about my running style, watched me walk, then had me try several different shoes on the treadmill with the video monitor to show how my feet move.  I found a fantastic pair of shoes at a really good price.  I will definitely be going back here for all of my running shoes, and will highly recommend them to everyone.
4 I love running. When Groupon Madison offered a deal for Berkeley Running Company, I was pretty curious.  I visit Madison about 3 times a year and figured I'd use it at some point. Alas, the Groupon was burning a hole in my pocket during this trip.   The running store is located just off the bridge in an upscale little shopping strip across the street from Whole Foods. Go figure. There's plenty of parking spaces and the store is a bit on the small side, but chock full of really nice running gear. The staff is really helpful and friendly...come on! These people run and it shows. Of course they're happy! Anyway, I ended up buying a cute pair of Smart wool socks and a Tiger Tail. Mmm...Tiger Tail on sore muscles= Bliss.   Worth checking out if you're in Madison, but be aware that it's a short car or nice bike ride from Downtown Madison.
5 I'm brand new to running and was very intimidated by going into a running shop. The owner immediately made me feel welcome and comfortable. The gentleman that fitted me for shoes was patient and very informative. I just completed my first run in the shoes that I bought and am very pleased!
4 Very helpful and knowledgeable staff. They don't push brands or gimmicks.
5 This is my first store to get fitted properly for a pair of running shoes. My first visit was a year ago, where I was promptly greeted by the owner, David, immediately upon walking in. As he led me to the back of the store where the running shoes are he asked about my running routines and style etc, making me very relaxed the entire time.   David measured my feet, analyzed my walking style and started bringing out pairs of shoes for me to try. He even went to the sales rack to see if there were any that fits my running style to help save some money on them. David and his team are really patient with me. They never insist on a particular pair just because they think it is good. They go out of their way to pair you up with shoes which you find comfortable. It was training with that pair of shoes which saw me complete my first 10 k run.   Recently I went back again to look for another pair of running shoes. Unfortunately I picked a wrong time as a series I was hoping to try on were out of stock because a new model will be launched the next month. But David and his team are as nice as always, never pushing me to buy a different product, and even thanked me for stopping by.   David and his team knows a lot about running and are always enthusiastic to share their experience and tips with you. They are also concerned about their customers: there was someone with a blister on her foot. David saw it as he was measuring her feet. He asked her how she got it and offered tips to avoid it in the future. Berkeley has running clubs for people of all standards and various discounts for students etc. Just check with their friendly team of professionals who clearly love what they do.
