4 I have been going to this Chipotle for about two year now. Love Chipotle!! Most of the time to get the food to go. The quality and quantity of the food has not changed at all. Everything is fresh and delicious every time. I get my usual, burrito with chicken, black bean, rice, cheese, and a little sour cream. Add a bag a chips (whatever fall out of the burrito is scooped up by the chips. YUM! We just went tonight.
2 I first tried a Chipotle a few years ago.  I wasn't a fan at all.  So... I figured we should give it another try and this time around it wasn't bad.  It's pretty decent fast food... nothing really special about the place but people seem to love it.    My one very large complaint about the place. If you are not a fan of cilantro... then your choices become very limited on what you can add to your burritos or plates.    Cilantro and lime rice Pico de Gallo(which is to be expected) Corn and cilantro...  That leaves you with sour cream... cheese...and lettuce to add as your toppings.   I'm not a fan of cilantro... so the menu really shrank.  All in all.... not bad... better than Taco Bell for sure...   Hatch
5 Need a giant, delicious, perfect burrito that will provide caloric intake for the whole day? Go to Chipotle, 'nough said.
5 If you do not like Chipotle, you have some issues. Cheap, fresh and ethical! lol   It is amazing, what else can I say. They can have an off day here and there, but that only shows that it is made fresh and not from a package. Even on a bad day, it is still good. I love you Chipotle!!! om nom nom nom
5 love, love, love this place. I crave their food! I've a vegetarian and love the fact that I can get wholesome food made to order. And I love the fact that they serve "thoughtful" food.
5 Been coming to here about once a month for the past five years, great food for a reasonable price.my only complaint is that every once in a blue moon a new employee ruins my burrito by not rolling it properly.
5 If you haven't tried this place you had to try it at least once. They have the best ingredients for all their food and some healthy options as well. I love to get the chicken bowl because their burritos are too big and messy. I'd never had a problem with this place and they always give great customer service.
4 Par with the other Chipotle's I've been to.  Yay.
1 WORST CHIPOTLE EVER!!  The cashier is so rude, they're was no forks and she said they are getting them from the back when I was stating at them through the door After 10 minutes of waiting I asked again do you guys have some forks she said I'm sorry we're getting them from the back... Another five minutes passed I asked can I just go in there and get them I'm staring at them. She finally decided to go get them when there was nobody being helped at the cashier... Then we decide to sit outside and there was this awful noise coming from one of their speakers, I figured we could ignore it but it was getting so loud and static so my sister got up and went in there The girls stared at her and said can I help you in a rude attitude and of course my sister replied yes you can there's a really loud noise outside can you guys turn it down please.. And her response was anything else???  Are u f****ckn kidding me my food went cold waiting for the forks... Oh and we had to wait about 10 mins to get steak... This place needs help or perhaps better management!!
1 This chipotle sucks! The staff here is extremely rude! Perhaps because this location is ran by careless teenagers who obviously don't want to be there. They gave me attitude when i told them they forgot to put rice in my burrito and asked them nicely if they can put some in it. They were also looking at the lady in front of me like she was stupid when she would ask about the menu. The steak was gross. It was tough and I felt like I was chewing on rubber bands. I will not be returning here ever again. Horrible experience all around. The management needs to look into their evening employees' work ethic and lack of customer service.
1 IF YOU LOVE CHIPOTLE LIKE I DO, DONT EAT AT THIS LOCATION. By far the worst chipotle location that I've ever visited. I ordered 3 Barbacoa tacos and the guy put a TINY bit of meat, when I asked for more he said "oh you want double meat?" No! I don't want double meat, I want enough meat to call it a damn taco. I asked for corn salsa, sour cream and cheese and I got sour cream and guacamole. Now,  I'm not complaining about the guac but I guess the cheese and corn salsa weren't important. The "double meat" sucked too. It didn't taste like other chipotle locations. The best part was the man scratching his crotch in the kitchen and then coming to "supervise" the good line.
5 I love this location, in n out every time and they don't rip or destroy my burrito. I am always taken care of here!
1 Been here multiple times. Had bad service, small portions and messed up orders multiple times. They forgot to put salsa in my last pickup order. Seriously? How do you forget that? Last time I go here. Lesson learned. This Chipotle sucks.
2 This is by far my least favorite Chipotle. You will wait in line for 15-20 minutes, and portions are skimpy...even veggies. The food quality isn't bad it's just super slow. No in and out here. The 16th Street and Camelback location gets just as slammed but the service is much better and faster. I dread going to this location and only go when I can't stop at Colonnade or 7th & McDowell location.
2 So they're pretty friendly at this location.. They just rush you I'm sorry I don't have the menu memorized and sometimes I like to try new mixes. I asked the girl closing my bowl if the bowls got smaller she laughed and said not really. Then everyone in the prep line said no ma'am our bowls are the same size (like they're coached to say this ) I could barely see the rice and they drizzled on the sour cream. It was at That moment I wouldn't dare ask to add my avocado in fear they'd charge me a dollar for a corner spoon. Ps the rice was hard
