5 i've been searching for the Reebok Easytone shoes for about 2 weeks now. everyone and their mother is completely out of stock. i even got desperate and attempted department stores like Dillard's and Macy's. no love. and before you start, no, i dont think my butt is going to look as amazing as that chick's in the commercial. no, i dont think this crap will work in a week and i can wear bad ass mini skirts. no, i dont feel that now i can eat ho ho's but as long as i walk my ass wont be fat! i get it. its a small thing i can do to supplement my current regimen. suck it, fantasy. i'm a realist.  so i spend about 1.5 hours roaming through Chandler mall with no success. as a last ditch effort, i vaguely remembered a Dick's in the Fiesta Mall. i walked in fully expected sheer disappointment but to my surprise they actually had 3 sizes left! and one of them was just my size!  staff was super friendly and very helpful with explaining the shoe. i was in and out of the place within 30 minutes, fully satisfied with my purchase and ready to get my booty burn on. thanks, dick's! i still feel really weird that dick's used to be chick's though. just sayin.
3 Please don't give me such mean looks and laugh at me when I ask if you have Broncos decals. I'm a girl, how was I supposed to know that you only sell local stuff? It's not like I was asking for Raiders gear, come on! :{  Besides that the selection was giant. I'm sure if I needed actual sporting goods it would have been great. It will just always stick to me how horribly rude the salesman was when I asked about Broncos stuff. I felt it was a legit question.
5 The staff is knowledgeable, courteous, and they sell just about everything. It's exactly what I want in a large sporting good store.
4 Big, clean, carries lots of variety. Some is overpriced, the rest is about average.
5 Wonderful staff....  I had to return something and needed it replaced quick because I was going to the Grand Canyon on a big weekend hike.  The store didn't have to help me.  My return was out of the 90 Return policies.  The Store Manager Marc Scott went above being helpful.  He exchanged my return and sent me on my way to hike  the Grand Canyon .  I'm very thankful.  This is how you do business people!~~~  Marc Scott you "Get it".  Thank you!
1 The worst costumer service I've ever had in my life. I was interested in buying a treadmill,so I tried running on it,and got yelled at. Also I got yelled at for punching a "punching" bag. When I wanted to try some shorts on and,I could NOT find one worker! Not one of the workers smiled at me. And when I finally found two workers,they were putting golf! I WILL NOT EVER COME BACK AGAIN!!!
5 yes, they have everything for outdoorsy stuff. i find they have a more consistent selection than sports authority.
5 Bought some Nike Elastico Indoor Soccer shoes, the best thing is that I got free shipping.
5 Had some grips for my Pings and they didn't have the right size but the clerk called the pga store for me and reserved the jumbo grips for me!
1 Lee in archery is useless. Do NOT BUY your arrows from him. Do not allow him to touch anything regarding your arrows, let alone cut them & glue the inserts. I asked him to cut the arrows to 28" (they were all cut to different sizes), the inserts were all improperly glued (the first time out they all stayed in the target), and when I got home the arrows were all glued together in the box. So basically I paid $40 for a set of 6 useless arrows. I also bought a bow at the same time & he tried to tell me it wouldn't work & I needed to spend more money to get a bigger bow. When I showed him the cams could be moved to 28" he threw the bow on the counter & said, "is that it"? Honestly I could excuse the ignorance & partial laziness (it was like pulling teeth to get him to find the users manual to the bow), but he's also just an all around condescending dick as well. If I continue to shop at Dick's for archery supplies, and that's a big IF, I will drive out of my way to go to a different location.
