4 This place is an odd mixture.  Firstly, the actual bar itself is very much a traditional, wooden 'old man pub' - until you look up and notice the skulls, the gothic candles and hear the music.  Yes, we are in a ROCK PUB!  The best way I can think of to describe this place is if the rock club Opium in Cowgate is your main course, then The Black Rose is the chilled glass of champagne and a canape. It is great to saitisfy you for a little bit, but soon enough you are gagging for the larger portion. You cant just fill up on canapes, they dont have enough substance.   The same goes here - yes, the pub is great, the rock music is good (and somethimes live), the drinks are cheap and the general atmosphere is fun - but you will want to move on at some point. It has no real staying power for the whole night (but thats a different analogy).
4 The Black Rose Tavern looks sleek and edgy from the outside, with an interesting mix of sophistication and old tavern. There is in fact nothing old about this place - it's a cool but kicked back rock bar!  Serving up good snacky food during the day and having a kick ass jukebox playing out rock classics, The Tavern is certainly one of the cooler bars in Edinburgh that I've been to. It attracts a mixed crowd, which further displays it has a universal charm.  It's used by many as a precursor for going out but in its own right, the Black Rose Tavern host some great nights. There is an open mic every Tuesday for aspiring musicians, and for those of us who wish that we were Gene Simmons, there is a rock karaoke every week! They used to do rock karaoke in Glasgow and I only wish I could be through here more often for the event - there is nothing more fun than wailing along to Total Eclipse of the Heart when you're tipsy!   This bar manages to successfully be a Jack of all Trades. By day, it serves up great food and is a nice place to hang out with your mates over a few beers. By night, it has a buzz about it, and is one of the nicer places to drink in Edinburgh. It's got more character than a lot of the vapid cocktail bars I've been to in Edinburgh over the years, so I am definitely a fan of this cool alternative.
4 It's a rock pub, so expect a lot of alternative people who look and act exactly the same, and swathes of unwashed middle-aged men whose life revolves around Kerrang TV and World of Warcraft. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, and as I get older I find myself often a bit more comfortable in bars like this than I do in trendy ones that stink of hair gel and Smirnoff Ice.  The music is quite good but often a bit too loud, though that's almost a prerequisite for a rock bar anyway. Overall, it's a good addition to the Rose Street bar scene, where many of the other venues can feel a bit samey.
3 Located on Rose Street The Black Rose Tavern is essentially a traditional style pub that plays rock music. It's not exactly mind blowing but if you're looking for a couple of drinks during the day or in the evening it's a-okay. It has a mix of people of all ages so you'll never feel out of dress no matter how you're dress, well maybe you'd look a little odd if you were wearing a ball gown, but apart from that.  They also have pretty good lunch deals including soup and a sarnie for under £5. Can't say fairer than that!
3 It looks sort of mysterious, almost gothic from the outside. To be perfectly honest this put me off a little bit, I'm a bit scared of this particular trend! But I was wrong. It's quite nice inside, really quite quirky and surprisingly modern. Although there is definitely still a gothic theme.  It looks lovely to sit outside in the summer, which people always are. I think if you did, work on your best 'grunge' look.
4 The Black Rose Tavern has a pretty gothic look about it from the outside, and you can see why when you go in. As the previous reviewers have noted, this pub is pretty rock orientated with lots of gothic/emo style people drinking here.   Situated in Rose Street, The Black Rose Tavern is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   Unlike other pubs in Rose Street which appear to be fairly bland and lacking in character, this Tavern is the exact opposite. It is so different than other pub which I have been in before, that I felt compelled to visit it. They serve a good selection of beers, ales, wines and the usual range of spirits are available, and the drinks are really competitively priced, with spirit and mixers costing about £2. The Black Rose Tavern offer a really decent menu too with a a good choice. I had lunch here one day when I was horribly hungover, and their food did the trick for my sore head! I had onion rings and curly fries, as well as sausage and mash - it was really yummy and incredibly well priced with most main meals costing in the region of £5-6.  It is a really quirky pub, and they have live music nights which my friend absolutely adores and tries to go to them all. If you want to go to a pub which is different and has a huge amount of character, then The Black Rose Tavern is the place to go.
4 Yeah, this place has true Edinburgh grit. Stopped off for a quickie on way to hotel and stayed for dinner and the friendly company. If you are wandering down Rose Street, give this place a shot.
4 I do like these rock pubs, so I am always going to be a bit biased. But for the centre of town it does offer a good alternative to the the touristy traditional pubs that litter rose street. It has good music (rock and punk etc), cool staff and good beers so is always going to be a winner. A bit pricier than other places due to the fact that it's in the centre of town but still worth it.  If you're out in town and happen to be clad head to toe in black then pop in, as you won't be out of place
2 Ok but small pub, no live band on a sat night?
4 cool low-key goth vibe.. knew we found the right place after poking head in to see most everyone inside wearing some shade of black, as were we... good music and bar food - great location in a cool part of town - the kind of place "the locals" go to... fair prices
4 Our hen party had only been in one pub on Rose Street so far and when we went to go into another we kept getting knock back after knock back. I would love to say that it was because we all looked underage but alas it was our lovely pink feather boas that gave us away.    There was also a stag do on as well, with a poor unfortunate stag dressed in a green morph suit covered in scribblings. Yes we signed him as we passed him by, it'd be rude not to. Their group was also knocked back and in fact none of us were rowdy. Well we'd only been to one pub. It seems quite a few on Rose Street don't allow hen or stag dos.   Someone said "it's ok this one's allowing us in". Little did I know it was The Black Rose. I had never been here before and my little ears pricked up and alas I felt at home. Never refused from the house of rock!!!!  It's a smallish pub and it was fairly busy but some of us managed to get a seat. The clientele was weirdly older men, not as in rockers/bikers  though. There was a few younger guys, so you've probably guessed by now there was more men than women and with our lovely pink feather boas we certainly stood out.   I'm a rock chick so this was right up my street and couldn't care less if I had pink boa round my neck or not. The other hens weren't so into the music unfortunately. I felt my time was cut short from here and I would have liked to have stayed a little while longer but they wanted to move onto the next pub. Next time I'm in Edinburgh I'm so back here.
4 This is my kinda place!! I went here with a friend for a drink or two before heading to the cinema. I had heard good things from my flatmate and have always been intrigued when going past.....so this was our drinking establishment of choice.  It is the one place I go and cannot help but stare, boys with amazing tattoos everywhere..... hello! The whole seating arrangement was not to my tastes, rickety tables and not very comfy seats, but does not put me off coming back. Drinks were a little on the steep side £4 for a beer...... hmmmm. They seem to have a good menu and it is really pretty cheap! Although whilst we were having our drink there was an overwhelming smell of chips...... I think it was a ploy as I was totally tempted to get some! The music was great, I would go back for that, I ain't too keen on pubs that play naff music, it just wrecks it. All in all, a good pub that is a little different.
4 The Black Rose Tavern is just my speed.   As much fun as I had visiting Bannerman's every day of my trip, I wanted to get off of the High Street/Cowgate area and head over to Newtown.   The Black Rose is a decent somewhat divey pub with a pretty good menu (for pub food) and a good juke box of rock and heavy metal. It leans a little more to the corporate/major label metal for my taste - I tend to prefer DIY punk and hardcore. But either way, the music and the general diviness felt comfortable to me.   The food was good and the beer was... well, the same as getting Tennents at any other pub I guess. The bartender was very friendly and made some good suggestions when it turned out they'd run out of fish and chips.   If I were in Edinburgh for longer I probably would have returned to the Black Rose. It seems like they have a good amount of entertainment during the week, everything from pub quiz to live music. Given the jukebox and the fliers on the walls, I'm fairly sure I would have enjoyed it.
3 Let me begin by saying I like rock/metal music so I am naturally inclined to appreciate one of the few rock bars in Edinburgh. That being said this is probably the one I like the least, mostly due to location rather than anything the bar does strictly wrong.  The Black Rose is a binary bar, either you will have a great evening or feel a little disappointed and this is rather dependent on the presence of the stag/hen groups which wander like zombies along Rose Street (looking for booze not brains) personally these sort of groups are why I tend to avoid Rose Street and the Grassmarket, I simply don't like the atmosphere they generate.  So while I will return to the Black Rose I prefer Bannermans or the Black Bull Tavern, but the Rose is a decent to good bar on the right night and so it is middle of the road  A-Ok from me.
2 New town - Rose Street - we needed to meet up for  a drink before dinner - it was decided by others to wait for the dinner guests at the Black Rose. I heard good things about it so yeah why not.   We entered and first thing I noticed was the Halloween theme. It looked like someone did a half hearted job on decorating for Halloween and couldn't actually be bothered to take it down.Skulls, spider webs and an Ouija board. The jukebox is full of alternative Hard Rock & Metal, How did I know this? - How could I not?! It was loud, damn loud. Which is off-putting and normally I would have left already, but I was already on my extra cold Guinness and we were to wait for people to meet here. Thus I was to endure the loud grunting noises of Attila, Lordi and the antics of the village idiot that kept bumping into people. After several pints I decided that I needed to go for a trip to the bog.   M a j o r  m i s t a k e .  I have been to many a gentleman's toilets in many shady establishments, spend a penny in the Hogmanay 2006 portaloo and also spend my time in student houses. I've lived in the French country and been to Finnish Uthuussi. All of which I prefer over this toilet. I seriously think they filmed part of the Trainspotting film in this loo. The main toilet was clogged up. I shall not go into details (I can't as I am still dealing with PTSD)   The staff was nice, but seemingly not interested in people well being or health, as many patrons went in and out of that toilet. * shudder *  Luckily we left after an hour to go to our restaurant.
5 I'd like to give 6 stars if it would be possible. Funny people, good prices and awesome music.
4 Being a college student from Seattle , you have to love and appreciate your Dive Bars. That what this place is. It's your perfect little grunge/ rock n roll bar. I love the selection of music you can pick from the juke box. I absolutely love it. No common pop music but good ol rock n roll that makes Seattle so famous. Has a decent friendly staff, I had a burger and it reminded me of those greasy burgers you get in Seattle Dive Bars when it's two in the morning , your wasted and hungry, and when you finally eat no matter what it is its the best thing ever! So some may not like this place but I love it for the music , decent drinks, and the good memories it brought back.
4 Named after a Thin Lizzy song (some would argue THE Thin Lizzy song) is this lovely little place in the middle of Rose Street. A haven amongst the the hen nights, stag crawls and rickshaw taxis.  If you like your rock music, this is the place on Rose Street for you. The juke box is second only to The Black Bull on Leith Walk - and being an "old school" juke box and not a new fangled internetty type one, it earns some bonus points. The lack of One Direction earns a MEEEEEEELION bonus points.  They sell food, which I've never eaten, but every time I see a plate, I think I must try some next time.  A good solid range of draft beers, a wide range of bottles, and friendly staff make this a must visit place for me when I'm on a wander.
4 Extremely busy the Saturday night I walked in. Not your run of the mill pub - was blaring the 80s rock music via juke box. Pretty easy to get served especially seeing as the place was packed. I recommend the Fiery Scotsman for anyone who is looking for a hearty meal with some spice and isn't afraid of haggis. Thought the food and drink were spot on.
3 Like other reviews have said a preference for rock music might help you enjoy this atmosphere a little more. I am not a huge fan of rock so I found my inability to hear the people I was with a little annoying. I should have known though, The Black Rose Tavern. This doesnt seem to be a pub you would mingle at. I probably wont go back.
3 Can't say too much about the food unfortunately as we didn't eat, but the gin and tonic I had was very nice :) We sat at an outdoors table watching the street pass by, which was very enjoyable and relaxed--a far cry from the relative darkness and heaviness of the pub indoors. Perhaps later in the evening, when the dark and rock music is more fitting, I would enjoy this place much more.
