5 I  went to about 7 tattoo places in Phoenix before I found Inkenstein for my first tattoo. I brought my ideas to Chris and he put them all together to give me exactly what I was looking for. This place is extremely CLEAN and professional. Great environment for a tattoo.  They let you take your time. I sent him an email and set up a consultation and that was it. Fast and easy. Extremely good, clean, sharp work with my detailed tattoo. I will recommend this place to everyone.
5 I cannot think of a better place to get a tattoo. the shop is extremely clean and sterile. The prices are great and so is the work. All three artists are extremely friendly and helpful. I now have two tattoos by Chris Bailey that cover my mid to lower back that i couldn't be happier about. I came in with a very basic idea about skulls and lotus blossoms and he turned it into a masterpiece. I will never go anywhere else for my tattoos.
5 This place is the best if you want a great tattoo. The shop is not overrated very clean and sterile. The owner Chris is an awesome tattoo artist who does well with shades, color, shading the works!!! the people are friendly and won't hustle you to get a tattoo if you are just looking around. I found my tattoo shop.
5 Chris Bailey is AMAZING! with over 15 years of experience this artist is amazing! There is so much depth and quality to his work! The shop had a creatively designed interior and is very clean! I have never felt so great after a consultation knowing that Chris was listening to my ideas and bounced back some even better ones!!  I would recommend this shop to anyone that wants an amazing tattoo and also wants to support a local business! 5 stars!
5 I received my first tattoo this past week on my foot. I searched several places and fell in love with Inkenstein Tattoo. Jason Ballard is amazing! He made me feel very comfortable, caused as little pain as possible and did beautiful work. To top it off the shop was remarkable. Very clean, friendly and fun. I definitely recommend to anyone who wants to get beautiful work done for a resonable price. Inkenstein is my new home for tattoos!
5 Wow where to begin? This place is amazing from the shop to the service. Me and two other people went in, two of us being our first tattoos. We had alot of people with us and they did not seem bothered by it which was nice of them. Place was extremely clean and they were all very nice. He did exactly what I asked for, even explained why I shouldn't get it on one part of my body cause it would tend to fade more, which was nice of him to suggest. I am definitely going there for my next tattoo! Both the chris and jason are awesome :)
2 I went to Inkenstein a couple months back with friends who were getting tattooed by Jason. The shop itself is impressive and unique and I would give it 4 or 5 stars by itself. My friends are all pretty chatty (borderline noisy) and we were all excited for their first tattoos.. We didn't feel particulalry welcome.. Jason, was pretty short with us and cold towards the two of us guys in particular. It's a small place, so try not to bring too many people with you. I wouldn;t go to Jason for any tattoo, hoenstly, and it seems like he charges too much for the quality of work. But I plan on contacting Chris Bailey in the future. His work is really impressive and I still like the shop itself.
5 I have been looking for a new shop since i came to Phoenix about 2 years ago. I was on my way to a different tattoo shop and decided to stop at Inkenstein just to check it out on the way. I showed up at the right time as Jason was finishing with a customer so i had no wait time. I threw out my ideas, he gave his, tweaked them a little bit and i ended up with a perfect tattoo. Exactly what i pictured. My wife will be coming here soon for her next tattoo and i will be back for sure.
5 My brother & I went to Jason to have matching flowers on our backs to memorialize our mother's passing. He did such an amazing job and the colors stayed so bright. I came back the following year and asked him to add a hummingbird and some foliage to complement the flowers. His artist mind came up with a beautiful design with bold colors that is better than what I thought I wanted. Jason is a consummate artist and his studio reflects the pride he takes in his work. The studio is one of the cleanest facilities I've seen and very comfortable.
5 Best Shop in AZ Jason is great. My Tattoo looks Amazing.
5 When my son came to me stating that he wanted his first tattoo, I knew exactly where to take him. With Jesse, you'll always get an original piece, never a paint by numbers tattoo. He listened to what my son wanted, added some details to make it a truly original idea (as well as design) and created a piece that my son will wear with pride for years to come. His main concern was that it would be something my son genuinely loved, not just liked. He understood the importance of a tattoo, not just looked at it like money through the door which shows he is an artist and loves what he does. He provides better quality, an original design and a great experience for a low price. Can't wait to come back to AZ and Inkenstein Tattoo Company!!
5 Found this shop via yelp after the appt my sister and I had with another artist fell through. Called at 8:30p Monday night and talked with Jesse; explained exactly what we were looking for and he said he could do it Tuesday, no problem. Got in Tuesday evening, brought requested samples/ideas and met Jesse. He was excited for our idea and went straight to work on coming up with sketches and stencils. He got everything done and brought us back-even setting an extra chair so we could sit together while the other one was worked on. Jesse took his time, kept us totally entertained the entire time and did everything we were looking for. He didn't try to talk me out of my idea (a white tattoo) nor try to tell me that I would have to have an outline added. He listened and understood I did my research before coming into the shop. And he went with it when I made one small change after finishing the first part of the tattoo. My sister and I already have tattoos but these were in places we didn't have experience with. He didn't try to bullsh*t us and say it wouldn't hurt, he even was sharing his own tattoo stories and how much they hurt and where. It was overall a GREAT experience and I will come back any time (all the way from TX) when I'm ready for another.  Side note-the shop itself is pretty cool. Obviously it has the Frankenstein theme, but it's small and intimate. It's definitely the place to come for an experience, not a quick/drunk tattoo. The walls are not covered in cheap flash art-instead, tons of original posters and art work. It's very clean and sanitary (and so was Jesse). I would definitely recommend to anyone.  Thank you guys so much!!!!
5 Jason is the best !! He exceeded my expectations , was cool & really helpful ! I will be coming back here soon for sure
5 I came to inkenstein as a walk in while checking out many shops. When my wife and I walked in Jason was busy on a tat but still made us feel welcome. Both artists at this shop are very friendly and easy to talk to. I set up my appointment for one week out and I got my first tattoo and I love it. Jason has serious skill and makes you feel comfortable. Highly recommended. My wife is going in tonight for hers.
5 Loved the whole experience at Inkenstein working with Jesse! Great talent at this place! Highly recommended for your inking needs!
