1 I don't mind their water it tastes good.  My warning would be going in to a  contract with them!!  Seriously, once a Sparklett-OPremium customer always a Sparkletts customer!!!  I dislike the fact that I even have to give them one star.  I am currently three months in to trying to cancel, it's amazing how such a big company can lose paperwork or not have phone calls notated.  Fax me this fax me that, oh well you have to pay an energy surcharge because we said so.  Somehow they actually have a BBB A rating, that's ridiculous.   It all started when I received an extra $8 charge-not a bill, a charge to my card.  I called and they informed me that my driver was "doing me a favor" by delivering an extra bottle and that I would have to pay for that bottle.  Seriously? Like SERIOUSLY??  Didn't do me any favor, last time I checked charging me for something that I didn't ask for or want is not doing anyone a favor except the wallet of Sparkletts.  I did my duty and I faxed my cancellation and they did give me the money back for the bottle.  However they NEVER cancelled my account.  They had no record that I even called.  They showed that I received that bottle credit but "had no idea why"!!  So I canceled again.  Then they wanted me to return the cooler that I own or pay them $200!!  I owned the cooler after three years under contract with OPremium (also snakes of business).  So I played the faxing game and my account was canceled as we speak, while I was on the phone, right that very second........or so she said.  So, three months later I go online and see that I have been charged AGAIN.  This time I spoke with Ashley--boy Ashley was a peach :-)  My account was showing as active, not cancelled at all!  Unfortunately the rep that was handling it doesn't work their anymore.  Apparently it isn't in their business plan to follow through.  Imagine that I was SHOCKED--not really.  So after being a condescending as Ashley could possibly be, she assured me that  she would handle the situation and that I should try to have as good of a day as I could possible have....awww Ashley, thanks.  So I am not playing the fax me this and that game, Ashley is having fun right now and she is pulling my contract from the depths of their filing system...hope she has the best possible day she can have ;-P
1 These people cannot get the billing right!  no matter how many times you contact them!!!
4 I was an original O Premium water company client. I loved the taste of their water and they were very reasonable. Then they were bought out by the Evil Sparkletts water. I was not very happy at first about it. However, after a few months of having my lovely water delivery guy John i have to say i am very happy. I had a bit of an issue about 7months ago. However, the manager and John both came out to the home really went above and beyond to make things better. Even though this was neither of their fault what had happened.                John will put all my heavy full bottles behind the fence,even in the shed if i would like,(no room for that though) .He does not have to do it but he always does and i thank him!   Also comes with a great cooler that hot and cold that matches my Kitchen.
3 Like a lot of people are saying, OPremium was fabulous water! Unfortunately, when they merged the only thing they took from them was their sealed water bottles (where you pull off the seal and can refill it mess-free). The water is... Water (OPremium just had this spectacular taste) but it's still good compared to arrowhead and other brands. I've had a few incidents with them since then. A lot had to do with billing. Once I wasn't charged for 4 months and then received a letter that if I didn't pay I would be sent to collections (news to me since I had assumed the payments were being taken out of my account and I was still receiving water). Basically my billing information vanished (not my mistake) and I just had to call and update my information.... and pay a $200 bill I wasn't prepared to pay. Then I decided to go from 6 to 3 bottles. I called and thought I had switched everything, but was billed for 6 bottles the following month. When I called in, it showed that I was signed up for 4 bottles but was still billed for 6. The good news is that the woman was VERY nice and more than happy to correct my account and refund me the difference. Despite all the issues I've had, they are always more than happy to handle things as best as they can. I was going to rate them a 2, but the woman was so nice that she earned her company one more star because of her kindness:)
1 OMG they did it again. I was told I would be receiving THREE water bottles on Sept. 6 and just came home to find 4 water bottles at my door. Today is Aug. 22. These people just can't get it together. I have like 8 empty water bottles that I would really like to get rid of, but they can't even get their schedule right. Also, I still have yet to be refunded for the amount they charged my account and it's a week later. Canceling their service all together. Don't even bother with them.  8/28: I called them regarding the bottles they dropped off and they sent someone to pick them up the next day. BUT GUESS WHAT? They still charged me for those 4 bottles they picked up. I wouldn't have even seen the charge if I wasn't monitoring by account after the first 50 goof ups. How much common sense do you need to realize to cancel the charge too if the bottles are picked up? Then the doofus had enough guts to ask me if I wanted to purchase tea for my next delivery, yeah right! If you are crazy enough to have their service, be prepared to hold their hands through the process because it's clear that ALL of them don't know what they are doing.
1 I was contracted with O'Premium which I loved the price, service and ability to quickly get in touch with someone for issues.  When Sparkletts took over I had problems almost every week and eneded up having about 23 bottles of water at the house.  I fulfilled my contracted time and when I tried rectify my over abundance of water they still billed me for the use of the cooler which was supposed to be mine after the original contract.  Then they charged me a termination fee...wtf is that?  The price of the same amount of water was about $20 more than when I first started with O'Premium.  Dont use them is my suggestion
1 PLEASE BE AWARE BEFORE ORDING FROM THIS COMPANY!!  This company is going to nickel and dime you with so called "administration fees" to cancel your account. I had water delivered by them for the last 3 years. I was will out of my 1 year service contract.  I fell on hard time and can't afford having water delivered to my residence. When I called to have my account cancelled the very abrasive representative told me there would be a $35 "administration fee" to terminal my account even though I had fulfilled my contractual obligation with them. WHAT?!?!?!  The nerve of this company charging fees after all the fees that they already charge the consumer?!? I DO NOT RECOMMED DOING BUSNIESS WITH THEM... Unless you want to pay their wonderful "administration fees".  I was even considering reactivating my account once my financial situation improved... Not anymore!!  Thanks to our vast social media, I am putting them on how you say, "BLAST". The best part is the company I work for is cancelling their contract with them regardless of their "fees" all because of my negative feed back.  Now, off to Facebook and Twitter to alert my entire friends network NOT to do business with this company.  Thanks Sparkletts, not only did you lose a customer for life but you're about to lose many more.
4 I too was an O Premium water  client. So i was a bit bummed when they sold out to Sparkletts.  However, they have proven themselves many times over.   I am very happy with their water delivery and their service. They even started giving us a case of bottled  water along with our water service. The only draw back as to why i did not give them 5 stars is they are very hard to reach on the phone and it takes a long time to get anything done with the billing. But, other than that all good.!
1 Sparkletts is a F***king joke!!!
2 We have been customers with these guys since early 2010. We never really had trouble with them until recently. They either don't drop off enough water or any water at all! This past week we left our water out like they asked us to and we didn't get out refilled. We didn't think too much of and thought they would come the next day...nope still no water the next day. We called the company and asked them where our water was and they assured us they would leave it the next day(which was today and they had until 5:00 p.m to do it according to woman we spoke to) so 5:00 rolled around and what do you know..no water whatsoever. So now we are done with this company. We are going to give them everything we have from them and hopefully they wont give us any trouble like they have with other people that have posted.
1 Be very careful with this company. They claimed I never returned the cooler, which was picked up by the delivery driver when I cancelled service. They never return calls, at least locally. If you call you always get CS in Georgia. The locals here in Phoenix could not be bothered. The service is lousy and the customer service does not exist.
1 READ THIS IF YOU ARE A COLLEGE STUDENT - AVOID AT ALL COSTS I am a college student. I was moving in to my new apartment and a man nonchalantly offered me water and promised more free if I signed up for sparkletts. Being a college student I was suckered in at the promise of free stuff and someone being nice, not knowing the pain and countless hours on the phone with the "people" in the customer service department. This place can't do one thing right - they could fu** up a cup of coffee -  from delivering too many water juggs, charging fees for ENERGY( I already pay a power bill, why do I have to pay sparkletts????!!!!!!!) but foolishly I kept the service, having hope in the human race. Unfortunately my hope has been destroyed, and my wallet has suffered, due to the incompetence of this company and its services. Every day I get water out of this stupid cooler, I kick myself for not buying a Britta. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!
1 Sparkletts Water is the worst water company ever!!!!!!!!!  Every month I have to call an complain because I was charged wrong, they didn't deliver the right amount of water, or they didn't show up when they were supposed to.  This is ridiculous.  When I call customer support, I feel like I'm talking to a machine.  Don't waste your time.  Go anywhere else for water.... save yourself the hassle!  Today I called, because we were supposed to receive 3 bottles, we received 1 bottle, and when I asked for a credit, they said they weren't going to credit my account for the one's I didn't receive.  How is that possible?  I have been paying for water I haven't been getting all along...   In today's economy, you'd think that companies would try to treat their customers better!    Please save yourself the hassle and choose another provider.
1 Ordered new service on 3/24 and they charged my credit card. Scheduled initial delivery for 3/27 and received confirmation email. I WAITED ALL DAY AND THEY NEVER SHOWED UP! Grrr! Called and they said "Oh, sorry about that. Want me to send someone out tomorrow?" No.
2 We've been customers of Sparkletts for some time now... around two years or so.  We've never really had an issue, until very recently when we went to put our new five gallon container on the dispenser and whoa - we saw not just water in the sealed container, but something else floating in the water too... some kind of nasty looking thing.  Whatever it is, I guarantee it's not supposed to be in the water.    We're going to let our delivery person know about this asap, but if someone from Sparkletts reads this, I'd appreciate any advice you have... I'm hoping this isn't something you deal with often!  Cheers to hydrating with clean water in this crazy heat!
1 Sparkletts is one of the most incompetent companies I've ever worked with!!!  I work at a school and had my water delivered for years.  I've always had an issue with them delivering not enough or too much water.  When I would call to have them hold water because the school was closed they would deliver it anyway.  I was always told the driver didn't get the message.  When I finally closed my account (because they couldn't follow directions I'd rather just bring in my own water) it took them 4 months to pick up the cooler and still charged me for rental every month.  I called to have the money credited to my account, which they said they would do, it was supposed to take 2-4 days two weeks later I still didn't have the money in my account. When I called them on it they gave me the run around about how the person didn't  send the message to the right people.  They promised to have it done in 2 days, we'll see!  DO NOT GET WATER FROM THIS INCOMPETENT COMPANY!
1 I had a contract with O Premium, who apparently was bought out by Sparkletts some years ago.  I have had nothing but problems with this company.  They give you a delivery schedule and you put out all your empties on the stated date.  Only to come home to your empties bottles rolling around the neighborhood because they didn't bother to show up yet AGAIN.    We got so annoyed by this repeated problem and began to wonder if it was us getting confused.  We asked them to change the deliveries to our business address so we could actually watch and track their deliveries and accountability.  It soon became very clear that it was not our imagination and that they in fact missed deliveries on a regular basis.  They don't have any problem in their billing department, those folks get the bills out every month, on time, and they sure expect you to pay promptly, but God help you if you need a drink of water.  They missed my last delivery (although the driver marked off on his little sheet that he came here), and they were supposed to make a special makeup delivery here first thing this morning.  Guess what?  They no showed AGAIN!  I just called to verify I was in fact on the schedule for today, only to be told there was no record of my call or the special delivery.  DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY THEY ARE INCOMPETENT.
1 Absolute and complete incompetence.  I've had to spend over two hours and numerous phone calls to figure out why I am being charged erroneous amounts on my credit card from DS Water, aka Sparkletts Water.  Upon updating my credit card in late June with their accounting department, they not only were charging my current account each month, but also my past closed credit card account.  They were tacking on insufficient funds fees and stating I owed them money when I was current the entire time.  Finally, after getting to a manager, she apologizes that they made a mistake and it will be fixed.  By this point, I was furious and simply asked that they cancel my account and pick up the cooler.....note, I have been a customer for over 7 years!!!  They blamed it on a system merging problem when they purchased O Premium Water but that doesn't make any timing sense.  While she did her best to save the account, I had just had it.  I had to explain the story three times and the first two times I was told I owed more money, but when I finally got to a supervisor, the story changed, apologies were made and reassurance that my account was current and that all the fees that were charged in error would be reversed.  Still, I can't continue to patronize a company that blames the consumer first and then researches the problem to find it was their fault.  So, that was last week, they picked up the cooler the next day, took all the empty and unused bottles, and that should have been the end of the story.  RIGHT?!?!  Wrong.  Today, again, another charge on my account, are you kidding me?!!?  Another 25 minutes on hold to be told yet again, it will be immediately resolved.  I RECOMMEND THAT YOU STAY AWAY FROM THESE FOLKS OR IF YOU DO EMBARK ON THEIR SERVICES, DO NOT SET UP AUTO PAYMENT WITH THEM.  I don't want to cancel my credit card because one business entity can't get it right, but if it happens again, that's what I will have to do.  Booooo!
1 Still no refund as promised..... 120+ minutes of my time on phone calls 7 phone calls total 2 managers promising a refund is in process 0 refunds and now being directed to the corporate office accounting director to obtain my $33.99 back that was billed after the account was closed.  Wait for it, because I will bet that $33.99 that at the end of this month, I will be charged yet again!!!  Stay away from Sparkletts and DS Waters, they know nothing about customer service or billing challenges.
1 I wish I would have found these reviews before I set up my account.  It seemed like  no matter how I set up my delivery request, the number of bottles I received didn't match my request.  After several months I happened to catch the driver who instructed me not to use either the website or the phone service to change my order, just leave him a note.  Why they provide the phone or website option is beyond me.    More recently I've had trouble with my payments.  I had been paying my account online and all of a sudden it wasn't going through, but it looks like it's going through electronically and there's no email communication that says there is a problem.   I received a notice saying my account was on hold, so naturally I called and was told that the payments hadn't been going through because they were being applied to an old card.  I told the agent that I was really tired of the hassle and wanted to close my account.  She verified my card information, removed the old card from my account, and said they'd keep the account on hold until I was done with the last two bottles.  Imagine my surprise when I get another bill a month later with a late fee.    I called and was told that I must not have asked the agent to actually charge my account.  She confirmed the correct card number and deleted the old card but didn't bother to process my payment at that time.  Of course I was notified that this was my error.  Unfortunately, the tape recordings of phone calls are only held for 2 weeks, so the customer is assumed to be wrong.    I think this is a great scheme to increase their revenue.   At least I learned from my mistake and got a confirmation from Brittany today.    I have a new service starting later this week.  I hope my experience with DS Waters is not a reflection of the industry!!
1 Stay away from this company. Not sure how they stay in business with such terrible customer service. I was an O premium customer so i was forced into Sparkletts.  I have been with them for a year. They have been charging my original cost of $37.99 a month then they sneek in a seperate charge for "energy charge"? Every month. The amount of water they leave is never the same they missed in May but still charged me. Call them and its a run around.        Save yourself the frustration buy your bottled water at costco or get a water filter thats what im doing now.
1 Here is what will happen when you sign up for water service with Sparkletts.... You will consistently get the incorrect water that you signed up for. You will pay for one thing, like spring water which has a premium cost associated with it, and get "filtered" water which is a much cheeper product. This will happen about every other week because they are "out" of the product that you payed for. And.... you will still be charged the premium even though that is not what you paid for. My advice... don't do it... try Arrowhead as an alternative.
1 They deserve ZERO stars. My cooler has not worked in over 2 months. They refuse to replace "we are out of coolers" according to the driver and route supervisor. I asked if they were out for new customers. Route supervisor admitted they had coers for new customers. 800 number provides no service. Supervisors do not followup or return calls. Horrible company!!!!!
1 We tried it out for a few months and noticed all kinds of hidden fees.  I stopped paying, they stopped delivering.  Then they stuck us with a $209 bill they sent to their collections dept. Their collections dept. couldn't answer how I'd accrued such a debt to them, but assured me if I didn't pay it, they'd pass it on to other debt collecting agencies, which will ding my credit.  I called their customer support. The woman who answered was rude and tried her best to be sarcastic in her inability to understand that I am finished with them and would like to give them back their machine.  I would not recommend this company to anyone. Buy yourself a filter for your kitchen sink. Less hassle, no plastic in your water.
1 OMG!  This was a year long headache!!!!!  Had water and cooler delivered in August and never saw another delivery.  I called in January to have the empty bottles removed and cancel my services.  The next week I received a bill.  The next week I called to have the bottles removed immediately.  The district manager called and promised they would be removed the next week. Nothing.  Finally, I called in April-yes, April and someone came and retrieved the bottles and the cooler.  The next week a refund check was sent to my school----not me, the person who was receiving the bills and paying for this crap.  Almost a whole year and I am still trying to resolve this issue.  This company needs to pull out and go away.  They are irresponsible, disorganized and not worth anyone's time.
1 I am one of many vendors that delivers products to  St. Joseph's hospital and recently a new driver has been delivering water. Every time I see this vehicle it is taking up two bays while numerous other vendors as well as my self are waiting to use a bay. The sparkletts driver constantly places his products along the edge of the two bays preventing anyone else from using them. On top of the previously mentioned issues, the vehicle and product are in this position for hours. This happens every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday every week. I will upload pictures to demonstrate exactly what I'm referring to.  Please have consideration for others time as well as your customer.
3 My experience with Sparkletts wasn't a very positive one.   Pros: Never missed a delivery, Their purified Water tested good  Cons: Lots of shady stuff that I didn't notice until later - Getting water you haven't asked for and get charged for it - I was promised a rack upon sign up and never got it due to (we are out of it). - After about 3 years the cooler has gone bad and it wouldn't cool anymore. They claimed they were out of it and I never got a new one even after multiple calls. - I eventually closed the account so I got my bottle refund but I got it in check form even though they have my CC info. I can't help but think that some customers will be too lazy to cash a $20 check. - Some of their customer reps are not very friendly
1 So far, so bad. Just set up my account with Sparklett's and wishing I hadn't. Was  to have my first delivery on 7/11. I called supposedly the truck broke down. They didn't call to let me know, nothing. Rescheduled to 7/14, nothing. Called them again and the truck is still broken and my delivery is now reschedule to the 18th. Didn't ask if that was ok with me. So we'll see if I ever get the water I'm paying for.
