4 I did some last minute shopping for a bachelorette party this afternoon at this brand spanking (literally) new location of Fascinations.  The girls working were friendly when I walked in, but I must look old today because I didn't get carded at the door.  (I noticed they carded some younger looking girls while I was shopping).  Note to employees: you should card a middle aged woman some time if you want to make her feel good about herself; she may even spend more money in your store that way!  I browsed around a bit - specifically I was looking for larger quantities of tiaras, candy, etc... but unfortunately they don't really sell these things in bulk.  Mindy (I believe the store manager) was extremely knowledgeable about the products in stock and helped me find enough to do the job.  (Why does everything I write in this review just sound dirty?  I swear - I don't mean it that way!)  Of course, this store carries everything you imagine they carry... if you're looking for something extra special for the upcoming Valentines holiday, you may want to check it out.  And as an extra bonus, you'll get a card with purchase that is good for "a free toy with your next purchase" when you bring it back between 2/22 and 3/22.  Happy shopping!
5 My wife and I were visiting from out of town and saw this shop while driving by.   We stopped in and were immediately greeted by very friendly staff. We browsed around for awhile. They had a great assortment of toys, videos, clothing, shoes, etc.   Their prices were reasonable and the staff were helpful and friendly, but not pushy or trying to "up sell" you on stuff. In fact, she talked us out of one more expensive item explaining that many people had complained it did not work well, and showed us a similar, cheaper, item that worked better.   I wish we had one of these stores back home.
4 I hadn't been to this location before as I usually go to the Elliot location but was happy to see that there was much of the same items in the store even though it was smaller. I needed some fun Bridal shower gifts and thankfully they had Valentine's pre-packaged items right in front so it made my selection easy. There are a couple different options and they are the cutest boxes. Super classy looking and it looks like a night of fun from what I read on the outside. ;) I also saw that they had some new bustier's in the clothing section. I never see these anymore so had to get one! Special surprise for the fiance :) I will also definitely be back in a couple weeks for bachelorette party stuff!
4 Need to get your love on... I guess this is your place! Pretty much everything you need is under this roof. The staff is friendly .. THEY will card you .. be warned.. AND I have been of age for a bit now! They are honest and friendly and don't make you feel like a freak for asking what needs to be asked.. or maybe what you can't ask! Get me??! Ending up here, I'll admit was a bit of a joke on a girls out wine night between me and my bestie.. and I'll admit we both left there a bit more 'educated'...
4 I got a coupon for a free panty.  As soon as I walked in, the sales guy was really helpful and showed me where to look.  I overheard him talking to these women who came in after me.  He definitely was knowledgable about the products and very comfortable talking about it.  I thought that was pretty cool.  My only criticism would be that I was at the counter waiting to check-out and he was still helping those ladies and when he finally made it up to the counter, he checked that lady out first.  I'm in customer service and I would have politely told her that I need to take care of this young lady first.  This is especially so, since he continued to talk to her about the product she was buying and he decided to tell her about a brand that was even better, so he went to grab that one.  I mean c'mon.    One tip: if you're buying panties, go 1 or 2 sizes bigger than what you normally buy, because they run small.  As far as the panties go, they seemed to be pretty inexpensive.
5 I was surprised at how clean and organized this store was. I had a coupon for a free panty(need more of those). The girls were really helpful and knowledgeable. Very impressed.,
5 This place has such cute stuff!!! I bought some new panties and I even found a really pretty dress thats sexy but not too sexy ya know what I mean ha. Their stuff is high quality and I 100% recommend going there if your in need of some sexy merchandise ;) The people there are super friendly and helpful. They ID at the door though but thats understandable. Fun place :)
4 The staff was very well informed and educated on their products and made making a sometimes uncomfortable purchase very easy and enjoyable.
4 They have a huge selection to meet just about anything you might be wandering into this type of shop for... lingerie, Bachelorette parties, birthdays, fun with your honey, Halloween! The place is clean and always very tidy.  The staff is helpful and quite knowledgeable about products.  My only complaint would be that they had a coupon on yelp for checking in, but when I got to the register, they said that discount was expired and couldn't ring it in.  =/  So beware and check the exp dates ahead if a coupon is luring you in.
4 really enjoyed my shopping experience and received helpful service
5 I absolutely love this store! I remember 20 years ago having to go to an adult bookstore for toys and stuff...and having to deal with all the creepy men there using the video arcade...This place is great! Every time I have gone in I am immediately greeted by an employee, and asked if I needed any help. I have brought friends there also, who would have never dared to go...and shown them how nice it is...It is clean, and the displays are tasteful and helpful. I cannot tell you how grateful I am to have a store like this close by! It doesn't matter what you are into, they have something for everyone! Thank you so much and keep up the excellent work!
4 If you need supplies for a bachelorette party this place is great! If you want things for other reasons I honestly don't know what to tell you other than the staff here is really friendly and they can probably help you out!  Quite honestly I'm a big old prude, so I didn't "browse" much around the store. I went to the penis straw, etc. area and got what I needed. The selection was good, and like I said, plenty of bachelorette party supplies.   I also mosied on over to the panties section because I needed to get a pair for the bachelorette. I mean, I'm no expert on the subject but the selection seemed fine to me! I was also informed they were having a 4 pair for $20 sale!   At the end of the day this Fascinations is clean & the employees are friendly (and seem knowledgeable on the products sold here). I've probably stepped foot in stores like this 4 or 5 times in my entire life (and I think each time except this one I was drunk and just having "fun"). I didn't feel uncomfortable at all and would come back if I "needed" goods this place supplies.
