5 I just have to say, this Fascinations is awesome!!!  In comparison to other Fascinations & Castle Boutique, this deserves to be in N. Scottsdale (haha)   ;-) VERY clean, tidy, non-offensive & the gals working there didn't give me the heebeejeebee's!  Nor did any of the other customers that came in! Also, all the expensive higher end 'products' weren't locked up behind glass cases so you could actually look with your hands & not JUST your eyes, now isn't that fun!?!  I hope it get's enough business so it will stay, because if I move, I will drive to this location over any others!
1 I have been shopping at various Fascinations over the years and its always a great experience with the staff, this company has done a great job recreating the image and feel of a sex shop and mainstreamed the whole experience.  However my issues sits with this one location as I have now had two bad experiences at this store.  This weekend we my girlfriend and I stopped by to pick up a mask for her mother who was going to a Halloween party that evening.  They had a large selection of mascaraed masks so we took a picture and texted the one we liked to her mother.  Out of no where this beast of a slob comes running out literally yelling at us that we can't take pictures, in pure shock of the situation I asked (genuine curiosity, not being a dick) why we can't send a picture text of the product.  She proceeds to talk down to me by explaining that I'm in a "sex shop" as if I was 3 and didn't know shit from shit lol.  So we went on there website and texted the same image from there.  As if anything was different by doing that, the dumb bitch was satisfied and I was turned off to spending anymore money or time in this place.  I just took the mask and checked out where they proceeded to try to up sell me on every fucking product in the store.  Great sales model, offend the customer then beg them to buy shit they don't want.  I would spend money with this business in the future but never at this location as I have now gone 2 for 2 with bad customer service here.  I wish I caught her name, because the other girl working was very nice.
4 Whether you're looking to play by yourself or with someone else, you are definitely going to find something to suit your needs. The toy section in this store is extensive, latex, plastic, glass, leather, beads, pulsing, throbbing... you know, all that fun stuff.  Don't be ashamed if this is your first time in the store, the woman who was working was extremely friendly and knew when to step in and when to walk away.   The other thing I liked about this store is the clean lay out. The store is spacious, neatly organized and free of clutter.   I came in for the apparel and while I saw at least four or five corsets and cinchers that I liked, when I tried them on; none of them fit right. I don't have a super weird body type, so I was surprised when NONE of them fit. Like not even a little bit. Oh well. The other thing that bugged me was the shoe selection. There were some killer heels that  I would absolutely want to buy- but I felt they were way overpriced. Like I've said before, that just might be my broke-ass opinion.  Don't forget to check in, they had a 20% off Check In offer when I stopped by!
5 I came in to buy a corset for the Bikers for Boobies Ride.  The sales person was very friendly & professional and I found exactly what I was looking for.  The product was attractive, well made and at a very good price point.  I have visited this store in the past and have always had a good experience here and at their Shea location.
5 Great store! This is the best place to buy birthday cards!
2 please change your hours on your yelp page they do not match the hours posted on the front door...
