5 Celadon Thai is an excellent restaurant in Newington which offers a pleasant, stylish environment and amazing food.  Apparantly this place is famed for its sweets, including sorbets and banana fitters, but it was their savoury dishes which I was seriously impressed with.  I went for the chef's recommended green beef curry for my main and the sticky ribs for a starter.  The ribs were grilled to perfection and soaked in honey which made them really nice and sweet.  The beef in the curry was tender and had virtually no fat, whilst the sauce was creamy, spicy and full of flavour.   The food seemed to take no time to be prepared and the staff were proper friendly.  I'd come here again any day and, although it's pretty pricey, it's well worth the money.
4 I came here with my Mum when she came up to Edinburgh to visit me. She loves a good Thai and I had heard from a friend that this was one of the best in Edinburgh so suggested that we gave this place a try. I like a good spicy meal and asked the chef to make a hot chicken green curry which he had no problem in doing, my Mum had the king Prawn green curry and we both agreed that it tasted great. The decor the the Celadon is a bit plain and boring but the quality of the food more than makes up for that.  it is a bit on the pricey side however, with the King prawn green curry costing around £11. I would suggest that the best time to come in would be for lunch where you can get a 2 meal set menu for around £13.
4 Celadon is one of the best Thai restaurants around in Edinburgh. If you ignore the drab exterior and interior, the food is excellent. I first came here with my parent after it being recommended to me by a friend, assuring me it was the best Thai restaurant in Edinburgh by miles, and whilst not quite that good (that honour goes to Thai Orchid), it is definitely up there. The staff are quiet but pretty friendly, and are efficient without being overbearing.   The food is great, if a bit expensive. They do set menus for those watching their wallets but I always find the dishes available quite restrictive, so we went for the a la carte. The mixed starter is like most Thai places, with the standard spare ribs, spring rolls, fishcakes etc but they were all cooked exceptionally. For a main course I had Tiger prawns with asparagus, garlic and soy sauce, which was beautifully flavoured. The other dishes were all good but their seafood is definitely the speciality. The only problem is that it is expensive, the seafood dishes averaging about £13, not including rice. If your budget stretches to this (probably not if you are a student) then it is a great place to go to, but if not then there are similar places to go to for better value.
5 It's easy to walk by Celadon Thai, I did it twice, but I'm happy that I finally found it. The food is truly remarkable; my parents came to visit me a few weeks ago and I'm still getting daily calls from my mother asking if I remember the Thai food. The restaurant decor is simple and elegant, its really beautiful on the inside. Overall a truly great restaurant in the Newington area.
4 I came here with friends on a Saturday night and it was very good.  Can't remember what I ate but I remember it was delicious and nice service too.
4 Authentic tasty Thai food!  I've only have takeaway from Caledon, but I was very impressed with the quality and authenticity of the food.  My Tom Kha was delicious, spicy, and bursting with coconut milk goodness.  The chicken was tender, not overcooked which is rare in this soup.  The red curry I had for main was perfectly balanced, sweet, sour, and oh so spicy.  This is Thai done right.  I'll definitely be back!
5 Excellent meal.  The app platter was an interesting mix of foods/flavors.  The pad thai had great flavors, and the sweet sticky rice for dessert was great.  Topped off with great, attentive service.  Have eaten there twice now and had a great experience both times.
5 Wow.  We came here as a fluke, simply because it was the only restaurant in the area that had a table on Friday at 7:00.  And what a happy fluke it was because WOW was that a good meal.  The service was amazing- absolutely top notch and entirely faultless.  The food... wow.  We opted for the sharing platter to start which was amazing.  The tempura was perfect - light, crunchy and not greasy.  The ribs were the star, though, loaded with meat and SO GOOD.    I had the shrimp pad thai as my main which was loaded with shrimp and had two massive shrimp butterflied on the side which were absolutely fantastic.  The Man had a duck dish which he loved.  I was too busy eating my own food to pay attention to his.    Our wine - a Californian Zinfandel- was also fantastic and at £15.95, a steal compared to restaurants we've visited lately.    We were hugely impressed and absolutely can't wait to return.
5 Seeing so many Thai restaurants with a mixture of extremely positive and negative reviews, I was a little anxious about booking anywhere. I am a student with a limited budget, so eating out is an occasion (here a reward for having finished all my assignments), and the Thai restaurant I chose had to be a very good one.  I looked at about 5 other places in town. Some were too expensive, some didn't offer enough in the way of veggie food, others were just too far away. I was considering a takeaway, when I suddenly noticed for the first time ever the Celadon which is just across the road from me. I can literally just cross the road and I'm on the doorstep. The next task was to check it was okay online. Yelp and other sites all pointed in the same direction: "top notch" and "entirely faultless" service, delicious authentic food and good value. Being so close, I had to check it out.  The menu is deceptive. It doesn't look very vegetarian, but it turns out they are willing to vegetarianize just about everything on the menu, are conscious about dietary problems and don't use shrimp paste! Yay!  I booked for 7.30 today. Before 8pm from Monday-Thursday there is a pre-theatre menu, where you get a starter and a main for £12.99. Upon entering we noticed  that the place was pretty empty, there was just one other couple eating. We put this down to the out of the way location, but after half an hour it suddenly filled up! The interior is minimalist and tastefully decorated, nothing too intrusive. The waitress was extremely attentive and friendly.   My boyfriend ordered from the pre-theatre menu: spring rolls with sweet chilli sauce, pad thai with tofu. I ordered a green curry with tofu and thai sticky rice. My boyfriend Robbie thought his starter was a bit small, but very much enjoyed it and his main made up for the small starter size. His pad thai came with the peanuts and various spices on the side (to sprinkle over the noodles), and a small salad. He said it was delicious, but after tasting some of mine he looked jealously at my dish every so often. Mine was super spicy, with plenty of red chillies in the sauce, fragrant herbs and spices, big chunks of fried tofu and plenty of fresh crunchy vegetables. My rice came in a bamboo bag which was used to steam it. The portion size was massive, but it was so good that I ate more or less everything.   Thai puddings are amongst my favourites. Robbie opted for the banana fritter with coconut ice cream, whilst I went for the banana cooked in sweet coconut milk. Strangely enough, this is a quite nostalgic dish for me as I used to eat it a lot when I went out for dinner with my grandparents. It is relatively healthy in comparison to other dessert options, and really rather delicious. The presentation of both pudding was really beautiful, and Robbie wolfed his pudding down despite having declared he was stuffed a few seconds before. He added that it was the best part of the meal...   For £30 for two without drinks, it wasn't that expensive. I am not sure why Thai is always pricier than other places, but Celadon is cheaper than most but definitely superior to most. Fresh ingredients are well cooked, service is, as Emily H stated, "flawless". I would definitely come back here to sample some of the other dishes on offer.
