4 I agree with the first review... This is the best market in the area. I did see some organic or free range beef when I was there today. What I couldn't find was aged beef although the butcher pointed out that the premium steaks they had were at least 12 to 15 days old.  They really have a good variety here... and don't forget the sushi station they have. You won't find that at any of the other markets in the area. Their fried chicken is the best in town also. It is a quick dinner for a small price. They have low carb items that other markets in the area do not carry. This is my market of choice since moving to AZ.
4 Wow. I never thought I'd be such a fan of a grocery store, but this is an amazing store. It's well-lit, well-laid-out, has the nicest staff in the history of chain stores, and has pretty much everything I want or need from a grocery store (except that it's not a Trader Joe's, but what can you do?).  Seriously...great, fresh produce...well-stocked shelves, huge selection of everything you want, great prices and even better sales (I bought a Thanksgiving turkey there for like $7 once--BEFORE Thanksgiving!). They also have an excellent pharmacy area, and even furniture and accessories, including area rugs. And grills and outdoor furniture!
3 I like Fry's the most out of the stores in the area because their produce seems to be the best. However you really have to watch the expiration dates here, I have purchased expired milk twice ( I know, the expiration date is something you should check before you buy, but with a 15 month old I can't always study milk) and most of the bagged salads expire the next day. Not sure if this is a management issue or an AZ thing, but selling 4 day old expired milk is not cool.  It's milk for a baby too, so that makes it even worse, right? Cute little babies deserve fresh milk! This is America. So, check your dates, Fry's, and tell management that's not the area to save money in. Then, I shall love you.
4 I live right around the corner from Safeway, but I usually come down here unless I'm really in a hurry. They always have a good selection (they have Tab!) and decent prices.   Note on the milk... if they're having a deep sale on it, check the expiration date. I've seen people load up on like six gallons because of the price, then I go and check and the expiration date is in like two days. How long does it take to look? I must say that in the past several months, they have been getting better on the dates, but the flip side, of course, is the sales aren't quite as good  I would like to see them get better stocked on their produce section, though.   Meat selection is great, both do-it-yourself and behind the counter.
4 I love this Fry's!  It is by far one of the best marketplace stores in the Phoenix area.  They don't have gas, but they have a Tully's cafe, a sushi counter, and a large stock of furniture and patio items.  It is always very neat.  Never crazy busy in there and the employees are pretty friendly.
5 Great store. Clean fast and friendly. Never in line long
5 Sushi bar is amazing!
5 Considering this is like my second home with the frequency I am there, the customer service is always great however I am still getting use to the new layout!
2 Am I the only one seeing all the flies at the deli counter?! I really don't like this location. I always see flies, I can't get used to the layout, There's no Kids Korner, check out conveyor belts are usually dirty.  The location at 67th and Beardsley is awesome! Super clean, never saw a fly. Number system at the deli counter, Starbucks, and a  Kids Korner with stellar employees.
5 The new, if she is 'new',  she introduced herself as new, deli cook is AMAZING. They take things from the produce section and make wonderful recipes! The kale salad with watermelon radishes that most people don't know what do with, with this tarragon dressing, out of this world! And fish tacos,  and salmon with crab! And Parmesan potatoes and baby broccoli,  on a Friday night and have fun! Ty! She is the best chef...should be working at AJs if nothing else. We are lucky to have her.
1 Very disappointed today!!! Cashier name tag said Stratton  No hello no worries whatever Then after I paid groceries sat there A min or two till I figured out Stratton  Was not going to bag them nor was a Bag boy who was next me  Bagging another customers groceries  The service there today was just Horrible
5 I really like this Frys.  I live in the Phoenix part of 85086 and this was a new move for me so the initial lack of options was staggering and I was dreading getting used to the Albertsons on Carefree Highway.  I was very familiar with Frys and prefer it to Safeway as well, this was an upgrade from my last Frys.  That being said please do not go in expecting Fry's Signature as seen on Tatum and Shea, that place is not reality.
4 I love this hometown grocery store. Yes I know it's owned by Kroger's, a huge conglomerate, but it truly feels like my hometown store in the neighborhood. The people are always friendly and the prices are probably the best other than Walmart. I'll continue to shop here for years to come.
