4 Full disclosure:  this was our first balloon ride, so I didn't know what to expect.  I can't really compare this company's experience to any other.  Suffice it to say, despite some of the issues I am going to write about, we had a great time on our balloon ride once we dropped our pre-conceived notions about what it would be like.  First off, if you are looking for something romantic like you see in the movies, this isn't it.  (at least not the ride we purchased.)  6-8 people in the gondola, squeezed into little boxes, plus the pilot.  It's super peaceful up at 2,000 feet.  The noise of the hot air is very loud, so like I said, not romantic and certainly not private.  This is not a complaint, just a description.  One thing that could have been a problem, but obviously wasn't, because we were able to take our ride, was that they did not have our reservation listed when we arrived at 6 a.m.  [Then I recalled that the female who took my reservation over the phone 3 weeks earlier was kind of distracted and rude at the time, so who knows?]  That is NOT a great feeling to get up before dawn, looking forward to a unique experience, and then no reservation.  grrrrr.  So I would just say FOR SURE call to confirm at some point before your flight, just to be safe.  Also, PLEASE do not be late for your ride.  There will be about 50 people (four balloons full of passengers, pilots, and ground crew)  waiting to start the experience.  Get there on time so that everyone can start the adventure!  Also, be aware that you will have to hop/climb in and out of the gondola, so it's definitely not a sedentary experience, and you're standing the whole time on the ride.  Just letting you know what to expect. All in all, we loved it and this company seems to know what's it doing.  I would do it again!
4 Hot air ballooning was on my Bucket List....CHECK!  I saw the Groupon deal and couldn't pass it up. Glad I didn't! I had never been in a hot air balloon before and I didn't know if that basket would hold us. The sunset flight was like something out of a movie. Peaceful, breathtaking and a memory that will be with you for a lifetime.   The team that got us up and flying was so awesome, they talked us through the process and were as enthusiastic as we were. Mark, our guide, was a real professional and knew the answer to just about any question you threw at him.   The champagne toast was the perfect ending, especially when they brought out the orange juice and we made mimosas. We said a little tribute to the other balloons in the air and enjoyed the moment with a few strangers, which is always a great part of travelling.   I would definitely go if they offered another Groupon type deal, but I feel like full price might be a bit much for a 60 minute ride.
5 Being that I've only been on ONE ride, i thought this one was good.  This is way below my threshold of fun for the dollar, but it was for my Grandmother's 80th's bday and she really wanted to do it.    Overall, this is one of the cheapest deals I've found.  $130 per rider I believer.  Total of 12 in a basket.  Oh yeah.. 12 in a basket is ALOT.    Our guide was funny, he was really skilled (he split 2 hills) and was very accommodating when it came to telling us about the balloon and how everything worked.  Champagne, cheese, and crackers at the end.  With your yelp check in a free champagne glass etched with Rainbow Ryders.  Nice way to commemorate.
4 We booked a balloon flight for a sun rise ride.  We learned that sun rise means that you will be riding when the sun is "rising"... meaning that it can be you will be going up while the sun is up...  I say all of this, because this is our second time trying a "sun rise" ride and learned on this one that it just does not really happen :)..    All of that being said they had a very good team who took care of all setup and tear down of the balloons.  Al made sure to give us a good experience over the desert.  Their prices are reasonable, and they deliver as they say they willl..
5 This might be an odd review, because I didn't actually go on a ride with them but I want to give them a positive shout out for solid customer service.  Long story short, I work in media, as does my wife and we each did a story with them.  They were very helpful, and the customers I spoke with were very stoked on the ride and with them.  That's part one.    I was SO impressed I bought a gift certificate with them for a present for my wife.  We had bad luck such as super high winds (cancelled) and emergency surgery ( cancelled) then I had a job transfer out of the area.  We were in a very unique situation and we were able to work it out and I just want to thank them.  A solid group and business...if something goes awry I feel confident they will work with you.  That's it!
5 We took an amazing sunset hot air balloon ride during the Christmas Holiday season. The weather and view couldn't have been better. We saw10 balloons go up with us.Taylor our pilot was great and the ride was very smooth. The champagne toast at the end was a wonderful touch.
5 "Flight commander" Dar was a great balloon pilot for our sunrise trip! Rainbow Ryder's took care of everything from beginning to end. On time. On the ball. It was even interesting to see how they figure out just the right launch point for our navigationless(ish) journey.   12 people in a woven basket, lifted and controlled via propane temperatures and breezes...crazy. We loved the peacefulness from above, while even dipping down low (intentionally) to look for wildlife.   After our pretty smooth landing (I was expecting more impact, but was pleasantly surprised), we had a nice continental breakfast with muffins, bagels and scones catered by Wildflower Bread Company. Very good! The champagne, orange juice and cranberry juice could be mixed or served solo as you prefer with comfortable opportunities for refills. Way to go, RR!
5 My parents were visiting from Oregon and since their birthdays were upcoming, I bought them a sunrise ride over phoenix. They came back from their trip overjoyed! They said it was an amazing experience and that their pilot was absolutely great.  They surely recommend this company and its tours! thank you guys!!
5 Awesome trip!!!!! Highly recommend. We did a private ride just the two of us for anniversary during sunset. So beautiful and exciting. By far our best anniversary yet. Thanks Dar for a great ride!
